  but anyhow , disregard the continent thing if you disagree ; it still seems desirable that sexuality and esp mere shirtessness and esp male and esp queer be less inhibited ( or as uninhibited as conceivable ) in the contemporary society than it currently is . 
  for the double standards vs straight female ( ie patriarchal and heteronormative ) imagery at least , but also generally , so our lives are just more relaxed in all of its aspects . 
  sry , that was the last thing i wrote before going to sleep . 
  not very readable , i was trying to put too much into it , though it still looks like it parses to me . 
  let me skip some parts of it , and add a few corrections :, 
  it still seems desirable that sexuality ... be less inhibited ... in the contemporary society than it currently is - * because of * the double standards ... but also generally : so our lives * would be * just more relaxed in all of * their * aspects . 
  any better ? 
  let me cut it up in a few sentences :, 
  a ) i 'd assert that less inhibited attitudes towards sexuality generally and male gay sexuality in particular are desirable, 
  b ) one reason would be to avoid the double standards , since female straight sexual imagery is comparably common, 
  c ) another would be simply so we have a more relaxed attitude towards this part of our lives ( ie towards sexuality ) . 
  as opposed to obsessing over what 's proper . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't easily relax my expression much further . 
  oh sure its both illegal and damaging . 
  but surely many , myself included would really want to see some damage done to us and nato military efforts in those two of its wars at the very least . 
  if she delivered all that intel . 
  to the enemy , a lone mole , that seems like a heroic achievement to me . 
  maybe not quite turing-level , but similar in kind . 
  thought they were n't a particularly popular effort at home either ? 
   no internet transactions could be secure , as every means of breaking the crypto would be available to everyone in the world . 
  the nsa is way ahead of the private sector in crypto , and they know the strengths . . 
  i think you 're talking out of your ass here . 
  if nsa supposedly broke all forms of pki ( and you know that somehow to claim ) , but we 're safer not knowing which and how ? 
  crypto advances by the constant battle of the cryptographer and the cryptanalyst , and whatever it is you think nsa is capable , short of proving no asymmetric mathematical functions even exist , secure cryptography online is possible by some method or another - if one knew which are n't that is . 
  though i really do n't think nsa is in any better position than anyone else to break commonly used algos , but through the size of their machines, 
  other than that , agreed , its fairly obvious why some esp military info should be kept secret . 
   you 're a terrible person . 
  is it that terrible to be of the opinion that aggressor 's forces and other minions are generelly a fair target ? 
  and to consider the us an aggressor here seems both common and fair ? 
  anyhow you can honestly believe that anyone opposed to some military forces you support is a moron and a terrible person ? 
  how wonderful to live in a black and white world with no sane non-evil person on the opposing end . 
  kinda like in the crusades ... 
  you 're bound to find people from parts of this planet 's geography not bound by your misguided us patriotism with such positions however , even in significant concentrations ... 
   the taliban murders children because they ate a candy bar . 
  straight up hanged little boys . 
  so how 's that any business of nato ? 
  anyhow , flinging insults is an immature way to react to political disagreement , but since that seems the level we 've reached here , enjoy your imperialist moral superiority . 
   do you even know what imperialism is ? 
  `` imperial in the sense of the aggressive encroachment of one people upon the territory of another , resulting in the subjugation of that people to alien rule . '', 
  seems to fit this case, 
   you assume that because i know why the us and nato are in afghanistan that my support of this is just patriotism . 
  nope , i assume that us exceptionalism seeping from your post is a misguided patriotism . 
  but i did n't mean to insult here , and i 'm amazed you find it insulting . 
  i 'm simply expressing my attitude towards , well patriotism generally , and us patriotism in particular . 
  look , calm the fuck down and then complain if i too loose my calm at some point ; i did n't start this abysmally low level of communication between us . 
  did you really find any of my posts as remotely aggressive as any of your 3 ? 
   this is every human being 's business , it 's called `` humanitarian intervention '' . 
  that 's how us decided to call its interventions somewhere in the mid 90s , yes . 
  it is imho far too risky for a global hegemon to wage wars without any checks as to the legitimacy of its actions . 
  there is a procedure in place here , either in the security council , or in the general assembly , and the us has made a point of completely ignoring it . 
  that is doubly dangerous . 
  to honestly believe humanitarian motives had anything to do with the military action is ridiculously naive imho ; frankly it amazes me someone is seriously qouting the government on that . 
  note that the action had no chance in the security council , and quickly lost any support in europe , first among the people , then among the governments too . 
  let 's not even contemplate the reactions of the populations of the middle east ( we can likely see some of the fruits of that in the rise of islamism , even by democratic means ) . 
  so that reality-distorting field that supposedly has me in its grip , seems to extend pretty wide . 
  one might think , avoiding only the anglosphere ... 
   recall that afghanistan was invaded in direct response to an attack on american civilians and military personnel . 
  further , i think that action was completely illegitimate , and that as a sovereign nation , afganistan was furthermore completely justified in requiring evidence as to the guilt of its citizen be presented if any extradition is to happen . 
  and/or that it happen to a go-between like pakistan instead . 
  they have no extradition agreement with the us , and us conduct in the matter ( a wide ultimatum and rejection of any diplomatic means they tried ) gives clear falsehood to their humanitarian or self-defense pretence . 
  the goal was an invasion , and the motives were geopolitical , like the motives of states on the world stage are without exception . 
  afganistan is one in a long series of word shitholes , luckly us does not yet have a policy of occupying the lot of them under this doctrine - and has only become worse due to invasion for a long number of years with countless victims . 
  unlike the more plausable claim for a humanitarian action in the case of kosovo ( which had a much wider international support ) , there was no current , ongoing humanitarian crisis with a tight deadline at the time of invasion , just an oppressive regime . 
  afgan fighters are emotionally justified in trying to defend from a foreign invasion - and this is how it 'll look like to many regardless of the supposed true motives , even if you can swallow that a country can have noble motives . 
  and this will motivate many , not necessarily ideologically extreme , at least at first , to join the fight for their homeland , like it was with the other imperial power some decades ago . 
  yet they get killed , and its their killers safety , i should concern myself , rather than theirs . 
  sorry , no ; whatever they may believe , at least they 're on their own soil , and dead mostly for wanting to keep it that way . 
  and ofc the breach of international peace will only fuel more extemism . 
  not a cycle likely broken by more interventions , save by really occupying the lot . 
   pot , kettle . 
  really , you seem to insist on these silly inversions however lacking in substance . 
  i do n't think the larger issue of international interventions is black and white at all , and i certainly do n't see where i implied otherwise . 
  i do however think the wars in afganistan and iraq were completely illegitimate ( and the campaign in lybia went well over its security council mandate too ) , and constitute crimes of aggression under the rome statute . 
  hence self-defense of these regimes is a recognised sovereign right , which i 'll defend as primary however odious i might find their regimes ; for they guarantee international stability , and because a stable change should and will come by the people themselves , exercising their right of ( and power to ) self-determination . 
  but anyhow , i can understand you supporting a more proactive form of foreign policy . 
  what i do find troubling is the language you employ to describe someone who simply assesses the role of un as a global peacekeeper , the level of international legitimacy required for an intervention on a foreign soil not to be merely a war crime of aggression , and both the goals and results of those interventions , differently . 
  note this started with manning , where i simply support someone doing some modicum of damage to us military campaigns , on largely moral and strategic grounds . 
  one would think by your reactions that where you live opposing some us military effort is simply outside permissible public discourse . 
  and that level of popular militarism is both dangerous and worrying . 
  take up the white man 's burden --, 
  the savage wars of peace --, 
  fill full the mouth of famine, 
  and bid the sickness cease ;, 
  and when your goal is nearest, 
  the end for others sought ,, 
  watch sloth and heathen folly, 
  bring all your hope to nought . 
  take up the white man 's burden --, 
  and reap his old reward :, 
  the blame of those ye better ,, 
  the hate of those ye guard --, 
  the cry of hosts ye humour, 
  toward the light : --, 
  `` why brought ye us from bondage ,, 
  our loved egyptian night ? '', 
   char, 
  czar , right ? 
  ( tzar , czar , csar or car ), 
  but , you can find out the composition of the atmosphere from the spectrum of that light . 
  and that can lead you to detect bio-markers indicative of life .
