  how would one solve the technical problems of killing rather painlessly yet definitively . 
  its the big other option on how you get to die , other than getting killed by , normally , illnesses of aging itself , its is a criminal lack of imagination to not consider it at all . 
  as camus said in the the myth of sisyphus , there is but one serious philosophical problem and that is suicide . 
  so , perhaps we need a hotline for insufficiently suicidal people ? 
   do you think that a hypothesis that fails as a scientific hypothesis should still be given some credibility in the field of philosophy ? 
  if so , why ? 
  demarcation problem is essentially an open one in the field of philosophy of science . 
  falsifiability is neither a sufficient nor a necessary condition for something being a scientific position - for one , scientific theories are not dropped when falsified , but rather tweaked until they fit the evidence again . 
  popperian concept of how the scientific work works is rather heroic and appealing , but ultimately unfaithful to actual scientific practice . 
  a broader framework not dependent on the adhoc assertions about the supposed special place falsifiability is to have in the scientific process is a probabilistic bayesian approach to epistemology . 
  so then instead of facing the insurmountable demarcation problem , one can assign subjective ( if somewhat regularized ) probabilities to various hypotheses and simply maintain a rational consistency with how one updates these subjective probabilities as evidence comes in . 
  and while these asymptotically converge , they basically never actually become 0 or 100 , for then they 'd stop updating . 
  you are utterly ridiculous if you believe sf can only mean hard sf or be anything at all and nothing in particular , despite the glaringly obvious fact that it has continued to be a well defined genre filled with as you put it `` unreal shit '' for as long as it has existed at all . 
  consider say bradbury 's works like the martian chronicles , pretty much any part of new wave of science fiction you care to name etc. 
  my criteria ? 
  why would i bother making up my criteria -- winners of hugo and/or nebula awards are `` my '' criteria . 
  literature courses on science fiction are `` my '' criteria . 
  for i 've pretty much only named commonly accepted staples and staple writers of the genre . 
  like any genre its defined by institutions , reference body of literature , conventions , publishers , editors , magazines etc. 
  point is parasyte is simply far too derivative of certain acknowledged classics not to be in the same genre as them . 
  i ca n't even parse your second paragraph . 
  what other methods but genocide could ensure their freedom from oppression and political domination , when the opposition is born with practically unbeatable advantage of inherent powerful psionic powers ? 
  theres a snowballs chance in hell anything but total extermination would guarantee his freedom , as history of that world repeatedly demonstrates . 
  nice to have the luxury to disapprove , but what choice is there in this sick universe of the story ? 
  trust that good conquers all evil in the end because its nice to think so despite the evidence to the contrary ? 
  i think the problem here is that these demihumans are far too overpowered even at birth for such a scenario . 
  that 's not a kind of power that even can be shared , unlike with political powers in a contemporary society and modern liberation movements . 
  views mean nothing if power is so fundamentally concentrated . 
  another is that this society has a rather delicate balance maintained by social engineering , and a rather bloody history before it , to think there 's much place with those ungifted in it . 
  its not an avenue he can explore , for he can be wiped out the moment he 's seen as in any way rebellious , literally at the speed of thought , unless he 's already holding the upper hand , power-wise . 
  let 's say it does n't happen - its still ridiculous to risk it . 
  he has political responsibility for queerats , and none for the demihumans , why put your fate in the mercy of others unlikely goodwill that 's not in their interest , if you need n't ? 
  i got the impression queerat lives were seen as a rather cheap and irrelevant commodity by the demihuman society . 
  these are n't conditions where protests and bodies can protect them . 
  i 'm thinking it could rather easily become a holocaust scenario or worse , as opposed to a black rights movement , in terms of both power inferiority and the level of regard for their lives . 
  rather than like in black liberation movements . 
  right , i can see things going that way in the long run , possibly . 
  still i find it difficult to judge harshly the actions of revolutionaries interested in results in their generation by fighting for them . 
  there 's great heroism in such a dream . 
  even when analyzing what this need minimally entail suggests genocide . 
  if it were a matter of gratuitous or vengeful killing , i 'd think differently , but as far as i can analyze the situation , they 're just acting politically rationally in attempting to reach their goals ( now and by force , as opposed to maybe in the future by appealing to their captors ) , and nothing more . 
  i 'm not suggesting falsifiability is a bad first approximation , but still its not quite true to the actual history of scientific thought . 
  i should note that this point is rather unoriginal , and if i do n't present it particularly well , you should consult the works of popper 's students like imre lacatos and his notion of research programmes based on a hard core of assumptions the abandonment of which would indeed be the abandonment of the programme , protected by auxiliary hypothesis that give a programme flexibility to adapt ( and hence protect itself from falsification ) given unexpected empirical data . 
  this was under the influence of a more historically informed analysis of the actual practice of the sciences in thomas khun 's structure of scientific revolutions . 
  and is largely the same point as the one made by quine regarding confirmation holism , where he emphasizes how a theory is always underdetermined by the data , and so that while a particular theory is rather brittle and easily falsified , statements of the theory are not , so any particular statement can be saved from being falsified by adustment elsewhere in the web of beliefs . 
  which is exactly what happens , with beliefs more central in a web being typically preserved at the expense of peripheral ones . 
  consider for example , heliocentrism . 
  it predicts stellar paralax . 
  this was not measured to actually happen 300 years since heliocentrism was first introduced , and indeed the effect was much subtler than expected ( since the universe is bigger , stars farther away than we then thought ) . 
  still heliocentrism was the favored thesis , and we usually laugh at the tychonic model that did n't suffer the problem of stellar paralax because the sun with all the planets in turn revolved around a static earth in it . 
  edit : maybe an even funnier example , since you brought up lamarkianism , was the popularity of neolamarkian variations of evolution at the turn of the century ( period sometimes called `` the eclipse of darwinism '' ) . 
  to the point where you can see concessions to lamarkianism in later redactions of darwins `` origin of species '' . 
  problem being that not knowing of fusion , it was thought the sun and in consequence the earth can not be old enough for natural selection to do its thing - yet if one could inherit acquired traits , this can substantially speed up the process of evolving . 
  sun was taken to be glowing for reasons t-tauri stars glow ( kelvin -- helmholtz mechanism ) , mere collapse of the gasses . 
  this luckly was not taken as a falsification of evolution , but it was defended by adopting lamarkian presumptions . 
  further issues came from not knowing genetics , for by accident of history , mendel 's work was n't known at the time even though it was already published , but i do n't want to complicate the point further . 
  anyhow , evolution was a successful research programme in that it asked interesting questions about the geographic distribution of traits etc , and gave some answers , and for these reasons it flourished , and protected from falsification by abandoning even natural selection for a period of time . 
  / edit, 
  what smolin thinks of string theory is rather irrelevant to your topic , no ? 
  if you want to speak of it , consider how odd the situation there is - it is a unique theory that actually creates a plethora of perfectly testable predictions ( at energies close to the size of the strings , their stringy nature is quite obvious with the appearance of string harmonics ) . 
  but its also a theory about how physics behaves in the planck scale . 
  which is exactly what one needs for a marriage of quantum theory and general relativity , since up to that point semiclassical gravity works well enough . 
  but it is also a regime so far from anything our instruments can currently reach that one could well call those predictions untestable . 
  anyhow back from this digression , you can see these dynamics of falsificationism of peripheral notions in order to protect core beliefs from being so falsified in any contemporary discovery you care to name . 
  strictly speaking , the discovery of dark energy falsified general relativity itself , because for it to be compatible again , einstein 's field equation needs to be tweaked with a constant ( cosmological constant , marked as lambda ) at least . 
  ofc one does n't speak of a little peripheral tweak as a falsification of general relativity itself , which is a different way of saying that a tweaking of a peripheral belief protected a core belief from getting falsified by the predictions the theory ( the deceleration of the expansion of the universe ) being falsified by the measurement ( seeing acceleration of the expansion of the universe instead ) . 
  consider the hunt for the higgs boson . 
  rather uneventful since , as is so often the case in physics , the simplest model with a single higgs seems to be right . 
  its not like the electroweak theory would fall if that was n't the case though , for you can build a model with more than one higgs , or with technicolor , or higgsless models etc. 
  tweaking peripheral assumptions to fit a non-detection of the higgs was quite a sport before the lhc run . 
  since they hoped to find one already at lep . 
  anyhow , to see the exact same thing being done as here , but with less success of the first guess approaches , one need look no further than supersymmetry . 
  strictly speaking , its rather unfalsifiable for it may appear at any energy level all the way up to the planck scale . 
  there 's a fair number of constants to tune in any direction depending on what the data is telling you to do . 
  so a falsificationist would need claim this is not a theory at all but a framework for creating theories or some convolutions such as those . 
  anyhow , it functions exactly the same in practice , with a menu of models that gets pruned and expands to fit the data . 
  in either example , a hit - finding higgs or supersimmetry - would be a decisive success of the research programme , while any misses on the way would be relatively inconsequential . 
  though too long a history of failures will eventually wear everyone 's patience down . 
  this speaks a probabilistic story of falling confidence though , rather than any clear falsification opportunities . 
  the key is that it will be a matter of the programme dying a slow death of falling interests - and as string theory shows , only if the competition has something better to offer - rather than any decisive falsifications . 
  4 should just mean somewhat below average , not unwatchably terrible . 
  a decent number of things should qualify as that . 
  just finishing the second season of this and i 'm quite conflicted about it . 
  the first season was something i found immensely enjoyable , while the first 6 episodes of the second season were truly appalling . 
  for one , that 's not how auctions work , yet in the first season it was the economics plot that so appealed to me . 
  for another , where 's the amazing witty banter between the leads ? 
  instead you get just cliche tsundere tantrums , screaming and crying and all that irritating shit . 
  further , they 've retconed stuff into the plot of the first season - [ ] ( / s `` the idea that lawrence knew all along her destination did n't exist anymore . '' ), 
  this might reinterpret their behavior during it . 
  next , her motivation does n't even make that much sense to me - [ ] ( / s `` sage wolf horo being unprepared to think her pace of origin might no longer exist after centuries of being away ? 
  for one this is atypical behavior for her , for such natural effects of the passage of time never phase her otherwise . 
  for another i ca n't buy her caring about it that much because she had centuries to check up on it yet did n't . 
  i guess she could be tied to the land while protecting it and unable to travel even for a short while , though that seems lame , that wolf form is quick and further we know she appeared in this form to at least talk to people before . 
  anyhow , i just do n't buy her sadness . '' ), 
  finally , behavior of lawrence after that is both pointless and appaling . 
  [ ] ( / s `` he has no power , even if he had the desire , to stop horo from going away anywhere she wants . 
  you know , she not being a slave , she being a huge wolf that can go where she pleases etc. 
  so what 's the point or possible reward of playing that auction game to begin with ? 
  he 's in a perfect situation of being sure to get free money , and all he has to do is sit back and not meddle in the market . 
  and at no point is he in a situation to do anything to limit horo 's choices anyhow .
