   ** even worse , ... 
  i did n't actually die . 
  ** ... at this time , i looked at the internet on my phone , and ** people were already saying terrible things about me . 
  ** i had a panic attack and frantically asked the police to take me to the hospital . 
  that was the first of four times that i have stayed in the hospital this year . 
  sooo , someone saying bad things about you is worse than dying ? 
  its odd to see this stated by someone so plainly ; most would feel such intense need for approval in order to even sustain youself a bit demeaning . 
  i guess it would make sense if the horrible thing in the situation was not the fact they were saying something bad about you in itself , but because you thought they might be right , at some of the points at least , yet your self-image could n't withstand such recognition ? 
  or if not , the answer is obvious - fuck 'em !, 
   there was a short time after my first attempt where we thought that i might still be able to get back on ap , but it all fell to pieces rather quickly for a number of different reasons , and ** even my boyfriend was de-seniored . 
  uhh , guilt by association or bravado on his part dragging him into doing obviously problematic things ( ie excessive flaming ) ? 
  is that forum really such a great place , or just a fiefdom of a few petty despots ? 
   what 's more , not only did i flunk the class i was going to flunk anyway , but i 'm pretty sure i flunked the other two that i was actually doing well in . 
  so now i 've basically dropped out of school for good . 
  ah , yeah tough , but happens . 
  certainly does n't close all doors . 
   i used the hospital laptop when i should n't have , i should have just gone to sleep , just like i should have just flunked the class , or held my tongue about the stupid pope . 
  uhmm , a moment - holding your tongue , as in being dishonest about your opinions , seems hardly either constructive ; you 're building alliances on the basis of a lie , so they can not last ; or , as a form of self-censorship if necessary for you to function in a group , absolutely damning of it as a worthy vehicle for any kind of a struggle . 
  nevermind the great social causes of the 21century ; such a group is then already betraying the progressive principles of 18th century ( free speech clearly recognised by thinkers like voltaire etc ) . 
  if that 's not it , then its some other aspect of your way of communication that was the issue , other than the message itself . 
   so now , most of the people who i knew on ap have blocked me , most of the people who i knew from cool freaks have blocked me , and a lot of other trans women have blocked me too . 
  right - so you managed to alienate , i 'm still not positive to what extent by your fault or mere honesty and diverging opinions , your current group of friends . 
  that 's a bit of a dramatic , single-cut way to do it but friends do drop off over time often , and usually most are n't worth keeping anyhow . 
  in case a fair bit of the reason was n't just your behavior but also diverging positions , that is . 
   even though i had devoted my life to advocating for trans rights ,, 
  hm , you mean the couple of years of your life ; ca n't imagine you being an activist already with say 9 so it must be less then a decade now ? 
   even though the only thing i wanted to be , was a hero . 
  this is where bravery and ideals and errant dreams of success brought me , exiled from the trans community and branded as `` toxic '' , while elaine enjoys the reverence of both the trans community and the cis `` allies '' who did away with me . 
  buahahahahaha , let me fetch my world 's tinyiest fiddle for you . 
  and here 's a sad baroque aria , with two crossdresed guys singing really high , for a bit of melodrama , and camp and just because i like it ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-m_sw922za, 
   i almost know for certain that i am going to die . 
  yes , memento mori !, 
  little else is certain or as significant in our existance , but the fact everything invariably decays and dies . 
   please do not call the cops , i do n't have a plan , i 'm not planning to do anything tonight . 
  what i mean is , there is nothing i can do with my life anymore . 
  hm , i 'm not of the opinion that living needs to be justified by doing anything in particular . 
  granted i 'm a lazy mediterranean guy . . human is a being whose existence preceeds its essence , to paraphrase sartre . 
   i have been blocked and ostracized by many notable trans women : joanna blackhart , calliope wong , elizabeth flannagan , elaine herself . 
  ... and this trans community is a claustrophobic world where one needs to be friends with the other notable activists in oder to acomplish anything ? 
  i do n't know what the legal situation is in the usa , but if trans activism were something i strived to do for a living here , i 'd have to think up programmes , of local and not-much-cash-needed variety , that have a social for that purpose , then create an ngo to perform them in , seek money by applying for open grants of various relevant foundations and government bodies , on local , regional , state , eu levels , and explore possibilities for having some self-financing thereof . 
  and i 'd communicate online . 
  write , its easy to put it up somewhere . 
  and what 's not to like about living like that ? 
  true , ts prob a low-income existance , which has its own ascetic appeal , and you 're making a living contributing to a cause you care passionately about . 
  pretty great in comparison to dayjobs most people are forced to endure to make ends meet . 
  true i 'd need people to collaborate with . 
  but that you can definitely work on . 
  you would n't however need to be friends with some elite cabal members , nor would you necessarily need to strive for fame for yourself . 
  apart for the purpose of stroking your ego that is . 
  which is a fairly counterproductive activity for one 's peace of mind anyhow . 
  in the area of civil society where i actually am engaged to an extent ; contemporary theatre ; i 've seen some people quarreling , to the point of exclusion with everyone and anyone they possibly could , yet eventually collaborating again nevertheless . 
  prob still thinking all the worst about each other . 
  and i 've seen people disillusioned and fed up with this shit , going on to take some regular dayjob . 
   i know that i will never feel like a good person again ,, 
  ... `` never again '' . 
  did n't you say you 're 19 ? 
  what hubris , to pronounce on the possible say 6 decades of your remaining avg life , while you 've not properly known even one whilst in full posession of your senses . 
   and i know that i will never succeed now that so many people are opposed to me , now that most of my pathways have been closed off . 
  ... again with the `` never '' . 
  most paths - that is to say , paths you 've considered . 
  which seem very single minded and narrow ; your post has focused on a particular manga forum ( ? 
  ) , and on some trans celebrity cabal . 
   i have lost nearly everyone and everything because of this , my friends , my community , my education , my chance of having a career in the future , not to mention my sense of self . 
   and it was all because of a series of stupid mistakes . 
  somehow , i knew it would end like this , ever since i watched that episode of l&o : svu , `` fallacy '' . 
  i knew that i would make a single stupid mistake that snowballed out of control . 
  after all you wrote , you really think this is at root about that kiddiefucking bigot in a white skirt ? 
  seems rather you have emotional issues , perhaps not too atypical for teens but overpronounced , and as far as we can gather from your opaque hints your communication with others has repeatedly been fairly catastrophic , though you do n't offer many clues at to why . 
   and that i would be disgraced as a transmisogynist before the end, 
  if false , that someone accused or misunderstood you as being such is fairly irrelevant , no ? 
  or is this another `` oh no ignorant people are saying bad things about me , however will i survive their banter . '', 
   there are too many lavernes , eli erlicks , and elaines . 
  the trans community never needed me , as evidenced by their willingness to get rid of me now . 
  presume you 're right . 
  simply means that kind of spiel as they 're playing has been beaten to death already . 
   compared to them , i am nothing . 
  you know from such a perspective , you 'd need to say the vast majority of the population of the planet earth is nothing . 
  would you recomment to us anonymous people a collective suicide then ? 
  or why would you insist that the survival of your body and person be subject to any different a criteria then ? 
   and i 'd feel bad leaving them all behind . 
  i do n't even know if i 'd really have a better life that way , because i have no idea what i would actually do with my life as a `` cis woman '' , besides live with d. 
  to go in the closet you mean ? 
  whatever could you gain by doing that ? 
  regardless of your affiliations with some particular `` community '' and the forms of such affiliation , i do n't see why it would be beneficial to you to hide your identity to other people systematically . 
  kad se izmotavas iz tvrdnje da je abortus jednostavno sigurniji odabir od nastavka trudnoce regardless , evo jos par referenci [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.ajog.org/article/s0002-9378%2805%2900973-7/abstract ) [ [ 2 ] ] ( http://annals.org/article.aspx?articleid=717375 ) [ [ 3 ] ] ( http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/252560-overview ) [ [ 4 ] ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/01/23/us-abortion-idustre80m2bs20120123 ) kaze npr da je to jedna od najsigurnijih procedura u suvremenoj praksi - `` abortion remains one of the safest procedures in contemporary practice , with a case-fatality rate less than 1 death per 100 000 procedures . '', 
  , usporedjuje sa opasnoscu od penicilina : `` anaphylaxis after parenteral administration of penicillin is about 2 per 100 000 events '', 
  worked , 
  da basically . 
  evo nesto slicno iz usa prakse - [ baker must make cakes for gay weddings ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/05/30/colorado-baker-gay-weddings_n_5420252.html ), 
  random googling - http://www.primerus.com/business-law-articles/accommodating-islam-in-the-workplace-a-work-in-progress-332011.htm, 
  in al-jabery v. conagra foods inc. , 2007 u.s. dist . 
  2007 ) , for example , a muslim started working at a ham-processing plant as a sanitation worker , which required him to clean the pork-processing machines , but apparently not touch the pork directly . 
  when he had work performance problems he was transferred to the pork production line , where he could be closely supervised . 
  he objected to the transfer , but did n't tell management that his reluctance to work on the pork production line was based on his religious beliefs . 
  after he was terminated he sued for religious discrimination under title vii , as-serting that the company had a duty to accommodate his religious objections to handling pork . 
  the court summarily dismissed his suit , holding that the cost of accommodating plaintiff 's request to remain in the sanitation position would cause the em-ployer to suffer undue hardship . 
  the court was not sympathetic to the employee 's situation , noting that plaintiff `` seeks to be the only person at a ham processing plant who was not required to touch pork , even if the needs of the company demanded it . '' `` plainly put , '' the court stated , `` a ham plant can not be efficiently run by catering to the idiosyncratic desires of a muslim worker not to touch the plant 's main product . '', 
   shvatila, 
  shvatio . 
  ugl nisam vidio u abstraktima bar .
