  flair claims this is wordnews . 
  i ca n't see how it could possibly be . . 
   that vote thread was clearly brigaded and did not actually show the will of the members . 
  hm , idk seems logical to me that whatever the current policy of a sub might be , and presuming it has been in effect for a long time , self-selection would make it so that most of the active members support it , and reject change . 
  that just means voting on policy matters does n't make that much sense - but for some reason that was what jij did at the time . 
  hm , you think that 's what they plan to do ? 
  but sticking things to one 's penis while subjecting you to porn is a fairly involved and humiliating procedure - how could that detect homosexuals on a border crossing ? 
  they 'd have to do this to everyone to prevent homosexuals from entering their countries ? 
   i hope a real-world application to this discovery comes one day ... 
  actually that seems highly unlikely - and is def not the point of doing it . 
   they also say kbps , but k should be capitalized . 
  what gave you that idea ? 
  it 's an si prefix , and its supposed to be lowercaps , as is everything smaller than m ( ega ) : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kilo -, 
  if you mean the binary prefix ( though i would n't use those in polite company any more than imperial units ) , a kibibyte ( 1024 ) , that on the other hand should be ki - , again not k - . 
  either way , - ps is silly . 
  ideally , to be consistent with other derived units , one should use superscripts , so it should be kbs ^ -1 . 
  prob kb/s is fine too . 
   why linux users have such shortsighted vision . 
  those apps can be fine for those who use linux every day and know what terminal is at , but not for someone who comes from windows and has no idea . 
  you kinda answer your own question , given that linux users are to a significant extent , those who use linux every day . 
  so no itch to scratch with a problem not effecting you much . 
  volunteers develop software they want , to a fair approximation . 
  serving a market beyond yourself is up to a market entity that has some interest in it . 
  canonical does n't seem to be doing that particularly well imho - but that 's hardly anyone else 's problem . . 
   as a matter of fact this is what was holding linux back from mainstream , fuckin terminal and lack of user friendly ( idiot proof ) apps . 
  right , and so its mainstream in places where users need the flexibility of a terminal , and are n't afraid of it , like in servers . 
  i do n't really see why streaming should be a biggish , not invented here monolith app , rather than something that builds upon some existing solid media primitives . 
  and decent separation of concern is often bad in `` user friendly idiot proof '' gui blobs . 
   i want an app where i set quality , which screen/window to capture and press a button - bam , my shit is on twitch . 
  sounds like a script invoking some generic tool , with some gui form around it . 
  you could be more specific if you really wanted any further conversation ; i do n't see the point in trying to rephrase the entire comment . 
   and it can mess with their minds when they play games like that . 
  right , and so quality of the study is quite relevant to the claim then . 
  not that i have basis to think either way . 
  though just skimming the wiki page on it , seems quite inconclusive actually , with evidence pointing either way depending on what you read , and no conclusive metastudies of the field . 
  edit : so to point to some metaanalysis with contrary claims :, 
  http://www.tamiu.edu/~cferguson/video%20games%201%20year.pdf `` thus the debate on video game violence has been reduced to whether video game violence produces no effects ... or almost no effects . '', 
  longitudinal study of youth in germany conducted by maria von salisch found that aggressive children tend to select more violent video games and not the reverse . 
  for instance in 2007 john sherry asked : `` why do some researchers ( e.g. 
  gentile & anderson , 2003 ) continue to argue that video games are dangerous despite evidence to the contrary ? '', 
  a 2007 meta-analysis by psychologist jonathan freedman reviewed over 200 published studies and also reached this conclusion , finding that the `` vast and overwhelming majority '' did not establish a causal link . 
  a 2007 swinburne university of technology study found that only children already predisposed to violence were affected by violent games . 
  [ 42 ] a long-term outcome study of youth published in 2010 by christopher j. ferguson , found no long-term relationship between playing violent video games and youth violence or bullying . 
  on the other hand , one study generally not finding a link with violence , but not ruling out a possible link in case of pre-teens is mentioned . 
  not ruling out is quite different from showing though . 
  so in short , given the balance of research , seems to me there 's no conclusive proof of any effect in any social group , though slight effects can not be ruled out either . 
  there also seems to be a court decision , dismissing requests for videogame sales ban to minors , on the basis of precisely - insufficient evidence :, 
  in the decision , the court determined that there was no direct link between violent video games and their influence on children , in as much as compared to other types of media like television and pictures , and that they could not create a new class of restricted speech that is not applied to other forms of media . 
  note however , claims of the researcher you 're citing are enumerated in the alarmist camp on the page . 
  yet the balance does n't look particularly in favor of such a conclusion ... 
   insanity is nothing more than being outside a normal set of boundaries mentally compared to the majority . 
  if that , rather than suffering a disability or distress were actually what constituted a mental disorder , then treating insanity would be totalitarian ; merely imposing mere opinions of majority on a minority . 
   games where you murder people and have gratuitous amounts of sex are not meant for kids . 
  period . 
  no disagreement actually - but the argument is made in terms of the harm it seems to cause the kid , not that its outside societal norms, 
  so just like not treating your kids disease , but relying on say faith healing instead is criminal , though one might argue its a matter of imposing of beliefs . 
   eeing as he 's a professor of psychology at iowa state . 
  heck not even particle physics is so solid to take an individual study as conclusive . 
  think ftl neutrinos . 
  that 's just not a way to asses the position of a field . 
   but they should be forewarned . 
  my parents would n't have bought me half the games they did when i was a kid if they 'd seen the content first . 
  hah , and you feel traumatized by it ? 
  or are you simply a case in point - playing violent games as a kid not making you a particularly violent person ? 
  damn , if stuff i played were so policed , i 'd have had such boring education years , so at least something good comes of out having parents in the general population so technologically incompetent . 
  oh , right , abs . 
  all fair points ; i 'm being a bit facetious  ofc informed choice would make perfect sense , for a host of reasons . 
  i do however think media kids could consume then would be unnecessarly sanitized in such a case , for is seems sex , graphical violence etc of the kind found in popular games have no robustly demonstrated harmful effects on the mentality of kids . 
  perhaps this is a harm in itself - at the very least , limiting or stigmatizing their darker imagination . 
  and having , let alone mandatory reading off a warning label creates the impression it is dangerous , inappropriate and/or does cause such harm . 
  which as far as i can see , would actually be misinforming the parent . 
  now , describing the content in itself is n't misinformation - but seems our culture has some inappropriate hangups there ... 
  humanity has grown up with grizzly fables and ( ungraphical , which may be worse ) depictions of violence for a very long time - i have grimms tales and mickey mouse in mind here . . 
  ... and it also has fairly pedestrian , proto-orthodox gospels that were just known as fakes by the compilers . 
  ofc . 
  but they did n't at the time the canon was being created . 
   as far as your argument about insanity you kind of showed my point . 
  let 's see how :, 
   it wouldnt be a disorder or a disabillity if ... 
  ah , by ignoring the post for the most part and focusing on and insisting on some redefinition of terms of disorder and disability , like the one you did on insanity . 
  yea def i showed your point : /, 
   say everyone has multiple personality disorder and one person ends up born without it . 
  we would say that person had the disorder , not everyone else . 
  if everyone was born deaf and one person could hear they would be the person with the disabillity not us . 
  baseless-assertion . jpg, 
  so , you base your argument on the intimate knowledge of alternate realities ? 
  it is quite demeaning to the real suffering people with mental disabilities regularly go through , to insist the crux of the matter is that they 're merely different . 
  it is rather that they can not function in certain aspects of life and suffer in consequence . 
   we keep them safe , they do what we say . 
  how and against whom ? 
  they 're a neutral country , not a member of nato or anything ... 
   lack of a real military, 
  what makes you think they need more military than they have , or that us is of any help to them militarily , given they do n't even have a mutual defense pact with it ? 
  they do have a loose mutual assistance pact with the rest of europe btw . 
  their strategic position is simply such that more military , and especially more us military is a liability , not an asset to them , given the closeness of russia . 
  minor country in the middle of great forces often chooses such a posture . 
  i think your claim that us is of military importance to sweden is simply baseless , and you have not provided anything to the contrary beyond mere assertions . 
   we already know that nicotine is carcinogenic , so it 's interesting to understand how much of smoking risk comes from tobacco vs smoke in general . 
  then finally , what if you use a vaporizer ? 
  a water pipe ?
