  jasno . 
  oh yeah - at least at this point , i 'm really enjoying myself , apart from being fairly pennyless , like most people around here anyway . 
  i 've got a boyfriend , for years now ; am out with all non-family , have great accepting friends , pleasant job , am able to engage in all the diverse hobbies and interests i care about etc. 
  this in spite of being in a fairly small , fairly dull and fairly conservative city . 
  i to su super napravili , kudos . 
  mislim . 
  http://www.reddit.com/rules/ . 
  so this is interesting !, 
  no , its not just a gravitational effect , but actual conversion of dark matter into xrays . 
  they might somehow interact via the weak force to produce the photons in question , not via electromagnetism . 
  wimps are weakly interacting massive particles - meaning both that they do n't interact much , but also that we expect ( i think sterile neutrino models would n't match that ) them to interact a bit via the weak force . 
  axions are n't apparently called wimps but are still supposed to be weakly-interacting spin-zero , neutral bosons with a small mass . . 
  the preprint of the study http://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1403/1403.2436.pdf article states they can convert to xray photons in the presence of an electromagnetic field via an inverse primakoff effect . 
  and this is the wiki on the [ primakoff effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primakoff_effect ), 
  and also via two other mechanisms , compton-like and bremsstrahlung - like processes . 
  i must say i still do n't get it though ... 
  does it matter if you use vg vs pg , or if you try just base w/o flavor vs any particular flavorings ? 
  does n't seem too strange if you 're already sensitive to a bunch of other stuff , though i ca n't see exactly why esp if smoke is painless . 
  one thing that comes to mind is how it could be a greater portion of nicotine is getting absorbed in the mouth etc than in lungs in case of vaping in comparison to smoking - that was one of the possibilities stated in a study on why the nicotine absorbtion is slower in vaping vs smoking . 
  could be tested with some 0nic liquid . 
  someone said he had hairloss ? 
  and not having it with smoking ? 
  so that vaping causes hairloss ? 
  nah , that must be bullshit ; there just is n't anything there in the vapor/aerosol that 's not present in more worrying quantities in smoke apart from vg and/or pg so we 're supposed to think either or both cause hairloss not noticed in their many other uses . 
  or in workplace exposures etc. 
  whether its something more subtile or indirect , like smoking preventing it somehow instead or stress of transition or maoi alleviating depression , causing ir -- kudos , not bad for sci hypothesis generation , no clue , sounds stretched , certainly an internet anecdote is not enough to consider it , and in case of the first one - how could it have possibly not been seen before , sounds like a great smoking ad ; and anyhow either such case says nothing about vaping per se so is a bit offtopic . 
  well , caveat with any claims like this is that no population has ever been exposed to vg and/or pg in such quantities , day in and day out , year after year , than vapers . 
  yes we 've got data from significant workplace exposure , from lab experiments that 're supposed to stimulate such exposures , from patients inhaling it etc - but from the most cautious possible stance , this fact does warrant furhter monitoring of any `` interesting '' health developments of hte vaping population . 
  but with what we do know , hard to imagine anything safer , other than h2o , i 'd rather be constantly exposed to in such manner than vg . 
  internet anecdotes are as a rule , scientifically worthless , and we 've actually got proper solid science on ecig safety to stand on , so do n't need that . 
  not in italy ( but across the adriatic in zadar ) , but our best local b&m is run by an italian , and they 've got biofumo , mental4smoke , elit , t-svapo and flavorart . 
  have yet to try elit . 
  couple of biofumo and mental4smoke were decent , but i did n't stick to them over following months . 
  as a matter of trust and safety i 'd go w flavorart , but i must say some t-svapo ( like sahara and frutti di bosco ) are really tasty to me . 
  currently on flavorarts lemone di sicilia and quercia ( that 's oak ) , and t-svapo frutti di bosco ( friend 's on sahara , i 'm a bit bored by it ) . 
  dripping a few drops of it directly on my rda as wanted ; i 'm a bit lazy to make anything more than a base . 
  i also enjoy ( but do n't currently have ) flavorart stark ( apple ) , red touch ( strawberry ) , cherryl ( amarena ) and irish cream . 
  earlier in my vaping , starting with tobbacco flavors , loved their virginia and maxx blend . 
  complete and utter bullshit and misinformation , and in many instances quite obviously so . 
   the earth is a flat disk, 
  false . 
  eratosthenes even calculated the circumference of the earth , fairly accurately , around the 240 bc . 
  pythagoras thought the earth was round in 6ct bc . 
  this was the established view by aristotle 's time , in 330bc, 
  biblical reference given `` he sits enthroned above the ** circle of the earth ** , and its people are like grasshoppers . 
  he stretches out the heavens like a canopy , and spreads them out like a tent to live in . '', 
  so here the bible is incorrectly saying the earth is a disk . 
   only 1100 stars, 
  what ? 
  obviously false , a glance at the sky shows many more stars . 
  probably refers to the cataloge of 1100 stars in the almagest by ptolemy . 
  which is a far more incredible scientific achievement in itself and certainly does n't suggest anyone thought that was it . 
  biblical reference given : `` i will make the descendants of david my servant and the levites who minister before me as countless as the stars of the sky and as measureless as the sand on the seashore . '', 
  archimedes in the sand reckoner , tries to find an upper bound on the number of grains of sand that would fit the universe . 
  mostly as an imaginative exercise to explore large numbers . 
  10 ^ 63 , he opines . 
  he also presumes a heliocentric model of the universe , and is conscious of the issue of stellar paralax . 
  anyhow the point is - grains of sand are not countless to greek science, 
   air is weightless, 
  another complete lie . 
  the biblical source given speaks of the force of wind - where 's the pronouncement on the weight of air ? 
  are we to think people otherwise did n't know about the force of wind ? 
  hard to find much on air but references to anaximander , but for eg heron of alexandria was harnessing the force of wind with a windmill , and designed a steam engine , by 1ctad . 
  biblical source : `` when he established the force of the wind and measured out the waters . '', 
   each star is different, 
  obviously false . 
  perhaps it seems plausible to urban dwellers not accustomed to watching the sky to think so , but again a fairly causal glance discovers there are different kinds . 
  all star catalogues across the world describe their differences - eg , the differences in brightness and color . 
  for a later example , the star antares is called so because of its obvious red color , reminding people of mars ( ares ) . 
  the comparison could be as old as babylonian astronomy . 
  further the 6 magnitudes used to indicate apparent brightness of a star today , were inherited from hellenistic astronomy . 
  this one alone is so incredibly insulting to the fairly sophisticated level of ancient astronomy . 
  biblical source : `` the sun has one kind of splendor , the moon another and the stars another ; and star differs from star in splendor . '', 
  if i squint and take glory to mean something like color and magnitude , i guess ... 
   light was fixed in place, 
  false . 
  what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  for early ideas on how light works , empedocles thought rays of vision were cast from the eye and would hit the elements . 
  euclid already had the rudiments of optical theory around 300 bc , noting that light travels in straight lines , and knew the laws of reflection mathematically . 
  people like aristotle had the , in retrospect more correct theory that light was emitted outside and entered the eye . 
  anyhow , the ancients developed optics as a branch of proto-science , which can again hardly be said for the bible , like in the previous example of astronomy , and none of optics and its laws could conceivably have any meaning if light is fixed ( how is that supposed to work exactly , what 's reflection then ? ), 
  biblical source `` what is the way to the abode of light ? 
  and where does darkness reside ? 
  can you take them to their places ? 
  do you know the paths to their dwellings ? '', 
  so its not that light moves , rather that it has an address , a place where it lives ? 
  and so does darkness , which is not an absence of light but more like a bear , with its own cave too ? 
  that 's supposed to resemble optics or compete with the optical theories of the time ? 
   earth sat on a large animal, 
  obviously false . 
  this is a hindu religious belief . 
  we already talked about ancient astronomy . 
  earth is a sphere freely floating in the centre of a geocentric universe at this time . 
  and we knew how big it was , could predict the motion of planets , etc. 
  biblical source `` he spreads out the northern skies over empty space ; he suspends the earth over nothing . '', 
  seems ok , though apparently the universe has an up and down universally so earch can be suspended over something . 
   winds blew straight, 
  oh what a scientifically profound factoid did they come up with here !, 
  ok , i have no idea how to even try to find out about what the ancients thought on how the winds form . 
  biblical `` the wind blows to the south and turns to the north ; round and round it goes , ever returning on its course . '',
