  the text finishes by analyzing what happens next , the experiments to be done , and goals they should achieve , and finally by some closing remarks about the value of this kind of thinking to the scientific community . 
  this is all typical scientific discourse . 
  nothing at all even hints to any political topics or actors . 
  there are no politicians , but also no ideological or religious factions , no civil initiatives , no social questions - opposing positions address the merit of the idea , and warn caution over extremely preliminary work only . 
  this is mixed ? 
  this is r/everythingscience style submission . 
  yet this one gets marked as politics ? 
  if that 's how the criteria for marking topics on the subreddit stand , then there is not a single submission that shoud n't be marked as politics . 
  images on the front page are def more overtly political than this . 
  `` my history teacher just denounced evolution , and is having the class discuss . 
  i am on of the 5 people arguing for evolution . '', 
  submission , which is marked as science is certainly much more political than this . 
  if you want to fit in at this public school just become christian '' , that one really does n't seem to be about science , but rather about social , political issues like public education and separation of church and state . 
  yet that gets marked as science ?? 
  and this texts is certainly less about politics than `` religious leaders praise nigeria 's new anti-gay law , claim it 's ` god 's will ' '' , yet that one is marked as an lgbt issue , rather than as politics . 
  so reactions of politically significant organizations to a legislative text get categorized by the topic of the text , rather than as politics , even though they are literally politics , unfolding on the world . 
  and an immaculately dry scientific reporting is politics ? 
  wtf ? 
  well maybe , but then we ca n't be expecting anything . 
  we know there is n't any difference on a scale of 200 000 light years thx to 1987a supernova . 
  maybe millions make a difference . 
  then we might as well get the neutrinos a million years from now . 
  edit : though i read we know by the result of this supernova , and also to lesser precision by ground experiments , that the difference ca n't be 2 parts per billion https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/measurements_of_neutrino_speed#supernova_1987a . 
  so in 12 million years of travel , 1.59 days at most . 
  and this thing has been seen a few days ago - eg http://spaceweathergallery.com/indiv_upload.php?upload_id=93205, 
  of course it would ; energy does n't disappear . 
  they 'd emit whatever quantum mechanics allows them to emit , whilst respecting constraints like conservation of energy , charge , color , lepton number , baryon number etc. 
  so yes , you 'd get photons , various mesons that decay into more photons , neutrinos , electrons , positrons etc. 
  ie , all the quantum mess it can produce . 
  eh , pack of cheap and average cigs is below 4 $ here . 
  and that is expensive . 
  but rolling tobbaco + paper , filter is some 10 $ for 50g , which lasts me some 5 days , so its about 2 $ a day . 
  and while that 's less tobacco than a pack , the nic level is comparable to smoking a strong pack a day , which is what i do if i happen to buy prerolled . 
  so , pretty difficult to save anything by vaping when the analogue competition is so comparatively cheap . 
  luckly i found some cheap supplier of juice , and pay some 18 $ for 100ml , which lasts idk , under 2 months ( so let 's say 10 $ for 30 days or 1/3 $ a day ) . 
  last time i was checking those numbers , turned out i might start saving some money after half a year of vaping ... 
  but then i bought more equipment , so i guess that wo n't happen ... 
  i did make a bunch of bad deals initially , so i hope now i know better ... 
  i 'm not the same poster , check username . 
  i was just answering the questions both of you had . 
  sry if i came across as rude , was not my intention . 
  and that 's not even just about costs but about one 's life . 
  i 'm not that stingy else i would n't be vaping . 
  just noting that a breakeven in expenses can be much harder , slower to reach than in your calculation , in different places . 
  example of a more generic phenomena , a disease that produces a specific ( mouth ) smell , not of the experiment proper , where the obviously beneficial trait of smelling immune response in the sweat is measured . 
  the bad mouth smell from diabetes is simply a byproduct of the disease , need not be a trait that was selected for . 
  though one may think it would be beneficial for potential mates to recognise a condition with a genetic factor too . 
  and , a beneficial trait , like smelling an infectous disease , that also produces a neutral trait , like smelling a noninfectous one , could be selected for . 
  esp if easier than being able to distinguish between such cases . 
  well , it can be 15 $ for 20ml vs 9 $ of rolling tobacco and accessories , either of which last me some 5 days . 
  found some cheaper juice , wholesale prices i think , but if i had to buy in retail and locally , it would be like that . . 
   i value work being rewarded and the arts more than my own privacy . 
  i 've seen so very very few examples of actual arts being rewarded in the current system to buy this line or reasoning really . 
  in movies , basically anything of any artistic ambition was created via state subsidies and festival awards . 
  i 'd guess one would need to look back more than a century to see anything different in music too . 
  and even then it worked more via patronage system . . 
  and would i really need to even comment literature ? 
  so all that remains , that is actually overprotected by corporate monopolies , is just commercial kitch , or to put it less harshly , light entertainment . 
  this deserves no protection at all . 
  a tax on lack of taste even . 
  marriage can be a trap to the party lacking means . 
  say the division of labor in a relationship is such one stays at home dealing with kids while the other goes about working for their living . 
  lacking explicit cohabitation rights for alimony and such , that party can not divorce however odious that relationship might become to him or her . 
  but these kinds of rights can be regulated as stemming from cohabitation , not from a marriage , which is provable in courts . 
  ideally , this should be enough , and anything further should be covered by civil law , and a bundle of contracts . 
  rights stemming from marriage that one could n't have in either of those two ways are suspect , discriminating unmarried couples , single households , nonromantic arrangements of say elderly relatives willing to take care of each other and share a common household , polyamorous communities etc etc. 
  possibly a simple registry might be needed , to practically exercise rights in situations where litigation to prove one 's status would not be a practical option , like hospital or prison visitations , or benefits granted by a private entity , like insurance plans etc. 
  this too seems suspect , but at least , the registry if needed should n't require anything more than one signature each , with a signature by either to remove the entry . 
  no waiting period , no conditions of any kind etc. 
  a simple declaration of having established a common household with other people . 
  i really dislike the idea of it defaulting to family , having pretty bad relations with them , due to being a gay atheist . 
  why would i be legally inflicted with them for the rest of my life in completely unrelated inteactions ? 
  why would a random fact of biology - parenthood - have a legally privileged status at all ? 
   is this supposed to be a serious comment ? 
  the ability that some people have to sound presumptuous baffles me . 
  overstated for sure , just for the rhetoric contrast , but basically , yeah . 
  depends on the chemistry of the battery . 
  imr batteries ( lithium manganese oxide ) are considered safer ; less dangerous in the worst case scenario , and they are unprotected . 
  they come with a lower capacity , but as a potential advantage , they can typically deliver more current , enabling more power output , more vape . 
  if that 's someone 's thing . 
  i 'd still seek to find a ( preferably resettable ) fuse rated for burst current output one plans to put out with them , thus adding the kind of protection a protected battery would have . 
  for really ambitious power output , might not be trivial to find a strong enough fuse , but at least one is using a safer chemistry battery . 
  not risking a fire or explosion , just a melt and fumes . 
  icr batteries ( lithium cobalt dioxide ) , yeah should n't be used in a mechanical mod at least without them being protected . 
  or possibly at all . 
  and typically do n't go beyond 5 amperes in current output . 
  i 've seen , buried inside a discussion thread on ecr , a claim that a regulated mod , when using a higher voltage , hence needs less current for the same power ( wattage ) , and therefore saves the battery life , since its capacity is in ( current ) ampere-hours . 
  but this is dangerous nonsense - the power needs to come from somewhere - it is ultimately drawn from the battery , which has its defined discharge voltage curve , not changed by the fact its connected to some electronics . 
  the electronics can then `` shape '' it into a higher voltage but lower current signal , say by transforming it to the highest voltage setting and then pulsing it appropriately shortly , and smearing the signal , so as to create any intermediate setting . 
  so obviously no savings can be made but rather only losses in conversion . 
  i said dangerous because it might give someone the idea that his or her regulated mod is drawing less current from the battery than it is , because its output voltage is higher , for some power setting ( power being the product of current and voltage ), 
   you base what fruits of labor deserve protection by your own personal opinion of what is worthy ? 
  that 's how you read it ? 
  not at all . 
  copyright , being a state-granted monopoly incurred upon the free dissemination of so protected works , requires a justification in the public good it creates , and the poster above specifically justifies it by claiming this model rewards the production of art . 
  so , i 'm latching on to the notion of copyright regime being a boon to the arts , and claiming that this is not the case in practice . 
  if the public good of producing and rewarding art is the justification , it just does n't seem that copyright is a particularly effective in doing so , given the costs it , as any monopoly incurs , in comparison to other mechanisms states employ to reward artistic endeavors . 
  in actual practice , artistic work is rewarded through cultural state institutions , grants to freelancers and nongovernmental organizations , festivals , project funding in the civil sector on municipal , regional and state levels , various foundations , centers , libraries , theaters , public broadcasters , state or regional orchestras , opera houses , concert halls , etc. 
  art here is hardly defined by my choice of what 's worthy - its rather what the day-to-day job of a typical ministry of culture is . 
  their mechanisms for distributing the funds are certainly ultimately subjective , but by delegating it to the choices of culture insiders on boards of either the ministry directly , or producers of various institutions and festivals , rather than merely to the market , i do believe one obtains better results in the interest of artistic production and the artists .
