   the study said between 2009 and 2014 , the u.s. had 25 incidents of e-cigarettes exploding, 
   it stated lithium-ion batteries , which are used in electronic cigarettes , must be charged in accordance with the manufacturer 's instructions . 
  the study said if using a power source that is not approved by the manufacturer , recharging the battery can result in an explosion and fire . 
   of those 25 incidents that happened over the course of five years , 80 percent of the incidents happened while the electronic cigarette was being charged , and eight percent occurred when the electronic cigarette was being used . 
  still can be user error , if using devices with more than one battery but not buying 2 new ones to be used , charged and discharged exclusively for that puprose , but instead mixing and matching different batteries , and/or batteries of different age . 
  as i mentioned in the other response to you , think mechs made a lot of sense just a few years ago . 
  boxes were larger , less reliable , wasted a bit of power and cost more , while limiting in wattages they could give and ohms they could fire . 
  i believe a decent cartomizer on a mech was the first good vape the industry produced . 
  and if you 're building your own coils , you can hit a desired combination of coil mass , heat flux , wattage , coil surface etc just by how you make the coil , so all the regulation is giving you is basically an overpriced fuse . 
  today though , boxes are cheap and ridiculously capable , plus they offer tc , impossible on unregulated devices . 
  think its time to phase out mechs . 
  yeah , agreed ; i thought the numbers i was giving were clearly really really low . 
  ah well , interesting and possibly true , but you are exposing yourself to more aldehydes at least . 
  and flavors . 
  hell even pg/vg has n't been done with such constancy and such quantities before vaping to be too careless when consuming excessive amounts of it . 
  aldehydes and pg/vg were seen as closest to being of concern in the `` peering through the mist '' metastudy - not of huge concern to be sure , but enough to keep an eye out . . 
  its prob a better idea not to lower your nicotine to the point where you 're vaping much beyond say 3-4ml a day . 
  or , to lower it further w/o increasing consumption . 
  to an almost 2packs a day smoker ?? 
  i think he needs to go as high with nic as he can possibly find . 
  there 's time to cut down on the quantity when he gets over the craving . 
  else he 'd need to go through some obscene amounts of liquid and its still dubious if that 'd be satisfying . 
  hell , i rolled like 25 a day and still vaped like mad with 18mg for the first few weeks . 
  not surprised ego 's did n't work for you . 
  started with one as well , and did n't take me much to conclude they were shit . 
  now there are plenty of stronger options around , as you apparently know . 
  i 'd say satisfy your nic addiction properly , rather than trying to cut down too fast . 
  abstinence crisis is no fun , and increases your chances of relapse . 
  hence , contrary to a suggestion from another comment , i 'd suggest going with highish nic liquids , given that you 're almost a 2 packs a day smoker . 
  i made my transition with 18mg and was hand-rolling about 25 small cigarettes a day before . 
  still vaped way more than i liked initially . 
  i 'd say stick to a liquid that can satisfy your craving , and only then try lowering the nic levels slowly , w/o increasing your liquid consumption to crazy levels - just vaping huge amounts to get your nic needs makes no sense ; you 'll self-titrate to the desired nicotine blood levels anyhow , and just end up inhaling more shit along with it . 
  and it costs more ofc . 
  i 'd second using hg2 's as well . 
  you do n't need to approach those 10a too closely for the voltage drop to eat much of the difference in their duration anyway . 
  yeah , that sounds like a sensible plan . 
  i think you prob do n't need to go beyond 24mg ( or even anywhere that high actually ) , but i could be wrong - for one there 's prob a lot of individual differences , and it depends on the quantities inhaled - though you said you do n't want to go with a really heavy/cloudy subohm build . 
  i know really extreme smokers , like 3-4 + + packs a day , might easily need to go beyond 20mg , as this was one of the critiques against the eu limit of max 20mg when it was imposed . 
  but 2 packs is n't that extreme , just heavy . 
  you can prob find more than i know on this googling . 
  getting rid of cigarettes is no easy matter regardless of what method you use , but i am positive you can at least fight off the nic craving effectively with an ecig , possibly after some experimentation and research . 
  but he said he is n't going for a subohm build , but a higher resistance mtl one :, 
   great mtl tank with good prebuilt coils , not sure if there is much difference in the 1.6-1 .8 nautilus bvc ones . 
  ** i also have no interest in subohm ** and building ( yet ) . 
  edit : hell , i think pbusardo does 12mg after all these years , since he vapes mtl . 
  ah , yeah , i 've heard of that insane law . 
  but you can still order online from the rest of the eu , right ? 
  and y , w subohm you 'd go with less nic . 
  whatever version works for you to truly satisfy the nicotine craving , 
  but there are some hybrids with an isolation layer so that they do n't short if you make such a mistake . 
  hell , some universal hybrid top caps with isolation are sold on ft. . . 
  still has all the advantages in both profile and direct connection/lower voltage drop . 
  i do n't understand why this is n't the norm in the industry though . 
  in addition to this , there are concerns if the sweeteners in question are sucralose or ethyl vanillin . 
  think the worry was that sucralose could possibly degrade to certain cancerogens ( chloropropanols i think ) under reasonably moderate temperatures . 
  vanillin has otoh an exposure limit , that could be easily reached in normal vaping ( someone stated  5ml/day , but surely it depends on the juices etc ? ) . 
  do n't quite know exactly what it may do to you . 
  not so much if the sweetener is ethyl maltol . 
  so can this happen with any battery ? 
  should n't safer chemistry ones just vent even when shorted , unlike say a classic icr that would easily explode like this ? 
  allow me to put my skeptical hat on :, 
   we live in a world where tobacco kills thousands each year and it seems as the powerful people in the world are n't doing anything to stop it . 
  on the contrary , smoking has been progressively more tightly regulated and more highly taxed , and smoking in society is showing a healthy decline . 
  ads are banned , flavors are banned , warnings are getting larger and larger , and now slims will be banned , as will menthols . 
  one can easily see this as a public health success . 
  now ofc that still leaves many who are already addicted to cigarettes with few ways to escape . 
   we have e-cigs which save countless lives and their are more regulations then ever and they want to tax us into extinction !, 
  peer reviewed literature has not consistantly demonstrated that e-cigs are any more effective as a smoking cessation aid than traditional nrts . 
  and even those are often seen as abysmally ineffective . 
  moreover , the safety of e-cigs is similarly in doubt - like whether certain juices ( hello diketones , hi there sucralose ... ) cause worrying changes in cell cultures etc , or how do vaping styles influence aldehyde production ( early research - and you prob know which - was apparently unaware of there being such a thing as `` dry hits '' , even though it 'd only take asking a vaper to find out , but that 's research for you . . ), 
  the science has not settled on this still quite new devices to the extent that is nearly as comfortable to any sensible regulator to allow proscribing them as a smoking cessation aid , or allowing any such health claims , especially given that it appears to have just as good traditional nrt alternatives whose safety is better understood -- even if you 'd certainly have more than solid arguments to give that it very likely is both effective and safe . 
  moreover , it is up to the industry to demonstrate safety to the regulators , not for the government . 
  and tbh this industry seems rather shitty to me in doing anything of the sort , with a few exceptions ( like flavorarts testing of each flavor on cell cultures for a number of parameters ) . 
  edit : that is what it takes - going through every single ingredient , under various permutations of settings , and doing study after study , with industry-granted cash , to demonstrate safety . 
  and having an industrial alliance , fighting your own political battles in the halls of power . 
  not merely turning your customers into unpaid activists , and raising a bit of noise when the next odious law appears on the horizon . 
   these dumb people get injuries from their e-cig exploding if that 's less then a handful and thousands of lives die every year from cigarettes , i like my odds of smoking an e-cig any day !, 
  you and i do like the overall chances we 've got by using an e-cig . 
  but making these mass-produced high powered devices sufficiently idiot proof not to explode by simple user error is again a rather reasonable requirement , by the regulators , from the industry . 
  maybe what will take to get there is making only lipo mods , with no removable batteries ... 
  part of the changes in tpd . 
  though menthols will get a transitional period , i think up to 2022 or such . 
  their paper seems well aware of the elo differences , uses goratings etc. 
  though i 've not seen them categorically state that they 're sure to win either . 
  aya huang has been in silenzio stampa mode on the computer-go mailinglist these days , saying next to nothing on what they 're doing exactly . 
  i 've not seen anything to suggest they 're in any way incompetent , and at least some of their team have been in computer go world for many years . 
  both we and them have `` won '' even if they can win one game really , as we 'll get an interesting paper showing how to scale alphago 's algorithms maybe a stone and a half or two . 
  whether it can beat the very topmost humans just yet or not is hardly the main issue at stake imho . 
  using a coiler/making a better coil from the start helps , spacing the coil , and simply pushing it a bit less , heat flux-wise . 
  i did my last kanthal build like that to practice as i 'm buying a tc mod . 
  nothing particularly worse in doing it like that . 
  i do n't think usa was mentioned anywhere in the discussion . 
  honestly , while i 'll enjoy myself immensly watching them , i think the point has already been made . 
  whether its a bit weaker or a bit stronger than the top player is nitpicking ; we had a highly competitive match and it is able to come ahead something between 20 % - 100 % of the time , implying at least a comparable rank . 
  now the interesting thing will be reading deepmind 's paper on the improvements . 
  i ca n't wait to find out how the hell they made this scale further !, 
  sadly this is already being dismissed as just google throwing datacenters at the problem ... :( as if any algorithm to date , including alphago 's from 5 months ago could scale with just running on more hardware ... 
  but we 've had demonstrations of deep learning before ; that 's not what 's new here . 
  its a fascinating hybrid of monte carlo tree search and deep learning though , which might have great applications in planning . 
  i 've read the paper , in detail , but no that does n't explain this performance at all .
