  though the order of steps was irreparably f up, 
   mark it down , but it 's a self post , so good luck with that, 
  y , that 's why i was asking , i honestly did n't understand . 
   nvm , whatever it takes for ppl to vote :d, 
  y. but not all of them are votes , and he means to discount for users created during this drama , fearing vote-rigging . 
  still , as representative as a subreddit vote can get i guess . 
  ccc , that 's making the moves in the wrong order again i think . 
  if he wants this to fly in a vote ( and i conditionally do ) , he should have first taken that announced opportunity to defend the change . 
  true , but i can certainly see this issue being divisive regardless of age , or even personal interest in the imageposts . 
  seems to me a lot of the opposition 's fuel came from the way this was introduced , not necessarily by the change itself . 
  which i think was a valid complaint . 
  others were simply ideologically against ( much ) moderation , believing the voting system is more democratic . 
  which i disagree with ( has builtin biases that need compensating for imho ) . 
  further were concearned with the practicality of the new system , in submissions , in having a visually unappealing list , sans the image previews etc. 
  which i agree . 
  in short , i wish this were handled better , since i like where its going . 
  yet it created even more opposition that it need have . 
  false analogy, 
  i gather the argument was that imageposts were quicker to raise from new than a more substantial post due to the short window of opportunity for noticing a new submission , in which time one needed to read an article vs view a meme . 
  how would this apply to fairly equivalent walls of text ? 
  2 . reddit uses quite different algorithms for comments vs posts . 
  well , yes , and also there are various moderation policies across different subreddits . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're aiming at ? 
  moderation rules change also happen often enough on various subreddits . 
  though these were huge changes ( mod admits he did n't expect such a complete disappearance of imageposts , so unintended ) , and this was lacking the process that should be expected for changes of such magnitude . 
  either new forum or mod change are in short legitimate decisions , of the person or group of people , or alternatively , of the existing active users by a democratic vote after an appropriate discussion period . 
  latter did n't happen sadly . 
  now ** perhaps ** its within a moderator 's prerogative to showcase a change they 'd wish to permanently implement , but only as long as its perfectly clear this is only an experiment users can democratically reject . 
  but that 's not at all how this was presented or handled sadly . 
  but in the end , technically its mods who define the subreddit and its policies , any consultation is simply at their good will . 
  i have no knowledge of his past , first heard of the guy yesterday , so forgive me for not taking your word for it here . 
  well , idk , presuming you 're right , policy of r/atheism is clearly the more significant prize for anyone wishing to influence atheism content on reddit , in comparison to making just a less strict trueatheism , and you 're in no position to say what type of habbits another redditor should apply in his redditting . 
  and top mod chooses the moderators , and approves , revokes changes , removes mods etc. 
  which is n't jij . 
  so even if this change was what he 's been wanting to do for a while , and apart from not doing it that well , in terms of creating the necessary support for it , what makes you believe there 's something particularly wrong in wanting to do so ? 
  as i said , precedents for anything done here exist across reddit , except perhaps in how poor , human-relations-wise , it was executed here . 
  oh , please , now not treating mod policy as set in stone is immoral ? 
  wonder if a moral place ever existed , afk or online then . 
  oh right , sure , but for that , we need to see how this plays out . 
  he is n't in a position to act on his own , if the community is overwhelmingly against his chage . 
  uh , sry but this statement of yours, 
   results in the result set does not mean it will be counted, 
  ... really does n't make much sense - if you have the result set , you can count for yourself , no ? 
  well arguably someone believing in a `` universal spirit '' whatever that 's supposed to be , can be atheist , if he does n't believe in gods ( whatever the distinction is supposed to be ) . 
  well save that shitstorm for if it hits , for i do n't see how he might claim he released the full dataset as promised , whilst keeping some of the analysis parameters secret . 
  hm , i would n't give such blanket statements about the arguments and source of opposition to the changes , not having seen so much of the discussion , to judge if you 're not setting up a straw man yourself or not . 
  but as to your general point, 
   the people who are objecting to the changes are unreasonable as the christians they make fun of . 
  ppl are generally irrational . 
  just because one rejects a particular unsubstantiated claim need n't make one avoid some other emotionally charged fallacies . 
  3 . a ) by philosophy of science , i mean http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philosophy_of_science . 
  disbelief in buddhism you mean ? 
  its not any specific claim or idea that lead me to disassociate with the superstitions of that religion , simply some weeks spent listening to lectures that consider the issues of , say what ideas exist on the demarcation of science and pseudoscience , what causality even means , what is explanation , when can one say that a science reduces to another , when it replaces it , connection of statistical inference and scientific method ( an especially exciting idea given the importance of statistical models in machine learning ) , what is a valid reference , `` gruesome categories '' and others - brought into sharper focus doubts and problems i had with accepting unscientific claims and the general philosophical framework , and lack of evidence for such . 
  re what is required to justify a belief , noone was able to provide a completely unproblematic demarcation ( in other words , superstitions are just poor science ) . 
  there are however both institutional , social structures , and best practices obtained over centuries that have produced demonstrably powerful predictive frameworks , in the actual practice of science . 
  i 'd accept the results of a scientific field ( as a whole , if there are any ) , as the best guides/best current guesses at truth . 
  and would simply avoid presuming much beyond it . 
  as to what kind of criteria one might hope to find there , ideally , which really should be required for grand claims ( incoherent with a large body of knowledge ) , it would be a clear prediction , tested blindly , repetetably , producing a positive result ( ideally larger in magnitude , but not required , simply would give extra confidence ) with high statistical significance on a large dataset . 
  more predictions for extra robustness . 
  5 historical data is in principle certainly up for examination , for what we know of it is based on artiefacts , material or written , of the period . 
  each is a piece of evidence one way or another , and various techniques of archeological and textual analysis can be deployed to asses its internal and external consistency , as to its reliability . 
  much like any other science would treat its evidence - ofc the methodology is quite less robust than say , being able to require 5sigma statistical evidence as in particle physics , with large and numeric datasets . 
  and this is progressively worse the case in various social sciences , and indeed you can see fields with unsettled foundational questions , fractions in which are barely able to propose a single fact that 's accepted by the consensus in the field . 
  to the extent we can not be sure about the goings on in the life of napoleon , to that extent we are just ignorant of it - there is really nothing to dismiss ; we either know something ( facts , probabilities of facts , a range of possible scenarios ) or we just lack such knowledge . 
  luckily one need n't deal with the messiness of the demarcation in social sciences to find religious claims unacceptable , since they 're manifestly material . 
  origins of universe ( at lest , probably life and in some sense man as well ) , existence of a soul or mind separate from a brain , universal moral laws etc. 
  religious hypothesis either offers no predictive gain , whilst requiring a heavy ontological commitment ( origins ) , or is even simply in contradiction with the physics we know to be otherwise reliable in the relevant scale/regime . 
  we have not a shred of credible evidence for the supernatural of any kind . 
  after more than a century of investigating such claims , this research programme has not moved from trying to prove any phenomena even exist in its field ? 
  in case of claims of existence of deities , there 's not even an attempt at falsifiability , an arguable but fairly widely accepted mark of good science ( in its practice ) . 
  could be . 
  i was just commenting on his comparison , not on his position . 
  i think a strict agnostic position runs foul of occam 's razor . 
  i like the statistical formulation of occam 's razor :, 
  take a theory . 
  it has a set of premises , and some evidence supporting it . 
  evidence increases the chances of a theory being correct . 
  premise introduces chances of the theory being false . 
  if one were to add a premise which does not bring additional evidence to support it , it can only make the overall theory less likely . 
  so , presuming everything else you believe is well supported , and that belief in god is not additionally supported , then atheism is the better conclusion ( is more likely ) . 
  edit : which is why i 'm agnostic atheist . 
  not that i presume there is n't a god , but that not accepting claims w/o additional evidence gives more likely theories . 
  and god premise plays no part in anything testable , so i can leave it out . 
  i completely agree ; its totally inappropriate , and is not the only thing happening recently that 's been a disappointment to me regarding the tolerance and reason of fellow r/atheist users . 
  from the con side , its the conspiracy mongering and the witch-hunt . 
  and this is no better :, 
   a fitting sub title for your inhumane , grandiose self-entitlement . 
  i 've also seen someone from the pro side speaking about `` fundamentalist atheists '' who came flocking back to support this ? 
  wtf , does this place really need to degrade into such adhominems and outright insults , merely on the ( fairly natural , given its size ) disagreement on what kind of place r/atheism should be ?? 
  this is supposed to be a large , open , introductory site , and the near-total loss of mocking images etc after this change has been a surprise , and not a welcome one , given the role of it in this ecosystem . 
  otoh , i did n't like where this sub was headed since about the time it became the default sub , so on a personal level , i do find its content better after the change ( that 's why i voted compromise , sry ) . 
  / r/trueatheism looks impoverished visually , and `` no disrespectful posts '' , `` no posts singling out an individual or group for being bigoted , intolerant '' rules are a complete dealbreaker to me - satire is wonderful tool and i was never a particularly respectful person . 
  seems to me the vote is 2/3 reject so i believe this sub needs to go back to how it was . 
  i just hope the thousand voters approving these changes will create a sub that 's the middle ground between old / r/atheism and / r/trueatheism these changes were trying to create ( an overshoot ) . 
  hm , maybe there should be an overarching exbeliever sub , since prob many experiences of deconversion in intolerant families etc are not much different from faith to faith, 
  if / r/atheism changes fail , which i think is likely , i really think a new sub , less restrictive than / r/trueatheism needs to form . 
  or alternatively , would / r/trueatheism consider loosening the rules ? 
   they have been posting statements incorrectly assuming that / r/atheism is really a community . 
  it is n't . 
  sry but this is n't any better than the `` this is a coup of christians to placate r/atheism '' conspiracies from the con side .
