  fine , but that does n't describe any cyclone . 
   the ocean floor was flat, 
  ridiculous and made up . 
  even a casual swim in the mediterranean discovers cliffs and large rock formations . 
  biblical source : `` the valleys of the sea were exposed and the foundations of the earth laid bare at the rebuke of the lord , at the blast of breath from his nostrils . '', 
  and `` to the roots of the mountains i sank down ; the earth beneath barred me in forever . 
  but you brought my life up from the pit , o lord my god . '', 
  are roots of mountains mountainous necessarily ? 
  and valleys of the sea , is this sea being a valley or valleys are there valleys in the sea ? 
  anyhow there 's really no science about seafloor geography here . 
   sick people must be bled, 
  perhaps refers to the practices under the later helenistic theory of humorism , of which blood is but one . 
  they also practiced purging and sweating , depending on what they thought was wrong exactly . 
  this post-dates the bible , and hardly boils down to bleeding every sick person anyhow . 
  there really is n't any scientific theory of blood or disease at this period anywhere . 
  everything else in this row is simply wrong - blood is the source of life and heath is supposed to be the modern view of science ? 
  except for all those organisms , each plant etc , that does n't have blood . 
  and transfusion itself is hardly a therapy in itself , generally . 
  here one would basically expect the dead would rise with it , as stated ( source of life ) . 
  on the other hand practices emphasizing the importance of blood were widespread in many cultures . . 
  biblical source : `` for the life of a creature is in the blood , and i have given it to you to make atonement for yourselves on the altar ; it is the blood that makes atonement for one 's life . '', 
  certainly this is false - life of a creature is n't in the blood . 
  life is n't even a thing . 
   creation is made of indivisible elements, 
  not exactly the modern view , since it does n't involve a creation nor even a moment in time of any kind that fixes the number of particles , but anyhow atomism at least is one of the oldest notions around . 
  ever heard of democritus ? 
  biblical source `` by faith we understand that the universe was formed at god 's command , so that what is seen was not made out of what was visible . '', 
  ... and this oblique sentence is supposed to be a statement of atomism . 
  where 's the part about indivisible particles , ie a statement claimed to be here ? 
   ocean contains springs, 
  for once the scientific part is true - people really did n't think there are any springs in the sea floor . 
  yet there are, 
  biblical quote `` have you journeyed to the springs of the sea or walked in the recesses of the deep ? '', 
  this is n't saying there are springs in the sea , put rather that seas themselves comes from a spring ( spring of the sea is about its source , not springs in the sea ) . 
  maybe they 're above surface - ie springs of rivers feeding the sea ? 
  ca n't tell by this passage . 
  well anyhow that 's false ; ironically the ancient scientific view here is a much better explanation for the vast bulk of the water mass in the seas - feeding back into it in the hydrological cycle via rivers and rain . 
  hm , i understood prt to be competitive ( and possibly superior , in effective capacity as well as obviously comfort ) on the scale of urban transport ( vs light rail def ; now i think this holds vs subways as way ) , but never saw it compared with long distance inter-city rail lines . 
  does n't seem plausible due to the speeds and economies of scale involved - could you link plz ? 
  a da idem nesto postati , ne vidim koji je dobitak da je na faceu/g + etc vs cisto svoj blog negdi staviti i par rss/atom feedova drugih eventualno zakaciti . 
  communitiji imaju i planet agregatore , poneki su dobri . 
  jasno manje ljudi to koristi , al time je i bolji signal/noise ratio . 
  fala na referenci , ne kuzim kako sam to failao izgooglati kad sam trazio dobru za peace of mind u slucaju eventualnog major life sranja . 
  think it boils down to his homoerotic poetry . 
  an example :, 
  my lover stole my heart , just over there, 
  -- so gently !, 
  -- and stole much more , my life as well . 
  and there , all promise , first his fine eyes fell, 
  on me , and there his turnabout meant no . 
  he manacled me there ; there let me go ;, 
  there i bemoaned my luck ; with anguished eye, 
  watched , from this very rock , his last goodbye, 
  as he took myself from me , bound who knows where . 
  sufficiently discomforting to the times that his grandnephew changed the pronouns . 
  have n't studied the matter before ; indeed the interest in the question posed by the poster above made me want to check and comment . 
  another fairly obvious i found was one of the epigrams to cecchino dei bracci , his much younger pupil , apparently 16 when he died ( he apparently wrote 40-something epigrams for him ), 
  the flesh now earth , and here my bones ,, 
  bereft of handsome eyes , and jaunty air ,, 
  still loyal are to him i joyed in bed ,, 
  whom i embraced , in whom my soul now lives . 
  but , would this be cecchino speaking from the grave or ? 
  hopefully sve to i stici u 5 godina . 
  you jest , but castrati were quite a sex symbol in their time . 
  hm , but i gather russia routinely ignores the numerous echr verdicts against it anyhow . 
  soo , how does this work ? 
  i 'm an ( inexperienced ) ks backer , will i be mailed some dl link or what ? 
  edit : nvm , found this http://redthreadgames.com/forum/topic/319-how-to-claim-a-humble-page-forum-badge/ , seems to be downloading . 
  nix torrent did n't exist , said the server , so tough on them , i 'll be downloading direct . 
  they should 've sent the link and the announcement via mail , i should n't have to periodically check what 's happening with them . 
  edit2 : damn , i sound unenthusiastic here -- ignoring the undestandable hiccups at launch , a minor thing , woohoo , ca n't wait the 100 % dl mark !, 
  al fun . 
   ako nisi ba\u0161 , preporu\u010dujem `` basic category theory for computer scientists '' od benjamina c. piercea . 
  how did they even collect the data to this level of granulatiry ? 
  must be some huge poll to get representative samples of each of those places , right ? 
  4 may mean nicotine itself . 
  dubious - strictly speaking wrong - but still , not completely without basis . 
  and ofc vape itself has some quantities of things like formaldehyde , def cancerogenic . 
   research over the last decade has identified nicotine 's carcinogenic potential in animal models and cell culture . 
  [ 52 ] [ 53 ] [ 54 ] indirectly , nicotine increases cholinergic signalling ( and adrenergic signalling in the case of colon cancer [ 55 ] ) , thereby impeding apoptosis ( programmed cell death ) , promoting tumor growth , and activating growth factors and cellular mitogenic factors such as 5-lox , and egf . 
  nicotine also promotes cancer growth by stimulating angiogenesis and neovascularization . 
  [ 56 ] [ 57 ] in one study , nicotine administered to mice with tumors caused increases in tumor size ( twofold increase ) , metastasis ( nine-fold increase ) , and tumor recurrence ( threefold increase ) . 
  [ 58 ] n-nitrosonornicotine ( nnn ) , classified by the iarc as a group 1 carcinogen , is produced endogenously from nitrite in saliva and nicotine . 
  and your argument on 2 is not that airtight - vape contains a large spectrum of molecules too - contaminants of ingredients or products of heating , coils , wicks , from arcolein , various polycyclic hydrocarbons to metals , and all it takes is for some nasty thing to be too high and you 're screwed . 
  nuw luckly there 's decent research on the matter overwhelmingly showing this not to be the case . 
  title prob could n't squeeze in the part about them hearing it `` frequently or often '' . 
  and i was just about to say i expected surely pretty much everyone has overheard some homophobe at some point or another ; and as long as there are any around that wo n't change ... 
  but the actual fact in the infographic is fairly depressing indeed . 
  well it is quite different . 
  for eg nicotine blood levels do n't shoot up nearly as quickly . 
  similar enough to be an effective aid to many quitters though . 
  there 's supposed to be a study on such variables soon - but ofc vaping less must be better than more . 
  aerosol really . 
   it is unclear how or whether this regime could be applied to an existing member state though , perhaps , it suggests that it could be possible provided the restrictions work in both directions . 
  i to ovdi opisuje . 
  cisti sf . 
  i love the videos ; watching the rest of them . 
  clear , succinct and reasonable . 
  you have a good point re skipping relevant textual points in favor , but this is unfair :, 
   sums up his rationale for disagreeing with it by basically saying that grrm does n't conform to tropes .
