  getting the summary of some series on my ptw when deciding what to watch next is quick as well , as opposed to clunky web of mal . 
  its an overall far faster experience than using mal interface . 
  i do n't see how or why nikolay would know anything more than we do on the matter of publishing schedules ; he 's just an actor . 
  so nah , he 's just pulling it out of his ass . 
  but he said he wo n't play any silly games with twow 's publishing . 
  so no . 
  the heroic legend of arslan 's original work is not the recent manga by arakawa . 
  hell , there 's an arslan ova from the 90 's . 
  rather , the manga itself is a ( second , there already being another manga by chisato nakamura ) adaptation of yoshiki tanaka 's light novel . 
  that 's the creator of legend of the galactic heroes , tytania . 
  see discussion of the new manga adaptation http://myanimelist.net/forum/?topicid=600191, 
  oh , interesting !, 
  thx for the info , and for adding the clarification in the spread . 
  hm , i really loved it . 
  it would 've been shit w/o a proper [ ] ( / s `` tragedy '' ) to wrap it up . 
  but ofc its totally incomplete . 
  i think honesty is generally outside the realm of politics :d, 
  nah , its only got some extra functionality regarding autorecognizing what you watch or whatever related to downloading . 
  but i do n't use that either . 
  i stream my anime too . 
  that means selecting from a dropdown to mark an anime as `` currently watching '' , and clicking a plus button to up the episode count on those . 
  still much quicker than the web ui . 
  so why is is about boku no pico every time and not about any other one ? 
  eg last one i enjoyed was enzai , and that included significant amounts of boy rape fantasies . 
  bunch . 
  of shows , prob flcl tops the lists . 
  other contestants would be usagi drop , logh prequels , haibane renmei , mawaru penguindrum , utena , bakemonogatari , and perhaps maison ikkoku or touch . 
  of movies , well kaguya , wind rises , colorful , wolf children , mind game . 
  but if i 've got till tomorrow , i 'd have a fighting chance of watching a few of those before it ends . 
  though maybe i 'd choose watching some of the live action movies i regret not seeing yet instead , there 's plenty of those as well . 
  trying to finish a book or a longer series would be rather hopeless , so it may actually be a rather good way of spending one 's last day of life . 
  binging . 
  rofl , what a way to go . 
  i like it . 
  heh , ca n't seem to remember exactly . 
  i mean its got scenes of forced anal sex , but how graphically does it depict the genitalia , i do n't really remember . 
  i think it does n't , though . 
  well , it was rather good imho , yes , but then again i have n't seen many yet to compare with . 
  yeah , i would too , but think its a censorship thing with japan . 
  that 's why tentacles were popular - they clearly are n't human genitalia , which would be forbidden . 
  y , i 'd expect some good end of the world parties to be happening as well . 
  drinking and whoring ( for a change ) could be more fun than binging on yet another anime . 
  maybe ... 
  i 'd def try heroin though . 
  well , a divorced couple can share custody over a child so technically , no . 
  have n't tried that one , so no idea . 
  thx for the ref , i 'll check it out . 
  heh , well i do have some plans of trying bdsm and the slave role eventually :d, 
  gods i hope not . 
  but then again kaiba lost so, 
  i binge watched mushishi too . 
  re natsume , its on hold for me . 
  mostly because madara is just silly . 
  again i 'm trying and again i 'm having real troubles with planetes . 
  15 episodes done . 
  in the last one [ ] ( / s `` a woman was unable to get at will divorce but had to not see the person for 5 years . 
  at all . '' ), 
  and one near before that [ ] ( / s `` a minor manager could dictate private lives of their employees and order a moratorium on office affairs . 
  and asking permission for your relationship from the parents is a thing . '' ), 
  and all this is taken as harmless or world-building . 
  idk are things really that terrible in japan , or are the scriptwriters just really lazy . 
  as a gunbuster fan , diebuster was quite a disappointment . 
  it went from subtle references to yang-mills conformal gauge theories , to pretending earth is more massive than 10 % of jupiter . 
  and instead of kerr black holes , event horizons crack like an eggshell , as if they had substance and could leave a naked singularity . 
  i really felt insulted by comparative stupidity of its sf . 
  and oh , the fanservice . 
  and instead of doing whatever it takes to survive , earth needs preserving for whatever reason ... 
  so they 're perfectly characterized bad ( ie flawed ) characters :-d, 
  meh only the most extreme prudes would be . 
  watching an average hbo show will prob include far more explicit - not to mention , not animated - scenes than anything non-hentai anime is willing to show , and this is normally watchable in public . 
  gay magical boy with a murderous pink koala ?? 
  mal never heard of such show . 
  why would n't it be , are we stuck in victorian england or someplace equally heinous ? 
  in fact a rather sweet young couple did watch it on a bus ride one row in front of me a year or so ago . 
  nobody blinked . 
  hell its hardly different from movies the bus driver is likely to play for the passengers anyhow . 
  i 'll be abstaining , not having seen either yet , but afaik colorful is rather respected movie as well . 
  does haibene really win in that matchup ? 
  hmm , well but imdb has it at 3 wins and 4 nominations , with things like best animated film nomination from 11 ' japanese academy awards , best screenplay win on tokyo anime awards , and a couple of wins and a nomination for best feature on annecy festival . 
  most anime get no or very limited recognition of this sort . 
  idk how well it compares , but sounds damn promising . 
  still , to try and give it the benefit of doubt , maybe its just a minor translation issue ? 
  obv they had victories in individual conflicts here and there during the war - and people who lead those temporarily victorious forces . 
  maybe the orig just said something about them and then someone screwed up in say translation or editing or whatever ? 
  even turned off ? 
  y , that 'd truly be horrible , not to get aroused by an anime . 
  you can not imagine how difficult a chore it is to watch this being gay ( as i am ) - all that fanservice that does nothing to you . 
  anyhow , the picture alone barely qualifies - all you get to see is a stupid headtilt . 
  could 've been from spice and wolf for as much as it says about the series . 
  yet its enough for someone to even empasize how they 'd never watch anything that might possibly contain such a scene . 
  is n't the entire point of making such a comment - as opposed to simply not watching the show - to pass judgement on such content ? 
  do you normally leave comments of the kind `` what anime is that ? 
  for i need to make sure i 'll never watch it '' . 
  so narrowminded , seems merely such a prudish comment . 
  you do n't have any basis to claim a logh society is likely to be any more gender balanced than today is - though your logic might well apply to star trek , it being a rather utopian vision of the future . 
  logh worlds on the other hand went through periods of flawed democracy and dictatorship , and fpa of story time is rather obviously anything but perfect is no many ways . 
  why would you expect it to be highly achieved in the realm of gender equality ? 
  tldr in particular this is something you basically simply pulled out of your ass :, 
   the gender breakdown of any show attempting to depict an at least normative future where notions of equality are considered sacrosanct , as they are in the fpa , ought to end up aiming for a rough gender parity . 
  consider how diverse the position of women is in various societies and how little this has to do with either a mechanical basis of the economy or military , or the relative popular participation in group decision-making .
