  samo da je i to opcija , da nije samo il koalicija il nista . 
  nismo to jos imali al dogadja se . 
  vlada bez vecine u parlamentu . 
  i to je to , nista dalje s tom vladom ne bi u principu morao imati . 
  ha , super , sta ima da ti polomi rebra , ko je vidio da neke potrese mozga okvalificiras nekakvim nanosenjem icega . 
  brilliant . 
  ima to potencijala ; odbijes platiti nego odlezis u zatvoru , pa mos u cv staviti neki vremenski period sa necim ala : went to prison for being beaten up - no facts of the matter were contested by the police ; that was the full official extent of my crime . 
  jos ako si gay so you can work that angle too ... 
  sure , i could also choose to have faith in aether , and insist michelson -- morley was just not sensitive enough to detect our relative motion through it . 
  problem is not only is such faith generally unmotivated ( there 's many conclusions one could choose to leap to and stick to no matter what reason tells you about the matter at hand ) , it is generally seen as the exact wrong move when one is searching for any truth ; a person with the stance as above would pretty much be disqualified from making any relevant inputs to the progression of our knowledge . 
  sounded like he had something more substantive in mind at first . 
  like he was trying to establish the inconstancy of scientific conclusions as an epistemic failing . 
  next move would be to argue for an epistemic superiority of christianity , no ? 
  op well if he wanted a discussion on the philosophy of science , there was one to be had there on the matter of inconstancy . 
  you could , i think with khun , insist on the incommensurability of different paradigms , but equally a case could be made for a cumulative progression of science , deepening what is known , rather than throwing out the old and bringing in the new . 
  one flies to the moon calculating newton 's trajectories after all ; the domain of its validity was defined with the discoveries of einstein , to a regime of motion at low speeds in comparison to the speed of light , and with relatively weak gravitational fields . 
  this is a new discovery adding to and deepening our understanding of physics , but not really an abandonment of classical physics , as is evident from its continued broad use and validity of such results . 
  so even such a rare radical reorientation of a fundamental field was hardly an abandonment of knowledge already established and acquired . 
  consequently one might have confidence certain facts about the world we know today will never be shown to be false . 
  prob not the most fundamental level of our theories , these are comparatively fluid , but a couple of layers above , we 've got good candidates . 
  periodic table of elements etc. 
  i 'll leave the issue of who is evil or not for you to decide . 
  not many in this manga would qualify as just merely evil in my book . 
  but you just claimed sasuke is also insane ; that seems incorrect regardless - he has a clear reason , and you could try relating to it . 
  he 'll attempt to get the world rid of these wmd , even if the cost for that is gambling further with his own life and killing naruto . 
  in the interest of peace , or stability at least . 
  just because infinite tsukuyomi was defeated this time around does n't ensure a new kaguya or kaguya-like shinobi could n't do something similar in the future , as long as tb exist on this world . 
  and if it happens once , game over . 
  i share your concern . 
  not sure what a good way to deal with it is though . 
  is banning complete face coverings in public really an appropriate response ? 
  wo n't that just make such women stay home ? 
  could n't i have a legitimate reason to cover my face in public , say at a protest , maybe to protect myself from teargas or later prosecution ? 
   how far down does this bullshit regress ? 
  right , so if one universe can be a 100 % simulation , than in that universe one should be able to make a simulation run a simulation and so on in infinity . 
  but wait , the computer in the real universe ca n't have infinite resources needed to run an infinite number of nested simulations . 
  even on general principles , from considerations in the field of black hole thermodynamics - there is a well-known theoretical limit as to how much information can fit into a given volume - balkenstein bound , and a corresponding limit on computational speed , bremermann 's limit . 
  so it would need to be the case that simulating a universe with perfect detail everywhere would require resources comparable to the mass , matter and volume of the universe one is simulating . 
  this i think for the most part excludes the scenario - one could certainly make private universes that behave consistently with quantum mechanics when analyzed , but either these are cheating quite a lot , in which case catching the violation of the laws is a possibility and this scenario is a testable empirical prediction , at least in principle , or are taking up gargantuan proportions of the mass , energy of the originator universe in order to have to cheat less . 
  why such an investment would be worthwhile is hard to guess , when you could make cheapo `` classical '' versions if the purpose is just personal escapism , but regardless , it would make such simulation universes less numerous in the total multiverse ensamble , lowering the likelihood we 're in one . 
  since to make a new one would basically require converting the comparable portion of the progenitor into a device running it , one could basically discount these empty simulation universes that do nothing but run another simulation universe from the count . 
  so we can seek violations of quantum mechanics in gargantuan quantum information systems ourselves , and raise our confidence we 're probably not in one ourselves in proportion to the magnitude of the tests this one passes . 
  oh , interesting bit re simulations of nematodes - but i 'm presuming these are n't done on a level of fundamental particle physics , which is what 's needed for this scenario . 
  wonder how detailed the model is nevertheless - could you link ? 
   non-secularists ... atheist government employees such as myself, 
  um , you got that backwards did n't you ? 
  a non-secularist would be something like a dominionist , or a theocrat no ? 
  someone opposed to having the state be secular ? 
  what exactly happens to the kid who ignores the pledge-giving ? 
  just reads a textbook during the time or something . 
  it should really be far more precise than this :d, 
  why would you distinguish bon , while counting it a school of buddhism , from vajrayana , on the level of only distinquishing the 3 yanas ? 
  if identified as buddhism , surely bon is a subdivision of tibetan buddhism , as a 6 . school . 
  also something iches me on divisions that take mahayana - a diverse set of schools with their own histories , varjayana - again a diverse set of schools with differing histories and theravada - which is only one of many early buddhist schools , though the only one of the early schools still surviving devoid of mahayana , varjayana elements . 
  there 'd need to be traditionally 18 of them , or certainly a few major branchings - mah\u0101s\u0101\u1e43ghika from sthavira , sarvastivada from vibhajyav\u0101da , progenitor of theravada , some perhaps sister-branchings of k\u0101\u015byap\u012bya , dharmaguptaka , mah\u012b\u015b\u0101saka , and some daughters of sarvastivada , the sautrantika , vaibashika , with some relationship with m\u016blasarv\u0101stiv\u0101da . 
  also what about the various orthodox \u0100stika hindu schools and religious movements ? 
  what about other heterodox n\u0101stika traditions apart from jain and buddhist , like the materialist c\u0101rv\u0101ka or the \u0100j\u012bvika ? 
  i think just like there would be an interesting rich branching in christianity - you could distinguish the nestorian church of the east , the oriental orthodox , the eastern orthodox , catholic , old catholic , and various subclasses of protestantism - at the very least say lutheran , calvinist , anglican , anabaptist . . on the very earliest period , the adoptionists , the arianist , the marcionist could deserve a mention too . 
  right it certainly is , though i ca n't see how this makes it non-buddhist , since whatever its mixed with , still it replicates not only generically buddhist teachings , but specifically nyngma teachings to high fidelity . 
  its canon is mosty a fairly blatant copy-paste of the nyngma canon . 
  and interestingly , some analysis claims to show parts of it have an earlier buddhist source as well - an independent and somewhat earlier central asian transmission of vajrayana buddhism to tibet . 
  but regardless ( noticed i hedged on that above , stating - if identified as buddhism ) , be it a subschool of a subbranch or something different altogether , it certainly is n't a fourth yana of buddhism , to stand alongside mahayana , vajrayana and the \u015ar\u0101vaka buddhism . 
  i guess it would need to have dashed lines leading from vajrayana and central asian shamanism and a separate icon , like say scientology to be shown as a unique mix . 
  mid-20s slip-up from atheism into buddhism , mostly . 
  it 's actually quite similar in terms of harm to an ecig ( link points to this too ) - possibly a bit worse , but otoh with a far longer studied large sample to make the assessment less uncertain . 
  our good ally writes this in support of removing snus bans , from a public health perspective - http://www.clivebates.com/?p=434, 
  right , agreed . 
  you could note the number there quoted puts snus somewhere between 4 and 7 on the scale linked here ( 1/25 to 1/14 of the risk of smoking ) . 
  nene , ovo u navodnicima je isto kardinalovo , i totalno out of this world . 
  interpretacija dalje je beskerova da , al isto mislim da je fora . 
  a znas , mercator je imao neko jeftino srpsko tostirano bezmasno sojino brasno koje sam trazio svukuda po gradu , kauflandi , interspari , konzumi , dmovi whatever , i nigdi drugdi nisam vidio . 
  ma ne vidim zasto bi to bilo optimalno - mislim da je sasvim optimalno da ih ponesto i ima ; ako neko ima nekih moralnih prepreka abortiranju , nek naprosto ne abortira . 
  sta ikog ovlascuje da govori sta je drugima tu optimalno ? 
  koliko god se vec moze , super . 
  vidi aktualnu britansku inicijativu na tom tragu - evo sukreator haskella o tome http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/simonpj/papers/cas/computingatschoolcacm.pdf, 
   computer science is a proper , rigorous school subject discipline , on a par with mathematics or chemistry , that every child should learn from primary school onwards . 
   this is a pretty radical claim . 
  head teachers , parents , civil servants , and politicians all think of computer science , if they have heard of it at all , as a niche subject appropriate for socially - challenged male university students , but way beyond the scope of a school , let alone primary school . 
  in so far as they think of computing as a school subject at all , it is as a technology subject equipping students with useful life or employment skills , and certainly not as a subject discipline like physics . 
   the cas curriculum is careful to make two distinctions . 
  first , computer science is not primarily about computers . 
  the famous aphorism ** `` computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes '' ** , widely attributed to dijkstra , slightly overstates the case , but it has the right idea . 
  os hypeati facebook za to , whatever ako pali . 
  idk ... 
  nego kao rigoroznu , fascinantu , intelektualno izazovnu disciplinu , on its own . 
  nobody denies haskell 's module system is rudimentary . 
  finally an initiative to change this is under way , google backpack . 
  re typeclasses , some opinions are against them , there was some recent discussion on them here . 
  seek those out to hear the other side of the story . 
  eg edward kmett gives a strong case for typeclasses , narrowly used , and moreover precisely for the reasons here stated as being their failings , like having global confluence , coherence . 
  sry i hope i gave enough info here for you to find your way , usually i do the googling and history searching and put links , but i 'm sleepy now and i think you can do this as well . . 
   u medicini , prevencija je optimalna . 
  right ; pomislio sam da na to cilja . 
  drugo kontekst clanka je - moralni prigovor , i to tudjim abortusima . 
  still in the future i gather , but i read an algal biorefinery typically needs quite co2 enriched air for best yields . 
  that 'd be a way to recycle it for a few rounds before releasing it at least . 
  and get a wide spectrum of potential products besides electricity from it . 
  both could be true simultaneously . 
  though i 've never seen atheism paraphernalia on a person , so idk . 
  mah , sa trecom najvisom stopom nezaposlenosti https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bwmdbhtiqaa5hjo.jpg:large , trecom najvisom stopom nezaposlenosti mladih https://d28wbuch0jlv7v.cloudfront.net/images/infografik/normal/chartoftheday_1524_youth_unemployment_still_unrelenting_in_europe_b.jpg i upornom najnizom stopom zaposlenosti u eu ( ajd ustvari nas je tu grcka za zericu prestigla ) https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bn_kt1xccaaphil.jpg:large https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bn_l8qpicaa8jtc.jpg:large , kao i trecom najslabijom kupovnom moci u eu http://www.eureporter.co/frontpage/2014/06/18/consumption-per-capita-amongst-member-states-highest-rate-was-nearly-triple-the-lowest/ , ma nemamo para i ovako i onako , sigurno ne za dobro il pristojno drzavno bilo sta .
