   they 're not trying to grandstand or make some point about it , which you seem to be implying . 
  i 'm pretty sure the majority of christians that would say such a thing are n't thinking about anything except offering what comfort they can , in whatever way they know how . 
  yeah . . and that norm bothers me a bit . 
  if i just suffered a loss , maybe i too would wish to punch some faces after such basically involuntary assertions of their beliefs , after hearing a bunch of them - even moreso because these were just repeated christian platitudes rather than something where my feelings , which are supposedly being consoled , were taken into account when formulating . 
  sure , they do n't mean anything bad by this , and its the thought that matters so one would let it slide , but to simply presume mentioning prayers would convey any extra meaning to another than simply saying you 're sorry , which is presumably a true and a sufficient expression , eh , i wish people could find more appropriate avenues for their beliefs , then invoking them in most sensitive moments of another person 's life . 
  and not mention them where not certainly shared . 
  and i do n't resent them believing or acting out any of their beliefs here , merely my implied participation in their beliefs , by being expected to value and take comfort or expect aid from their concrete practices or beliefs . 
  so a christian offering condolences and simply spurred for having a belief or practicing a practice is no analogy at all . 
  why would the chosen expressions need to be something specifically christian though , in a pluralist environment , which seems a reasonable default ? 
  seems kinda like an atheist phrasing a condolence like `` not existing anymore , he can no longer feel or think anything , so being dead does n't hurt him '' , as opposed to another christian platitude , of him being with dead relatives in heaven . 
  yeah that 's what they think , and if it was meant well , you 'd let it slide , if you had the minimum energy for tolerance , but the atheist could also have been more tactful about it knowing you have a different view on their fate , or even simply not being sure , default to this possibility . 
  hm , how double ? 
  say 10 % is gay , 10 % is bi , you 've got 90 % of the opposite gender a theoretical possibility , as before , plus 20 % of the same gender , 110 % , which is only bit more than a fifth more . 
  well for a long time in church 's history , abstinence was generally promoted as preferable to any sex . 
  monogamous sex , as little and as non-extravagant as possible to procreate , only as second-best . 
  why is there a specific kind of natural laws we somewhat know is a different question from , how this universe started out . 
  a physicist would care for the latter . 
  by your description , seems he was admirably answering that . 
  i 'm not sure why anyone would care for the former ; what predictions could it possibly give ? 
   there must be a larger reason that anything exists at all, 
  not sure why . 
  would n't nothing at all existing require reasons as well ? 
  questions should stop at the point where the answers are of no epistemic use , for there 's always room for another `` why '' otherwise . 
   wwi started with austria-hungary declaring war on july 28 , ** 1941 . 
  uh , what ? 
  i just took it as the nature of the speech - it was all more strategic and long-term , and about core technologies or developments . 
  he still hyped vr and hmds and spoke how revolutionary this is . 
  only did n't mention specific companies and products by name . 
  well , he did speak of new consoles and of intel by name ... 
  its an election promise they 've been announcing and then postponing for almost two years now , but its bound to happen before the end of their term , i hope . 
  you could make a better point if your example was , them thinking the sun revolved around the earth . 
  but with this one , you 'd have to go idk how far into the bce 's to get to that `` some point in time '' . 
  where it becomes manifestly ridiculous to suggest anyone could be called a scientist in anything like the modern sense . 
  he 's probably just exaggerating . 
  a sensible point would be - already since antiquity , the educated opinion disagreed that the earth was flat . 
  nah , that would be only true if they lived in a democracy . 
  actually it theoretically might , if that were the will of the majority . 
  that would be a socialist democracy of some kind , with property rights simply abolished , and distribution of goods assigned in some other , central planning manner . 
  w/o listening to it , and the article linked does n't clarify - did she mean that gay people should be given hormone shots , ie ala turing , or that gay ppl in fact do so on their own , to remain gay or whatever ? 
  where do such people that pry and offer opinions on what another in line bought live anyhow ? 
  i 've never seen anyone giving a fuck if another was buying bottled baby brains or dinner ; all anyone wants is for you to hurry up so its their turn . 
  i may be a cynic from partly growing up in a communist , partly in an authoritarian regime , but damn if this does n't sound ridiculously naive re the nature of political power . 
  its nice to have corroborating evidence so you can try and pressure your government into some change using some facts rather than just hunches , but did anyone honestly believe nsa or some other agency was n't doing something of this sort ? 
  is n't that what such services are for , for fuck 's sake ; ie , to spy on people in order to protect the government ? 
  do these guys actually believe in the propaganda they 've been fed about democracy and whatnot ? 
  i 've not met such a trusting person afk tbh . 
  idk , maybe these guys are just using it to make a political statement , and raise awareness with this move ... 
  and outrage over this has been burying r/technology since the mess became public . 
  yet most i 've gotten on this from say ppl in the newspaper i work in was , `` no kidding / s '' ... 
  i agree almost completely . 
  what irritates me here though is the implied intimacy in any such exchange . 
  this guy is not his highschool friend , and that 's not a merely generational thing . 
  i 'm not nor do i want to be friends with any random strangers , i generally want to be left the fuck alone . 
  so if i 'm being bothered with other people 's utterances , at all , i expect that to be done in the most apologetic way possible . 
  `` excuse me , sir , could you please ... '' is the right kind of attitude . 
  so it seems to me what passes for common courtesy is simply a reflection of living in large urban environments where many people think in that manner . 
  i guess i 'd have just said `` fuck off , kid '' in that situation , but still . 
  you 're fuming way too much . 
  your complaint is as old as the civilization ; socrates said :, 
   the children now love luxury ; they have bad manners , contempt for authority ; they show disrespect for elders and love chatter in place of exercise . 
  children are now tyrants , not the servants of their households . 
  they no longer rise when elders enter the room . 
  they contradict their parents , chatter before company , gobble up dainties at the table , cross their legs , and tyrannize their teachers . 
  , and your complaint does n't seem to be about anything more than mere discourtesy , and just a lone anecdote at that , generalized into a generational thing somehow without providing grounds for doing that . 
   you do not use words like that publicly to people you do n't know . 
  well , might be he 's just an egotistic teenager who simply does n't give a fuck about possible wishes of others ? 
  hardly a rarity ever . 
  that looks like a great source - half opinion piece by a journalist , w/o citing any sources , other half with citations from neutral , objective parties like international campaign to abolish nuclear weapons , no money for nuclear , communities against nuclear expansion , `` anti-nuclear campaigner peter karamosko '' , friends of the earth and greenpeace . 
  btw where does ( even such ) article mention poisonous gasses that are hard to contain ? 
  or that it would take untill 2050 to build it ( and why , one operated in the 60 's , no ? ), 
  anyhow , i 'd welcome interesting criticism of the technology , one i heard is that mining it might be potentially more difficult , and some more detailed arguments that its proliferation advantages are overrated , but damn is your link lacking in offering any of that . 
  ie one does not , in the interest of an objective assesment , state that thorium create dangerous waste ie , that its waste `` include ( s ) many dangerous-to-health alpha and beta emitters '' , nor add that it can make inert thorium into nuclear waste ( is n't the process of doing so the whole point ? 
  ) , on top of uranium waste ( on top , or instead of more uranium waste ? 
  ) , without quantifying how dangerous , and in what quantities , in comparison with other options . 
  that 's a clear strawman ; whoever said you should eat nuclear waste from a thorium reactor ? 
  just that it 'll be dangerous shorter , and that there 'll be much less of it per kwh , so the argument goes . 
  and the thermal breeder designs it mention can in fact burn spent uranium fuel , lowering the quantity of waste , so the argument goes . 
  and , thorium is weakly radioactive , not quite inert , but that 's nitpicking in comparison to the rest of the argument . 
  and producing u232 is not a flaw but a feature of the process , and precisely because it is deadly , so the argument goes . 
  and those embarrassments seem to be the only points explicitly stated against thorium claims there . 
  one should n't write on a topic whilst not at least knowing what arguments are supposed to be addressed . 
  only the devkit . 
  extra inches being largely wasted by the optics . 
  5ish was the plan and what 's in the hd version they 're demonstrating . 
  what 's the composition of the opposition to equality there ? 
  is there religious opposition ; i 've gathered the sangha is divided on the matter , with the ruling bodies , and hence i presume majority , homophobic and transphobic ? 
  fist in the air is a fairly common symbol for protests generally though . 
  seems appropriate to have a black fist as an icon for protest over black rights . 
  now a black panther , i do n't get the connection , i read those were a violent revolutionary socialist organization . 
  what 's even remotely comparably radical about just a hot shirtless dude ? 
  so whatever the analogy was supposed to say , seems you weant overboard there, 
  also , i think there 's a sad lack of open nudity and sexuality in esp american culture ( less so in europe ) , so while we 're dealing with sexual bigotry anyhow , why not do a tiny step on that as well , with a merely shirtless hot picture ? 
  ugh , damn initial reactions can be rough if unsupportive . 
  but give them some time , they might either come around , or alternatively , you might at least find some livable compromise . 
  in short , give it a few years . 
  as to your financial situation , idk , that 's really rough , and i 'm sorry ; but you have n't even talked to your mum , and he might cool down a bit at least even in the short term . 
  give it some ( significantly shorter ) time for them to compose themselves , then i guess you 'll have to talk with them again to see where exactly you 're at . 
  more likely , they were just shocked by the general openness of americans :d judging by the few times i had the misfortune to meet them , those ppl seem to think you 'd wish to hear details of their life , or be willing to share them right after saying hi for the first time . . 
  i can imagine that bluntness extending to the domain of sexuality too . 
  in any case , my reference was some pictures of a couple kissing , lying in a park here on reddit , i ca n't really dig them up , and strangely continent-dependant reactions to them , noticed in further comments , and the culture of nudism and public nudity , characteristic of germans , scandinavians , spaniards , and the dutch at least .
