  for if life was actually a robust product of parametrized spectra of physical laws , that 's seem more suspiciously as the fingerprint of a creator to me , and no doubt that 'd be their story then too . 
  anyhow arguing about the initial conditions of the theory ( same problem with their point 1 ) is fairly moot - there can only be finetuning if you 're thinking in terms of a more fundamental multiverse ( conceptual at least ) , where constants can have any values . 
  but that 's purely speculative - the actual theory we have includes the initial conditions . 
  its just given as a brute fact , and unchanging . 
  4 & 5 are just ridiculous , and you said enough on it . 
  re creation argument , i do n't understand what happens with causality `` before '' the existence of time to be able to evaluate the claim that time itself needs a cause . 
  because what science ( well general relativity ) definitely does conclude on the matter , is that spacetime itself originated then ( or our slice at least , depending on the theory , and ignoring the fact we know this theory to be faulty in this regime anyhow ) . 
  and `` causes '' are not part of any physical laws , just laws how variables vary over time . 
  and a scientific hypothesis needs independent predictions . 
  `` popped into being '' is pretty much exactly how the current scientific description looks like anyhow - you posit the starting conditions , you posit the laws of the universe , you posit the constants and then you start evaluating the predictions . 
  if you knew you could do better by positing something prior to all these , then that would be what you 'd do . 
  whichever way you slice it , you 'd have to posit something as first , so it would be what `` popped into existence '' under this analysis - and whatever it is , it better be predictive and precise . 
  obviously god is neither , otherwise that would be the current cosmology - so one 's speculating in complete vacuum . 
  which is n't science . 
  which is the best explanation of the origin of the universe . 
  and what they call `` arguments presented by philosophers for centuries '' , are just as they sound - intuitions about reality developed in the macroscopic , classical realm , like absoluteness of time , projected into places where we know them to be misleading , like the singularity at the beginning of nonclassical spacetime . 
  defended merely by the argument from incredulity , ie by exploiting those same intuitions in the audience . 
  a common misconception . 
  i mean it could be that way but such quantization of space is not an automatic implication of the concept . 
  i 'd venture a guess that there 's an airport somewhere around barcelona and paris as well ... : /, 
  if its a convert to christianity , the same 13 prob , since its the same crime of apostasy , of abandoning islam . 
  if from a christian family , prob not . 
   what makes scientific knowledge so valid as opposed to other types of knowledge ? 
  you seem to be mired in epistemology here . 
  my tack would be that , if one takes the classic `` justified true belief '' notion of knowledge , that science simply operationalizes the `` justified '' part . 
  so , given enough time to explain the evidence to a rational person ( or say a process of bayesian reasoning , given any subjective priors and enough time ) , a scientific or scientifically viable at least claim will be found plausible . 
  that 's not a challenge , its more or less the description of how those methodologies and claims were arrived at - ie not arbitrarily popping into existence , but by a community of people concerned with the reliability of their knowledge , conscious of various ways one is liable to delude oneself by wishful thinking , refined in a process of seeking more persuasive arguments and ways of investigation to present to their peers in a field . 
  its also how they continue to be believed . 
  yet , this is not a feature of extrascientific claims , which can be seen in their continued disagreement over millenia of existence even over the most basic claims . 
  faith has justified anything from buddhism , jainism to christianity , shamanism and islam . 
  and the intersection of their beliefs is approximately an empty set . 
  scientific methodology has had only centuries of existence , and the intersection of the conclusions so justified is the entire body of modern science . 
  and much of it so solid that it can only be fully denied frankly in cases of collective or individual mental illness . 
  so its just a minimalist , cautious , conservative stance about one 's own capabilities of knowing . 
   i would say that but there is no data that would `` prove '' it to me, 
  really ? 
  is that true ? 
  i 'd personally consider converting to some form of christianity if say the b-polarization pattern in the cosmic microwave background spelled out some recognizable variant of say the gospel of mark across the sky . 
   he calls this view narrow minded . 
  bizzare . 
  you can claim to simply be more cautious with your claims of truth than he is , and point that from your perspective , people claim things contradictory to his religious claims with the very same justification of faith . 
  so by this very fact , it can not constitute `` justified true belief '' . 
  if there can be 2 contradictory claims with the same justification , then neither can be claimed to be truly justified by whatever that justification is . 
  if that 's rejected , fine , he 's welcome to his expanded spectrum of beliefs . 
  but it would be nice if he could see the reasons why one would wish to hold claims to a higher standard of evidence than what he has to offer . 
  ie the concern with reliability . 
  well , for the last 1500 years , its been exclusively a celebration of the birth of jesus , its the second holiest date in their religious calendar etc. 
  it only got secularized in some countries relatively recently . 
  and not really in my country ... and i 'm not sure why i 'd want to celebrate what i perceive to be a christian holiday , when the new year is in about the same time . 
  hm , participation and congregation maps do n't seem to show most of the south as being particularly religious . 
   as much as halloween is exclusively about catholic saints, 
  it is here , only all saints day , no halloween , and a carnival more like halloween at a completely different time ? 
   christians call their holiest holiday `` easter '' , which is the name of a pagan goddess . 
  greek paskha , latin : pascha , from hebrew pesa\u1e25 ? 
  or does only the us and english count again ? 
   just because we use a term with christian origins is irrelevant . 
  oh no not just the term , you literally use a christian festival . 
  it was taken up from the pagans by the church , it continued to this century due to the religion , through millenia of time , and only then , in some insignificantly short time , in some small corners of the planet , it basically became a secular event . 
  you can choose to ignore its history , and claim it irrelevant . 
  to me its origin and manner of use over time is crucial to defining a term , so it looks as basically a religious event . 
  well , there are such groups , but i would n't say there 's a lot of them , in proportion to the total number of christians on the planet . 
  start by deducting the catholics and the orthodox , and so many protestant variants and you 're left with not that much . 
  does this one need to be a self post ? 
  thought they changed it to imagemacros and ragecomics and screenshots only ? 
   what does it mean being atheist ? 
  i see you got a lot of responses on that , to which i agree . 
   what are your fundamental reasons behind being atheist ? 
  not being convinced to my satisfaction that some gods must exist . 
  i do n't see any reason for accepting claims that have n't been stringently justified . 
  and the best notions of what a good justification can be , seem to be already used by people in search of justified truths - ie scientists , and incorporated in their methods . 
  so a claim about the nature of existence really should be formulated as a scientific hypothesis and tested as such to have much chance to raise above self-delusions and wishful thinking that leads to no solidity or consensus in one 's beliefs . 
  that 's what theological speculation has done for millenia , and predictably no conclusions have been agreed upon yet . 
  no religions approach that . 
  they do n't seem to even be able to , given that god or supernatural plays the role of a joker to fill up any holes , rather than of a hypothesis that needs to first be made vulnerable to disproval , for one to gain confidence in . 
   what made you become one ? 
  hm , thinking about religions really . 
  i 'm not sure which of the arguments got me the earliest , i was still in primary school , i think it was a combination of bs in sunday school , and the geographic distribution of religions . 
  ie if catholics are mostly from a catholic families , hindus from hindu families etc , seems like neither had much reason behind their religious beliefs , but that their beliefs are just a product of conformity to tradition . 
  and simply the awareness of the diversity of views on pretty much any religious question , all held as deep truths by hundreds of millions of people , and most quite contradictory . 
  this raises questions of validity of one 's own beliefs , how can you know , by what method , that your conclusion is justified , and their not ? 
  if you had 5 witnesses , all claiming to have seen a person and are able to identify it , yet each give completely contradictory description , you 'd be inclined to dismiss them all as probably mistaken , certainly of no help in trying to identify that person . 
  i guess in this metaphor , the person represents the truth . 
  so , the bible is full of manifest bullshit ( eg genesis ) , the church is full of manifest bullshit ( politics , power-grabbing , hypocrisy , hostile dogmas about nonmembers ... ) , and the religious people seem self-delluded in the reasons they claim for having their beliefs ( since the determining factor is usually , their family background and not just as they 'd claim faith , since they all say that yet come to radically different conclusions ) . 
  another that bothered me early was the circularity of religious reasoning . 
  you need to presume the validity of bible and/or the church to get to any particular conclusions . 
  but that first step is then completely baseless . 
  yeah , the era is indeed christian . 
  the calendar and the celebration is roman . 
  i 'm not aware of it having had much religious connotation in the meantime . 
  and yeah , other calendars start at different times in the year - but the concept of celebrating the reset moment of the calendar is crosscultural . 
  i am probably being hypocritical here tbh , since reflecting on the matter , i think my associations are as parochial and as recent - the communists celebrated the new year , but not christmas , so it remains inscribed as some secular celebration to me . 
  ( country is croatia ), 
   now you can see how things with pagan/christian origins are n't automatically going to always be exclusively religious . 
  oh sure - i think the tradition of the use is crucial , not that it stays fixed to the original meaning . 
  just does n't seem like christmas lost much of those connotations . 
  but then again , its not existed in the public sphere , outside the explicit and exclusive domain of the church for more than two decades around here , and the church is still so dominant over it , so obv i would n't have such connotations . 
  but still , its a live tradition , one of their top holidays , its maintained as a christian ritual even alongside any secular use . . idk , can that really become universal . 
  looks more just like some nonmembers adopting a custom of a tradition . 
  would that ever change the referent , at least until the country was n't dominantly nonchristian ? 
  ef , sry , this is getting to be nonproductive nitpicking about sources of reference .
