  nagarjuna was said to have died in consequence of `` accidentally cutting off a head of an insect '' , while cutting some grass . 
  he was decapitated himself in consequence . 
  now , disregarding this is all unsubstantiated superstitious bullshit , i find both its distanced outlook on the world , appropriately wast , basically consequentialist take on ethics , as well as its fairly pessimistic analysis of what is the `` natural order of things '' fairly inspiring and not much different from how we all think today , if secular . 
   what are intuitive , logical , evident , and/or philosophical arguments that suggest atheism to be more likely in this universe than deism ? 
  our best cosmological theories postulate no gods to produce testable predictions . 
  adding any postulate to a theory , without gaining a corresponding predictive payoff is creating one necessarily less likely to be true than the same theory devoid of the extra postulate , for the postulate may just as well be false , while the latter theory is true in either case , while both are equally accurate . 
  we may take the fundamental notions of our fundamental theories to be parts of our ontology , but adding even more faces the same problem as above . 
  hence making a claim on the existence of some gods is unfounded . 
  i do not make a claim about their nonexistence ; i 'm agnostic strictly speaking . 
  it is simply a possibility not worth actually considering as it would n't improve the fit with the evidence - merely , just like laplace , i too have no need of that hypothesis . 
  i 'll revise my position if such need ever arises , that is if postulating gods generically or in some specific version ever turns out to have successful predictive results . 
  basically , as you can deduce from above , they 'd need to be established as a scientific fact to be admissible by above criteria . 
  until then , my ontology need be devoid of such entities . 
  a really profound guy , this :, 
   `` people see something they want , they steal it or they kill somebody or behead them . 
  some of this stuff now that 's going on , the beheading , which has become literally a religious , i do n't know what you 'd call it -- it becomes a very sacred thing to the islamics to behead somebody because that is a special right that is deserved by the infidels ,, 
  does n't really parse , is that saying that the decadent , anything goes morality of secularism , and specifically greed unchecked by religious morality , among the members of isis causes them to think beheading is permitted , or even a religious ceremony ( i 'm guessing its rite not right given the context , the transcript could be wrong there ) ? 
  in other words that isis is overly secular , and that 's why they kill , out of unchecked greed ? 
  what incoherent drivel ... 
  only that one specific guy ? 
  so basically this is advice on how to get back at your neighbors , right ? 
  what do i need to fuck for the neighbour who lives right next door to me ? 
  this is absolute bullshit , please do n't spread misinformation in the community . 
  in fact someone with a high-end regulated mod might get hurt following this , thinking s/he 's drawing less amps from the battery than s/he in fact is . 
  icr , imr chemistry batteries can only ever give their natural voltages to the regulation circuitry , and you can clearly see this stated as input voltage in the regulation spec - and so to achieve certain wattage , the only way the battery could give it is by giving higher current . 
  energy does n't come from thin air . 
  in fact you can only draw more amperage for the same wattage with a regulated vs unregulated mod , since there are some , however slight , losses involved in converting the input current and voltage , to the output current and votlage - and what you did in that poster is calculate only the latter . 
  there is no systematic disadvantage for vaping subohm on a regulated device , if you so wish for some reason , you 're just not forced to do so to get to certain wattage , nor do you need to use various approaches common in the subohm world ( parallel wires , dual coils etc ) to reach certain desired heat flux , surface area etc in your build . 
  all of these can be done on any resistance in principle , but in more different ways with regulation than without . 
  you 're deluding regulated users on the amperage they 're subjecting their batteries to , which is potentially dangerous . 
  so i would appretiate it if you deleted this post and the poster untill it reflects reality better . 
  eg , this article calculates correctly :, 
  can you educate her or will she not listen ? 
  printing out a few good studies on the matter - some not even behind a paywall - for her to go through ? 
   also , i went to zadar , croatia in the summer and saw that there too now exists a vape store . 
  3 places actually . 
  one on the peninsula with proper bricks and mortar , and two stands , in kaufland and in supernova . 
  but still with a fairly wide choice of good stuff crammed into that small stand . 
  also you can buy dekang liquids and some ego starter kits on many newspaper stands . 
  you 've been in the peninsula one ? 
  i work just across the street from that  and really like the store ; guy working there is obviously an enthusiast . 
  prices used to be extreme but now he moderated them . 
  they 're exploding here , yeah . 
  all of these opened in the last year . 
   i 'm not totally sold on their logic ( i 'm by no means a lawyer , but i think state law , unless successfully disputed still trumps european law ), 
  no , not in principle . 
  all eu law can have direct effect , which is to say individuals can appeal to some type of content of a directive in any court when making a case , at least when the conflict is with the state as opposed to with private entities , while regulation simply does apply directly . 
  but i still doubt they have any foot to stand on here . 
  did the previous tobbacco products directive define anything about ecigs ? 
  i think not . 
  where eu does n't act at all , member states can in most areas , certainly in the here relevant ones . 
  further even the future directive explicitly allows for such bans if member states want . 
  right - they work in two shifts , not really a lunch break . 
  yeah , i 'm not too hopefull about the bans in the near future either . 
  anyhow , hope you enjoyed your visit !, 
  autofire yes , note that 's not a short . 
  body of the mod is supposed to be negative , as is the metal below the wrapping . 
  so nothing but autofire happens if it is damaged , unless you happen to put it backwards . 
  then the body of the mod would be positive and you have a short . 
  autofire is not a catastrophic condition , unless you 're below your battery continuous discharge specs , even if you do n't catch it quickly . 
  i think that would be true only if the companies making authentic products protected their ip , registering etchings as their trademarks etc. 
  and i wonder if they can patent the mod , or the button at least . 
  does n't seem that innovative and prob lots of prior art , but then again current thresholds for this seem to be shit . 
  if they ca n't then a clone w/o etchings would be legal regardless . 
  wiki, 
   counterfeit consumer goods ( knock-offs in colloquial language ) are by legal definition goods infringing the rights of a trade mark holder by displaying a trade mark which is either identical to a protected trade mark or by using an identification mark which `` can not be distinguished in its essential aspects from such trade mark '', 
  its not that i do n't believe you , just ianal , that 's why i started w `` i think '' . 
  interesting . 
  apparently the concept is a peculiarity certain jurisdictions , like the us and canadian system , and i never heard of it before . 
  does it need to be actively defended not to be lost , like the registered trademarks ? 
  and i presume its area of jurisdiction is fairly limited ... 
  good point , but a proper continous rate should n't make it hotter than at worst 80degc . 
  no idea how to take into account what the atty could melt by that point though . 
  do you know which jurisdictions recognize the concept of unregistered trademarks at all ? 
  is this entire discussion just moot for say continental europe ? 
  afaik these trademarks would need to be registered , and registered specifically on the european level to be protected here at all . 
  really ? 
  that 's too bad . . even if it all looks really official , journal of medicine etc university of blah ? 
  thank you . 
  so tldr is - they 're chock full of acetyl propionyl , as suspected . 
  oh wow , that really sucks . 
  that 's so disgustingly high , i 'd like to see data on normal cigarettes and how much they have , to compare . 
  would n't be surprised if its less . 
  is it in this particular case though ? 
  these numbers are terribly high . 
  like 25 times the `` niosh-defined safety limit '' , instead of 2x . 
  perhaps simply looking for a different juice supplier is not a bad precautionary choice ? 
  there are options around ... 
  edit : miscalc . 
  about 9 times , not 25 times , compared a per ml number with a per day number . 
  137ug/day is the limit , and the study presumed 3ml/day . 
  so that 's 1200ug for these liquids vs 137ug limit . 
  it is as i suspected though - http://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/2gmdae/diacetyl_and_acetyl_propionyl_testing_on_suicide/ckleran ap alone is somewhat higher than for cigs here . 
  wait , afaik this is about diketones in the inhaled smoke . 
  so any chemical changes due to burning have already happened . 
  sure some interactions might make it more or less of a concern , that 's a different story , but interactions such as these are n't complete unknowns either , and a conscientious review by an expert in the field should point it out . 
  i do agree with your point though , there just are n't any good excuses for putting nonessential toxins into our juice . 
  indeed , all fair points . 
  though i think flavor manufacturers can indeed clean up their process and make most flavors safe . 
  note that a fraction of the juices tested in that study didnt have any diketones .
