  i 'm not sure what the status is with trans rights even here in europe , i gathered that the strasbourg court had a series of important decisions doing a lot on the matter , but have n't investigated sufficiently . 
  certainly , that 's just as important as marriage otherwise . 
  i 'd only get married in some exceptional circumstance , say if my parner 's immigrant status depended on it or such , but being forbidden from doing so is state-sanctioned and enforced discrimination , and this speaks volumes to everyone in the society . 
  violence and homelesness are more complex social issues , where i believe marriage can still have knockdown effects , but which are necessarily a long-term or even perpetual work . 
  whereas , legal matters can actually be solved . 
  re us militarism , i 'm not on the right continent to have even minimal influence on this so . . and it is a separate issue . 
  important for any omnivorous activist sure , but such should recognize the benefits of working on separate fronts in parallel , vs focusing only on a `` priority '' . 
  apparently the difference is in the behavior of assignment . 
  here assigning a new value to a variable will only touch the local variable . 
  while under call by reference , it would change the original variable 's value too . 
  mutation still acts on the original object though . 
  i agree on the first count . 
  re what would happen if a more democratic government came to power in russia , given that the population is antigay , i disagree , that 's a different matter entirely . 
  a normal constitutional democracy has safeguards in place , to protect at least some basic human rights , including most prominently even , humans of a particularly and overwhelmingly hated group . 
  if such a thing were to exist in russia and have support , i 'd think the most horrible laws such as this one would be under constitutional challenges , and even a fair portion of the homophobic population might not support some such laws on legal and human rights grounds . 
  if such discourse even had the chance to start happening . 
  i mean , i 'm in croatia , and the overwhelming majority of people is also homophobic . 
  an amazing number just supported the initiative to create a constitutional restriction on marriage , lest it happen some unknown future government might wish to legalize it . 
  still , its far from a done deal , will the referendum happen , or will the government catch it on some technicality , or will the constitutional court strike it down , and the media debate has been most prominently about whether such worldview positions and more importantly limits on any group 's rights , can even have a place in a constitution . 
  and even if it does happen - which is hardly a shame , since they 'd ban something that 's not going to realistically happen that soon anyhow , and it can be just as easily overturned by then - there are additional checks to guard against the possibility of this extreme a law like the russian one ever passing . 
  for one , most would think it a shame on the nation if we were to end up in the human rights court in strasbourg , to which russia is also supposed to answer to , if ppl there cared about human rights and the rule of law to any extent . 
  and in our case , there 's also the luxembourg court , enforcing things like the nondiscrimination directive and its implementation etc. . 
   but really it happens in any community that revolves around a single concept . 
  yes , indeed and quite perceptive . 
  but :, 
   to `` the good ole days '' makes you sound like even more of am elitist than those you are bagging on . 
  uh , these inversions to make things look the same always arouse suspicions to me . 
  your logic would preclude any possibility of dissent or criticism of how something developed , for this necessarily would include a ) positing that something about how things currently are is undesirable , and b ) noting that some time ago the issue did n't exist in such extent . 
  why would it be elitist to dislike how something you liked changed over the course of time ? 
  or if it would , is such elitism even undesirable , or just a label for having a dissenting stance ? 
  anyhow , i think it would take a bit more for `` good ole days '' reference to be elitist - some smug implication that the true veteran vapers are beyond investing in such trifle gadgetry , and i did n't get remotely such a vibe from the post . 
  right ; so in this example , if you 're having a good discussion with that one person , and its probably so if its a long 1:1 exchange , you should prob upvote . 
  i gather by further comments here that this link too is a case of only a mineralized find w/o any tissue , ie a fossil . 
  just happens soft tissue mineralized in that case . 
  hm , that 's an interesting thought . 
  i am enjoying since its been at blue best , but it can just as well be my evolving taste . 
  i 'm googling all over the place to confirm exactly what i have . 
  there are indeed such things around - variable voltage ego t 's i saw sound almost right . 
  like this one :, 
  , in the 3press ui at least . 
  but color order is wrong , and i do n't have orange . 
  that one goes blue -  green -  orange -  red and back . 
  mine goes blue -  red -  green and back . 
  there was another one but where the coloring of some ring rather than the button changes , and it has purple in the mix, 
  edit : something like this one is correct , but that does n't seem like the original manufacturer either . 
  anyhow , i 'll just ask in the shop to forward my question and find out exactly what they 're selling , since they thought it was purely esthetic . 
  y , could be that or such battery , but def not the atty , the thing overall looks exactly like ego w , http://americanvaporfactory.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/egow.jpg . 
  but for the logo , the tank being white , not blueish , and that in the videos , the mouth peace on ego w comes off , while it does n't on mine ( unless that takes more force than i was willing to risk ) . 
  the bill too states `` e-cigarette ego w '' . 
  edit : to be precise , this is what i actually have http://www.switchsigarettaelettronica.it/index.php?option=com_zoo&amp;task=item&amp;item_id=20&amp;itemid=208 hm , i 'll add it to the post body . 
  but what battery is in that kit exactly ? 
  \u00a8 ~ ~ or rather , what setting each color corresponds to ? 
  or at least , what 's the order from high to low ? ~ ~ nvm just saw it in your link , thx !, 
  wow , thx for the compliment !, 
  could be my english is getting better than my native tongue ( croatian ) , at least in writing , for i also got an admittedly joking comment that a ( legalese ) text i wrote in ~ ~ it ~ ~ < edit  croatian < / edit  today is semi-literate :d, 
  hm , this is turning out to be an interesting search . 
  apparently the manual , which they wo n't give me yet since they need to wait for a translation by law , states it is variable in this way , but when they asked their boss on the matter , he claimed the manual was just wrong there or non-applicable . 
  odd . 
  need to find out exactly which ego clone this is ( eg i see vogo/vogue uses this color code , but these chinese manufacturers are very stingy on technical details on their sites , some of their batteries have a colored ring , some a led and a color-changing button , some pictures show ones that might not have a led nor a ring but its just a picture w/o a spec - i ca n't find an exact match ), 
  anyhow , does n't change much for this juice at least , since i 'm happy with the blue setting , which is the middle one , and if it does n't have any effect , that 'd be its normal output anyhow . 
  i 'm supposed to care if i look a junky or not ?? 
  well , i am a junky , and quite obviously , its part of being me , why would i wish to hide the fact ? 
  someone who thinks its stupid , rather than just hard , or sad , to be an addict , is a far greater idiot than the one getting his desperate and lethal nicotine fix from burning plant matter . 
  i simply ask if i can vape somewhere or not , regardless of whether smoking is forbidden . 
  so i simply asked my boss , and she 's fine with it . 
  well and in our social club , i do n't even ask , we all smoke and have a hard time abiding by the law , since its forbidden to do so in government spaces . 
  well , this is n't by any law , and i certainly wo n't be talking to the retarded assholes in the city council to get a permission . 
  we all hate them anyway . 
  otherwise , in bars , restaurants , shops etc , no i would n't do it unless explicitly allowed to , if smoking is forbidden there . 
  but , i ca n't imagine a reason why i 'd choose to go outside to vape if its not forbidden . 
  i think being a human being , one should demand a reasonable balance of his or her personal liberty , with the wishes of others . 
  which need n't be exactly , avoiding doing anything that might conceivably bother others at some level and for whatever reasons , but it is , taking into account their possible feelings as a factor in judging whether you should do something that you can and want . 
  in practice , i think this logic leads you to pretty much the same place as yours . 
  so for eg , not provoking people who 're trying to quit by offering similar visual stimuli , not confusing young people about the acceptability of smoking in general etc. 
  sure , i agree , except that i do n't think the spectrum consists only of so ashamed one wants to hide it , and being smug about it  its a dumb thing sure , but its the honest truth . 
  its also just one aspect of you , such as it is . 
  and this is what you 're doing about it . 
  and i think you can feel a bit better for doing something constructive about your otherwise lethal habit , when its so difficult to do much or anything . 
  my family smokes too . 
  and all have quit . 
  and i 've been watching their relapses , even after 7 years of nonsmoking . 
  a bizzare story , thx for sharing . 
  but here she has a point :, 
   i wanted to help and some how i became a heathen for it . 
  well , you are a heathen ( edit it may be meant as an insult but you should n't take it as one ) , you became that when you became an atheist , anyone who is n't a muslim , jew or christian is a heathen :, 
  1 . an unconverted individual of a people that do not acknowledge the god of the bible ; a person who is neither a jew , christian , nor muslim ; pagan . 
  2 . an irreligious , uncultured , or uncivilized person . 
  agreed , still , its an or connection , in that in can have either of those meanings . 
  its just documenting what the word currently implies , and it can be any of those . 
  yet the root meaning is non-abrahamic , basically . 
  the rest derive from this in religious people 's minds . 
  i think this one is reclaimable . 
  like `` pagan '' seems to be . 
  hah , i started doing just that , and lowered my nicotine intake to 16 mg/ml . 
  my new flavor is [ this ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=hr&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.mental4smoke.com%2fit%2fprodotto%2f143022-liquido-ry4-up-20ml-nicotina-0--80768760 ) , supposedly very popular in italy . 
  another evening among smokers , of exactly the kind of tobacco i was last smoking and still have , and some 1ml of the juice vaporized during it , but no cravings !, 
  and tasty , this one is less sweet and menthol-like refreshing , also more pronounced than just the unflavored one i tried before . 
  battery went out around midnight , after some 16 hours of use , but charging it for a moment in the bar was n't a problem . 
  and the atty seems to be holding , 11ml and some 6 refills later . 
   without any of the standardized regulation that will accompany the pv/ecig industry once the pharmaceutical/tobacco markets get ahold of it and make sure they get their cut .
