  basically sounds you simply ran into some extremists on the other side of the spectrum . 
  not too strange i agree . 
  normally lgbt groups do praise and seek allies ; i have n't had much experience with any other communities you mentioned , but some brief encounters with the more hard line leftists did go roughly like that ; ideological or any other impurity was not tolerated at all . . 
  depends on which is easier/more likely to work , for moderates from gop , given where that party now stands : to reform gop , to start from scratch , or maybe to flock to another party ( libertarian ? ) . 
  they 're gon na have to think about their choices hard . 
  if enough of them even cares , that is . 
  and since a couple of hours ago , polls-only moved too . 
  and rather massively . 
  its 52.5 % probability of a clinton win there . 
  56.5 % on now-cast . 
  well , 538 now-cast is giving trump just a 4 point lead . 
  about 1/3 chance of alaska going blue . 
  which as far as i can tell makes it the next likeliest to flip , likelier than georgia slightly . 
  still not the dominant scenario ofc . 
  tbh i just see it as unnecessary protectionism to insist on home-made products , but that does seem to be his policy . . 
  you have a perfectly fair point , he may or may not have much choice in these business decisions even when he wants them to be different . 
  still , he chooses his own talking points ; i think his promise sounds unconvincing because its a business he has dealings with yet can not demonstrate any effort to be practicing what he advocates . 
  he may have just advocated the protectionist policies w/o bringing up chinese steel specifically ; this raises my suspicions of cheap demagoguery . . 
  it is a swing state : latest now-cast on 538 has alaska literally at something around 33 % chance.of being blue . 
  highest below 50 % . 
  bizarre , but still not the main scenario ofc . 
  by the xkcd 's `` standard '' age/2 +7 formula , his minimum socially acceptable dating age was 29.5 years then . 
  yours would be 24.5 if you 're 35 . 
  disaster is probably possible much more easily than that / say he just continues to be unclear to what extent if any the usa is committed to nato allies , so that russia or china get convinced he prob would n't respond to an attack on one of the members . 
  maybe after a series of probe escalations in nonmembers to check his responses to which he indeed gives none . 
  then at some point , he just reacts aggressively ? 
  need n't be an exchange at first , but if the armies engage , disentangling the situation seems damn difficult to all parties . 
  particularly if admitting defeat and simply turning back is not an option for domestic reasons . 
  this could easily escalate , step by step to at least a local nuclear exchange . 
  you do not want to leave any doubt as to who you 'll defend or not in geopolitics ; as it just introduces room for errors , plus the very insecurity invites risky plays by the other powers, 
  it actually takes honest skill not to totally fuck up on the world stage , and an ability to listen to expert advice . 
  say ability to recognize what a sternly worded diplomatic note looks like ; is it overly formal and polite by mere diplomatic convention , or actually deferential . 
  etc, 
  and the us is considering electing a narcissist buffoon who 's never wrong and always knows best ... horrifying there are many electorates on the planet that could prob elect such a buffoon and be reasonably safe its not going to be a total disaster once the circus moves out of power . 
  but the us electorate is def not one of them . 
  if we 're talking book here , that seems harsh on jamie after his `` escape '' , no ? 
  take how he deals with folks and assholes during his riverrun campaign for ex.and one of tyrion 's faces has been that of utter brutality as well . 
  ofc neither is the case with the show really ... 
  depressingly , there 's so little blue left on that map already , that the distinction between an `` only men '' and `` only assholes '' maps is n't nearly as impressive as it should be :(, 
  that 's bizarre . 
  this is a rather important collective job interview ; you 'd think competency to actually do it would matter.heard a debate in my country , a lawyer vs a populist , where the latter was pretty much destroyed by being asked to enumerate think it was at least 3 powers our presidency has . 
  could n't go past one . . like , they 're supposed to know at least the job description ... 
  i could n't concentrate properly w 24/7 music . 
  a regular day for me is as close to completely silent as i can make it ( now , if only the neighbours cooperated ... ) . 
  i get into music periodically mostly ; like get crazed about an opera or singer , or drill into some jazz musician , and spend most of my free time listening to that for a while . 
  i 've mostly sought baroque opera in recent years when in such periods , though not exclusively . 
  but if instead of music i happen to be into , say an author or some programming etc in a period , i 'll prob want complete quiet . 
  i love music really . 
  but i could n't stand it as a constant background . 
  no , you are mistaken ; she was ahead on now-cast before the polls-only flipped just yesterday . 
  polls only models what the current state of the polls predicts about what will happen on the election day . 
  now cast models what the current state of the polls predicts what would happen if the vote was today . 
  so you mixed up the two . 
  polls-plus biases the polls only model by considerations of fundamentals , like the state of the economy and the like . 
  538 defaults to showing polls-only for a reason . 
  now ofc she should n't win all the states where its close , so surely some of the states that are marginally blue on their map should go to trump . 
  depending on how much his position erodes further or not ofc . 
  how big and blatant is such antisemitism in american alt-right ? 
  i gathered the more-or-less normal right there was very pro-israel , so this is a bit confusing , to me as an outsider . . 
  maybe they can open themselves up to racial diversity . 
  but unless they can work w/o the evangelical vote , they 'll still be anti-lgbt . 
  so a party of exclusion nonetheless . 
  maybe its viable for them to just tone down their gay bashing w/o totally renouncing their disapproval of gays ; that seems to be what quite a few big-tent center-right parties in europe did about the issue ; we wo n't promote any widening of gay rights , but we wo n't try to turn back the clock on wherever those happen to stand when in power either , or make too big a deal out of it generally . . or ofc british conservatives actually did legalize marriages themselves , albeit with some internal gnashing of teeth . 
  but seems to me usa has too big an evangelical base for the right to be able to go quite that far . 
  i think its just an embarrassing opsec fail , that was terribly overstated . 
  most likely not uncommon level of bad practice , judging by how it was perceived in their internal communications , and simply in my impression of governmental competence with tech ; it should simply have been corrected when caught and all involved maybe verbally reprimanded for it . 
  there is actually some logic in that - at some extreme point of incompetence or bad policy positions from the opponent , you prob should be prepared to vote in a rapist or say pedophile if he 'd run the country competently instead . 
  ugly , but consider the damage a us president is capable of doing to millions upon millions of people . 
  he could n't hurt so many children and women if he was at it 24/7 . 
  ~ ~ imagining for a second trump had any clue on how to lead a superpower marginally competently - at least he claims to have been against the iraq war . 
  and that 's quite a level of destruction of human life and the fate of millions , and stability of an entire region . 
  you ca n't personally rape your way to that level of destruction in a human lifetime ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ i 'm hence not quite sure if having a misogynist rapist in the white house is actually worse than having had bush junior . 
  that is if trump gave any indication he could do the job with the minimum of competence ~ ~, 
  edit : except he actually liked the idea of the invasion at the time apparently . 
  sry , i give up, 
  i guess , he surely decided to run some significant time before announcing so publicly ? 
  the rest of the sentence does n't fit though, 
  `` up to that point his bid ... '' -- what bid ? 
  uggh , should 've figured everything he says is a documented lie . 
  sry , i retract my argument, 
  in a parliamentary system and with no nukes ? 
  not even close really . 
  hell , she does n't even have an assured mandate like a president or a prime minister with a clear party majority would ; she 's in a grand coalition , with a theoretical slim left majority in the parliament that can remove her from position whenever they want ( at the political cost of dealing with some ex east german communists that are a part of the left-wing party ), 
  german system is particularly good at dispersing power ; us system centralizes a hell of a lot of it in the president . 
  oh i completely agree ; for us , like with brexit , and lepen support base , and some of the worst hard-line support in my country ( croatia ) , i 've seen similar demographic analysis linking this xenophobic radicalization with the quite objective desperation of some mostly rural and small town areas , that profited little from trade liberalisation yet were hit quite hard by the recession , and with little recovery still , and this all amid a much more longer term trend of the decline of the rural areas in favor of large urban areas . 
  its well known that even with a well-negotiated trade liberalisation that should bring the economy closer to pareto optimality and hence be beneficial overall , still there 'll be pockets of outright losers of the process - and so funds should exist to target and compensate such areas . 
  eu has this idea of a globalization fund , though it seems small-scale and obscure , perhaps most effective in compensating and retraining ex coal workers . 
  but anyhow something of the kind seems warranted . 
  i 'm not sure the term ` alt-right ' itself is demeaning though ; is n't it just descriptive ? 
  could say populist right , or just far right i guess . 
  i gather preventing this kind of development is the logic behind hate speech laws . 
  whipping up hateful frothing masses in a frenzy is incredibly dangerous . 
  i think it was for some downvotes the post got , not for the question . 
  that does seem too harsh just for not including the source immediately . 
  `` these types of healthcare companies '' ?? 
  i 'm significantly more fond of bernie than hillary , but i do n't understand the ire the healthcare industry seems to be getting from some quarters . 
  i mean yeah , companies are somewhat scummy in many industries and there 's no exception here ; but pharma r&d and approval process actually does cost a fuckton of money , as its currently setup , and prob inherently to a significant extent , and still the end result of at least this industry appears to be effective treatments for an increasing number of conditions . 
  surely there are worse industries to be upset about ? 
  dammit , one can never joke about hitler :(,
