  anyhow , thx for a nice discussion !, 
   judaism has been around much longer than that . 
  and hinduism , buddhism , jainism , zoroastrianism ... , y, 
   i also think that all religions in the world are foolish and misguided , but do n't rule out the possibility that something far greater than ourselves could exist , but then again i have no direct proof . 
  yup , that 's exactly what i think . 
  i 'm an agnostic atheist , like it seems most atheists around here . 
  perhaps gods or the supernatural exist , maybe it will be even provable . 
  hell , ragnarok might start tomorrow . 
  seems highly unlikely though , i do n't buy it . 
  hence i 'm an atheist . 
   in some states , it 's nearly impossible to convince the parole board you 're fit for society unless you can convince them you love jesus . 
  wow . 
  are those civil servants or something like a jury ? 
  and how can they even ask any question about the religion of the prisoner - that goes on the record , right ? 
   very in depth answers would be appreciated . 
  oh wow , i 'm sorry but the question is far too huge . 
  i could try for a short summary , but damn , that 'd hardly qualify as very in depth . 
  i think you should devote some major time to it if depth is what you wish . 
  re biology , you could try the talk.origins faq http://www.talkorigins.org/origins/faqs-evolution.html and wiki ofc . 
  a more coherent way to follow the key notions , though not touching abiogenesis ( it being purely speculative anyhow for now ) , you can try ttc 's theory of evolution : a history of controversy . 
  its more an intellectual history but quite good . 
  re cosmology not sure what to recommend . 
  i 'll continue with various ttc courses for eg . 
  so , there 's a ttc series on dark matter and dark energy that covers much on cosmology and in particular its current state - cosmic microwave background radiation , baryogenesis , some explanation on general relativity and inflationary model . 
  this is before the results of the planck satellite though , though does n't change anything in there . 
  i see there 's a series on cosmology too but i have n't gone through it . 
  there 's background stuff you might wish to see in say the ttc series particle physics for non physicists and in einstein 's relativity and the quantum revolution : modern physics for non-scientists , but it may not be strictly the topic . 
  and this is still missing a story on the geology of the earth , the theia impact and the moon , the phases of life and extinction etc. 
  ah , for that last matter , you could see david attenborough 's life ( meta ) series , most relevant being the first one , life on earth . 
  as an overview of the overall story of the universe , its origins and on to us , sagan 's cosmos would certainly be a great view . 
  still no documentary series has approached that imho . 
  rough story on the physics would be :, 
  planck epoch and all the unknowns about the singularity -  grand unified epoch and inflation -  reheating period -  baryogenesis -  recombination epoch and the cosmic microwave background -  the dark ages ( cosmological , not historical obv ) -  population iii stars , reionization and large-scale structure , galactic black holes -  stellar evolution and molecular clouds -  planetary system formation ( that has quite a few subphases , from dust , on to planetoids , gravity interactions and from planetoids to protoplanets , here the last phase in case of earth includes the theia impact , path of gas giants vs terrestrials , later migrations and the late heavy bombardment ... ) -  and then on to the biological phases , from first life , branches of archaea , bacteria , evolution of the eucarya , the early anaerobic metabolisms , the emergence of cyanobacteria , stromatolite remains , and photosynthesis , the oxygen catastrophe , the snowball earth , the cambrian explosion and ediacaran predecessors , and so through the domains of life as they developed , conquest of land by plant and invertebrates , development of the vertebrate , fish , amphibian , reptile , mammals , etc. 
  oh and the last 5 great dieoffs , since the cambrian period would get interspersed around this story of evolution of vertebrates i guess . 
  on this later story , `` first life '' , also by attenborough is pretty nice . 
  i do n't get this , is n't this an image macro post ? 
  just some common quote on a pic background . 
  how come it 's not supposed to be behind a self post ? 
  i 'd report it but i see you commenting on it , so presumably this one 's ok . 
  but why ? 
  understood ; i 'm asking precisely so as to understand those lines myself . 
  i do hope they wo n't depend on the choice of background for a quote , statue 's head vs cosmic panorama or such ; seems far too subjective . 
  other subforums have similar limitations right ? 
  i hoped it could be a fairly straightforward process for that reason . 
  so you 're saying he rearranged something beyond the style of hat and cross on a pope 's dress ? 
   but do i think that pope francis does a lot of good for lgbt people in the world . 
  absolutely . 
  ... francis is moving his catholic church away from and this should be applauded . 
  that same hypocritical piece of shit did exactly nothing , said nothing at all , while the catholic clergy pushed a gay marriage ban into the constitution . 
  while the same clergy is pushing restrictions on minority rights into the constitution . 
  all he had to do is utter a single sentence . 
  he has yet to do anything , good or bad really , but for us living in societies where his church has much power , things have only become much worse since the guy 's pope . 
  less radical ? 
   `` i believe all gays ~ ~ should ~ ~ will burn in hell '', 
  do you doubt it ? 
  he made no changes in regards to church doctrine , nor voiced any dissent ? 
  the advocate simply made my list of `` shit i wo n't waste my time reading '' ... 
  what are fuck you talking about ? 
  i do n't give a shit what anyone does in a church ffs . 
  and i 'd be shot rather than seen in company of a catholic after what has just transpired . 
  i was talking about the church 's recent and continous role , in advocating for and actively and openly organizing referenda to limit my rights , and now minority rights , first by a referenda for a constitutional definition of ( civil ) marriage as one between a man and a woman ( which is n't going to happen anyhow ) , and now by a referenda for a constitutional redefinition of requirement on a level of `` bilingualism '' in districts with a large minority population , for no other reason but because they fairly openly hate the serbs ( so the language is actually the same , only the writing is n't latin ) . 
  that 's keeping to themselves and hurting nobody ? 
  what ? 
  in which galaxy ? 
  and that hypocritical lying piece of shit could have said anything at all , he 's the head of that sotonic church , the people would have listened , even if somehow the bishops did n't . 
  edit : this is roughly analogous to pronouncing khamenei the advocate of the year . 
  ie absolutely sickening . 
   take that how you will , the man was proud of his engineering but not of its use . 
  only if you think all revolutionaries are terrorists . 
  i read pride with the political accomplishment too when one says `` my rifle started and ended more revolutions than any other weapon in history . '', 
  that 's perfectly compatible with also thinking its sad terrorists use it too , and also regretting one did n't invent something more unambigously usefull and constructive . 
  but you do n't have to read this as words from a pacifist , only one that would ideally and hypothetically speaking , prefer having contributed to peace than to war . 
  we 're not discussing my or your opinion about the weapon in question . 
  though mine is more mixed . 
  we 're discussing his opinion , as far as we can see by the quotes given . 
  oh honey , if only i were making my country up ... 
  but i do think its a bit much of you , obviously oblivious to the events , to tell me so , and demand a crossreferenced political tldr of the last year of the place i live in . 
  even before trying to google for yourself , and with the labels as you chose ... 
  so from some random googling , with preference to english language material ( but starting with a link one of the largest croatian newspapers in circulation ), 
  ... google for yourself further , i 'm far too disgusted by it to look at it further ... 
   i see nothing that says ` the pope himself led a referendum . ', 
  straw man , or serious reading comprehension limits . 
  no - each says , the church has led , organized , publically supported the referendums ( plural ) . 
  and to quote myself , twice :, 
    that same hypocritical piece of shit did exactly nothing , said nothing at all , while the catholic clergy pushed a gay marriage ban into the constitution . 
  while the same clergy is pushing restrictions on minority rights into the constitution . 
  all he had to do is utter a single sentence.he has yet to do anything , good or bad really , but for us living in societies where his church has much power , things have only become much worse since the guy 's pope . 
  less radical ? 
  and, 
   and that hypocritical lying piece of shit could have said anything at all , he 's the head of that sotonic church , the people would have listened , even if somehow the bishops did n't . 
   but like ( as an example ) obama , obama is not america - he is a figurehead and in many ways , so is the pope . 
  no , he 's actually an absolute monarch of that same clergy , but its even a worse analogy than that , since he , again , did exactly nothing about it , unlike obama who actively supported lgbt rights in his administration 's actions . 
  and again unlike obama , his words carry an universal level of respect among his faithfull , ie 90 % of the population , so he has the power over people 's minds even above the formal power over the organization . 
  and his mouths are entirely his own , whatever his power may be . 
  all he had to do to for once to have a concrete positive impact was for eg to express sadness about the events here and possibly actions of the church , and i 'd be his biggest fan ... with that piece of ammo , fat chance any of this would 've happened . 
   i did n't want to discuss this as adversarialy as you 're making this , but honestly you surely have some reading comprehension problems . 
  but do not deny the small progress . 
  the changes that have already happened ... 
  the changes that have already happened since the guy became the head of the church are : the church leading the referendums on gay marriage and then the church leading the referendum on diminishing aquired minority rights . 
  did i miss something important ?
