  not about the [ ending spoiler ] ( / s `` feigned '' ) survival mechanic that was merely used to frame it . 
  what 's the deal w planetes ? 
  i 'm really irritated by the female lead , so i 've put it on hold . 
  but a hard sf premise is rare and so hard to resist . 
  you 're telling me there 's a strong political aspect to it as well ? 
  i snapped when she was lecturing a college about coming to terms with family or something like that . 
  i do n't know if i can stand a show not slamming her down hard for outrageous intrusive behavior like that , and just forcing me to take those bubbly conservative monologues in stride . 
  can i hope for some relief or is even that level of mental torture possibly worth it ? 
  agreed . 
  well , and except that squealer is fascinating from moment 1 . 
  i 'd rather look at it as a different approach to narration than an outright fault - simply not having a particularly character-driven storyline . 
  perhaps not so conventional a choice in anime , but it would feel at home in the wider sf world , i think . 
  but for eg , there 's a lot of variation in quality and style of character animation , and i do think its a fault of the show . 
  ofc , this is ultimately totally eclipsed by the show as whole , foremost in plot and setting , but also in artwork and sound . 
  wonder ? 
  [ ] ( / s '' squealer is a fucking revolutionary hero !, 
  when your choices are slavery of your kind or genocide of another , there is no choice . 
  his bust would be next to robespierre 's . 
  ie - complex and quite dark , but undoubtedly valiant and necessary for the times . '' ), 
  hah , i finished it just a few hours ago !, 
  it was indeed absolutely amazing . 
  various aspects of the characters and plot are perhaps in concept cliche , but the execution is so incredibly realistic and relatable , and ofc animation and music stellar . 
  now i need to find a colder , intellectual anime , for this left me emotionally quite overtaxed . 
   following the social customs ( like no talking or only whisper on the trains ) . 
  hm , wonder if the culture shock is lessened from a european perspective . 
  i too have often found american ways fairly uncomfortably forward and outspoken . 
  must be more common than even that , for i 'd too would find it weird , from a mediterranean/east european perspective , which is n't a frame particularly known for discretion or tact . 
  maybe its just an american thing to be so loud generally ? 
  easy : squealer - shinsekai yori, 
  no way , a masterpiece can be quite audience-selective or outright flawed , and still be miles ahead of an all-around solid piece anyone could digest and enjoy , lacking that special spark . 
  it just needs to be special in some incredible way . 
  and anyhow , imho 10 is just a point in a scale and need n't even be a masterpiece - its practical to use it comparably often as any other point , otherwise you 're compressing your rating choices for good shows even further , from the top . 
  i 'm really happy how apparently that show has so large a following here on reddit . 
  it blew my mind too . 
  but my expectations were somewhat low before it finished off the first arc - the impression it was giving initially was quite different from what it ended up being . 
  i do n't get it , why do some people freak out about that scene exactly ? 
  [ spolier ] ( #s `` how does a mere kiss on the grass provoke such reactions ? 
  does anime-loving crowd get similarly upset if seeing a tender moment of an actual lgbt couple irl ? 
  ie , is it just homophobia ? 
  or what 's the deal exactly ? '' ), 
  really ? 
  for what reason does it especially benefit from a rewatch ? 
  i 'm afraid i have n't seen a particularly compelling parallel . 
  mal seems to suggest psycho-pass is some kind of a parallel . 
  yeeeah , i couuuld see where they 're going with that , but its stretching it thinly . . 
  i 've deleted paragraphs here like a dozen times by now , not knowing how tolerant you 'd be of light spoilers , and trying to avoid them . 
  some very light ones are still present in what follows :, 
  basically , i think its a setting-driven anime . 
  setting is quite unique , post-technological , and thought out in great detail ; from quite early on its vaguely threatening , and seems to me most of both characters and plot is in the end just a conceit for the author to explore the setting further , and in particular its more unsettling aspects . 
  often its said its strong on having an amazing plot . 
  i guess that 's vicariously true , and it certainly masterfully performs its function - but perhaps it is the world itself that really carries the greatest weight of it . 
  it does not go for heavy handed philosophical monologues or psychological deconstruction . 
  i 've not seen however some issues of equity/distributive justice , nature of warfare and political change raised more poignantly anywhere else . 
  they generally unassumingly creep up on you , reference by reference . 
  at some very early episode i was worried whether i could be headed for a schoolkids with superpowers harem kind of scenario . 
  boy was i wrong . . 
  likewise , no anime has been able to make me completely totally reevaluate a set of facts i 've already been made familiar with as its ending . 
  admittedly , i was going into it unhyped , perhaps its different for watchers that listen to such eulogies before plunging into it . 
  i 'd very much appreciate it if you 'd try and let me know whether it works even after getting hyped about it from other people like this or not :d, 
  i 'm eagerly stalking a chance to read yusuke kishi 's japan sf grand prize winning novel from 2008 its based on ,, 
  sure , all fair points . 
  just checking what you had in mind, 
  true , if that counts from ops perspective . 
  scanning procedure is by necessity destructive to the biological brain , so one accepts becoming only virtual . 
  well , and the supercluster to run this wo n't be exactly cheap for many extra decades , by moore 's law , but apparently money is not a great issue to op . 
  it is an image of the strength of the effect known as weak lensing , ie of the intensity of the distortions of the background clusters , statistically treated , in the field . 
  it takes a look on the overall properties of thousands of elliptical galaxies in the background and measures how strongly distorted their shapes seem in some region , to arrive at contours of intensity of distortions . 
  it depends on a decent mountain of * observational theory * to make a signal out of statistical properties of background ellipticals . 
  but they are on the image , distorted as they are . . 
  it does n't depend on any * theoretical physics * here at stake - a mondified general relativity can not give a different interpretation of the distortion statistics . 
  so its not a result of theoretical model fitting . 
  but the very notion of distortions having anything to do with foreground mass is from general relativity . 
  can you honestly think there was not a single observation made in the lhc ? 
  their signals depend background removal , dependent on qcd and the like . 
  was bicep2 doing observations at all then ? 
  being a fan of some older stuff , i really like the idea !, 
  put some update here or however if you decide to do this , so i can join in . 
  well likely you would be - usually though not universally , adaptations lose some of the original 's brilliance . 
  right , as a proxy used to experience the setting . 
  perhaps the story is so enjoyed simply because it allows one to explore the setting , and that is the real star , so it shines by proxy , if i can put it like that . 
  though reevaluating that idea now , nah , i think i disagree with myself , that 's not nearly all there is to it . 
  far lower -- more than 100 times beneath cigarette levels . 
   many talk about ecigs as if they 're some gift from god ,, 
  i 'd say cutting down various risks of smoking by two orders of magnitude pretty much is a gift from god . 
  was wondering if anyone else would say that . 
  so what 's your take on the character ? 
  i only just saw the thing so my impressions are quite disjointed . 
  i tend to think he stayed true to his idealistic ambition , which felt so inspiring to me , however gruesome his method of achieving it ended up being . 
  wonder if he 'd have thought the trade fair if he were less of a broken man when judging it , and it would n't surprise me if he would . 
  these extreme consequences he was willing to draw from his dreams , disinterested in limitations of reality and what had to be done to get there , were at the core of his charisma all along . 
   right shielding from the radiation ( magnetosphere ), 
  a bit of rotation and a molten core and that 's a given via dynamo . 
  and molten core is implied by earth-like size , for that ca n't cool fast enough . 
  and if our system is of any measure , not having that much rotation is far rarer than having it . 
   no cataclysm that wipes out 100 % of the life . 
  our earth had few instances where upto 90 % of life was wiped off . 
  the great dying was very very far from wiping out life . 
  it merely wiped out that many species of complex organism . 
  actually sterilizing the surface would at least take making the crust fully molten again . 
  like during the late heavy bombardment .
