  even among the economically and militarily rather uniform ancient greek city-states you can see pretty much no correlation between the rather wildly varying positions of the women and the levels of democracy , dictatorship or oligarchy in the polis . 
  the rather extreme , in comparison to its less democratic neighbors , subjugation of women in athenian democracy being the obvious counterexample . 
  the notion that it is either democracy or mechanical basis of fighting that determines female position is itself merely naturalizing an essentially socially constructed position of women in the society . 
  and there is certainly no indication of this work sharing such an opinion or trying and failing to illustrate it . 
  its usually a bit silly to judge a work for having a wrong vision , because you do n't share some of its presumptions . 
  and heinlein is an odd choice of example for equality in sf literature . 
  anyhow , if anything , having the societies show a differentiated ( since occasional female characters on the empire side do become far less common ) but unequal treatment of the sexes might be more realistic and in keeping with their depicted flaws/decadence , than more gender balance would be . 
  well tbh 17 sounds ridiculously high for a legally mandated minimum age , especially with no close-in-age exceptions and the like . 
  particularly for a country with high prejudices ( to put it mildly ) for pre-marital sex . 
  people fall for each other in high-schools ... 
  actually this is why its sad animebracket is organized as a knockout , rather than say swiss . 
  knockout is a great way of choosing the winner . 
  and abysmal for all other positions . 
  edit : kinda ironic too , given their catchphrase of `` because sometimes a poll is not good enough '' . 
  and then they give just a knockout instead . 
  facepalm , given that usually a knockout is not good enough either . 
  y , i 'm most disappointed about that one this past round . 
  ehh , as others mentioned you misread the pairings , this round at least . 
  but i do want to mention that this rather average thingy already eliminated a classic - jin-roh . 
  only noticed it now . 
  and i 'm rather extremely salty about that ... let 's not repeat such total blunders , shall we r/anime ? 
   but where the macro instances hold both literal and figurative weight , the micro ones do not . 
  that is , the main couple 's actions never feel as if they mean anything , in any regard . 
  whether it 's fighting their way out of a baron 's domain or hijacking a vehicle to make it to the nearest city , their mark on everything that is going on around them is significantly smaller . 
  this is an odd paragraph . 
  you mean to say you would find it superior for the two characters of rather minor mark or importance to have a large impact on space ? 
  how would such a stretch be good storytelling at all ? 
  or that we should be seeing the space from the perspective of characters invested with greater power over the world around them . 
  again , why on earth is this even desirable ? 
  surely its perfectly reasonable and expected that minors of little power have little impact on the world around them ? 
   following a betrayal by his father towards their home planet ,, 
  you read it as a betrayal ? 
  that 's a terribly one-sided reading of an inevitable surrender under reasonable conditions . 
  i guess its not contradictory , but its so difficult to imagine , for it goes against our instincts , an environment that is both capable of supporting life , but not actually already infested with life . 
  life we know on this planet is so surprisingly hardy and adaptable , you can hardly find however marginal conditions that are n't already occupied . 
  to imagine perfectly pleasant conditions that are nevertheless utterly barren ... just boggles my mind even if possible . 
   in the end almost everybody dies . 
  hey , i was watching that !, 
  eff shameful enormity ... 
  i do n't get it , was your family killed there or something ? 
  what was done in westerland proved rather unimportant in the end , with reinhard winning power anyhow , be it because or despite of it . 
  if it were a strategic blunder that could cost him his empire , only then would it be inexcusable . 
  and he correctly noticed in himself willingness to go along with the massacre . 
  there 'd have been no need for waiting until the very last moment to reach the decision were it inexcusable and unnecessary in kaiser 's eyes . 
  and oberstein obliged , shielding him from a decision apparently distasteful to reach . 
  for winning power is more important to a character like the keiser than what is effectively a village in galactic terms . 
  lotgh is the last place where you should be looking for meaningful moral dichotomies ... 
  rather dubious . 
  an actual loss and shock is emotionally powerful and speaks to the masses . 
  it leaves people in a shattered mental state receptive to a change of heart . 
  a mere counterfactual is academic and cozy and hollow and reliant on people buying the story anyhow . 
  easy to explain away avoiding cognitive dissonance to the fullest . 
  edit : agreed they do perform incredible feats . 
  despite their standing . 
  though re their positions , only one of them is of high ( est ) nobility , but in a position of quite limited authority despite that , at that point of her life - apparently the empire is rather ordered and rank is more than blood . 
  jinto is really of relatively low standing as far as nobles go - count of some backwater dump basically . 
  / edit, 
  its a bit difficult to buy that a prime minister/president all by himself could be capable of illegally subjecting the country to a universally hated occupation they would otherwise have the power to resist , no ? 
  why would the army follow such a treasonous command , with the perpetrator getting a head shorter soon after ? 
  how does this get ratified anyhow ? 
  clearly we 're talking about a foreign-backed coup and not a mere individual 's betrayal here . 
  that apparently still got executed for the supposed betrayal , interestingly . 
  you honestly got no hint that this was simply a matter of scapegoating rather than facing the reality of their material impotence in the face of the huge empire ? 
  this kind of consideration has some relevance to later series . 
  ahh , right , gotcha . 
  i can get this somewhat . 
  though it was additionally rather witty . 
  but i think it was n't really all that pretty to look at . 
  rather , it was visually superbly expressive . 
  wow . 
  because why bother with character analysis but to pontificate on their `` morality '' ? 
  you simply have a bizarrely overly-moralizing perspective , from my perspective , that 's all . 
  even presuming such a thing as morality exists and has any relevance , beyond being a mere gag reflex ( emotive `` booo '' or `` yay '' ) programmed into our psyche to favor doing acts that in average increase our gene 's chances of survival , and hence essentially leading to making just as profound a claim as stating `` i like vanilla '' or `` stracciatella is juck '' - though i do n't think there is anything more to it than that , still - even if there were , in the context of appreciation of a work of art , the relevant question is surely understanding the motivation , including moral ones , in the acts they choose to take . 
  is there any point at all in obsessing about how compatible their moral intuitions are to our own ? 
  ` tis a trivial matter , they are or are not , you know it immediately - how is this the end of appreciation of their motivation you can achieve ? 
  what kind of critical insight into the work does this autistic position give us ? 
  surely rather one need strive to connect to and understand the psyche of the presented characters . 
  and in this sense , i have no problems with their morality - it is well fleshed out and given nuance and depth . 
  they both believed to be working in the interest of the good , from their perspective it was a hard price , and possibly one worth avoiding , but still undoubtedly one worth the achievable good of securing the rulership of the otherwise decadent empire as quickly and as bloodlessly as realistically possible . 
  conscious that this will in any case not be a particularly bloodless goal to strive for , ofc . 
  i think this interesting article is sadly posted in the wrong sub . 
  first rule of submission ( linked in the sidebar ) here is :, 
   every submission must be a direct link to or a summary of peer-reviewed research with appropriate citations . 
  and this is impossible for an opinion piece like this . 
   double elimination, 
  sure , anything that gives more matchups is better . 
  as i said , my preference would be swiss . 
  i think it strikes a good balance between having to cast extra votes , and giving a meaningful ordering . 
  its used in chess , go ( well a minor , pre-seeded variant usually ) , mtg ... 
  english one says its `` enternaining novel '' now wtf is that ? 
  and strangely , library wars seems to be a light novel ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toshokan_sens%c5%8d with a manga and an anime . 
  id love to know exactly what the meaning of that category is . 
  i see a fair number have adaptations to other forms . 
  apart from library wars and shin sekai yori , i see accuracy of death is a live action movie , and yoru wa mijikashi aruke yo otome a manga . 
  did n't continue down the list to check if that holds . 
  and perfect blue too . 
  and grave of the fireflies . 
  and planetes manages to lose to fucking bleach in this environment ? 
  and jin rou was already eliminated here the first round .
