  guess the next step when finding such a candidate would be to investigate closer ... 
  given the cost of such travel , and for no economic benefit , the propensity of some subset of the alien civilization for expansion might well be extremely subdued . 
  agreed , its bound to happen here and there . 
  its very difficult to speculate how aliens would behave , i 'm not sure if the notion of `` embracing expansion '' as a collective goal by a group and sustained by it for geologic times makes that much sense , as opposed to , simply some level of proclivity and sure , some bursts of excess proclivity to colonize new worlds . 
  guess it depends on psychology , decision-making structures , longevity of all possible aliens , resources , so its risky to speculate there . 
  but i think its worth pointing out how the image of colonization of the universe that likely appears in our mind , likely colored by the experience of exploration and colonization of the planet might be heavily misleading as to the incentive structure of space travel . 
  with a huge cache of resources in any solar system , and the extremely prohibitive energy costs of shipping from another , it seems possible that growth tapers off , and with extremely sensitive instruments around one star ( say a fleet of focal stations , and even mere evolutions of our current approaches at grander scale ) and possibly investigative probes , incentives are really low . 
  space could largely resemble a collection of polises ( what 's the plural of polis anyhow ? 
  ) , and voyages maybe resemble zheng he 's treasure voyages , rather than the western experience with columbo etc. 
  few colonies might be very attractive to diminish the changes of extinction , but that is satiated very quickly , since it immediately goes to a square , then a cube etc of initial probability of extinction . 
  edit : or maybe even societies that are most likely to push for expansions most aggressively are also the ones least likely to survive enough do to so in any large measure ? 
  so a combination of incentive structure ( and hence rationality ) and maybe even natural selection could favor a relatively empty universe ? 
  edit2 : well , i just plugged in my conservative hunches into the drake equation , and seems they are fairly low anyhow , between 10 and 0.03 . 
  by conservative i mean , taking planetary data as we have and taking the earth as typical for a planet of its type , which can be optimistic or pessimistic , and extrapolating from the times civilization , humans or an average species etc have actually existed or have existed in average to an order of some half a billion of years of will having been that kind of a planet . 
  edit3 : i 'd still expect a few millions of planets per galaxy that are either living at some stage or another , or as terraformable/inhabitable as mars and venus are . 
  yup . 
  and even before sending a probe , prob they can do a focal mission targeting that star , using their own star as a gravitational lens , and pointing it precisely at the target , which is n't unlike the intel . 
  they 'd get from having that same probe in the periphery ( ~ 500au ) of the target system . 
  i 'd wager we could or might soon be able to put the requisite antennae and telescopes for such a probe , and have it powerful enough to be able to detect intelligence in the inner solar system at such distance . 
  yup , basically compare the size of the sun to the size of human 's antennas ( i guess interferometry and all included ) . 
  there 's an italian guy theorizing such a mission . 
  i gather we 're talking kilometer to 100km-scale resolution of the target , theoretically . 
  i 'll watch a video ( below ) on it to refresh , but a few links :, 
  edit : right , and so this diminishes the appeal of actually sending and waiting for some probe to get there . 
  we could be hypothetically observed by aliens as if they had a probe here , and they did n't have to travel but a few light days from their star . 
  and as an emitter , a logical choice for a directed antenna for communication requiring a much lower gains of an antenna - each conversation party pointing its star , so to speak , to the other . 
  i do n't think it a matter of philosophy , but of appeal , given the costs . 
  i 'm taking their actions are dominantly shaped by rational self interest , not dominantly by ideologies , or that the former heavily modulates the latter . 
  two points , a ) 200 million years sounds a wildly optimistic number for l in the drake equation , at least generally . 
  i 'm counting myself generous when plugging in 1 million years for humanity , which is just average order-of-magnitude for a species . 
  because we have n't seen more than 150000 of years for humanity , and survival of it has already been a coinflip essentially in this century . 
  now throw a coin for each postnuclear millenia ( or each 10 ? 
  but any regime in history has n't had more than a few centuries of half-life , and each such break now opens such possibility of disaster ) , and for each colony , at least . 
  b ) true , it does n't take more than one due to the exponential presumptions of the model . 
  that seems the easiest place where the argument could be wrong then . 
  and this can be a percolation process , with short distance travel hugely favored , or longish just unfeasable . 
  with the influence of the progenitor world culture limited , and a no-colonizing stance materially strongly favored . 
  and then it can be self-limiting , depending on the parameters . 
  or asymptotic . 
  all we should say is that we 're in an empty bubble , and how unlikely is that . 
  given some reasonable numbers , its not unlikely at all . 
  in fact , i find 1/3 for the chance of a world having a colonizing drive , very high . 
  this is what he gets with near-critical values in some simulation :, 
  now all you need to add , is parts of the structure dying off quickly enough . 
  possibly with a higher chance on worlds likely to spread , towards living worlds at least . 
  for polluting some native biosphere that has potential for future complex life seems a violent and short-term focused act to me . 
  well , we all know what life will give you ; old age , disease , culminating in death . 
  if you 're lucky in that order . 
  pretty much the only possible end tally will be that . 
  not sure what 's morbid in striving not to be overly dependent on the fickle fortunes of living . 
   math is theoretical , it is not the real world , the real world is random and crazy . 
  it is actually amazing and perhaps incomprehensible how come math is, 
  such a ridiculously effective tool in the real world . 
  so a science major believing there 's little worth in a literary degree , and also vice versa , why are ppl here so limited by their expertise ? 
  ( a cs major working in a contemporary theatre festival ), 
  the term `` cult '' has a different meaning in anthropology : the outward religious practice . 
  like the cult of artemis in ephesus , or the cult of asclepius , or the cult of apollo at delphi . 
  in this sense , christianity was of course a cult . 
  and the notion of a cult in the sense of a manipulative small religious following , which seems to be used here , simply can not be traced more than a few decades in the past , so was n't around in the early days of christianity to be applied by others to it . . 
  is this topic appropriate here ? 
  i gather the notion of mind control is scientifically controversial , so lacking better evidence , i 'd presume its falsehood , and as is there being any substantial difference between religions and `` cults '' as you call them . 
  further , is irritates me to no end that a completely different and quite useful anthropological notion of a `` cult '' is now buried under pejorative connotations . 
  i 'll downvote and report this as inappropriate as posting per guidelines ( submissions completely unrelated to atheism ) ; though i 'd welcome more discussion on the matter , think its a discussion where mods should participate too . 
  how is it legal to pour such quantities of dye into a river ? 
  they had to do a study to prove that i hope, 
  maybe it can be ; you can find ohm/length data on the wire , and you can calculate the length of the coil with some helix calculator , like http://www.deepfriedneon.com/tesla_f_calchelix.html, 
  add the length of the feet ( prob few mm on each side ) , and that should be the total length , right ? 
  and then the data on the wire should tell you its ohms given the length . 
   only after investigation can a conclusion be reached . 
  if a phenomena 's very existence is unproven , its up to the ones making the claim to do such investigation and offer solid evidence first . 
  nobody is obliged to dig through that shit . 
  up to then , the claim should be simply ignored ( though i was wrong to say this constituted presuming its falsehood ) , for it does n't yet offer anything empirically . 
  quite analogous to claims of the supernatural really . 
  quite a presumption . 
  i mostly just do n't care enough , but re the mess with the changes some months before , i generally found the mods at fault , and quite seriously . 
  i do care however about pseudoscientific claims promoted without a challenge in a supposedly rationalist community . 
  so let 's see if it should even be here , first . 
  yeah , read up on the comments around here after posting that . 
  not even that much dye needed to do it . 
  now i know . 
  looked like some `` ohh , let 's pour even more toxic chemicals into a river just so it looks cool '' unthinking perversion . 
  sure , we watch it , individually and together . 
  yeah it is usually stupid , rarely does it seem remotely sincere . 
  but i can still often find it hot , depending on the actors . 
  uhhh , trust me you do n't want to suffer `` our '' ( croatian ) catholics ... 
  it 's pretty much like the fundamentalists you 've got ( meddling in politics , in an extreme right way , separation of church and state is pretty much out the window , gay bashing , nationalism , misogyny etc - only positive difference is no creationism ), 
  well for one , whoever made this ad does n't know what an oligopoly is . 
  if they met behind doors and arranged the prices , that 's not ( just ) an oligopoly and is illegal . 
  in an oligopoly , the number of significant players in a market is small enough that each can presume the actions of the others , depending on what they do . 
  so they can take this into account when choosing what to do . 
  so they can collectively act in a coordinated manner even without explicitly coordinating !, 
  that 's kind of the whole point of the concept !, 
  is this significant for calculating international atomic time ( and related systems ) ? 
  they get gravitational corrections , wiki mentioned :, 
   in the 1970s , it became clear that the clocks participating in tai were ticking at different rates due to gravitational time dilation , and the combined tai scale therefore corresponded to an average of the altitudes of the various clocks . 
  starting from julian date 2443144.5 ( 1 january 1977 00:00:00 ) , corrections were applied to the output of all participating clocks , so that tai would correspond to proper time at mean sea level ( the geoid ) . 
  whether its a problem or not is really up to the addict . 
  `` it 's bad for your health '' is only advice , and does not impose any obligations to the one receiving that advice . 
  depending on the level of harm , this can be a good tradeoff for the pleasure obtained , or not , in someone 's subjective opinion , which is king here . 
  in the case of harm not constituting much more than just being addicted , that could easily go in favor of pleasure .
