  but the other study does . 
  there 's a device - a kanger subtank that produces 310ng/puff of formaldehyde at 20w . 
  but it also vaporises quite a lot of liquid . 
  so for a 3ml/day consumption it would create 40microgram of formaldehyde a day . 
  so , roughly in the same ballpark as what we got with the simplistic approximation above . 
  yeah , happened quite a few times to me . 
  got back to vaping when i resolved whatever stopped me from doing it on each occasion . 
  not great at all , but certainly not the end of my vaping . 
  also , i should note that i am living in a smallish eastern european city , and getting * some * kind of juice etc really is n't difficult at all , at least here . 
  at some point most newstands had some kind or another , i know some have stopped carrying it by now , but unsure if that 's generally the case , or perhaps many still have it . 
  there are however 3 b&m shops ( well , 2 dedicated stands in a mall { ? }, 
  really , and a proper shop ) in the city , so it is easy to get what you need in a pinch . 
  edit : ah , i see you 're planning to visit here ( i 'm in zadar ) . 
  -- that 's some badly broken croatian there , 
   obviously the scientist quoted in the media story compared mls of air with mls of e-liquid . 
  this is utterly ridiculous , but also quite trivial . 
  honestly we 've got ta be able to debunk at least this level of stupidity ourselves , when dr. farsalinos or another credible researcher is n't available to help . 
   we pulse our batteries when we vape . 
  this means we can use them at much higher levels than what the continuous current tests show . 
  a question - while we do n't continously discharge the battery , we do n't let the battery cool much between the pulses either . 
  i 've seen it said based on this fact that it is unwise to go beyond continous discharge ratings when vaping . 
  is this after all false ? 
  what would be the temp curve of a battery w/o any cooling that is constantly pulsed to full discharge with only short pauses vs its continous discharge curve ? 
  damn . 
  could you give him the public health england report , or some news coverage of it ? 
  its reasonably recent , and it speaks in rather understandable terms , for the first few pages anyway ... maybe you can link him say the guardian story on that analysis : http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/aug/19/public-health-england-e-cigarettes-safer-than-smoking, 
  wow , the british press really is completely braindead :, 
   eu diplomats unanimously agreed a call for the european commission to prepare a legislative proposal by 2017 , in a draft document seen by the guardian that eu finance ministers will sign off at a meeting next tuesday . 
  so the british finance minister , among other member state finance ministers , calls for higher taxes on ecigarettes , a proposal that can be rejected by both the commision and the parliament , sometime in 2017 , and presuming it ever happens , its somehow relevant in the brexit campaign ? 
  while the domestic government is the one advocating for it ? 
  and the press just goes along with this title , and does so years before any potential institutional agreement ? 
  a link which , if you click , is not some kind of a warning but an obligatory preliminary refit analysis of the feedback on tobacco exice duty directive 's implementation :, 
   according to article 19 , paragraph 1 of 1 the commission is required to submit a report on the rates and structure of excise duty laid down in this directive every four years, 
  and concluding , among a bunch of tobacco-taxation related technicalities , rather merely :, 
   further analyse the possibility of including e-cigarettes in the scope of excise duty on tobacco products . 
  and no hint of the idea of harmonization at the highest level . 
  edit : also note , contra the article 's title , its body says 2 nations are pushing highest taxation , so presumably that 's not even part of the unanimous agreement of the national governments ? 
  as someone who enjoys flavorless vaping , but is still struggling with nicotine addiction , ca n't say that 's been my experience ... 
  also , are n't the flavors we 're using food flavorings ? 
  did cigarettes have food flavorings in them ? 
  and why would that be addictive ? 
  i 'm even thinking of trying to allow myself occasional low-nic vape , if i ever get to the point of mostly 0mg vape ( a quest that 's sadly going slower than i hoped :( ) . 
  the stimulating effect is rather focusing . 
  `` we '' flew to the moon on ~ ~ coffeine ~ ~ caffeine and nicotine after all :d, 
  edit : stupid spelling, 
  interesting , thx !, 
   do you deal with depression ? 
  have any spectrum disorder ? 
  alcoholic ? 
  i do n't think so ; nothing diagnosed certainly . 
  my sleeping cycle is totally fucked up , that 's about it . 
  but could be genetic ; literally everyone in my family smokes , and for all their attempts , and there 've been many , only one actually got rid of the addiction , quite a few years ago so hopefully permanently . 
  i do n't think i 'd fit w adhd at all really ; am/was anything but unfocused or forgetful or hyperactive and such . 
  getting to sleep , and overall sticking to something resembling a 24h cycle is pita though ( doable , w agressive alarms and long periods of staring at the dark while trying to fall asleep , then catching up over the weekends if needed -- but damn unpleasent ) , but i 'd guess its just poor sleep hygene over the years that has caught up w me ... 
  great !, 
  i 'll certainly give that a try !, 
  kako rece nas drag guverner , upravo na temu uvodjenja eura : `` freedom 's just another word for nothing left to loose '' , 
  dakle , imho 10 + godina smo bar naprosto tehnicki nesposobni uvesti euro . 
  genijalno !, 
  i just watched his video , the one that started the thing . 
  there , cheesebanana says some guy showed him the technique , so he is n't the inventor apparently . 
  still makes no sense to me , and i hate following recipes that make no sense ; why bother spreading the fibers only to roll them back together ? 
  how does dad 's girlfriend get to tell you where you can vape ? 
  or even smoke ? 
  excuse my language , but how does fucking your dad give her any authority over your behavior ? 
  sounds like the authentic rda or mech mod markets -- far too low volumes of production to make economical sense at the kind of prices we 're used to paying for mass-manufactured things . 
  fixed capital costs like making a clean room would n't be hiking the prices as much if the volumes of production were large and the actual marginal costs remained low . 
  that would make sense , but when you roll it , tight-ish-ly and esp when you then shove it in the coil , have n't you re-compactified the fibers you were just spacing out ? 
  re devices with premade coils , i see various subohm tanks are now popular . 
  but , any good newer clearos that usually vape at significantly less than say 20w ? 
  i know nautilus is a classical choice , but has anything more recent of such kind had much hype/good reviews ? 
  or is one simply better off using some of the higher-resistance premade coils for the subohm tanks ? 
  doubt you can use that kanthal for anything under tc . 
  think you need a substantially thinner ni200 coil to realistically wrap .2 ( play with the parameters on steam-engine to see which exactly ) - 24ga is huge . 
  or use a tc wire with a bit more resistance per length , like titanium or some of the ss alloys ( if either is supported by your mod that is ), 
  but , ca n't you fire below .2 ? 
  thought most tc mods can fire even .05 or at least .1 ? 
  there 's no particular reason you 'd need to reach something like .2, 
  think that can fire even a .05 . 
  you do n't need to wrap more than something like that . 
  well , except because your wattage will be quite limited by the 25a limit of the cuboid on such a low resistance ... 
  yeah , well , it is one of its forms ( its vitamer ), 
  kinda . 
  think some are worried about the possibility of forming hexavalent chromium from that , so do n't want ss in power mode , and do n't want to glow them or burn them . 
  plus tc is usually less precise on ss . 
  you 're giving an argument on why regulated mods are more convenient to use . 
  i 'd be surprised if anyone disputed that . 
  re dangers of mechs , you 're still right , it is more dangerous - and i 'm rather annoyed 2c fuse did n't caught on , as a fuse , rather than regulation is what 's missing in mechs . 
  but i never saw fuses w more than 7a so no wonder , and thats quite a shame . 
  anyhow , the mech user is fine as long as he knows exactly what the battery he 's using can take , and knows what resistance he 's putting on it -- and that 's got ta be a resistance the battery can take even if it autofires -- unless somehow the atomizer shorts !, 
  then he 's fucked , and here 's a danger one ca n't do much about -- though at least an imr battery should just vent even then ( and hopefully the pipe 's got some venting ) rather than have a catastrophic runaway as an icr can easily . 
  anyhow , that shitty scenario could be avoided simply by having a trivial fuse ... 
  did you not notice i said the damn things are in fact more dangerous ? 
  maybe this way of putting it helps :, 
  there 's danger as in risk you ca n't do all that much to permanently mitigate , and then there 's danger as in , someone might hurt themselves if uninformed . 
  mechs have both , certainly more than regulated mods , but honestly the later dangers dominate . 
  that does n't bother me really - any introductory discussion of mechs should and usually does include warnings to this effect , in particular regarding battery safety - and it is n't exactly rocket science . 
  if ppl do n't care , well ... you do n't really slip up here , you 're either doing dangerous shit or know what you should n't do . 
  yet its the risks difficult to mitigate that really scare me , random events or fiddly little things that one needs to be constantly vigilant about and a slipup is deadly . 
  like with uninsulated hybrid top-caps or atomizer shorts generally .
