  i left my mind control device in another apartment . . 
   for them , it seems like a victory to become a priest of a patriarchal order . 
  i do n't think they stand a chance tbh . 
  this is n't a minor rule for the catholics , they 've proclaimed it dogma . 
  think these are just on their way to excommunication and possibly then making some new renegade organization . 
  otherwise , why would you be torn , both your stands seem reasonable to me - it is a brave fight for equality these people , whatever they may believe , certainly deserve . 
  and they are fostering supernatural bullshit that will poison young minds . 
  keep your conflicted , multifaceted views , why would you need to flatten them into one bit of info ? 
   what fucking discussion are you having ? 
  well this one :, 
   ever since these changes have been implemented the only posts on this page have been genuinely interesting articles on atheism . 
  i mean i like memes and all , but this seems to be a genuinely good improvement, 
    and , everything new has been apparently blocked by indiscriminate rage downvotes . 
     so let me see if i understand this . 
  the new changes are there so i, 
  can not quickly up vote images . 
  but when i quickly down vote content i am not interested , that is wrong ? 
  or that 's the only thread you replied to ... and it certainly does n't discuss dissatisfaction with the unilateral changes - but proper voting behavior ( i 've been in enough of those for one day ), 
   if anything , your point shows more reason for the changes to stay, 
  . . that might have been his/her point, 
  the fist two facts are accepted by non-fundamentalist protestants , catholics and i 'm sure many other belief systems ( certainly buddhists for eg ), 
  as already replied , only your lack of belief in a god makes you an atheist . 
  for it means just that , no more , no less . 
  failing to see why believing claims lacking evidence could be a good idea . 
  initially , not quite sure , i was in 7th grade so i do n't remember , but not finding the claims plausible , finding the arguments circular . . 
  y , we do n't, 
  neat approach . 
  practically no difference :d, 
  why does n't this one 's thumb work ? 
  in what way ? 
  i mean , you can see their thumbs immediately , that was one of the main usability complaints . 
  on phones maybe something 's different ? 
  well , the only part being atheist included , was the one about not believing in deities . 
  not sure why you presume this necessarily goes along with any extra positive or negative qualities . 
  at best , there could be demographic tendencies . 
  and i 'm not convinced that independent , fact based thought would be one of them to any great extent . 
  hmh , i think closing it will just necessitate adding something like www.facebook.com/photo.php to the filter :(, 
  pushing a bunch of these memes to the top could however either demonstrate the futility of this ( you 're still getting karma this way , there 's no extra inconvenience in viewing and hence voting on it - and that was the crux of the argument from a fairer voting ) - or be a suggestion at a compromise if they stick to the changes ( i presume it at least does make the submission process less obvious , so there could still be less memes ), 
  did n't - takes a moment for the bot to kick in, 
  we 've conversed before in those posts of yours :d, 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i do n't have a fb account , i see them fine ? 
  we have no way of detecting , and hence counting how many planets in our stellar neighborhood , let alone the universe are suitable for sustaining life . 
  and if life were so exceedingly rare that it only arose once in the visible universe , obv we 'd be on that place , how would this again imply god ? 
  huh !, 
  is it impractical to submit though ? 
  yup , not in new, 
  except this one , newest, 
  the pope is allowed to believe in evolution btw, 
  maybe you 're submitting too much and hitting some filters ? 
  stuck in moderation queue ? 
  not sure how all that works ? 
  `` i have . . ppl '' not the best way to phrase that sentence , given the rules . 
  still , does that sound like a vote brigade ? 
   send out ims , tweets , or any other message asking people to vote for your submission -- or comply when other people ask you . 
  this will result in a ban from the admins . 
  your submission should get points for being good , ** not because the submitter is part of a voting clique ** . 
  `` two other ppl told me they ca n't see it either '' seems more logical . 
  and more true i presume . 
  i have two other ppl telling me , two other ppl told me , idk much about those rules , and i guess its some idiom expression , but the connotation can be taken as , some ppl are doing what you tell them re these submissions . 
  which is bannable i believe . 
  just being paranoid i guess , sry, 
  me too . 
  i do n't even have a fb profile . 
  i think you need to make it clear you 're not telling ppl to vote in any way , suggesting or directing anyones actions but yourown re what to vote for . 
  again idk , i saw posts submitted openly advocating downvoting by type of content , not sure if that saw any moderator action but ... 
  well are n't these as much directly linked images as say an imgur link is ? 
  its not like say imgur is a link to a raw jpeg either . 
  i do n't think any rules have been broken by posting direct imagelinks in these creative manners ( since the rule claims , apparently falsely if you try to push the code , that it will just remove the imagelink and offer a helpful self post link instead - not that you must n't do it ) . 
  i think rule 1 . is being violated , not rule 2 . 
  rule 1 . states `` if you do n't , the bot will remove it and reply with a helpful link '' . 
  but that 's more of a broken promise , and which was broken by your attempts at evasion , than a violation i 'd say . 
  this is n't a conspiracy theory though , i was folowing the experiment . 
  imageposts avoided the bot for a while , tuber then caught on and they disappeared from new , though there was older content there . 
  he even left a george constanza clapping pic for arrow74 :d http://www.reddit.com/r/atheismrebooted/comments/1fyzqh/i_found_a_great_loophole/caf5znt, 
  i 'm not sure its any particular abuse though , but everything stated did happen . 
  nah , there was a bunch of them in new , then they disappeared , then arrow74 posted a new batch , then they disappeared again after a while . 
  could be arrow74 did a few extra iterations of this , very persistent , hope that does n't earn a ban for spamming . 
  its been hours since this started, 
  well , the only conjecture in what i wrote is that its tuber who did anything . 
  but he was active at the time , aware of what was happening since he commented in the `` i found a great loophole '' , and seems like a logical thing for a moderator to do - pick up what bot missed . 
  that 's what i considered a possibility too . 
  but u/tuber was awake , and aware of the method - http://www.reddit.com/r/atheismrebooted/comments/1fyzqh/i_found_a_great_loophole/caf5znt ( sry for repeating myself w the link ), 
  yup . 
  well , the hole is more patched than closed for now , if it indeed required manual intervention , and no helpful `` link to make it a self post '' was offered by the bot , but basically . 
  edit : this is my reaction to how op describes this http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/1fz2dc/2_no_content_is_being_removed_besides_direct/caf6a6p, 
  hm , that phrasing differs in a relevant manner from the sidebar, 
   images are still allowed ... just make them a self post . 
  if you do n't , the bot will remove it and reply with a helpful link, 
  crucially , the phrasing in the wiki makes posting imagelinks disallowed . 
  would n't that make everyone in atheismbot 's queue of removed links to be breaking the rules ? 
  qute the contrary , the phrasing in the sidebar say only that if you post imagelinks , they 'll be removed . 
  and even offers help in reposting the same thing . 
  which is a promise , not a prohibition . 
  technically that 's the case with imgur too, 
  hehe , that 's what rules are for ; to quibble about :d, 
  i 'm not taking a stand here , i can understand that given the rules , what the op described would be a possible outcome of this experiment , as well as the desireability of it having been allowed . 
  after all , this loophole is still less practical than posting memes w/o it , eg some said res did n't work properly . 
  and the mods did n't want to decimate the memes to the extent they did . 
  so they could 've just as well left it alone , for a while at least , and watch what happens,
