  i think practically , if it were little more succeptible to conscious control , enough for a psychological intervention to have decent success rate , we would n't have gotten off the dsm list of disorders . 
  we 'd have been convinced we need to drink this pill and talk to a therapist enough to change our minds . 
  so if it were more of a choice , it 'd barely exist by now , as a community , and the matter would be academical . 
  maybe with time we 'd have something like neurodiversity arguments , but it surely would 've drastically retarded our progress in social acceptance . 
  well seems to me if vtc4 is 30a because it reaches 100degc ( note , 100degc !!! ), 
  in discharge at it , and reaches 80ish degc at 20a , and vtc5 reaches 100degc at 25a , and 80ish degc at 20a , making one a 20a and the other 30a is still wrong . 
  if your criteria is 80degc , both are 20a , if its 100degc , one is 30a the other 25a . 
  that the vtc4 graph goes to 100degc curve is arguably just a less responsible spec ( both batteries state their operating temperatures as up to 60degc ) , and vtc5 's spec going just to 80degc is likely just a more responsible cutoff . 
  that should n't speak against the cell . 
  tldr : you really should n't be pushing vtc4 to 30a either . 
  edit : capacity is not unimportant either , for vtc5 doing 30a is around 100degc by 2000ishmah . 
  which is how much you 'd get from vtc4 anyhow . 
   browsing the web in a terminal really sucks . 
  ehh , kinda . 
  i do use w3m-running terminal as a quick `` check something on google/wiki '' interface . 
  but what i really liked was using it from emacs . 
  all the web is just an unintrusive buffer , styled just like the rest of my environment , as opposed to giving free range to the `` great artists '' of the web , and with minimum of distraction from the text . 
  have n't tried the new eww yet , but sounds like it should be miles better still . 
  though i 'd put a zenburn rather than these colors on it , personally . 
  it follows - you 're draining 30a , by the time this drains 2000ish mah , either vtc4 or vtc5 are at 100ish degc . 
  so that is what , 2a * h/30a = 1/15h = 60/15min = 4min . 
  there is a slight advantage to the vtc4 ( bit below 100 vs a bit above ) , which is basically in the slight difference in their internal resistance - 12 vs 13 mohm @ 1khz ac . 
  was he ever prosecuted for defamation ? 
  he had no evidence , yet made a claim damaging to the sanitary and product quality reputation of the company , quite reasonably costing them profits among whoever the nutters are to whom he preaches ? 
   it is fundamentally different in that the interfacing with each other and the computer ` tools ' directly is an order of magnitude better than slow techniques which rely on imperfect language and varying software skills in operating computer ` tools ' by hand . 
   you are stuck on filtering all interfacing tools through human senses . 
  i am advocating a direct cognitive coupling , rather than this primitive methodology . 
  right , but what i 'm trying to argue is that a virtual reality ( + speechui prob ) system should in principle offer exactly the same advantages , for it does the same thing , only targeting a slightly more peripheral portion of neural tissue . 
  here 's the description of the scenario - you want to connect all of those brains outputs to all the other brain inputs , right ? 
  and the obvious way to do it is to use the parts of our brain that are used for input and output for it . 
  especially big ones are - primary visual cortex , outclassing the runner-up , and primary auditory cortex as inputs , and our motor cortex as output . 
  perhaps limiting ourselves to the broca 's area , ie language output is quite close for there we seem to be already trained for most of our thinking output . 
  these are really high-bandwith interconnects between the brains , you could hardly seek better . 
  plus you 're limited by the neural plasticity of an adult brain in how dramatically you could re-purpose its areas . 
  now , stimulating the primary visual and auditory cortex with electric signals produces subjectively sights and sounds . 
  so if other people 's linguistic production is stimulating your visual and auditory cortex , you 'd experience also sights and sounds . 
  but then this is exactly equivalent to having their spoken language heard and visualized !, 
  you could easily map their noises ( and movements if you want to expand the output to more of the motor cortex - and in fact eye movements might be a great output etc ) to visualizations and the like today . 
  a direct neural interconnect is in fact just some extremely simple visualization of their speech - and you still have to decide which type it is exactly even when choosing on how to wire their outputs to the visual cortex . 
  so it should follow , that having high-rez vr goggles with speakers and a mic should allow for just as deep a merging into a team intellect as brain surgery you propose would . 
  in which case , for its simple medical non-invasiveness , as well as comparative technical simplicity , it should be the preferred way of doing this going forward . 
   but scientists have checked only a tiny fraction of bugs for their ability to produce potential antibiotics because 99 % can not be grown in laboratories . 
   lewis 's group found a way around the problem by developing a device called an ichip that cultures bacteria in their natural habitat . 
  very cool , one does n't often hear good news on the antibiotic front . 
  apart from getting `` cluttered '' , was there a significant cultural change in the sub when that happened ? 
  i did n't get to know it before . 
  oh , thx for the link . 
  that analysis got talked about but i never saw it properly . 
  lazy to search at the time . 
   it wo n't offer the same advantages . 
  it 's the difference between a horse-drawn travois ( without wheels ) and a high-speed bullet train . 
  i would 've liked to see that argument made , but whatever, 
   the rest of your post involves retaining the status quo using ( usually erroneously ) medical terminology . 
  really ? 
  well i was trying to investigate a futuristic concept i found fascinating , and about which you made a post , hoping for a stimulating chat . 
  if all you can offer is unspecified condescension , fuck this waste of time ... 
  ah , no , here i was commenting on uploading , which the poster above brought up , not your concept . 
  uploading as in whole-brain emulation in software . 
  there you could play with the neuron structure as much as you desire . 
  ( so then you could easily grow more neurons somewhere ), 
  often a reason to go down this route are fears about the morals of some future agi . 
  i was wondering if this route actually does more harm than good in that respect . 
  perhaps we should be more prepared to trust a well-designed machine , as opposed to a human ? 
  just so this conversation does n't go south as fast as the other one , these are exploratory questions , not some criticism or anything like that . 
  i thought `` pushing '' against an idea , raising possible issues and alternatives and the like , can offer opportunities for clarifications , explorations of possibilities etc. 
  as to the schema you 're describing here , yeah enhancements you describe are quite cool , but re the interface you imagine , could you go into more details , or bring up some links ? 
  i was researching brain/computer interfaces a bit recently , and as far as i could gather , all transcranial methods were severely limited in resolution ( even if recently boosted by some algorithms etc ) . 
  i was checking out papers on hd-eeg and hd-dot , and algorithms like loreta , sloreta , laura , and while it looked great if the idea was some medical applications or even cool things like , say learning to control a drone by putting oneself in different mental states , it was , it would seem , far from what would be necessary for applications you suggest . 
  it involved using really grossly separable thoughts like , thinking of your feet vs hands when you want to go left or right , and not something intuitive , to be of good precision . 
  and this was fundamentally because at best it achieved localization of the signal on a centimeter scale . 
  which is quite big . 
  this is no way to get nearly as much bandwith to do the augmentations you describe , i thought . 
  and if one wanted a level of detail to be able to say read activities of individual dendrites , which is explored on a different tangent , namely it is a necessity for mapping the neural structure for the purposes of mind uploading , the notion of doing so with a live brain was considered unfeasible simply because it is n't sufficiently stable while living , and so the approaches considered there include plastination or vitrification of the brain , and then slicing it up into ultrafine slices for scanning under electron tomography . 
  so that 's certainly not something you 'd do with a living brain . 
  so all i was left with that should work , after that investigation , seemed to include neurosurgery by necessity . 
  edit : oh , and by your formatting , i presume you 're new to reddit ? 
  a tip then - you can use a  symbol at the beginning of a paragraph mark a piece of text as a quote . 
  easier and more readable than your you '' ... '' , me convention . 
  click on `` formatting help '' when editing if you need more details !, 
   i assume you mean brain hemispheres and the corpus callosum . 
  you use a lot of medical labels to place a thin veneer of expertise over your assertions . 
  at least get them right . 
  hah , i wo n't let this ninja-edit go past me , you 're totally ( and doubly ) wrong :, 
  one , i was not talking about hemispheres at all . 
  if you could think so , then i probably misunderstood what you 're trying to say more deeply then i thought , but apparently you were no more successful in understanding me either . 
  let me backtrack to identify some of that confusion :, 
  when you said :, 
   the man/machine interface should be good enough to allow about 8 top minds to ` jack-in ' . 
  they would arrange their geometry ( collective may be best ) and through the machine have prodigious memory , knowledge , calculating power , etc. 
  i understood you wanting to connect the top 8 brains in some fashion . 
  is even that much false ? 
  hope not . 
  if so , then you can see how i can speak of `` high bandwith interconnects between the brains '' and not mere hemispheres , right ? 
  two , i think you 're misjudging the nature of this conversation completely . 
  i 'm not making assertions at all , this is not about disputation at all ( well , or was n't up to this post ... ) , for we 're speculating about nonexistent future technologies - rather , i 'm investigating some of your ideas , trying to pinpoint what they technically are , as well as clarify their advantages etc. 
  if you can offer point-by-point rebuttals ending with a conclusion of the kind `` and this is why doing it this way is far superior '' , in fact , i 'd be thrilled to read such a productive exchange !, 
  so there is no reason or motivation on my part to even try projecting any veneer of expertise ( hah , what expertise ) . 
  what i 'm aiming for is pinpointing more details , and i use what i know to do so . 
  can i be totally off base ? 
  hell yeah , unashamedly - this is perfectly normal for a conversation here , people learn from each other , from bouncing their preliminary thoughts and understanding from others etc.
