  evidence follows much stricter criteria of linkage of fact to position , namely that of the position just entailing the evidence , and also that the evidence need be unlikely without it - and i suggested using a seemingly broader term of `` giving argument '' to indicate the distinction to some broader couplings of fact to position . 
  now , a discussion of the philosophical underpinnings of just these forms admitted as evidence would require some discussion on ( idealised ) history of science and probabilistic rationality - i might attempt it , as i started writing on it already but thought it too much for an answer which i think is already serving its purpose of clarifying the notion of evidence * used here * . 
  more important point to raise again here is simply that this kind of reasoning is already used , implicitly or explicitly by the believers in creating their model of the world , to the extent this is informed by science ( or implied by say relying on devices that do so to work as advertised ) . 
  the important difference is that , on top of this model of the world , and this principle of establishing its practically usable models of truth , the believer will also use looser arguments ( if any ) to defend an additional premise . 
  the weak atheist will remain on the other hand epistemically minimal , and consistent - judging any such claims and their purported support just as harshly as if they were on any other factual matters . 
  this is why the argument will be crucially one from parsimony ; that addition of such comparatively dubious claim can only degrade the model ; that addition of a premise that does n't entail new true measurable objective facts unaccounted for by the model already can not but decrease its probability of being true . 
  or more laconically stated ( attributed to laplace ) : the poster 's ( and generally , the agnostic atheist ) attitude on the issue of god is one of - `` i had no need of that hypothesis . '', 
  well , how emotionally are you invested in the fates of your gandkids grandkids for this to be a big boost to your hedon count ? 
  that suggested advantage still seems a marginal upgrade beyond a simply comfortable life for your family . 
  yeah , i guess pulling a bill gates in the end is quite rewarding , and certainly ethical , provided the way you got it was n't terribly unethical . 
  which i guess this is n't compared to world problems like malaria or whatnot you can tackle . 
  perhaps uncomfortably utilitarian if you do need to knowlingly screw few ppl over to get to the point of helping satisfy the needs of the many , but certainly understandable . 
  izvor je shit though ; jel ima sta po netu o tom da nije 24h ? 
  might i ask which denomination ? 
  is your church normally welcoming to lgbt people , or are you at odds with it over it ? 
  well anyhow , i hail from one of the more conservative parts of already conservative and strongly catholic croatia . . born in a nationalist family . 
  given all these conditions , i think i 've been reasonably lucky so far ; me and my bf do n't really hide , are affectionate in public etc ( to a degree and depending etc ) yet have never been attacked yet . 
  friend was not so lucky . 
  or rather , he was but his boyfriend was n't ( a `` funny '' territorial thing ; a group of thugs saw them exchange a public kiss , then recognised my friend as their schoolmate or street friend or something ; and his boyfriend was foreign ; austrian - so they attacked only the foreign bf ; nothing serious i gather . 
  `` maybe he 's a fag but at least he 's our fag '' kind of logic i presume ... ) ... 
  but sry , i 'm rambling ... 
  as to negative christian interactions ( though practically everyone is christian - catholic nominally at least ; 86 % or so - though interestingly only about 65 % state they believe in a god , as opposed to choosing an option like belief in a universal spirit or something such -- which does n't make sense as they say the nicene creed every sunday but ... ) well , that would be my family , or my mum in particular . 
  she is strongly religious now but was n't so fixated on the church in my highschool . 
  so i made the mistake of coming out to her . 
  well , the good thing i can say about it is that i was never kicked out ; financially she continued to support me quite responsibly . 
  i did get years of regular verbal abuse however : homophobic slurs , vulgar comments on getting fucked up my ass or sucking dick and such . 
  not the prettiest thing to hear your mum say . 
  stopped all contact with her for a number of years , and amazingly she is apparently genuinely trying to be nice now . 
  really nice . 
  idk still hard to believe it . 
  should 've stopped all contact with her ages ago if i 'd known that would work . 
  my usual tactic up to then was simply to show no response , and leave ... she did fixate on her religion immediately when i came out though , with the above results , so i kinda feel maybe that vampire of a church would not have gotten a chance to mess with her mind as much if i had simply not came out to family ... 
  edit : oh , forgot to mention the ustashe grandpa  well not exactly , but close enough ; a hard-right antisemite with fascist sympathies . 
  no way in hell i 'm coming out to him . 
  :d besides , an old senile man with a weak heart that has been kind to me at least and as far as i know never mean to any actual people ; just disgusting to listen to when the hatered starts ... 
  ahh , guess my wishes are reasonably cheap :d but you need to have rather extravagant tastes indeed ( yachts and whatnots ) to really need billions to fulfill them . 
  this is what seems like a marginal life-comfort upgrade over just being safe you 'll not go hungry etc. 
  in your life , and moreover potentially a spoiling one . 
  i mean really , getting into yachting to be able to spend in line with your pocketbook ? 
  hell , esp for a vr enthusiast ; should n't he be dreaming of virtual yahts anyhow :d, 
  hardly a meme ; its a rather classical position in metaethics ; that moral claims can not have objective truth , for they are not even expressing propositions to have a truth value . 
  for ayer , the vienna circle , stevenson , hare , to an extent hume 's and similar philosophers , `` killing is wrong '' is about equivalent to `` booo killing '' ( emotivist ) or maybe as `` do n't kill '' ( prescriptivist ), 
  can you look at the ishihara plates and see the proper numerals with them on under normal indoor lighting ? 
  what about in full daylight ? 
  which kind of defect ? 
  i gather these would work best for the mildest ( but most common ) cases , ie deuteranomaly and protanomaly, 
   colorblind people ca n't see the colours were take for granted . 
  ever . 
  not even with these glasses . 
  wikiing it :, 
  most cases are n't that severe ; eg most common is apparently deuteranomaly ( 5 % of male population ) , and these ppl have all their their red , green , blue cones on the retina - its just that the green ones have an altered pigment , that 's letting them activate more than they should when looking at red , and so giving them less hue discrimination between them ( and similar w protanomaly - 1 % of male population - on the red cones ) . 
  the problem then is - getting too much light through the pigment on some cones , when one should n't . 
  a filter could help with that ? 
  not sure , but if the glasses cut out some of spectrum where the activations of the two types of cones overlap , so that it decreases the joint activation of red and green cones to a more normal level given some hue , that * sounds * like it should work just as intended , bringing the patient closer to a normal color response , no ? 
  as far as i can see , actually missing either of those cones is 2 % of male population combined ( 1 % deuteranopia or missing the green cones completely , and 1 % protanopia , or missing the red ones ) . 
  ah , sure ; no doubt true . 
   given that the position has been largely dismissed in ethics ,, 
  well , that seems overstating it , its a minority position , but not an insignificant one in the one study linked on wiki at least :, 
   one study found that 56 % of philosophers accept or lean towards moral realism ( 28 % : anti-realism ; 16 % : other ) . ^ [ 3 ], 
  that 's just a 2-to-1 majority ; possibly less depending on what 's left for the `` other '' . 
  would n't be surprised ethicists like it less though , given that its hardly a position conducive to their research programme ... 
  oh , not at all ; i 'm finding this discussion quite enjoyable . 
  i 'll have to respond with some delay though ; tomorrow ; for i 'm beat , and capable at best of vegetating in front of the screen before losing consciousness . 
  seems like i 'll write some on dark matter after all though - but just that part ... 
  i 'd love to discuss the grounding argument -- that is exactly the one i find the most interesting deist position and most sensible -- but before that i have to say i 'm not happy at all how you treat the dark matter hypothesis here ; it is both less solidly accepted ( well in `` exactly what is it '' sense - but also with some ambient insecurity of `` maybe we 're really looking at this the wrong way ; is something wrong with gravity after all or etc '' much higher than for something we 'd be prepared to actually * believe * ) and also more solidly experimentally explored ( lensing for one yeah , but you dismiss it lightly as if its circular , yet bullet cluster data supports a physically separate location for most of the dark matter vs visible matter , not allowing mere modifications of gravity to account for it but necessitating more actual stuff - though maybe now neutrinos would suffice -- but still lensing is n't all ; there 's baryon acoustic oscillations data and cosmic microwave background fluctuations , ofc the galaxy rotation curves though that certainly can work with gravity modification - but ugly !, 
  oh so ugly modifications - and i 'm prob missing a few clues too . . ) so despite this litany i cut short , still physics is hunting for dark matter - not a given , done thing ; we 've got the wimp searches , and axion searches , and we hope to see convincing sterile neutrino searches -- and the nobel prize given to people who find it ( if its there ) will be for the discovery of dark matter . 
  the most salient and revealing thing dark matter implies is a particle of a certain interaction crosspectrum and size ( range , and prob there 's a bunch of models that differ in detail , at least 3 really important families of them . . ) , and untill this implication of the theory is put to rest , it will just be an advanced hypothesis , a model etc. 
  i want to emphasize just how much effort is spend here to actually verify exactly the things we end up believing to be true , and reject the falsehood - that are still a real possibility in people 's minds even in an empirically advanced field like dark matter . 
  let alone on ideas that do as you say for now merely -- make the picture work -- but still have much less of their key empirical predictions succesfully , like with inflation . 
  inflation is a story of fitting the picture ; creates the universe from what can be any random fluctuation of nothingness , and blows it up into something essentially infinite or so gigantic that our visible universe is microscopic in comparison , then the field that did that - all the while respecting general relativity , and presuiming generally very little ; a single scalar field say - then decays and becomes all the radiation and mass of the universe ; the bang . 
  and it even makes predictions that came true ; but sadly only the boring ones ; a flat , isotropic universe etc. 
  the options that are apriori most likely by being simplest anyhow . 
  mr linde is brilliant , but untill they find the primordial gravitational waves inflation predicts left an inprint in the cmb , he 's not getting the nobel prize , and inflation remains in the realm of possibilities not accepted facts , even though its such a lovely possibiliy , that of lawful creation of the universe from nothing ( well presuming the laws ofc ), 
  i 'm sorry for insisting on the details of these stories , but i need to illustrate just how hard finding the right model really is ; as i plan to pivot to how weak armchair arguments look in comparison to the empirical evidence expected even of premises to be just taken seriously ( like inflation ; string theory would be a similar story but a fair bit out of my depth ) ; let alone as proven . 
  and mostly because humans are so diabolically good at making a billion models that all fit the current data that you ca n't pin down what * it * is untill you really go for the most telling of entailments of a premise ; the ones practically impossible unless that exact model is true ( such as - an exact `` dark '' massive particle for dark matter ) . 
  you can observe all this as a process of making the picture work ; that 's essentially a coherence theory of truth and bayesian account of evidence is much like that . 
  its just a mightly tight fit , as one strives to find exactly where the picture might break down to distinguish otherwise empirically similar models . 
  hm , i probably am . 
  i 'll read on it further before commenting . 
  i 'm gon na have a heartattack one of these days when someone links the nature paper in the context of a discussion of how post-fan hui alphago works w/o marking what it is . 
  i start thinking `` maybe they finally published something on how they scaled the thing from fan hui to lee sedol + '' and then the disappointment sets in . 
  its a brilliant paper though . 
  but you 're killing me this way :p, 
  surely the highest quality death is an exit bag when you 're sufficiently sick of being say old and frail and/or sickly ? 
  quick too . 
  you mean the rl net ? 
  that model converged in a couple of days in the paper ( or is it weeks ? 
  paper is linked above so you can find the number exactly -- anyhow , short ) . 
  if they managed to train it more , they had to use a novel model to do it . 
  and it did n't scale to much more hardware either . 
  well , w/o tpus , idk if that changes much . 
  should n't . 
  no , no - they did interesting things to it , even if these were just many small tweaks here and there on a buch of places . 
  i really wish i knew how . 
   does n't say for sure that it converged so maybe they really just tried to train it longer/with better hardware . 
  that 's grasping at straws -- they could n't wait an extra day for the rl net to improve many times ? 
  it would do that if it was still far-unconverged after just one day of training . 
  and normally you publish your training times to convergence , else your paper discusses the fact that you stopped training prematurely . 
  and more hw does n't do anything at all in training time , but speed things up . 
   you 're skeptical about if hardware would really make such a difference but note that the paper used `` only '' 50 gpu 's whereas their distributed version which beat fan hui used `` 1,202 cpus and 176 gpus . '',
