  well i have no intention of marrying even if and when it becomes legally possible . 
  i might use the registered partnership law . 
  simply because of the chauvinist baggage the term carries . 
  and divorce remains overly complicated . 
  but afaik that is the only explicit discrimination against me and on the basis of my sexuality in the books . 
  so yes , it does address inequality as such , and does so completely and utterly , since it vanishes yet currently exists , even though it fills up only a hole i do n't even need . 
  and that 's the huge deal - not marriage and consequently adoption , per se , but finally an end to legal oppression . 
  which is pretty much the strongest political message the parliament is in any position to sent to the society in re to the position of sexual minorities . 
  and its pretty clearly seen as such a key issue by the conservatives too . 
  would love to know who 's next !, 
  scotland 's basically done , luxemburg def next year , chile 's new government promised it , so i guess soon , ireland in 15 ' providing the referendum passes , and it should , we 'll see what happens with the citizen 's initiative in finland in february i gather ... 
  what 's next in the us ? 
  new mexico or ? 
  on the less-than-equal front , malta , italy , croatia , and maybe greece should be getting civil unions . 
  just means the map needs to be a bit smaller . 
  anti-discrimination and hate crimes laws are in effect in many of these countries too . 
  and in quite a few additional ones . 
  i 've not been to the best of countries to comment , though it could be , my partner at least was impressed with denmark , though he was there only half a year . 
  anyhow , legal equality is good enough for me - laws are a public matter , private hatred is entirely their problem . 
  well , having a functional rule of law is ofc a precondition for anything , but that 's not really that rare . 
  anyhow :, 
   just because its not written into the letter of the law hardly means its private, 
  , and then you try to demonstrate your point with obviously illegal and sure public actions . 
  i do n't really follow . 
   its okay to be discriminated against as along as the government frowns on it ? 
  actually yes , pretty much . 
  for legal protection is as much as can be hoped on any civil rights matter - to have the legal means to defend oneself from abuse by criminals . 
  to have the deterrent of the police and penalties of law from prejudice culminating in discriminatory actions . 
  criminals can ofc appear at any moment on any matter , there is no ultimate solution even in principle there . 
  which is why that seems a silly definition of equality . 
  edit : and wtf is with the downvote discussion . 
  read rediquette . 
  if i had nothing to contribute , you would n't have repeatedly had anything to say either ... 
  there is no binary equality-nonequality on the matter of - how often is a minority illegaly abused . 
  its some number . 
  and yes it can always happen somewhere to some minority in some way however well integrated it is into a society . 
  there is however a definable legal equality , so that seems a more sensible metric to me . 
  i 'm not even sure its difficult to measure , just difficult to determine what you 'd mean by `` equality '' there . 
  ofc if we 're speaking of just habitual breaking of these laws by population and institutions in some area , that 's easy enough to recognize as making the law basically unenforced and irrelevant , so that clearly ca n't be equality . 
  but i do n't think that 's the general case in most of these countries . 
  these are in many cases honestly decently integrated societies . 
  then there 's just a matter of occasional , aberrant cases of someone 's rights being violated , which simply will occasionally happen , and one need work on this being less and less , sure . 
  i guess matters like public school bullying are an intermediary case , where one need require higher standards in an institutional protection of one part of the population given to its care from another . 
  and in the end there 's just private bigotry of a part of population , which if it does n't spill out to the commercial area as discrimination is really just their business and not necessarily something one might tackle in the short term . 
  ofc a tolerant society and education system is likely to diminish their numbers in the long run . 
  but in terms of political , legal agenda setting , there 's not much to do there . 
  it 's just a matter of long-term advocacy and firefighting _ using _ the tools and equal status you fought for in the political arena . 
  fascist ? 
  thought they were what passes for center-right there ? 
  could someone clarify , how radical are they actually ? 
  they did make some of that up for us in croatia , starting just days later :, 
  extensive , same-sex only civil unions , no adoption , but co-custody of the partner 's biological or adopted child is possible . 
  otherwise , looks to be identical to marriage . 
  both of these are quite a step for us ( i mean , germany only did something like that properly - what , last year ? ) . 
  and an unregistered union is exactly equal as well . 
  government adopted it , sent to parliament . 
  but that 's a formality , government controls a large majority . 
  edit : i see the huffpo article mentions president 's proposal for an extra amendment . 
  but sadly that has 0 chance of happening , a minor conservative party backing is also necessary for the change , and it ofc said no . 
  and i doubt he did n't know that , its ridiculously obvious , was my first comment the moment i heard of it . 
  posturing ... 
  well , but torrents and such are not what 's usually denoted by `` the cloud '' . 
  i think the point of the poster above was that `` the cloud '' normally denotes a pretty centralized architecture , moreso than what the p2p torrent model currently is . 
  to su vise puta tvrdili da ce zamrznuti il rezati . 
  evo krugmanovog ekonomskog savjeta - `` spending is good , and while productive spending is best , unproductive spending is still better than nothing . 
  private spending that is wholly or partially wasteful is also a good thing ... 
  ok , this is still mostly standard , although a lot of people hate , just hate , this kind of logic -- they want economics to be a morality play , and they do n't care how many people have to suffer in the process . '', 
  da je . 
  mislis na lafferovu krivulju ? 
  edit2 : evo sto sam nasao : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_spending 40 % 2011 . 
  edit3 : e da i -5 % jel nam je tako nesto sad rupe u budjetu . 
  redovit problem hr medija . 
  jer realno pravo vrijeme za stukturalne prilagodbe je bilo bice negdi oko 2004-2005 sad je vise stanje damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  a mozda i 'm giving them too much credit i ne znaju sto ce pa samo sele krivnju u frustraciji ... 
  watermark u nekoj nategnutoj analogiji , maybe . 
  lecun 's at fb ? 
  wow , this is getting interesting, 
  i 'm not sure if the song fits anymore though . 
  it might , i do n't know anything about possible scandals the new guy had or did n't have before becoming the pope . 
  but i thought this song was referencing the ( as far as i could tell solid ) accusations of the previous pope , that during his long role as the prefect of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith , he and/or his office was ( or should have been ) directly involved in coverups of pedophile priests . 
  and in particular there 's a certain letter of his outrightly ordering the bishops , under threat of excommunication , to keep silent on the internal investigations , these claimed to be an exclusive competence of the congregation , and in cases of pedophilia , even till the victims are 28 ( ie 10 years after reaching adulthoold ) !, 
  so church claims these crimes to be an internal matter , effectively putting itself outside the law of the countries . 
  thus , obstructing the justice system . 
  re objective morals - they first presume objective morals as something beyond a social convention or evolutionary trait , then claim to need supernatural basis . 
  one may as well accept that claim and for that reason reject the hypothesis , following just normal methodological naturalism . 
  re finetuning , think its sillier than that . 
  let 's presume a god does indeed desire a living universe . 
  then sure , the existence of life is certain under the god hypothesis and not certain without it . 
  then the fact there is any life is then some evidence for the existence of god . 
  this does n't mean that much ; let 's say god loves cheese . 
  the fact cheese exists , gives some evidence for such a god too . 
  its all just generalizing from one example , the universe . 
  however , why would the fact life requires fine-tuning to exist be any further evidence of god ? 
  would it be necessary if presuming god ? 
  who could say , maybe maybe not . 
  i 'd think not , a perfect designer could achieve his goal with robustness surely . 
  but whatever , no need to second-guess god here . 
  but would it be necessary if not presuming god ? 
  if not part of the `` design requirements '' , but rather a superfluous epiphenomena , then one would expect it not to be a robust feature - so then there 's definitely many ways the existence of life , if any , would require fine-tuning . 
  the idea that fine-tuning increases the chances of god is ridiculous , if anything it seems an argument against it .
