  some other program played against itself , this too is true . 
  alphago ( or rather , one of its components ) learned by observing one random position and final fesult of these games - that too is true . 
  but whether alphago played against itself is hardly changed by that . 
  did you play against lee sedol because you learned from some jubango game of him and gu li ? 
  how did alphago play against itself then by virtue of observing games some other program played ? 
   during its training it did play against itself to generate data, 
  a different program , the rl policy network played against itself , and it is n't a part of alphago . 
  how is this irrelevant for concluding what played against itself and what did n't ? 
  if a team abc consists of peope a , b and c , and a person d played some matches against him or herself , surely we can still say that the team abc played no matches against themselves . 
  even if they watched person d play itself . 
  we 're prob just debating semantics here , but i 'd like to see where exactly you 're aiming at . 
   they choose youtube ( i understand it , because google ) but i wish they had gone with twitch, 
  i think google bought twitch too recently, 
  oooh , interesting , thx, 
  i 'm hoping alphago wins , but surely sedol certainly has at least a chance , even if they advanced substantially in the meantime ? 
  one su komunisticke u smislu da njima vladaju komunisticke partije , dakle stranke i ljudi koji za proklamirani cilj imaju dosezanje takvog stanja ( apparently by any means they deem necessary ... ) . 
  imas kratki writeup ovog u : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_society, 
  althusser ) , raznih , recimo , kulturnih teoreticara ( eg gramsci ) etc. . 
  druga nezgoda je sto boljsevici koriste i time totalitarnim implikacijama prljaju pretty much sve simbole povijesnog komunizma ; bar su fasisti bili dovoljno pristojni da izmisle specificniju ikonografiju ... 
  you can certainly see people with less attributed metaphysical hangups ( at least among those problematic to modern ears yet found in traditional buddhism ) from that same time period , yes . 
  charvaka are present in that very india for eg , and in similar times you have leucippus and democritus in greece for eg . 
  yet these are n't exactly modern thinkers either , but products of their times in other ways , and i think it is prudent to be reasonably skeptical of overly or uncritically modernist interpretations of the buddha as well . 
  even in the case where we have sources closer to the times in question ( in buddhism , we do n't even know what the times in question are - i gather the short chronology , putting the buddha 's death around 400bce , has gained popularity in recent academia , vs the previous long one with around 480ish bce dates ... -- huge difference , esp when comparing with timescales of schisms and consequently any triangulations of early buddhism based on their similarities and differences . . ) like in the futile quest for a historical jesus ( if any ? 
  even for jesus , even that basic premise is occasionally debated ) , this quest produced no certainty . 
  yet with buddhism , not only is there the mountain of the pali canon to climb ( admittedly much of it is rather easy to date quite late ) , but , for any serious study , you 'd need to analyze sanskrit , and the occasional ghandari agamas as well as their chinese ( and possibly even tibetan though there is n't much early material there ) translations ( much of non-theravada material is lacking surviving indic-language sources , but otherwise all you get is a redaction of just one particular school and their biases ) , plus the mahasamgika vinaya , which is often seen as more archaic than the teravada one . 
  i 'm not sure scriptural scholarship as of today is up to this task ( even many of the existing manuscripts are n't processed yet - for eg , a large portion of sarvastivada dirgha agama in sanskrit found in gilgit , that is afaik yet to be published . . ) , even to the extent this is a doable goal . 
  even a future state of the field , that has to contend with sources in like 3-5 specialist languages , would only give us just a largely complete view of the sarvastivada , full theravada and a fair bit of dharmaguptaka , all schools stemming from an already biased point , the sthaviras , with practically no sutric material for the mahasamgikas , or some perhaps innovative ( perhaps occasionally archaic ? ), 
  schools like the pudgala . 
  i hope this hurried description gives some notion of the complexity and chaos inherent in the task of early buddhist studies and any reconstructions that may stem from it . 
  for an interested non-expert , i 'm not even sure there are current full overviews written on the manuscripts , their locations , textual dating , characteristics etc of the totality of the manuscript sources studied today ... 
  i wonder if batchelor is really the best voice to listen to from the field of early buddhist studies , when it comes to pure scholarship along these lines ( which invalidates nothing of the contribution he makes by suggested re/interpretations of various buddhist notions ofc ), 
  another thing i find somewhat problematic is the exclusive focus on just that one guy ( ie gautama ) - admittedly the most influential one , yet certainly not the only productive thinker of this rich and malleable tradition . 
  if we do get rid of the metaphysical hangups about him , he should n't be held on that high a pedestal . 
  and consequently it should n't even be problematic to us to see aspects of possibly his ideas that warrant criticism . 
  here comparative philosophy is prob not up to a really rigorous , definitive , conclusions , but one might see interesting notions from say dharmakirti 's ideas - along with the `` usual suspects '' from the madhyamaka that have fascinated the west for some time now ... 
  as someone who mostly uses w3m for daily browsing needs ( firing up surf , one of those thin wrappers over webkit , with a shortcut when really needed ) -- the web is surprisingly functional stipped of javascript and even most graphics . 
  img handling in the terminal could occasionally be better , but otoh not suffering what passes for web design but fitting all web into my terminal scheme , procrustean-style , more than makes up for it . 
  well , this should be qualified as speaking of western athesm , since obviously the charvakas existed in india certainly well before the common era . 
  ( wiki is inconsistent , giving 600bce in one article and saying mauryan era in another , which starts at ~ 300bce . . but should be pre-mauryan since they 're known in buddhist sources that appear early . . ) . . 
  they did n't believe in efficacy of religious rites , in an immortal soul , in the karma or fate or reincarnation or accumulation of merit , in other worlds like heavens and hells , in explaining natural phenomena by supernatural means , equated the person with the material body etc. 
  ofc we do n't have much material on them preserved but afaik they did n't have any beliefs in the supernatural , due to their rather minimalist epistemology . 
  i see on some other sources that he talks for eg about carneades - an academic skeptic ( ie a skeptical current that developed in the plato 's academy ) . 
  fascinating period !, 
  but ofc various notions that we 'd link with atheism today either are represented or have precursors in more obvious ancient sources , like the atomists & epicureans ( epicurus at least more a deist but the de-emphasis of the religious is certainly there ) , the skeptics , and the sophists . 
  maybe zeroing in precisely on the atheism proper , ie arguments on the existence of deities irrespective of their ( non ) function in the beliefs in question is too narrow and anachronistic ? 
  possibly right ( i mean , your implication to the contrary of what you 're saying  ), 
  however , then we 'd be discussing rather more ancient cultures , pre-literate , and conseqently have no way of knowing this . 
  here on the contrary we can trace a process that as a cultural background already has a belief system well established ( say greek or roman religion , or for a then contemporary process of doubt , the vedic religion ) , and that , opposing process is one of development of reason - of early philosophical inquiry into those claims , or starting with some other premise . 
  and given the development of knowledge at the time really much is up to wild speculation and only the first steps at clarifying correct thought and reasoning as opposed to invalid ones are being taken , so i think you can call these belief systems as well . 
  progressive in comparison to the status quo , but regardless . 
  nothing in particular - i simply meant atheism as it developed in the west , in this period , to contrast it with an example i know in the east , that seems clearly atheistic and prior to the common era . 
  if you and the society around you were a blank slate , sure , could be the default position . 
  if born into a christian society , well chances are you 'll end up being a christian . 
  so too , if born into an ancient greek society -- where , remember , not believing in the gods the city-state worships , was punishable by death - that was the accusation against socrates -- your default is a bit skewed too , no ? 
  still , this was not about that general point , but about the particular work linked by the op ( well , a brief mention of the work is linked really . . ) , that was tracking an actual historical development of atheist positions , as in ppl who wrote first preserved arguments against the existence of god etc. 
  i 'm just saying these are n't even the first tracable historical atheists , maybe just the first ones we can trace in europe . 
  and thought anyone interested in an article about early atheism in europe might care to hear about the already well-known example from the rest of the world . 
   but try if you like , how are these religions more objectively relevant to the evolution of our collective thought than atheism ? 
  on the contrary , in these cases the matter is rather clear - the greek religion is now extinct , and so at best of interest as fiction or source of fun myths . 
  not to denigrate the creative arts , but i would n't call that a contribution to the development of our thought . 
  on the other hand , the process of systematic doubt , ie their philosophy , started us on the path of thought we inherit now . 
  and from start there is an uneasy relationship between the official religion of the city-state and the philosophy -, 
  it does n't take too much questioning , nor that sophisticated thought to simply see as hollow the rituals and myths the religious around you so cherish , once you start considering it . 
  and quite a few philosophies of the period , around the world , do in fact have various levels of dissent from the popular religion . 
  socrates was essentially sentenced to death on accusation of being an infidel ( disbelief in the gods of the city-state ) , to take the classic example . 
  i 'm just noting that this is a process , historically , of opposition to a pre-existing religion , rather than the default state of lack of belief it would logically seem to have to be . 
  maybe if we took a time-machine to the neolithic , we 'd conclude differently , but by the time we have writing and historical , named people , we have state religions , and only by the time we have development of philosophy , which is much later , iare these , explicitly and in writing , put into question . 
  i agree that as far as i know no sutras that can reasonably be ascribed to the earliest stratum of buddhism ( whatever relation that may or may not have with a presumed actual gautama ) , could offer such justification . 
  and as far as i 've found the closest any buddhist literature ascribed to some buddha comes to such a notion is in the kalachakra tantra , a 12ct work , that seems to have a prophecy of a holy war with the ( given the context of its writing ; ie the muslim destruction of already fragile indian buddhism ) presumably muslim barbarians . 
  in short , yeah , ethnic and religious identity frequently mix ( i guess in final analysis its difficult to identify many wars and conflicts that really are just purely and exclusively religious , for any with such pretence have either ethnic , territorial , economic etc motives ) , but some examples of simply clear buddhist religious persecution of muslims in burma are rather too blatant and literal to be swept under this ambiguity . 
  like this one :, 
  `` eyewitnesses blame the violence on a crowd of more than a thousand people , led by monks . 
  the violence started when a group of burmese buddhists attacked shops and restaurants owned by muslims in the central town area . 
  the muslim owners retaliated angrily , defending themselves and fighting back , and then the violence escalated . 
  in the next two days , muslim homes , shops , and mosques were damaged or burned . 
  many muslims were beaten and required medical treatment . '', 
  this is what happened in response to the destruction of bamiyan statues . 
  allegedly the buddhist clergy demanded the destruction of ancient hantha mosque in taungoo , but seems this is only alleged . 
  still even as such , i think it clearly marks the conflict as being as religious as conflicts get . 
  and i 'm not particularly surprised ; my impression of the southeast-asian sangha has been pretty low ; just like the religious here , they seem to be on the reactionary fringe of their respective societies too . 
  i was looking into female ordination . 
  uncontroversial in the west , accepted in sri lanka - which is the very same tradition , with ample vinya precedent to easily accomodate an obvious societal need ( i can expand on the issue or you can see the pretty much unanimous support in the proceedings of the 07 conference on the matter , providing such vinaya analysis and arguments ) - yet not only explicitly banned by the thai sangha governing council ( maha-thera samakom ) , but a cause for the disassociation of ajahn brahm and the bodhinyana monastery from the main ajahn chah 's forest sangha tradition , for having nevertheless performed them . 
  i mean , this is an issue even a fair bit of protestant christianity already came to grips with . 
  then i was looking at lgbt matters , being myself gay . 
  again an uncontroversial matter in western sanghas , with practically no sutric basis for discrimination ( well if you take vinaya into consideration as well and depending of what you think pandaka designates , it might prevent you from being a monk , but you need n't insist on such an interpretation , and moreover all kinds of things can prevent monkhood ) . 
  yet you will find particular forces ( admittedly not by any means all ) in that very same thai sanga at the forefront of hateful speech in an otherwise reasonably tolerant society ( if traditionaly rather paternalistic towards that community ) . 
  these are also the countries where , contrary to pretty much any other buddhist community , the death penalty is defended also on religious grounds ( and i must admit that from a literalist perspective there is such ground in the sutras , though i ca n't recall if it were in the pali canon or perhaps in mahayana and if latter it would be irrelevant for these countries ), 
  nope , certainly not ; i was long-windedly agreeing w you , 
   who considers cigarette smoke a benchmark for an acceptable risk ? 
  smokers i guess . 
  certainly ; that is certainly the most interested demographics - as well as anyone interested in harm reduction strategies against the harms of smoking . 
   i do not feel reassured by your confidence . 
  formaldehyde is a carcinogen . 
  it 's wrong to argue that there is an exposure threshold at or below which there is zero risk . 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  if you understood much about carcinogenesis and cancer , you would probably try really hard to minimise your exposure like i do . 
  if your intent/need to consume nicotine in some form is non-negotiable , a certain level of risk is unavoidable ; any nicotine replacement already contains at least some really small amounts of , for example , tobacco-specific nitrosamines , the most important tobbacco carcinogens , as is the case with snus and ecigarettes as well . 
  harm reduction is interested in lowering harm levels , so is inherently interested in quantittive improvements in the remaining risks , rather than in elimination of any residual risk where it proves difficult to fully remove . 
  so question is simply the magnitude , and hence the relevance of the risk . 
  and these are indeed rather tiny and rather well-known - see the peering through the mist meta-study for eg : http://bmcpublichealth.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1471-2458-14-18,
