  their finances as transparent , the use of these finances in actual public charitable purpose enforced , as opposed to for their own prosletyzing or even outright fraud etc. 
  simply , their treatment should be blind to them being churches , religious organisations , or not - and whatever this implies tax-wise , is fine by me -- provided its truly consistent and religion-or-not blind . 
   if churches were taxed , the government would have a great incentive to support certain religions that tend to bring in the most money . 
  sounds like a nonissue to me ; how great an incentive really , in comparison to the totality of the economy that 's its tax revenue ? 
  and why not hold it accountable to not doing so regardless , its hardly the only , and hardly even a particularly important area , in comparison to actual economic activities , where the government can so abuse its powers . 
  landline is fairly common as well though . 
  that 's what i 'm currently using , dsl + classic phone . . flat net and calls , piss-poor speeds , for some 30ish $ . 
  but that 's what you get when you sell the infrastructure to a monopolist - tcom in my croatian case . 
  voip-based competition is say 20ish $ for comparabely pathethic speeds ( i have little use for net speed , browsing the web mostly from emacs anyhow , and a dozen minutes wait to get a torrets feels snappy enough to me ), 
  i did n't want to post anything during this period ; i wanted to have a clearer mind . 
  i read a bunch of news and anaysis , wrote my pro/con txt to understand and to cope etc. 
  i can see no silver lining of any relevance to me in this . 
  i 'm still as disgusted and nausiated as when i first saw this news . 
  in the end of the day , oculus already fulfiled any positive potential it had - it made the big names interested in vr . 
  as a consumer product it would have been a way to support the visionary first mover grow into a significant , indie-friendly , community-oriented , open-ish etc new player . 
  this is n't a new growing it player anymore but a subsidiary - so why would anyone care wheter facebook or sony or microsoft or whoever gets a better share of the future vr action ? 
  if facebook came out with oculus-like speced device , would you have cared to buy it ? 
  consider further the little we do know based on the internal facebook conference call -- a ) selling hardware is not the business model in plan . 
  and b ) whatever their business model may be , we 'll only discover it in the medium term . 
  that is a huge minus in my book , since the competitors are playing a perfectly transparent game instead . 
  i know the tos and the interests sony has with their product and can judge it as it stands . 
  buying oculus is buying into growing of a market , whose purpose and plan will not be disclosed for years to come . 
  and defined by a facebook . 
  selling hardware was what i hoped may be all there is to their plans , rather than somehow monetarizing the platform and/or the content , since then the software may have been open and free -- it would n't have conflicted wth their plans in any way . 
  now little is certain except that this hope is completely dead . 
  but what convinces me to never return to this place , a subreddit i religiously checked on a daily basis are posts like this : calling out people who probably had a minor breakdown when hearing this news , as incapable of thinking , childish , trollish even , further uninformed , hysterical etc. 
  because it may be good for vr ? 
  as if it makes no difference whose vr it will be . 
  i really hope oculus is a flop though i fear facebook may have enough resources to prevent this . 
  either way , i will never own one - not a first tech i gave up on in the name of freedom . 
  my only hope is the future of technology does n't continue to look as bleak as it does after nsa leaks , after the planetary sucess of invasive redundant platforms like facebook , after walled-garden platforms dominating the mobile sphere etc , to end up like stallman , having to mail wget 's of pages i want to read ( or living some future analogue anachronism ) . 
  having the metaverse build by the community for the community was a hopefull shot at the dream of avoiding that . 
  having the metaverse owned by a facebook clearly is n't . 
   polio re-emerges, 
  um , i get your drift , but this news is a milestone in our quest to make it extinct . 
  so then it does n't reemerge . 
  ever . 
   i note that the old soviet sub-russian muslim republics stayed away from the party . 
  wow , i though the cis countries ( minus moldova , that now has a proeu government again ) were completely under russian thumb , yet only armenia and belarus outright supported them here ? 
  on the contrary , if this [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1e/%d0%a0%d0%b5%d1%84%d0%b5%d1%80%d0%b5%d0%bd%d0%b4%d1%83%d0%bc_%d0%be_%d1%81%d1%82%d0%b0%d1%82%d1%83%d1%81%d0%b5_%d0%9a%d1%80%d1%8b%d0%bc%d0%b0.svg ) is right , azerbaijan even voted against them , not even abstaining !, 
  so supposedly `` their '' 9-member block , voted just 3:1 on it !, 
  guess i do n't know enough about the politics of part of the world ... 
  edit : uh , now i saw the wall of text i produced , sorry . 
  i 'll put a horizontal line below which is what i really wanted to talk about in regards to your claim - first part are just general casual comment on various observations in your post , ignorable , but since i 've already written them , why cut ... 
   hers is the only thought process that seems to make much sense . 
  i guess her play is solid , though i have n't paid any attention to their statistics of wins and losses when those get mentioned in the show . 
  but at least sometimes , she did frustrate me with what i saw was a lack giving much of an explanation at all . 
  and i thought bob 's play was usually interesting , often better informed . 
   much of the talk on sgu is not actually very skeptical or scientific , but that does n't make it wrong . 
  oh sure , its a lighthearted show . 
  there 's a lot of banter , and the conversations are anything but rigorous - so much time they 're just making jokes with whatever they 're talking about . 
  however it does feel like you 're setting a bar too high when claiming :, 
   common sense is anti-science ,, 
  , in the sense that permits you to continue :, 
   yet it 's common sense that says you can ignore crazy email forwards or a lot of industry-sponsored research . 
  well , i feel quite contrary on this !, 
  for one , steve usually/often ? 
  gives some background on the pseudoscience when discussing one . 
  i guess some are famous enough that this becomes wasted `` airspace '' with time . 
  but anyhow it seems exactly inverse to me on this - certainly an obsession with various forms of quackery and pseudoscience , to the extent i often frankly find a bit morbid , is absolutely typical for skepticism , which is what this podcast is about . 
  not , a science news podcast . 
  not even a `` bad science '' type podcast - kind that tries to critique and correct science reporting on new research . 
  skepticism is not science reporting , or merely correcting science reporting - but yeah , we do n't so much get skepticism - investigating pseudoscience and quackery , learning about different forms and why they 're wrong ( though we do get some of that in sgu ) , as much as news items on various skeptic causes . 
  and furthermore , if it is common sense , rather than say just solid probabilistic reasoning , that says you can ignore obviously crazy email forwards , then commonsense is certainly not anti-science . 
  it may not be science , but still such reasoning is perfectly valid , and so , fundamentally based on the same principles as those used in scientific research , albeit far less rigorously . 
  i 'm not sure what you meant by `` common sense is anti-science '' , i though you mean to say either that it is not itself the actual practice of science - sure , but this does n't make it unsceptical , or maybe you meant that the methodological skepticism of the scientific method is precisely to counterbalance our cognitive biases , which might be called `` common sense '' . 
  if that 's the case , then i think you 're equivocating , for just as we have wired pragmatic but oftentimes wrong heuristics to jumping to some conclusions , be it emotional or poor probabilistic reasoning , etc - so too we have perfectly justified ones , or at least might have . 
  but you use `` common sense '' in the former sense , wrong heuristics , to dismiss arguably instances of the latter . 
   if you want to study biology , it helps if you can dismiss people who talk about intelligent design based on their history of disingenuous arguments . 
  that is n't a scientific position , but it is common sense based on a trend of intelligent design being scientifically unproductive , and a trend of its proponents having been disingenuous . 
  if this is the argument then basically what you 're saying is that the actual historic practice of science is antiscientific !, 
  scientific method ultimately just is how science has generally been practiced , while any rational reconstructions that can be offered at how it ideally works are just - rational reconstructions , not actual science in actual practice . 
  they can be enormously influential on the actual practice of science - think popperian ideas about falsification have made explicit and more prominent an essentially equally fallible common sense heuristic of being more impressed with bold predictions from a theory that come true , and ignoring to various extents research that is less impressive . 
  in a similar concept , lakatos 's notion of research programes , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imre_lakatos#research_programmes - '' ... lakatos dubbed his theory ` sophisticated methodological falsificationism ' , it is not ` methodological ' in the strict sense of asserting universal methodological rules by which all scientific research must abide . 
  rather , it is methodological only in that theories are only abandoned according to a methodical progression from worse theories to better theories '', 
  in essence , dismissing unsuccessful research programs and favoring successful ones , with certain notion of structure and success of a research programs for him exactly is the `` scientific method '' or a major element . 
  which is exactly what dismissing say intelligent design is doing . 
  right , and yet , so what !, 
  its neither the practice of science nor the point of science to deduce its core features from something defensible as , idk really what , maybe reason . 
  maaayhaps a bayesian framework for the enterprise might qualify as just that . 
  and at least in principle , it should be formalizable , so yeah axiomatic . 
  that 's what i 'm pointing at - the scientific process itself is influentially described as fueled by such `` commonsense '' or `` commonsense-like '' procedures - certainly including , in a crucial manner even , ignoring unproductive research directions without necessarily disproving them first - you 've set your bar so high when claiming doing so is `` anti-science '' that scientific practice itself is then by such criteria `` anti-science '' !, 
  though again a minor quibble with your example , in our most fundamental theories , apparently the notion of cause and effect do n't play a role ) . 
  and the notion is analyzable - popular approach is a counterfactual account , say of the kind `` iff this had n't happened , this would n't have happened either '' ( in which case one could reduce it to a likelihood claim given a mathematical model sufficient to evaluate the outcomes in such scenarios , and a way of updating one 's beliefs correctly when presented with new evidence . 
  like bayesian ) , though these do n't seem to be completely satisfactory in capturing our unanalyzed , so `` common sense '' notion of it fully . 
  still i do n't think it would end up being treated as a primitive , as an axiom . 
  oh even from the shallowest of perspectives , i do n't think it should be a great disadvantage - does n't make you look any worse or better than you do , and you certainly stand out , if you 'll pardon the phrase , and draw attention . 
  ofc various practicalities would need to be worked out for a relationship to work , and that brute looks are neither the key factor even in sexual chemistry , let alone in having a fulfilling relationship etc - i 'm just trying to say that i do n't think your basic fear here , that people will generally avoid a wheelchaired guy they would otherwise have found desirable , need be justified . 
  a believer comfortable with higher criticism of the bible , which should be the us mainline protestants , and the similar big european , canadian etc protestant lines , and to an extent the catholic and orthodox world , would surely have no issue with it - the evidence for biological evolution , planetary formation etc , already forces most of the developed world christians to interpret the genesis account as not particularly factual , rather than into such mental gymnastics as you describe . 
  so why not posit another genesis , sounds like simple enough a way to avoid falsification by evidence , no ? 
  in a tldr , the answer seem to be because it is allowed to do so by laws of nature , and the proposed mechanism by which it happens seems to be inflation . 
  best current idea on how everything came to be is called concordance cosmology , or the inflationary lambda-cdm model , or just the standard model of cosmology . 
  from sean m. carroll 's ttc series on dark enery and dark matter , seems the response to the question is basically deflationary : conservation of energy just does n't hold for general relativity for the entire universe , contrary to our prejudice about it . 
  conservation laws correspond to symmetries of nature - by noether 's theorem . 
  conservation of energy corresponds to shift symmetry of time . 
  this symmetry does n't actually hold for the entire universe in general relativity . 
  interestingly , we accepted long time ago that in cosmology , energy is not conserved - mere expanding spacetime , a fact we digested long ago , would mean that energy is lost , since the radiation component is both diluted and stretched in wavelength by the expansion of space , while the matter component is constant ( ie just diluted ) . 
  but that does n't seem to provoke as much cognitive dissonance than the idea of breaking energy conservation by it increasing . 
  but its not formally really stranger . 
  yet , if space has some constant amount of energy by cubic meter , like in the case of the positive cosmological constant , this is exactly the case .
