   although i would question the veracity of some of even the theravada accounts of words and deeds ,, 
  i do n't think theravada accounts are important here - that canon came to its current form much later ( i think its form as we know it is from around the start of the common era , and the pali tradition as such maybe from the time after ashoka ) , and some parts are obviously quite late - like their abhidhamma , since one still has other abhidharma traditions that do n't share much or anything with it , like the sarvastivadin . 
  and that split is n't even particularly old . 
  but some parts of the canon can be compared with schools that split quite early , like the vinaya , where you can find mahasamghika vinaya in the chinese canon . 
  so what 's common there is probably pretty early . 
  others seem to be old based on linguistic analysis , i think sutta nipata . 
  anyhow , point is , its not theravadin accounts that inspire much historicity , but the intersection of the pali and chinese canon and fragments found in central asia ( like the rhinoceros sutra , found in gandhara , probably from dharmaguptaka school ) . 
  chinese canon in particular seems to be a mix of texts from various schools , which is quite useful for comparisons , and some parts , like the mahasamghika vinaya , from schools that parted ways from the rest fairly early . 
  still even optimistically , one can only get to 100 years after his death . 
  and consider how diverse texts exist in the christian tradition by that time about jesus ( mid 2nd century , you 've got the entire spectrum already - gnostic , proto-orthodox , adoptionist etc ) . 
  albeit , the area was not as diverse culturally as the mediterranean nor was the early buddhist community as heterogenous at the time so one might hope it 's not quite that corrupt . 
  well , existing ghandaran texts are from the 1st century ce . 
  which is a consequence of the wet climate - not easy to preserve parchment there , as well as a preference for oral transmission . 
  still , ones found even of this age are from more remote and dry central asian locations , but obviously it took time for buddhism to go that far . 
  and those are the oldest manuscripts from india in general - reinforcing my point that it 's a consequence of limits to preservation , rather than an indication of when it might have appeared . 
  however , you do have inscriptions on pillars from ashoka 's reign , which is 3rd century bce , and that makes it obvious its already an established community . 
  so you 're factually just totally wrong . 
  anyhow , its obvious linguistically that the texts have a longer tradition of oral transmission , demonstrated to be no worse than a manuscript tradition in corruption , and so the method used is rather comparing texts of schools that split earlier , so that can get to a pre-ashoka time in some small ways ( monastic rules mostly ) , and to almost ashoka 's time substantially ( thanks to extensive dharmaguptaka and sarvastivadin literature , and where it corresponds to the southern tradition ) . 
  all of this is quite late from his death in comparison to say when we get the earliest evidence of christianity from the time of jesus . 
  though even there , oldest fragments that are actually preserved are from mid 2nd century ce , yet one is comfortable dating the content of them to mid 1st century ce for earliest ( paul 's 7 and mark and q mostly ) . 
  and for gospels and hence accounts of the life of jesus to any level of detail , only what seems the youngest one - john - even dates that far in fragments , with the oldest ones by textual analysis only attested in manuscript fragments in 3rd century ce . 
  hmm , on one hand he 's speaking of significant reforms of the church , now on the other , on devolving his power to do so , seems a bit contradictory . 
  i 'd personally welcome a bit more meddling in the affairs of our local bishops from the vatican while a pope advertising himself as a reformer sits there , and while locally we have rabid conservatives focusing exactly the topics he wants to deemphasize , supposedly ( like their current campaign for a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage , to be voted on in a referendum this sunday ) ... 
  otherwise , all his posturing will come to just that - mere posturing , while the church continues acting the same way as it has till now . 
  not to disagree with the sentiment , but still , the fear from which `` hate speech '' laws come is not one of marginal crazies , but from repeat ascendancy of proto-fascist movements . 
  which is currently a real threat imho , and on both sides of the atlantic , just not one i 'd like to fight with limits to free speech , for i think its ineffective . 
   nobody has the right to decide which ideas the government should have the right to suppress . 
  meh , limits of free speech if any , certainly are something decided on just like any other political question . 
  so the government certainly can do this , and so legally has that right . 
  its ineffective , i agree , but that 's just a question of means , not of principles . 
  and if i can see an argument that in fact hate speech laws are after all an effective way of dealing with threats to the constitutional order of the country , i 'd have no objections . 
  because its more important to preserve the human rights standards we 've achieved in western democracies , including minority protections , including robustness of the political structure under populist pressures for a more autocratic way of government that can appear with a popular antidemocratic movement - and this means preserving our constitutions from some kinds of otherwise democratic changes by the people - than to defend some particular human right principle , from a well-argued compromise . 
  that may include limiting free speech in matters of subverting this very constitutional order ( a fairly clear and well-contained exception , simply to self-preservation of the democracy itself and the protections including one of free speech that it guarantees , and one that hardly damages the principle of free speech in anything worth being heard ) , if it were shown to work - and there 's the catch ; i do think this just makes such attitudes fester below surface instead of them being confronted , usually at least . 
  its just that the presumption needs to be in favor of the absolute application of the right , rather than done based on opinion in empirical vacuum like this measure or hate speech laws in general . 
  this is a consequence of the fact that the principle of popular majority rule is in tension with constitutional republics , where certain matters like that of minorities or individual rights , and , to protect those as well as future majority rule , of such a constitutional order itself , are above majority desires - and yet nothing but majority vote can give these limits legitimacy to begin with . 
  but consider , golden dawn - it 's that easy for a fascist movement to get significant popular support in conditions like that of the great depression when the last outbreak happened , and it did deflate after a simple ban , so i could imagine an argument , only i have n't seen a good one yet in general . 
  the issue of how to create a robust democracy , one that does n't easily revert to a dictatorship under stress , is not trivial , and seems to require limits to popular will , which is paradoxically the source of all of its legitimacy . 
  us constitution was one attempt , and seems to be a robust one . 
  weimar republic otoh , was shown to have too weak a constitution - so various limits to popular will and even expression were introduced . 
  is the balance good or is it overly rigid with hate speech limits ? 
  i think it did go slightly overboard on that matter , though in general i 'm more impressed with their fundamental law than with most constitutions . 
  and i think the current constitutional referendum in my country demonstrates crucial weaknesses in our constitution . 
  switzerland too had some unacceptably xenophobic matters decided on by popular vote in recent times , and lacks a decent judicial check on the matters so put to vote . 
   ce sva ta prava moci dobiti kroz registrirano partnerstvo, 
  sure , pa nek drze do njih . 
  tiranija vecine , umjesto ustavne liberalne demokracije - to je tipicni program populista . 
  sto je isti k. 
  hm , kako je to povezano ? 
  registriranih partnerstva . 
  glasanje je bilo 98 vs 15 . 
  vidi proposition 8 u kaliforniji 2008 . 
  doubt it , i was speaking about a referendum in croatia this sunday , where the church was obviously highly involved in organizing , signature collection and has called everyone to vote for introducing such a constitutional ban . 
  i gather the us catholics are less fundamentalist than in many eastern european states . 
  but here they 're quite like us conservative evangelicals , it seems to me . 
  minus evolution and literalism i guess . . 
  niz ustavnih sudova s druge strane jest dosudilo da bracna nejednakost krsi ljudska prava kako ih shvacaju njihovi ustavi ( brazil , massachusetts , kalifornija , connecticut , iowa , new hampshire , new jersey ) . 
  u pm ... 
   usporedujes uk sa rh ? 
  ili uk ? '', 
  or generally reasoning , logic or anything else . 
  none . 
  and if you encountered a person believing in counterinduction , that things must start behaving differently because you 've seen them behave in one way all the time , there 's no way you could convince him/her otherwise ( see problem of induction , eg http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/induction-problem/ ), 
  and any argument for methodological skepticism and empiricism is ultimately inductive - ie , that following scientific method has been predictively most sucessfull so far . 
  and we 've argued theology to no conclusion for millenia before trying that . 
  well you could make a statistical argument , that induction can according to some be reduced to bayesianism , if you admit that as convincing ... 
  pretty short q , so you 're just wondering , why i do n't believe in any gods ? 
  ok - because i 've not been presented with any convincing evidence that any exist . 
  and further , for it does n't even seem to be an empirically testable hypothesis as its commonly stated , which makes it predictively worthless regardless of its truth ( if truth is even seperable from empirical methodology which establishes it that is ) . 
  i 'd evaluate the claim that gods exist the same way one evaluates the claim higgs particle exists , or cosmic inflation happened in the early history of the universe , or supersymmetry exists or luminiferous aether exists or that a china teapot currently orbits the sun in a long and elliptical orbit . 
  those hypothesis are respectively - solidly proven , possible and indicated by evidence but unproven , possible but unproven and under increasing tension with the evidence , solidly rejected and finally worse than wrong , ie unscientific for not offering no empirical tests . 
  any empirical claims ever made in favor of the god hypothesis are in the solidly rejected camp , and all that remains seems to be worse than wrong . 
  so its not worthy of consideration . 
  ( that 's what i was answering with in the first sentence ) . 
  this is a well known dilemma known as the induction problem , see link . 
  edit : well , or at least indirectly , since the justification for using an exclusively empirically grounded methodology in science is ultimately inductively justified - ie , that it seems to work better than whatever reasoning in an empirical vacuum that we 've used otherwise . 
  bs , mere rhetoric , they ca n't do a damned thing against civil unions . 
  majority in the parliament will introduce extensive registered partnerships . 
  which frankly , is something i 'd rather use than marriage anyhow , because of the chauvinist baggage of the word `` marriage '' . 
  well , another referendum perhaps ... 
  they really need to patch that constitution and close the possibility of this terror continuing asap . 
  ah , i do n't think this is worth upsetting yourself about ( though i too have ofc  ) . 
  because they 'll win , sure - they 'll reserve a worthless word , and we wo n't be able to use it untill we can get another referendum to reverse this . 
  but its a phyrric victory - we 'll get everything that counts regardless , and most of it quite soon , and they 've managed to put the topic of full equality into every national media for some half a year . 
  polarized the public about it , where i expected only homophobia on one side , and silence on the other . 
  it 's only been a decade since we had a first pride , and violent at that , two years ago the attempt in split ended up like it did - and now , there 's around a third of the voters that support full equality , and closer to 45 % in the total population , only less of those will bother to vote ? 
  that 's one hell of a lightning-fast progress , realistically . 
  ma reko bi sta je problem , al odma postanem autorasistican . 
  bar jos. 
  pa ni gay sinove se do sad nije nuzno izbacivalo , kako koji ultrakatolik , a sad i saveznike , fucked, 
   `` and tomorrow a referendum about someone else 's rights might be on the agenda , '' the 34-year-old electrical engineer told afp . 
  they already are , signatures are being collected for a referenda on bilingualism , becase it was controversially introduced in some war-torn areas with a substantial serbian minority ( this having been a legal obligation and eu membership condition , since italian bilingualism existed under same criteria at other places , with an italian minority ), 
  we are hoping the constitutional court will prevent at least that , as it proved a useless and completely political institution in re to lgbt rights in matters of sexual eduaction and now in allowing this referendum . 
   the latest survey showed that 68 percent of croatians on sunday would vote ` yes ' compared to 27 percent against . 
  that 's not the latest one , a few days newer one was showing consistent but bit better numbers , with 59 % for and 31 % against , of those that will definitely vote , 10 % refusing to say . 
   pride parades are now staged regularly if still under strong security ,, 
  hmm , did n't look particularly strong last year , few cops around , but looked far from sufficient to actually prevent an incident from happening . 
  remember walking and thinking `` there 's absolutely nothing to prevent someone throwing say these ashtrays in my head here '' ... 
  they do seem unnecessary though . 
   `` it is natural and normal that a child grows up in a marriage of a man and a woman , '' katarina mitermajer , a doctor in her 50s , who plans to vote ` yes ' , told afp . 
  ... and this doctor looks like a failure of the education system , highly educated yet does n't seem to know that this referendum will not affect family structures one way or another , nor specifically adoption rights , given she speaks of kids , but will simply ban the term `` marriage '' from being legally used by gay or lesbian couples , whatever their material or adoption rights may be ...
