  btw i have a much greater problem with the comic tropes in anime , in that rather than blending a joke into the setting , they rip you out of the story for a moment , then put you back . 
  mood shifts out of the blue , personalities change , drawing simplify and you get some crude gag more often than not . 
  i 'm not amused , i 'm irritated and distracted , world i 've been trying to get into has lost cohesion , 4th wall has broken down , and i really wanted to spend some time in a story ... 
  it 's jarring , it pulls you out of the immersion with the story , and i probably end up lowering the grade of a show just because it does stuff like that - not consciously but due to how badly it diminishes my enjoyment of the series . 
  contrast that with for ex , some characters displaying a bit of wit to lighten the mood . 
  completely in-setting and if precisely for being contextual , can lighten the mood even more effectively than a recurrent gag . 
  i 'm not too happy how female characters seem to get portrayed . 
  either hysteric like that , or passive like typical moe . 
  i think they should n't be on a generational list of these kinds of regulated devices . 
  they came from flashlight mods and came to their own with the `` screwdriver '' some 5 years ago . 
  think its dubious to split any changes in their fashions into generations , since their design is intentionally constrained , but even if one would , it would be some separate chart . 
  hm , i went to avg-only the moment i first tasted it . 
  i 'm close , btw , making my own and vaping around 1mg/ml , prob around 2ml a day with a pretty cold coil ( single , 1ohm-ish on a mech , after having gone down to 0.3 - 0.4 ish duals ) . 
  and even taste wo n't be an issue since i 've been on pure base for quite some time . 
  was quite a ride with various ups and downs , but from here i think my road is to vape down the little nic i have left and then to finish off the vg from the bottle , and then try being clean for a while . 
  i 'd like to get back to it again occasionally , nic is still a nice stimulant , and vaping can clearly keep the habit-formation danger nicely contained . 
  i mean they were used in that period and for those reasons , but generations of devices would imply a progression of device design . 
  mechs were by definition `` dumb pipes '' ( as a mech user , i mean that in the most affectionate sense ) from the moment they appeared and on to today . 
  a generational chronology of devices is n't exactly the same as a historical account of popular devices . 
  i guess you could complicate the picture by adding them as a generation , but i still do n't think its an `` ecig 3.5 '' . 
  even if that 's chronologically the peak of their popularity . 
  mechs are `` ecig 2 alt '' or even `` ecig 1.5 alt '' , since that 's when they arrived on the scene ( outside diy precursors ) and they 've fundamentally been the same kind of thing that entire period ( the design space being intentionally constrained ) , and are likely to remain roughly the same thing - opposed to constant change/progression of electronics in regulated devices . 
  but that 's not really true - nobody was say run down by a random horse , fell down the stairs or anything pedestrian like that . 
  in fact all deaths were quite well-prepared before happening , even if the exact events could still seem sudden . 
  [ ] ( / s `` i thought dual swords were actually a cool touch . 
  it was nicely suggested episodes before , when we watched the forging of it but not it being used ; it certainly makes it more significant than a mere random gear upgrade , and having an actual reason the mc is so op was necessary . '' ), 
  as the poster said , it was apparently not a bug but creator 's choice, 
  [ ] ( / s `` re console , ehh , by that time in the arc , there was a plethora of other things bothering me anyhow - it went from their first kiss to getting married to having a kid in some sense to crying their hearts out over an ai they just met in like 1 episode . 
  totally unrelatable imho . 
  second arc otoh was even less sensible - the thing was premised on having a marriage with a basically comatosed patient unable to give consent , in a country like contemporary japan ffs , insultingly ridiculous . '' ), 
  this bot is really trigger-happy ; how could this submission possibly sound like an anime recommendation request ? 
  just seeks keywords like recommend or what ? 
  yeah . 
  while i 've got vg left , if i get a craving , i can always just jump to the nearest newspaper stand for a 10ml bottle of anything , then just dilute that shit away 1:10 or so . 
  after that , idk , but since vg is so cheap i 'll likely take some just in case , as you say . 
  hmmm , well , idk i 'm sure a really sophisticated bot could be made using machine learning ( word2vec like representation etc ) , but i doubt any utility bot will be like that here . 
  do you have some history of misclassifications and good classifications this bot did to use as a training set ? 
  perhaps one could find a simpler approach ( say word frequencies being possible features and just using something like em or whatever to optimize weights of individual words ) , but it 'd take a training set to verify . 
  hah , i see , yeah , not much more to be done that way i think . 
  i did , am and sure , have found some results . 
  perhaps i should make the q have more meat by adding some of that . 
  still , this too might aid me in finding things a beginner 's goggling on such a large field will easily miss . 
  i believe there might be people here more familiar with the topic that might have good summaries or be outright familiar with some of the specific subquestions , while googling about an unfamiliar topic is at first a fairly disorienting process - and that 's where i 'm at now . 
  but y , i 'll go edit the q with some of the things i 've already found useful . 
  all helpful , thx . 
  sadly the documentary you linked is w/o any subs , but yeah , still i did n't think of even searching for actual making of docs , trying to find texts on specific methods instead , so a useful idea . 
  updated the q with some stuff i was looking at btw . 
  actually such a post merely stating something is great or droll etc , should be downvoted for lack of content , as per reddiquette . 
  and the commenter did n't even state the show is boring and droll , rather it was `` let see if people figure out that ... '' , which is fairly condescending , and rude posts too should be downvoted as per reddiquette . 
  so there was more than enough cause . 
  not that the movie actually sounds interesting going by the comments around here in any case , but that 's not the way to state it in a civil conversation . 
  just to note it cuts both ways , in that social hype can make your expectations too high so a decent show can seem rather disappointing . 
  i think no ratings are merely a dishonest reflection of social pressures , but surely socially constructed expectations had an impact on my actual judgement . 
  having just finished it , could n't disagree more . 
  worldbuilding is great , atmosphere - loved it , art is a bit hit or miss - but when it hits its really gorgeous , like in the battle scenes . 
  and technically interesting and significant , as a full-cgi attempt . 
  storyline ? 
  hmm , well loved the hard-ish sf aspect [ ] ( / s `` i 'll disregard the bear and higgs particle weapons ... '' ) , for eg , how inertia and gravity plays a significant role , the nod to leguin 's left hand of darkness [ ] ( / s `` with the third gender that adapts to the partner 's '' ) and similar , but it felt lacking in quite a number of ways , prob characters being the weakest point . 
  which is why i 'm presuming this is bait , but i wan na rant a bit on it so why not bite here ? 
  [ ] ( / s `` for one , its the harem aspect , and the overall highschool obsession with status . 
  consider all the scenes that seem to be there just in order to depict the fickleness of his status - answering the profound questions of - is he popular , who stopped being popular , my god how popular he 's become , oh noes , he 's really not popular anymore ; which girl gets to be with the popular boy etc. 
  bleh , infantile , who gives a fuck honestly . . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` now on a more serious note , it depicted a really cruel treatment of war veterans without any reflection or qualm about it - and i think this is not worldbuilding but sadly in service with this highschool status obsession . 
  so he 's ostracized for supposedly mis-timing his detonation . 
  nevermind the fact he did n't do it and it was an infantile and deadly revenge for someone elses loss of highschool popularity - the story really would be stronger if he really did miss , for then he 'd be acting like a human being rather than a cliche promised hero . 
  this is not a level of scrutiny a war veteran could realistically take . 
  probably in any scenario , but most certainly not one shown to be traumatized and put right back into battle whilst prob suffering ptsd from the previous encounter . 
  regardless of even those excuses , we do n't get stories about individuals who froze , missed a shot etc , for this is understandably not the level of detail reported . 
  and further if it were , could one from the comfort of their home honestly feel rage towards a person who broke while staring death in the face and under intense performance constraints ? 
  one would feel compassion , and would understand . 
  now that this cruel depiction unthinkingly and without reflection goes through in the anime is a rather troubling message . 
  all the more troubling for it seems to be a plot device to make the hero suffer the profound difficulties of not being popular in highschool anymore , a pointless tribulation quickly overcome by proving oneself again - and again - on the battlefield . 
  admittedly it is also the moment of the more significant and character-driving trauma of having his budding love interest die because of him , kinda - but this too would be only stronger if it really was his fault , and this kind of self-blame does n't need the news channels and passers by flinging accusations - it is indeed a more realistic and quite common depiction just with natural self-recrimination and a grief-stricken hateful comment of someone close . . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` ofc the more general issue is a rather generic plot with a trope mc , with a crazily-paced level-up curve in terms of enemies faced - but i 'd live with all that far more easily if it did n't have these obnoxious little details . '' ), 
  how about instead , stavite neke botune sa strane za filtriranje prepopularnih tema kakve sam vidio na recimo / r/europe il / r/worldnews ? 
  aha , right , agreed , prisega i 50 nijansi sive su totalno nevezani , a i ponavljani postovi su totalno drugi problem . 
  ha , a opet nije bas idealan sub za postati o recimo , novim bionickim protezama , eksperimentalnim ljekovima za rak , japanskoj top listi animea , pulsarima u mageljanovom oblaku , romanima mievillea il novom javascript standardu . 
  really ? 
  hm , well i do n't think it likely at all . 
  exactly what economic algorithm do they think the economy would be better off running ? 
  central planing ? 
  and exactly how do they thing this would come to be ? 
  expropriation ? 
  traditional central planing faces obvious hurdles even in organizing the production of predictable goods , lacking price signals and the like . 
  market socialism is in ( essentially untested ) theory more sensible , since it essentially is an emulation of the algorithm used in market dynamics , but i still wonder how effectively entrepreneurship would work without an upper middle class to take on the risks they ca n't persuade any local government council is worth taking and investing in ; if wages still exist ( as they traditionally do in socialist models ) , who would the early adopters be for bold but possibly overpriced new products that play an important role in the innovation cycle ; how would personal savings get mobilized into investment without the promise of interest etc. 
  or how would one efficiently allocate resources without price signals to collect data from . 
  which are all functions that the market essentially performs . 
  kinda like a genetic algorithm . 
  hm , interesting - but , how does that happen ? 
  if you do n't need neither expertise nor resources , surely this is something already being done by that society anyhow ? 
  as a practical example , in quasi-market socialism of yugoslavia , you created a startup pretty much normally , and def needed resources ( though you could imagine a tweak of the system where one can seek government grants by writing projects , eu-funds like ) only no possibility of limited liability existed , and law limited the size and growth of the company . 
  which limits the impact a good idea can have on the economy . 
  no google , facebook or oculus would come to be in such an economy ( unless , given that tweak i mentioned , you can persuade some board this is a good idea ) , until a fairly large portion of the society can recognize its a good idea . 
  which can turn out to be a chicken and an egg problem . 
  and there was not much to do with the profits but either buy real estate or goods as a crude form of investment , or ofc spend more . 
  they are capital then , that you need to have in the first place , though sounds like by that point you either are one of the computers , a cyborg being with few organic systems , prob emotive and motivational - or are their pet cat . 
  and still says nothing about how actual economy - be the actors computers or organic - is organized . 
  the question is then just , how cumputers organize the breath-first exploration of possibly good productive ideas etc. 
  but sure , if you want to run the clock even further forward , if we get to a point where there is no more meaningful industrial progress to be made , it makes little difference , efficiency-wise , whether we centrally manage its production or not . 
  hm , i thought it was genuinely unclear .
