  what did you think it said then , to warrant such labels as eurotrash ? 
   the idea that we can only direct our attention at one problem at a time or that there are `` worse things to be upset about '' as if we have to pick only one is ludicrous . 
  and how did you manage to read that into my comment ? 
  i claimed high costs are to be expected due to high expenses , and i claimed the industry was nevertheless rather successful in its primary mission of advancing treatments . 
  `` surely there are worse things to be upset about '' is just a rhetorical question , implying this hardly sounds like a dysfunctional situation at all . 
  imho the only issue here is how the state can guarantee insurance that 'll actually cover people as opposed to leading to bankruptcies , , something many countries that need to buy from the same companies solved reasonably effectively -- but imagining such universal healthcare should be also cheap is a dangerous fantasy that if implemented through legislative oppression of the pharma industry will simply result in disastrous underinvestment in novel treatments . 
  ahh , but its not like he was debating that trump actually is worse than hitler , that 'd be truly disgusting . 
  he set up the whole comment that one would expect a condemnation of any parallel between the two people can be made , and prefacing it with `` as a german '' and all the talk about how its not comparable and disrespectful , you have a clear expectation as to why - and then inverted that expectation in the last sentence . 
  this is structurally clearly comedic . 
  though i can certainly see any comedy about those horrors can be rather offensive . 
  but dammit how long do we have to be just depressed about it . . 
  gmos , complementary medicine and vaccines would do it for me tbh . 
  though i 'd dislike overly aggressive antinuclear positions too ( say about retiring the current fleet ), 
  i 'd really like to read about a party that actually puts co2 emission reductions at the centre of the policy though . 
  in 538 's polls-plus there was exactly one day in the entire race he had a lead of 0.1 % : july 30th . 
  edit : and that 's in terms of winning in the electoral college . 
  not even on that day did he have the popular vote . 
  affordable , state-sponsored ( to the extent needed ) insurance that broadly covers all people , irrespective of their financial situation . 
  and i do n't really understand why advertising of prescription drugs is ever allowed . 
  prob is n't exactly cheap for the country as a whole , but it certainly can and has to be affordable to people in need . 
  prob not a comprehensive answer , but surely studying what other countries do in detail should give the full answer . 
  minorities ? 
  as far as i could follow the wiki description , it seems to call for extermination of non-whites , period . 
  including the extermination of africa and making asia a nuclear wasteland ... 
  that 's a joke . 
  both are traditional us allies for many decades , you 've got military bases there ( [ al udeid air base ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al_udeid_air_base ) , [ as sayliyah army base ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/as_sayliyah_army_base ) ) , you sell them weapons , you trade oil with them . 
  i would n't be surprised if the saudi family could n't even survive politically without this us backing . 
  and yes that continues despite strong suspicions of their clandestine support of isil , as well as rather non-clandestine peddling of radical islamist views , because geopolitics is a strategic game and not a moral crusade . 
  and , well , oil ... 
  but talking to them ? 
  yeah , that 's just treasonous ( not that there 's been an administration that did n't visit and talk to them even officially anyhow ) ... 
  besides here the discussion was whether this is an actual prosecutable crime in a court of law . 
  there 's no way in hell you could prosecute for treason on the basis of meeting with the representatives of the country . 
  but i do n't agree with the poster below claiming these are probably forgeries . 
  there 's nothing implausible about such engagements of the former president . 
  edit : or at the very least propositions of this kind ; i 'm not sure if there 's any confirmation on whether the meeting ever actually happened . 
  can you source this ? 
  i 've not seen a confirmation or denial of the authenticity of any of the mail , except the implicit confirmation of the `` private and public positions '' mail , given by clinton herself , by explaining what she was referring to . 
  i 'd love to read about the techniques used to conclude really anything about the authenticity of their content , given how unverifiable the source is ( anonymous hackers , and probably hostile state actors ; how 's a journalist supposed to use such a source ? 
  ) , but i 'd settle for a say-so too if unavailable . 
  then you really did n't need isil or enemies states connection for your argument ; for this certainly smells of corruption . 
  though this is not about a gift to clinton personally ; its for the clinton foundation , a rather shady humanitarian foundation he chairs . 
  and as further support for the plausibility of the mail , here 's a washington post article that states the foundation received gifts of just such sums from qatar that year . 
   foundation officials have disclosed that qatar donated to the clinton foundation in 2012 as part of a series of gifts that have so far totaled between $ 1 million and $ 5 million . 
  so its not even news ; we 've known about the sums for a while ; just got a rather bland glimpse in one of these happening . 
  not that it stinks any less by being stale ... 
  there 's all kind of scummy in these ` pay to play ' foundations like the clinton foundation . 
  if she gets impeached , i 'd bet it 'll be about such shit ; but then again , bunch of other politicians from either side would be endangered by such a move ; its not the only such foundation , sadly . 
  outright catching them in doing something illegal has been unsuccessful for i think decades so far though . 
  certainly plays on the limits of the law though . 
  they buy access to power , and prestige , they whitewash their image by donating to the victims of haiti earthquake etc. 
  they get to be invited among people who matter etc , as far as i can understand it . 
  does it count as outright buying influence . 
  or as corruption ? 
  ehh , but its at the very least dancing as close to the edge as it can . 
  i do n't understand why you altered the mail ; its much more interesting to read the real deal than sniping off the entire thread to just the beginning and the end ; its quite revealing in how campaigns think of their funding ; can they take government money , do they risk much by doing it automatically or do they risk more by expressing preference by who they choose to take from , or should they just decline any ; how damaging can it even be to just take the money ; why 's corporate $ ok but governmental should n't be etc. . 
  bunch of aids with differing positions on the matter etc. 
  but this again is a different matter ; campaign financing . 
  nothing surprising that a bunch of state actors do n't want trump in power , and so financially support the clinton campaign . 
  supreme court made a disgusting decision here ; but given that repugnant premise , i 've less problem w that than the shady `` humanitarian '' foundations ; they just swim in it to extract maximum funding . 
  thx alot , this is a very nice read about the hack ; a real dissection of modern cyberwarfare , well cyberespionage false flag operations at least !, 
  i honestly thought even the link to russia is just on intelligence community say-so , and cynically doubted if they might just be covering their incompetent asses by blaming it on a state adversary as for ex comodo certificate authority probably did ( given the later incompetence of the intruder ) a while back , by blaming theirs on iran ( and they 've been known to lie to the public before , even under oath - see clapper 's testimony on mass surveillance of americans ), 
  but this has an absolutely convincing level of detail . 
  til . 
  to quote the relevant portion on the manipulation of the content itself though :, 
   the metadata show that the russian operators apparently edited some documents , and in some cases created new documents after the intruders were already expunged from the dnc network on june 11 . 
  ** a file called donors.xls , for instance , was created more than a day after the story came out , on june 15 , most likely by copy-pasting an existing list into a clean document . 
   although so far the actual content of the leaked documents appears not to have been tampered with , manipulation would fit an established pattern of operational behaviour in other contexts , such as troll farms or planting fake media stories . 
  subtle ( or not so subtle ) manipulation of content may be in the interest of the adversary in the future . 
  documents that were leaked by or through an intelligence operation should be handled with great care , and journalists should not simply treat them as reliable sources . 
  that 's a damn lucky catch , as they could 've manipulated the content more carefully and not left even that trace ( i mean really , messing up the file 's creation time ... just ... ) . 
  this is why i presumed it 'd be impossible to demonstrate data manipulation . 
  guess one can always count on the adversary making some misstep . . 
  thought to add - on this particular email , reading further ran into this washington post article about it :, 
   foundation officials have disclosed that qatar donated to the clinton foundation in 2012 as part of a series of gifts that have so far totaled between $ 1 million and $ 5 million . 
  so we do know these transactions happened ; whether the one in the mail is an actual event or not , such donations are confirmed old news anyhow . 
  and these guys speak about how tough they 'd be with iran , putin and the rest of the planets bullies ; yet ca n't find the balls to stand up to a whiny man-child in their own ranks ? 
  my brain got totally confused for a couple of minutes , as in my native tongue , sad is a translation of `` usa '' . 
  i was like why is he specifying the country he 's talking about ? 
  ... i need some sleep ... 
  try it : http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-swing-the-election/?ex_cid=navlink, 
  tldr :, 
  popular vote : 57.6 % vs 40.6 % for trump ; electoral votes : 369 vs 169, 
  well shit . 
  at least nobody 's hurt . 
  but it could well hurt politically . 
  disgraceful madness . 
  eh , some people really are very 2d . 
  this election if anything demonstrated that much . 
  unless further evidence shows otherwise , you should suppose this is exactly what it seems like ; left-wing brain-dead morons that will hopefully soon be in jail ... 
  yeah you do n't want to consider its ever `` your '' side . 
  takes overcoming some cognitive dissonance . 
  ahh , anything is possible , ofc . 
  but it should be beneath you to suggest so w/o any evidence whatsoever.when they go low and so on ... 
  and that `` knowing '' would constitute what , someone 's guilt being proven beyond reasonable doubt in a court of law ? 
  quite the double standard , as i do n't really see people that hesitant to form reasonable working hypothesis about a number of current events otherwise . 
  you have a clear motive , an entire background narrative of escalation during these elections , a political message stating explicitly what the act was , a political target in a deeply liberal county ; and zero indication of a false flag - but no , we should be airing rather disrespectful conspiracies about it instead until we `` really know '' ? 
  based on shitty motivated reasoning like `` wording does n't ring true to me '' ? 
  this is hardly better than what made trumps current descent into madness so laughable . 
  one should always go with the facts as they 're known at any time and rationally update one 's beliefs as the evidence shifts .
