  3 is certainly legitimate - sometimes excusable by it being the display of decadence/corruption of the societies in question , but i too feel its often just a lack of tactical imagination . 
  not sure what 's the substance between 1 and 2 . 
  yeah , it is anticlimactic , so ? 
  and why would it be odd for empires to get really big - they do in actual history ? 
  re that particular episode , i did n't check the numbers but yeah , you just need ridiculous numbers and targeting of storage systems throuought the planet . 
  stylistically it feels more like a raid on a village than on a planet which is probably your point - which is i guess in keeping with what a planet means in this world but it can often seem rather ... stylized . 
  edit : that 's kind of my gripe with the series ( which is on the top of my fav list ) - its tone is not truly realism , though it seems to strive for it occasionaly , raises such expectations and fans usually present it like that - but its most successfull as a heavily stylized story with a tone of an oldfashioned epic . 
  lots of suspension of disbelief is actually happening in your psyche , from 19ct naval battle tactics representing spacefights , to larger then life heroic characters , to its excessive caricature of religion , to incompetent sidecasts , tragic deaths that probalby should n't be looked in too closely given futuristic medicine etc. 
  this is all perfectly fine for an epic , and as such its a masterpiece . 
  it just is n't for a realistic sf . 
  first arc of the second season :, 
  [ ] ( / s '' ' a sell happened !, 
  adjust the price ! ', 
  - ' a buy happened !, 
  adjust the price ! ', 
  and that 's supposed to be an auction ?? 
  was n't one of the best things about the show the economy ? 
  edit : oh , and the medieval setting ? 
  medieval auction is kinda a contradiction in terms for they were n't used between the fall of the roman empire and 17ct . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` the plot is unreasonable anyhow - lawrence has no means to enforce his will on a giant wolf . 
  horo will do whatever she will regardless of the auction , and he ca n't force her otherwise . 
  even if he 'd sunk so low as to even wish to force his company on her . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` i guess its interesting to try to combine the romantic and the economic plot , but is really the best you could come up with is for lawrence to treat horo as chattle ? 
  and worse , everyone and the show seem to agree his behavior is rather valiant . 
  even his ` opponent ' ffs ! '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` retconning the destruction of horo 's village as being known to lawrence since s1 . 
  its kinda like shitting on whatever experience you had watching s1 , for it can as horo suggested give different interpretations to everyone 's behavior . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` horo 's tantrum there seems odd . 
  if there was one thing that never phased her otherwise , its the inhuman scales of time where everything necessarily passes . 
  and , i do n't buy that she really cared all that much about the place at all , since she apparently did n't bother with it for centuries . 
  she had human form occasionally before , could have at least asked . 
  if for some reason she could n't make a quick voyage there in her fast giant wolf form . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` i think its just a probem with writing rather than such a dark twist to the characters - there is no actual plot or tension if you presume a modicum of reasonableness to the characters in that arc at all so you have to debilitate the characters to get some . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` lawrence stands to gain good cash for free , and horo will choose how she wills regardless of whether he gets the cash or not - because she 's a giant wolf neither could hope to chain . 
  he could try and demonstrate his affection to her to influence her choice . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` but what he tries instead is virtually limit her choices , even though he ca n't really . 
  maybe its a cultural thing , but this is where i , were i a huge wolf , would say goodbye you piece of shit '' ), 
  re point 3 ) , i 've just seen arslan ova , and apparently the writer has a thing about hate-worthy religions in his works . 
  though at least there you have religious characters that are a bit brainwashed but not utterly unrelatable . 
  uh , i 'm supposedly `` watching '' it but honestly have put it on hold after having to pause through the oppening zooming scene a couple of times . 
  possibly made worse by the fact english is not my native tounge , though i like to think i 'm good enough for it to not matter anymore . 
  is there a dub to use instead ? 
  if so would it be recommended ? 
  yeah , a good try had to look something like that . 
  2 & 3 are of rather limited scope . 
  re 1 , i think it works well for what it is - kinda says , `` yeah now some shit happens , but you get the point '' at the emotional zenith ( or nadir really ) of the story - leaving with the greatest punch it can muster -- but sure , agreed , a decent story that does the flashback thing should at least approximately connect the dots as to how end became the beggining . 
  i think it unabashedly pushes western feminist values onto japan . 
  now if that 's required for japan to come to better grips with female equality idk , but it rather obviously has quite a ways to go , in comparison where some parts of the west are . 
  and that too is still a process more than achievement . 
  though i can certainly see this comment is prob portraying the situation even worse than it is . 
  other than that , very good point re submissive characters generally . 
  i think you 'd need a bit more quotations of peer-reviewed literature to give such sweepeing conclusions in evolutionary psychology , such as purity/chastity are evolutionarely preferred by men in females . 
  for one , you need to contextualize this into a prob polygamous hunter/gatherer society where evolution happened . 
  your reasoning presumes that the male will be actively caring for his children , and so needs good assurances that they 're his to justify the investment of resources . 
  it presumes appearing chaste is a good indicator of being chaste , so that it would be a trait on which selection could do its work . 
  seems social clues to being chaste are far too easily faked for any evolutionary pressure about them to be possible . 
  it presumes that confounding variables such as these still leave enough of a signal in `` being chaste '' to override the more obvious approaches that certainly do lead to better chances of offspring survival - the female being more capable of caring for children , and more capable of successfull childbirth - and both of these would imply physical characteristics quite different from the cutesy ideals , and simply having sex with more females . 
  venus of willendorf is a clear counterexample , as well as other paleolithic depictions of the female form . 
  it appears powerfull and fertile , not pure and cute, 
  because a simple tactic would be just for males to sleep with as many as capable women as they can , to ensure at least some of their children have the best chances of survival . 
  finally , i have no idea why you think that `` men still want chaste/pure women '' in the west . 
  i 've not encountered people expousing such sexual preferences . 
  most would rather have beautifull girls that know how to please and are both rather eager and good in bed . 
  wow , interesting !, 
  mal does n't seem to like it much though . 
  is this unjustified ? 
  does anyone know of other lgbt-position-in-society works around ? 
  all understandable responses . 
  i just wished you could offer more than assertions to back up your conclusions on the topic . 
  important caveat yes . 
  but the op asked just anime better than `` its '' manga , so this should qualify too . 
  perhaps intended/implied , but need n't mean manga is the source material . 
  thx !, 
  def added to my ptw list . 
  i can relate to your first point . 
  at least when such as you describe it , then its just an unreasonable setup that seems like a tropish plot device for some titillation , a sexual power fantasy of a lonely teenager and little more . 
  now then , any and all sol and romance ? 
  its not just anime , so much damned stuff was made in pretty much any artform that fits that incredibly broad bill , perhaps you should try expanding your tastes a bit there ? 
  i came to anime rather late - i should have grown up watching pretty much such a list . 
  did you mean , either sol or romance , or only things that are both sol and romance ? 
  btw saw honneamise just a few days ago . 
  quite an incredible piece of art ( even though i found it slightly flawed - but only very slightly , 9/10 ) . 
  the worldbuilding is incredible , everything is so understated - apparently to the point of a certain reviewer not understanding the mc at all , and it develops rather ogranically from an `` alan ford '' - like space program comedy to a restrained prayer that the space age need not repeat the mistakes of history - not even an aspiration or determination , but just a little thing that a prayer is . 
  beautiful . 
  and watched by just 6k under people on mal . 
  and somewhat underrated in the score too . 
  criminal . 
  should make a wt !, 
  on it . 
  hm , for some reason , happy , fun , adorable and cute as such sound unappealing to me . 
  tragedies , depressive settings are something i can more easily relate to . 
  though quality characterization sounds like something i might nevertheless enjoy , but seems to come in a package that i fear will likely just be highly irritating to me . 
  probably will add it to ptw after its a bit less crowded then now ... 
  that theme you linked is a tango . 
  oh , i 'm gon na listen to the entire ost actually , for the next one on that playlist - rekishi wa kataru - is a waltz . 
  so this would be ballroom dancing music anime ? 
  edit : nah , no other examples found . 
  orchestral music mostly . 
  i heard something like a sonata , a theme with variations etc. 
  i guess the very first ( and only at the time ) anime i watched as a kid was [ saber rider ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/2361/sei_juushi_bismarck ) .
