  sorry for a billion questions , i 'd really like to get into rayon , was thinking of asking in pharmacies , since shipping costs via amazon.co.uk are expensive , in comparison to the price of the actual box . 
  i tried explaining it to the best of my knowledge here : http://www.reddit.com/r/trueatheism/comments/2d9udh/what_is_sciences_best_guess_right_now_on_how/cjnzrnc, 
  anyhow , the points are a ) not to trust your intuitions on the matter of what goes on at the energies at the planck scale , and b ) this is a factual question about the laws of physics to be answered empirically ( however indirectly ) if answerable at all - not the domain of meaningful philosophical contribution . 
  and in the end , i think it really is the best thing given current evidence to think matter popped into existence and not be too sure about any of the suggested mechanisms ie reasons for it doing so . 
  that much is provable , speculations as to how and why , less so . 
  its simply a bad habit to push your requirements for explanations that far , if in a factual vacuum . 
  you 'll need to postulate stuff to get predictions anyhow , postulating initial conditions is no different , formally , from postulating the laws guiding their transformations . 
  truly last resort i ever used was a halogen nightstand lamp . 
  waiting for it to heat up a bit , then leaving a bit of extra rolling paper loose ( and/or rolling more paper around it ) , and putting it inside . 
  difficult to get it to burn , but works !, 
  another one were the flames inside a gas boiler . 
  dsge npr . 
  imamo komisijin model npr . 
  ovo je isto super o krizi , al dosta gusto pisano : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/occasional_paper/2014/pdf/ocp179_en.pdf, 
  rather , may or may not make sense . 
  there are different kinds of agnosticism . 
  most/many atheists also are agnostic . 
  thx for the response !, 
  yeah , seen some do some wattage based recalculation ( eg here they seem to even try ac to dc approximation http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/53310/calculating-current-load-for-a-switch ) , others claiming this is totally and absolutely unsafe , they 're not rated in watts but amps and volts and max amp is max amp . 
  i 'm guessing the worst that could happen is autofire , under 15a even that should n't be catastrophic anyhow ... 
  using mosfets seems like a sure way to avoid the dilemma completely and actually be inside some specs but ... 
  looks beautifull , gj !, 
  not exactly what i 'd do if i started over again , but fairly similar to my first device , and i think a common kind of first choice . 
  battery might not last that long , and the clearo is meh , but as a first vape experience , something like that was good enough to kick the habbit for me . 
  blew my mind initially . 
  a practically identical setup to that was good enough for my friend 's first step too . 
  not sure re the price , that might be steep but ... 
  what did you take for liquid ? 
   how could you tell ? 
  well , i got the opportunity to try other devices . 
  nothing i was too unsatisfied with at the time . 
  who knows , if i were isolated perhaps i 'd still be vaping it . 
  tried it again recently . 
  but given the same juice , vape tasted much better on say a protank ( another brand of clearos , with some reputation ; there are others ) first i tried that . 
  though tbh i ended up not liking the taste of clearos as such all that much ; for my factory-made vape , i turned to good ol' cartomizers ( in a cartotank ) . 
  i think that 's a fairly rare preference nowadays , but its what i ended up discovering about myself . 
  writing this down feels funny to me , how did i end up developing so many specific preferences on this ; i 'm usually the guy that 's just fine with whatever food , tobbaco brand etc happens to be at hand ... 
  also not a fan of its size ; if i 'd take a tank , i 'd rather go bigger , so i do n't have to fill up more than once a day . 
  my cartotank takes some 4.5 ml . 
  well , maybe that big is a bit extravagant . 
  last me even two days . 
  this , i 'd need to fill up at least twice a day . 
  next is how much vapor i could get from it . 
  not that much ( ie you ca n't push that much power through its head without burning it or the juice - also i do n't like the idea of making a small coil all that hot ) , and i learned to enjoy somewhat bigger clouds . 
  nothing extravagant , just somewhat bigger . 
  what kind of nicotine concentration were you planning ? 
  i think most ppl recommend 18mg/ml ( i see that 's `` high nicotine '' on their dropdown ) for an average pack a day smoker to begin with . 
  then going down . 
  less might be sufficient for a weaker smoker , not sure . 
  just do n't go through ridiculously excessive amounts of it in a day like that poster some while ago who managed to take i think it was 15ml in a single day ? 
  heh , no - self-diagnosed symptoms of nicotine poisoning ( like erratic heart rate , nausea , anxiety , restlessness , headaches , loss of appetite and tachycardia ) for a few days but afaik alive and well now . 
  and it was 24mg/ml . 
  awful lot !, 
  great , thx for the perfect tip !, 
  is the other one there the same thing ? 
  that does n't sound right , how do you mean , 26g dual parallel giving 2.2 ohms ? 
  that would take what , 32 wraps @ 3mm ? 
  did you mean serial maybe ? 
  too bad for the paywall , looks interesting . 
  wanted to see what kind of juices were more likely to have them , if there is any pattern beyond being sweet . 
  thx again . 
  nah , i 'll stick to the balls ; i 'd want my fibers well aligned , 
  did n't they say its ss317l ? 
  not 316 ? 
  here 's a short exchange on 316 vs 317 : http://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/2etjq4/i_had_a_metallurgist_in_a_top_defence_contactor/ck3l61f, 
  the loss of language means that way of seeing the world is lost . 
  is n't this just a conjecture , which even if true is prob a weak effect ? 
   a 1969 study by brent berlin and paul kay demonstrated the existence of universal semantic constraints in the field of color terminology which was widely seen to discredit the existence of linguistic relativity in this domain , although this conclusion has been disputed by relativist researchers . 
   from the late 1980s a new school of linguistic relativity scholars have examined the effects of differences in linguistic categorization on cognition , finding broad support for non-deterministic versions of the hypothesis in experimental contexts . 
  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] some effects of linguistic relativity have been shown in several semantic domains , although they are generally weak . 
  currently , a balanced view of linguistic relativity is espoused by most linguists holding that language influences certain kinds of cognitive processes in non-trivial ways , but that other processes are better seen as subject to universal factors . 
  research is focused on exploring the ways and extent to which language influences thought, 
  i 'm inclined to see language loss as often a negative thing simply because it may rather be a proxy of minority repression , and not a truly free choice . 
  because it is so central to ethnic identity , its also an obvious target for an assimilation policy on the part of the hegemonic culture . 
  presumably current speakers of a language would usually continue to prefer speaking it and passing it on if the legislative and administrative climate supported it and made it practical as well , if it carried no social stigma etc , so , regardless of the fact i 'd see a planet with just one language an efficiency gain , think whatever language people pass on to their offspring , and use themselves must be a truly unforced choice . 
  though you could do the exact same coil size , shape , diameter , just with parallel wires , and so at lower ohms . 
   voltage drop is a matter of the devices containing the battery much more than the actual battery in most cases . 
  actually batteries always have quite a significant voltage drop . 
  you can see it in the official specs too . 
  if you 're not seeing it , you must be measuring it incorrectly . 
  but this is showing more than vtc5 should be doing , that is true . 
  most comprehensive test , this is of a keepower-rewrapped vtc5 :, 
  for a full battery , it should be dropping to around 3.7 , not 3.4 , when pulling 20a , which gives around .185 ohm, 
  uh , but surely certain suicide bombings can be justified ? 
  like von gersdorff 's suicide bombing attempt at assassinating hitler . 
  and how often depends on how often one is faced with sufficiently dire circumstances , so ca n't be answered generally . 
  but i would 've answered rarely because such examples would come to mind . 
  i do n't understand why some people demand and think crucial that their existences have some ultimate justification at all . 
  why would existence need to be justified by being given a setting in some epic eternal story ? 
  how is our existence diminished by being transient at all ? 
  and what makes eternity that important anyhow ? 
  if a fleeting moment is apriori irrelevant , why would the eternal life and order of things set by a god be any different ? 
  this looks like a zooming-out exercise to me ; while in the moment of dealing with everyday life , it all seems important ofc , but if you zoom out , the huge void and expanse of time makes it look irrelevant . 
  now add a fairly-tale realm of epic proportions underneath it , and somehow this grand scheme is again a narrative one could follow , did follow in various respective religious texts . 
  well , just repeat the exercise ; zoom out and look dispassionately at that , heavens and hells and a god directing it all for unfathomable reasons , and it starts looking queer and pointless all over again , to me at least . 
  how did adding more machinery to the tale really help address this existential anxiety at all ? 
  anyhow , this privileging of permanence and static structures is philosophically suspect ( and fairly ancient ) . 
  ultimate ground itself hovers over a void , so to speak . 
  but let 's try looking at it a bit further :, 
  what logically follows from what , would be best analyzed if you phrased the syllogism explicitly , for i do n't see how temporarily of something leads to conclusions of usefulness , of mattering or of purposefulness of anything , nor am i quite sure what definitions one is using for the latter .
