  consider the claim `` little picture does n't matter if big picture does n't matter . '', 
  - what kind of logical inference is supposed to be happening here ; what kind of notion of mattering is implicit ? 
  you 've got some ultimate mattering ( to god i guess , for this reified notion of mattering is otherwise alien to common speech ) that justifies the particulates of given situations mattering , in a clear-cut decomposition . 
  remove the ultimate ground and this kind of structure falls apart , sure , so one convinced that 's how things are expects nihilism lacking such a grounding , however far-fetched it may be . 
  but why go with such a silly picture in the first place ? 
  our actual uses of such notions like `` this does n't matter '' do not take such epic , grandiose proportions , and we can understand what we mean by them regardless of such a reference . 
  `` it does n't matter ( in response to say an apology ) '' , `` it matters/doesn ' t matter to me '' are quite explicity simply claims about yourself , or normative claims of what you believe . 
  consider useless ( from your `` morals or values ... are useless '' ) - useless to whom ? 
  i wo n't go into it but there are fairly obvious uses , by the society , for moral discourse , for say purely evolutionary purposes . 
  use again is something we evaluate not in the abstract , but for a given task , to a particular user . 
  discourse such as that of mattering , of good or bad , of usefulness and purpose is perfectly intelligible without references to ultimate grounding at all , since that 's how one originally used it . 
  what is of dubious intelligibility , is taking such common words to still have meaning when speaking of existence in totality , of the universe etc. 
  what seems absolutely baffling is to take the former is derived from the latter , rather than vice versa !, 
  re nihilism , the closest to what he seems to be claiming in the actual discussions of ethics , are probably noncognitivist positions , by which morals simply do not have factual content ; can not be true or false at all . 
  a subtype for instance equates the claims like `` killing is wrong '' with emotive exclamations ; as akin to `` boooo to killing ! '' . 
  many subtypes of this position are morally nihilist given a certain definition thereof - namely they support the claim that there just is no such thing as morality , `` ultimately '' / `` intrinsically '' . 
  some variants do n't even within the noncognitivist spectrum ( eg prescriptivism ) . 
  and this noncognitivist position is only one among many secular positions one could take on morality . 
  google methaethics . 
  this certainly has nothing to do with say ontological or epistemological nihilism , which seems obligatory in any philosophical position called such in history of thought ( like the skeptics , or arguably nietzsche or the existentialists ) . 
  history of the label nihilism is fairly interesting - was used to describe basically rebels against rigid order of 19ct russian society and indeed belief in materialism , rationalism and science . 
  in the end this is a discussion about facts of the matter - not what kind of position we 'd like to be true . 
  i dislike it when the discussion sounds like a scare-label one is supposed to demonstrate does n't apply , where the facts of the matter are secondary to the perceived virtuousness of the position one is trying to defend . 
  what is true in methaetics is a serious question , with reasonable positions across the spectrum . 
  it is quite problematic to argue the superiority of an ontological position , and a factual claim - the existence of god and the fact of afterlife respectively , based on the fondness for the methaetical positions this premise would make easier to defend , which is apparently what the guy seems to be doing . 
  to claim from the preference in the latter the truth or likelihood of the former would be quite a non sequitur . 
   emoto 's popularity is a sad commentary on the scientific illiteracy of our society . 
  his work is a morass of factual errors , misconceptions , misinterpretations , metaphors , and meaningless assertions . 
  he writes in the language of magical thinking and superstition , not of science . 
  heh , why do you call this republican-speak ? 
  because its about the economy ? 
  hard to see what else corporations could claim , to be acknowledged as having a stake in the result . 
  anyhow , should n't surrender economical discourse to the right wing . 
   they are using technology to triangulate the location . 
  ... and there it goes . 
  just what we were talking about some days ago . 
   `` it baffles me how easily people are willing to share such personal information in a country like egypt - it is beyond stupid . '', 
  indeed , me too . 
  hah laniakea got into that icon , 
  where i 'm unsure is whether these are just the risks people are willing to take in order to live their life , consequences be damned , we ca n't live under such constant fear and opression etc - or are simply not aware of exactly how transparent their personal data would be to say the police if they engage in it . 
  its been known for a while , and yes , the risk is real - and its an avoidable risk - so just avoid it . 
  psa on it , from 3 years ago : http://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/g225g/, 
  if you fail to aviod it , you can still be somewhat comforted by the fact you were likely inhaling many times more of it while you smoked . 
  not that any quantity is safe . 
  avoidable risk , as i said . 
  edit : yeah , and to repeat and underline what the other poster said since its worth remembering and key to understanding most negative media reports on ecigs - `` remember nobody ever said vaping was healthy . 
  it 's just not as bad as smoking . '', 
  and should add , less bad by between one or two orders of magnitude , depending on the toxin in question . 
  a fairly comprehensive metaanalysis - http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2458/14/18/, 
   vendor worth their salt has removed diacetyl from their products . 
  rather , said to have removed it from their products . 
  what was damning in the farsalinos research , is that products marked as diacetyl free still had substantial amounts of it . 
  regardless of risks , this is just fraud . 
  recent media attention on the matter i 'd guess . 
  eg the bbc article - http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-tyne-28955590, 
  this is prob the one in question http://www.ecigarette-research.com/web/index.php/research/2014/178-da-ap paywall unfortunately . 
  ideally they 'd make independent tests for da , ap in the finished product public too , since manufacturer 's declarations have been found false in some products on the market - and we should start expecting that from juice manufacturers - but yeah , this was a fairly aggressive exchange . 
  accidentally found some snus while waiting for slowtech . 
  good stuff . 
  edit : did n't expect a downvote for a different suggestion - but research around ; there 's significant body of evidence demonstrating snus to be a sensible harm reduction strategy , and as an effective and satisfying nicotine delivery system . 
  not sure what the best article to link would be , i 'll go with a small metastudy http://www.harmreductionjournal.com/content/10/1/36 and an advocacy piece lamenting the eu ban http://www.clivebates.com/?p=434 also gives some demographic data on the long swedish experience with it . 
  what do you mean by `` absolute craziness flying around about diacetyl '' ? 
  was there more media hysteria ? 
  we 're to blame i think . 
  or rather juice vendors . 
  this was avoidable . 
   even though they were 2 times higher than the extremely strict safety guidelines . 
  this is still worse than anything else previously found in vape . 
  everything is fractions of conservative safety limits except this shit . 
  plus its just stupid , since its put in there for certain types of taste , and even in that function , replaceable . 
  yeah , that 's one side of it . 
  well once you start caring about reducing harm , you 'd want to reduce it as much as practical . 
  remember discussions of boiling cotton or of possibility of hexavalent chromium leaching from ss mesh etc ? 
  there 's a balance to be struck , sure , esp with compounds developed by the mechanism of vaporizing - but diacetyl is just a trivial matter of not putting the shit in there in the first place , so needs to be eliminated asap . 
   what 's your frame of reference ? 
  same as for everything else analyzed in vape - occupational hazard levels , set conservatively . 
  you can find the references http://www.toxipedia.org/display/toxipedia/diacetyl eg this seems a simple summary :, 
   the national institute for occupational safety and health ( niosh ) conducted several studies that confirmed the link between occupational exposure to artificial butter flavoring and lung diseases . 
  in 2000 they issued recommendations to a missouri microwave popcorn plant about protecting workers from this hazard , and in 2003 they sent an alert recommending safeguards to 4,000 businesses that might use or make butter flavoring . 
  and you can see analysis of vape in comparison to occupational safety levels for many many other things , in the seminal peering through the mist study - snippet of a paragraph on this methodology :, 
   one way of approaching risk evaluation in this setting is to rely on the practice , common in occupational hygiene , of relating the chemistry of industrial processes and the emissions they generate to the potential worst case of personal exposure and then drawing conclusions about whether there would be interventions in an occupational setting based on comparison to occupational exposure limits , which are designed to ensure safety of unintentionally exposed individuals . 
  in that context , exposed individuals are assumed to be adults , and this assumption appears to be suitable for the intended consumers of electronic cigarettes, 
  this seems quite similar to the procedure used in the farsalinos study on diacetyl - full text behind paywall unfortunately but a graphical summary : http://gfn.net.co/downloads/2014/posters/122%20farsalinos%20%20-%20da_ap.pdf, 
  edit : i mean look at that , its just silly , compare the two texts . 
  our vaporisers can manage to keep unavoidable risks of various obscure shit , not even the worst ones touching even 10 % of strict safety levels - but we get a completely avoidable risk overshooting such levels by more than two times ?!, 
  needs to be fixed . 
   god may very well may or may not exist . 
  you simply dont know ( and never will ) . 
  yup , he may or may not exist . 
   in my opinion the burden of proof relies on facts , not on the one, 
  making the claim , opposed to what atheists like to argue . 
  abstract discussion , and ultimately irrelevant . 
  one wo n't actually profit from postulating the existence of a god in any intellectual endeavor one might engage in . 
  there is nothing one can predict from it , there is simply no work such a premise can possibly do . 
  for if there was , then one would have evidence for or against it based on the reliability of such predictions , conclusions . 
  and so one wo n't bother with it , if rational . 
  it may still be true , technically . 
  it will certainly be irrelevant though . 
  in practice , your thinking will be devoid of god-presumptions . 
  it will be a-theistic .
