  depends on the job , but i 'd find a situation where a boss even suggest a mandatory prayer , insensitive to possible diversities of worldviews among his workers , just is unacceptable . 
  and losing your job over your religion is just very illegal , in my country at least . 
  losing a job over having an asshole for a boss seems like a decent deal , so not one i 'd particularly care to avoid if i have any options materially . 
  most everyone is religious and pretty much as conservative as ppl get on my job . 
  ppl are just not such pricks to pry too much into private attitutes of others . 
  or at least they do n't care what the tech guy believes . 
  but i pretty much outed myself as a complete skeptic when some discussion about the paranormal was opened . 
  in public settings ? 
  not sure exactly what you mean , but which kind of public settings are appropriate avenues for discussing any worldviews ? 
  if you mean things like a job or such , where given all the time ppl spend together , religion could come up , then i agree , really your basic rights have been trampled upon and if you live in a marginally sane country , you probably have grounds for a suit . 
  christian antisemitism . 
  been there since the first centuries of the faith . 
  what is there to understand ? 
   most models for dark matter assume that it interacts through exotic forces that we do not encounter in everyday life, 
  what ? 
  they mean , weak force is supposedly exotic ? 
  is n't the entire premise of dark matter being wimp ( which i think is the dominant hypothesis ) that it interacts only via gravity and possibly the weak force ? 
   but he is the leader of the gelug school, 
  no he is n't . 
  ganden tripa is . 
  dalai lama is more like the monarch of central tibet . 
  edit : see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kashag and before that https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dual_system_of_government, 
   completely philosophical and possess no elements of superstition, 
  hah , i 've never been convinced by this . 
  i mean , you can always argue the superstitious aspects functioned more metaphorically than literally , but i do n't think for eg dogens writings would look devoid of superstitions like karma and rebirth if taken literally . 
  probably buddhism as its known on the west is the least religious that tradition has ever been . 
  abs . 
  but his significance , esp after the exile but also before , is not limited to the gelug school . 
  which was the most powerful one anyhow . 
  there was an attempt to put an atheist slogan ( anarchist really , no gods , no masters ) on city trams in zagreb , the capital of croatia , few years ago . 
  they payed for it to be up for one month . 
  they were up for one day before being removed for being offensive to the religious . . 
   can not establish a church , have religious requirements for office, 
  that actually seems far too narrow . 
  wonder how france does it . 
  level of this separation us has now need n't be ideal . 
  i think whether they 'll outright influence politics or not should not be a good measure , apart from `` they already do it '' and `` it was n't banned '' as you say , also because , think it would be just outright discrimination to limit if a group of ppl can run their candidates or not . 
  that much is their right . 
  and its up to the constitution to protect the basic principles from a transient majority against those . 
  if that were currently effectively done by a financial insentive , as the commenter above implied , well then that would be a shady current manipulation of the voter base . 
  its effectively equivalent to paying ppl already established as the leaders of a certain ideology , not to form a party . 
  and i would n't want that to continue irrespective . 
  all i do want is that churches , as interest groups , are n't privileged over any other interest groups . 
  but on the other hand , i 'm in a small ngo , which is basically an interest group as much as church is , and i know we pay some taxes , like i think i 'll get some wage for 2 months , after usually volunteering , and some substantial part of it will go to income and whatever taxes , untill tax returns next year diminish that slightly . 
  but i think we do n't pay some other taxes . 
  i do n't want churches to be treated differently than such an ngo would be , tax-wise . 
  if charities are treated more favorably than than , i do want churches not to be automatically treated as charities , but to have to prove and separate charitable from interest-group funding . 
  so , i 'm asking , now privileged a church is vs any other interest group would be , in taxes , in the us ? 
  edit : church financing is even worse in my country , croatia . 
  concordat simply stipulates they get 2 average gross national wages per parish . 
  we might get to reform that into an optional church tax like germany . 
  though i still do n't see why the government would effectively need to be the collector of donations for the churches , for that to be particularly fair either . 
   because the state , in an extension of `` everyone is free to believe and should be able to do so it he so wishes '' , is paying for the upkeep of the places of worship ( and may also pay for new places if needed ) . 
  cults also have some fiscal advantages ( regarding the donations done to them among other things , if i remember correctly ) . 
  ha , funny how even the praised secularism of france still manages to find some route to subsidize religions . 
  would the government build me a gigantic pyramid if i had a million followers insisting that only granite-stone built pyramids higher than a 100m at the peak are places where god can hear your prayers , and so we need to have group sunday services there ? 
  or they just pay the upkeep for the cultural heritage ? 
  i presume they do the latter here as well , not sure . 
  i do know a bunch of culturally worthwhile churches or just unused ones are maintained by the city - but as desacralized monuments . 
  edit : thx for your detailed and informative reply !, 
   to choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation . 
  of life ? 
  surely its of knowledge ? 
  and to choose doubt as the method of obtaining knowledge is exactly what the only uncontroversially epistemically successful human endeavor - science - has been doing for centuries . 
   `` possibly a f-f-failing oxygenation of the b-b-brain , '', 
  but , that 's exactly what science makes out of the stories of near-death experiences :d so the person speaking these lines you quote has little evidence that this is n't exactly what would in fact be happening . 
   even if he teleports into your bedroom and bitchslaps you ? 
  that would n't convince me , could be aliens screwing with us . 
  greek version of the new testament being inscribed into the polarization data of the cosmic microwave background radiation though - heh if that was there , i 'd probably believe a supernatural cause sooner than a ridiculously advanced civilization . 
  or if prayer studies turned out positive , but only if the people praying were catholic . 
  that 's the point - sufficient evidence would change my mind . 
   you people just do n't know that you are agnostic , like every other person on the planet, 
  sure , that 's what i say - agnostic atheist . 
  like russell . 
  as in , do n't believe claims unless presented with evidence they 're true . 
  that 's how evidence works in science . 
   there is no god . 
  there is nothing that will ever be 100 % . 
  overwhelmingly unlikely there 's any supernatural phenomena . 
  as sure as one gets to be about stuff, 
  god of the gaps basically . 
  you do n't know x , hence god . 
  you can point out how conditions in early earth were favorable for life to arise , if they merely think it unlikely . 
  if its some metaphysical postulate they 're suggesting , well i do n't understand what they 're saying then , rna/dna is literally magic ? 
   please respect my right to exercise my faith ( as long as it does not violate common law , important point ) . 
  not my right not to be criticized ( this does not exist ) , just my right to go to church without being personally attacked ( and by `` personal '' i mean stuff like `` you 're an idiot for believing '' . 
  there 's a difference between calling my religion or me stupid ) . 
  so pretty much what ignost said . 
  criticise religion , do n't be a dick to me personally , please . 
  my only other pet peeve is dismissing the formative role of christianity in european / american histor, 
  i do n't think you have any right not to be personally attacked either . 
  i mean , its not a way i 'd treat my friends , and i would n't discuss religion unless we were fairly close anyhow , and , if you were my friend , as moderate progressive anglican , i promise i 'd behave . 
  if you were a conservative catholic though , i 'm pretty sure we would n't be friends for long , even if you did n't have any issue with either my atheism or sexual orientation , i certainly would at some point get provoked enough to start flinging insults were i insulted on either of those basis . 
  my point is , this is just myown way of drawing lines between polite behavior and intrusion to privacy . 
  but its not obliging in any way . 
  you may have a right not to be talked to by complete strangers ( that 's a different matter again ) , and ppl that 'd insult you , given your strain of beliefs might be just rude idiots , but at some point , your opinions might indeed be really so repugnant for a strong reaction by a non-stranger to be perfectly understandable . 
  them merely being a religious conviction in the end does n't even come into the equation - just what exactly those are . 
   unless he / she was very old and raised that way , that 's like not beating up old people over casual racism , even though it 's sometimes quite grating ... 
  oh , good point , i 'd be lenient under such circumstances too, 
   i choose to observe some religious practice that does not impinge on you ( note how i stated that freedom of religion should only ever extend to the freedoms and limitations already granted by `` secular '' law ) , then you are still fully within your remit to criticise the practice , even mock it , but you do not have the right to personally insult me .
