  or if the police is unsuccessful , you 'd continue treating this as an unclear mystery in your mind ? 
  i think this is merely bias ... 
  it would be criminal for the police to lock people up w/o positive evidence ofc , or for the investigation to stop on the basis of presumption , i do n't see how anything i said suggests otherwise . 
  but for the public perception to wait for the same standard is - a double standard . 
  this is clearly for eg not what 's happened with allegations against trump ; people found at least some of these convincing.even the racist terrorist from yesterday have not yet been on trial , and so are technically innocent , but nobody acted like that at all . 
  or more generally , people reach a provisional position on public matters , based on whatever info the media gives them ( often inadequate to actually be conclusive , especially in scientific matters , or say the economy ) . 
  unless there 's too much cognitive dissonance in doing so . 
  this is how people build up a party bias . 
  explain away by motivated reasoning unfavourable data , and far less critically accept favourable data, 
  hehe , yeah , there 's no doubt the terrorist case is much clearer , cuz you 've got the actual people arrested and a bunch of evidence the investigators prob consider sufficient to lock them up . 
  i do n't think there 's anything unreasonable at all in seeing them as guilty . 
  just pointing that even there , there 's still an even higher standard of guilt they 've yet to fulfil . 
  other than that , ok , does n't sound typical to you , fine . 
  i 'm just seeing a polarizing elections with a bunch of violent rhetoric - so not that surprised that someone snapped and went from rhetoric to property damage . 
  thinking about it in terms of false flag seems needlessly conspiratorial . 
  i guess the best reason to think so is that they 're losing so hard by now that they 're certainly desparate enough . 
  but i 'd still bet say 10 to 1 against it . 
  edit : had a funny false flag graffiti in my country ( croatia ) recently . 
  someone wrote ` this is serbia ' and some other shit on a church in an ethnically mixed city , in cyrillic script . 
  but linguists pointed out that some word forms they used etc were typical of the croatian language standard , not serbian , so its likely a false flag , seeking to provoke ethnic resentments . 
  so it certainly happens . 
   socialists, 
  sanders wanted to ban any and all private ownership of companies ? 
  oh , if he did that error himself , that certainly explains the label . 
  til . 
  story does n't make too much sense ; why would some servers be worth a drastic move like that , presuming they had one such to play ? 
  remember what happened to piratebay after they were raided , and so physically disabled ? 
  nothing at all , started up in record time . . 
  if they had some chips to bargain with for their physical security though , i ca n't say i 'd blame them for it . 
  they do n't have to literally die in the name of transparency, 
  the organisation has sunk into doing just whatever assange wants it to a while back , w/o a boad with any actual power etc. 
  and that guy has a hell of a grudge against hillary for his `` persecution '' ... 
  just to note that this particular article does n't document any alterations to the wikileak hacks specifically - speaks of other cases . 
  but i recently saw the article about the hack from vice that does point to one file having clearly been altered :, 
   created new documents after the intruders were already expunged from the dnc network on june 11 . 
  a file called donors.xls , for instance , was created more than a day after the story came out , on june 15 , most likely by copy-pasting an existing list into a clean document . 
  and that 's a damn lucky catch ; they could 've set the timestamp on the file however they wanted to, 
  i think there 's a significant drop in their credibility when instead of whistleblowers , your sources are state hackers . 
  how could wikileaks as much as anyone else trust in the integrity of the leak from such a biased source ? 
  i 'd like to think wikileaks from the time of manning leaks would n't have engaged in a leak we 're seeing now , and that this is simply a product of assange 's grudge against the former secretary of state for his uncomfortable predicament . 
  it 'd certainly make for a fine book . 
  but i 'd very much like it if their source was n't as potentially biased as a russian hack . 
  machine translation seems to be making good progress recently ; ca n't wait to be able to read german , nordic , dutch , swiss press in a few years . . 
  a whisteblower is someone who puts themselves in the harm 's way to uncover illegal or morally dubious activities they 've been made aware of ; they have everything to lose and no motivation to lie . 
  this is clearly not the case with a russian hacking operation . 
  so they can not be treated the same . 
  in this particular leak , vice article does identify one file that is clearly fabricated , donors.xls , as the timestamp is after the hackers were purged from the dnc net . 
  and that 's a terribly lucky find , as they could 've been more careful and corrected the timestamp to make the file look more plausible . 
  this is from that article about the hack : http://motherboard.vice.com/read/all-signs-point-to-russia-being-behind-the-dnc-hack, 
  journalism usually does have criteria in how to responsibly leak info ; for example during the snowden leak , greenwald protected the identities of people nsa targeted , and naturally protected his source , and his wishes with the material . 
  i 'm not sure what a responsible , ethical way of handling hacked info may be , but this can not be it . 
  when manning leak occurred , clinton was in the state department . 
  he himself claimed clinton was pushing for punishing him for the manning leak . 
  as you may recall , his own legal case occurred not too long after , and during it , he claimed it was an excuse to extradite him to the us . 
  idk if any of his beliefs are true , but its clear he believes clinton is out to get him , for the manning leak . 
  here 's the interview where he said so , though i have no idea how he might claim to know such a thing . 
  and the hill article that pointed it out : http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/300890-assange-grudge-against-clinton-shapes-us-election, 
   so , the russian thing is not proven . 
  did you check out the vice article ? 
  that there convinced me ; its pretty damn clear , also with links to operations in germany and switzerland etc. 
   yeah , that did n't happen with snowden . 
  this was from the discussion about the leak by greenwald himself , at chaos computing conference in berlin , think its 31c3 or 30c3 , should check , but you can find them on youtube yourself . 
  you clearly disagree , but i think the snowden case was pretty much the epitome of ethical investigative journalism . 
   maybe snowden should have actually tried to tells someone about what was going on rather than just running like he did . 
  binney already did pretty much that , to no effect . 
  maybe , though he does sound like a common social democrat to me - which may include stronger regulation and possibly partial nationalizations of particular industries even . 
  anyhow , an actual socialist would wish for the notion of companies , or any other form of private ownership of the means of production ( factories , etc ) disappear completely . 
  what exactly is the deal with those nchan spaces ? 
  i remember 4chan from maybe 7-10years ago , random board was well sexually explicit and rather funny if blunt at times . 
  and lots of anime subculture references , which i liked . 
  had a folder with memes from it etc. 
  have n't seen much of it in quite a while . 
  now its apparently bots for trump , gamergate etc ? 
  did i just not recognise that aspect of the culture there or has it gotten way way worse ? 
  incest between consenting adults is actually legal in at least france , spain , the benelux and portugal . 
  do n't believe there are any limits re fertility even . 
  honestly , are people progressive enough to be for marriage equality really hung up on poly relationships and consensual incest ? 
  yeah quite possible . 
  just had a brief look at it again because of this discussion , and certainly looks familiar . 
  still a bunch of nice anime boards even outside of / b / ; just not that appealing a concept to me overall i guess . . 
  though / pol / did n't exist at the time , so maybe there are some differences for the worse . 
  i hope you mean personal weapons . 
  rich folk with tanks and rocket launchers sounds like a highly dangerous proposition to me . 
  apropos your username , at one time these chans were shaping kids angry about us imperialism ; heard a talk by some anon guys on ccc about their experiences with the us law system , for spamming paypal because it boycotted wikileaks in the wake of manning revalations of the iraq war diaries etc. 
  and anonops was attempting ( at least ) to support the arab spring revolutions ( hung around in their irc channel at the time ; inspirational pictures of the revolution and discussing wifi nodes on tahrir square ), 
  i could have doubts about their methods , but the aims were idealistic and progressive . 
  and as you say nowdays you just read of doxing and raids in support of the alt-right agenda . 
  it saddens me ... 
  well this is entirely a tangent , but i think i 'd share hobbsean concerns of the stability of peace in a condition w/o a great governmental leviathan with a substantive monopoly on power . 
  with some prominent historical exceptions , even living in a dictatorship seems preferable to being in a failed state , so i 'd rather not have my risks lean in that direction . 
   where there is no common power , there is no law , where no law , no injustice . 
  force , and fraud , are in war the cardinal virtues . . 
   during the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe , they are in that conditions called war ; and such a war , as if of every man , against every man . 
  the 2nd amendment is a us curiosity that does n't really fascinate me , as a non-american . 
  but i 'm sympathetic to the right of personal self-defence . 
  not however to any means of uprising against governmental power , which is what the tanks can only be for . 
  i think 1 ) should be tempting now ; you 're getting hated by pro-trump voters anyhow , and that maybe after the defeat , soul-searching in the party will make you into a brave principled voice . 
  depends on how much of the trumps base will still be unashamedly pro-trump in 2018 . 
  i think there 's a decent chance they 'll crawl back under the rocks when the election psychosis passes . 
  and a fair chunk of his vote is just loyal republican voters , single issue voters , or are simply anti-hillary , but who do n't think too much of trump anyhow .
