  and unless our physics is terribly wrong - and it has n't been that wrong in established facts within their domain of applicability yet , ever - that 's as good as it gets . 
  think we just need to successfully stabilize as a species , then we wo n't fret about a mere few millennia here and there . 
  they 're a blink of an eye by cosmic standards after all . 
   i disagree with this assumption because it does n't take into account the history of technology and how it creates entire industries and pushes economies forward . 
  i remember l.summers making the point in a lecture ( wo n't search , recent canadian something on youtube ) , that if you actually look at some of these transitions in history , you will see fairly major job market disruptions for quite some time . 
  and i do n't think we 're currently at a point of mere incremental if significant technological advancement , to expect other jobs to compensate , but are rather at the moderately remote bowshock of an otherwise rapidly approaching general technical obsolescence of biological organisms as tools to do almost any kind of work . 
  at the point when we 're simply matched in most physical and mental capabilities , there is no conceivable work where we can be further needed , apart maybe as luxury servants for the rich who want to show off their retro taste in having humans work for them - that is to say , at jobs where part of the job description just is being human . 
  silly to consider this to mean that technology is a workers enemy though - surely the fact that work is obsolete because we 've automated all of it away in general is great news ? 
  obviously we 'll need to vote for an income being provided to everyone unrelated to doing work , just because we can as well as because economy would still need general spending power of the masses , but that does n't seem so complex to happen when the time comes when this is in almost everyone 's interest . 
   i ca n't see the political support for basic income happening, 
  sure , but you also do n't currently see say 50 % unemployment . 
  it 'll happen fairly easily when its a surviving necessity for almost everyone , and not a second sooner . 
   because computers ( no matter how many idiots think otherwise ) will never be able to be inventive . 
  because there wo n't be any pixie dust in their artificial synapses ? 
  humans too are a meat machine , as any idiot can easily note . 
  hm , odd given that it did n't quite make it into the dsm . 
  can there be doctors for diseases not even established to exist ? 
  wiki, 
   in may 2013 , the american psychiatric association ( apa ) proposed criteria for video game addiction in the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders , concluding that there was insufficient evidence to include it as an official mental disorder ... 
  the american psychiatric association decided that enough evidence exists to propose the potential disorder of video game addiction as a `` condition requiring further study '' in the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders as internet gaming disorder, 
  uk , a country that imports sunshine from the middle east  d at least you 've got plenty of wind ...  d, 
  so this is another instance where basically spirituallity = insufficiency of critical thinking . 
  for that 's an extremely poor evidential basis to believe dmt is magical . 
  on the spooky coincidence - well , unlikely events happen all the time . 
  indeed it would be bizzare if spooky shit did n't occasionally happen , for it should here and there , just by law of large numbers , especially counting reports of what happened to other people . 
  no doubt one will encounter people that had really deeply spooky things happen , as i presumably have now . 
  never trust your statistical intuitions , for humans are notoriously bad at things like judging something to be random or producing random sequences or making statistical inferences - basically most things dealing with statistics . 
  that 's why anecdotes count for little in way of evidence . 
  on the proposed mechanism , well for one , plz at least read strassman 's book if you 're going to namedrop it . 
  his work studies how dreams as well as transcendental experiences might have a neurological basis in episodes of the release of dmt . 
  far from magical , it would in fact hardly be a surprise if one actually is under the influence of a hallucinogen when one in fact experiences visionary hallucinations quite alike to the drug induced ones . 
  though i gather other neurochemists are unconvinced that we in fact are capable of synthesizing sufficient quantities of dmt to account for such states in this manner . 
   oh , so spirituality is made up nonsense that never , ever happens then . 
  oh on the contrary , the type of experiences he 's describing in general - ie coincidences that seem highly unlikely yet profoundly meaningful are rather plausible - many will report wonder at many episodes in their lives . 
  i 've still had no luck in convincing my boyfriend that his meaningful coincidences are rather unremarkable considering all that may bear on explaining them ... 
  yet having them is what one would actually expect by dumb chance alone - by the law of large numbers , in years of our individual experience . 
  but humans have a horrible grasp at what chance looks like . 
  try asking them to produce a string of random digits . 
  you wo n't see them make say repetitive substrings of the same digits nearly enough to make their `` random '' strings anything like a really random one . 
  combine that with our selection bias , hearing trustworthy second-hand reports which makes encountering some such amazing coincidences far more likely , possibly skewed recollection especially around emotionally hard events , or even ( self - ) reports that originate from psychologically unstable people ( say personalities with schizotypal tendencies or such ) , etc , and you really should n't be too sure the origin of a story need be outright lies . 
  uh , if only maintaining coherence of quantumly entangled particles in an open system were as trivial as that , we 'd have quantum computers ages ago . 
  but also , of course , quantum physics would simply be incoherent if any causal influence were possible over the entangled `` connection '' . 
  if your proposed mechanism is quantum entanglement , you should at least be familiar with the fact than no information nor causal influence can be transferred by quantum entanglement . 
  so it could n't possibly account for a dream the retelling of which is causing a substantial number of paragraphs in this discussion :d, 
  with a bit of understanding of the phenomena , you may see it as fairly pedestrian in its core , when stripped of generic strangeness of all quantum phenomena - it is no more connecting two particles over distances than the connection that exists between the bertleman 's socks , named after the austrian physicists who never wore socks of the same color - namely the connections in both cases are merely conceptual ones based on a known prearranged correlation . 
  in the case of socks , when bertelman was say turning a corner , and one would see only one of his socks , seeing it 's say green , one could immediately know that the other sock is not green . 
  this is just a prearranged correlation and it takes no second measurement to know the what the value of it would be , so obtaining this fact is not limited by the speed of light . 
  it is just that in the quantum case , as in all quantum descriptions , the fundamental description of the world is not one of final values on exact positions etc , but of a function defined with different values on all possible positions , which `` collapses '' ( or decoheres ) into an classical description probabilistically only at measurement , its values giving the probabilities of different outcomes . 
  so instead of a green and a nongreen classical sock in the classical case , in the quantum case we have two countercorrelated functions . 
  which classical value either will take is then still probabilistic , but the countercorrelation of the values holds , since it has been prearranged in the countercorrelation of the functions , and hence one can deduce what the value of one variable will be at measurement whenever and wherever it happens , by measuring the other , unlimited by the constraints of the speed of light in just the sense in which this was true for the classical socks . 
  as to your last paragraph , i 'm confused - for one , it is a book documenting actual experiments done in specific situations relevant - indeed focused on - the discussion of the role of dmt in dreams and near-death experiences - not a collection of mere speculations . 
  in other words , exactly the genre of literature we really should take seriously as having a shot at being true . 
  for another , i specifically said its conclusions are unconvincing to most neurochemists . 
  furthermore , you raised the subject yourself , using it precisely as an argument from autority - `` scientists call it the spirit molecule '' - i simply said what this authority you invoked , i.e. 
  the scientist who called it the spirit molecule and named his book thus , meant , discussed and demonstrated therein , and to what level of plausibility . 
  uh , quantum computers have nothing to do with the current state of neuroscience , such as it is ( though i 'm fairly bullish and think we understand a great deal already really ) . 
  anyhow , there is practically no connection between the two disciplines . 
  what i meant was just that its damned difficult to maintain quantum coherence ; we ca n't really do it for any significant amount of qbits yet for all the effort and technology , and you nonchalantly presume this is just somehow happening all by itself , presumably between you and your grandma ... 
  an incredible leap of unfounded and highly implausible conjecture . 
  now i 'm supposed to discuss bulletpoints ? 
  at least make the effort to write a complete sentence . 
   it 's a one semtemce comment on reddit lol , and you are freaking out like i just submitted a dissertation on the matter . 
  fair enough . 
  i do avoid believing in claims that do n't already have at least a couple of dissertations written on them though :d i think its a useful way of avoiding bullshit , with so much of it floating around . 
  anyhow , i 'd suggest reading up on quantum physics from more grounded sources , and in particular on socks of different colors :d, 
  i know where it is ; its not unheard of to call north africa part of the middle east too - and indeed in g8 usage , tunisia is in the [ middle east ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_middle_east#countries_and_territories_of_the_middle_east_according_to_the_g8 ) . 
  sry , it was not an error but just an obviously poor attempt at a joke about the british weather . . 
  if so , seems reasonable , no i sta im je onda dosudjeno ? 
  but i do n't get it , average intelligence ( and thereabouts in either direction ) should n't mean they 're rather stupid - it should be enough to learn things like trigonometry and systems of equations , and memorize incredible quantities of boring facts , as well as learn at least one foreign language to some basic usable competency , since most people are capable of finishing high-school , and most can communicate with tourists and the like . 
  surely these are by far more complex than understanding dogs and wolves are related , or that a poodle was in fact ( and as a matter of historic record ) shaped as it is by selective breeding ? 
  think i could recall cartoons from early childhood explaining that much ffs ... 
  i think most people do learn about mendelian genetics and evolution of species as young teens in my country at least - its def taught in the grammar schools ( in the british sense ) , and these are by far the dominant choice of secondary education here . 
  no , i do n't think this is about ability , but about willful ignorance . 
  quite likely , if vaping is harmful at all . 
  most of the health effects we may worry about are neither from nicotine nor from contaminants in its source , but thing like , say metals , flavorings , such levels of continual exposure to pg & vg , various molecules that might develop while heating them ( eg acrolein ) , their contaminants etc. 
  list is fairly long actually ( unlike what that - only 4 molecules meme suggests ) , only it generally seems quite acceptable by common toxicological standards , at least with cartos and ego clearos on common settings that were usually used in most studies so far . 
  to bi oslabilo kunu itekako , ali bi podiglo dosta ekonomskih indikatora - to je barem teorija toga , ali praksa je velik rizik . 
  hopefully that 'll be the obvious and trivial legal response to this challenge too . 
   e . it seems that both the researchers and the reviewers who approved the study for publication missed that energy should be expressed in watts . 
  uff , surely he meant power not energy here ? 
  otherwise this would 've been a great bitchslap :d, 
  mislim da je fundamentalni problem tzv diaspora u bih . 
  have n't they ? 
  i know the cartoons appeared on the market in my country swiftly after the events . 
  well , not quite , marriage as an institution predates christianity irrespective of whether they 'd think their definition is the god sanctioned one . 
  a secular state is a sufficient presumption for the argument to work , one need n't argue anything about the existence of their god here . 
  how is this about free speech at all ? 
  if that 's all going into the case , surely the free speech of the shop owner includes him not having to put messiges he does n't want to on his or her cakes ? 
  rather what seems to be invoked here by these religious fucks is antidiscrimination bills . 
  there , a protected group can not be discriminated against on the market , refused service and the like . 
  its usually things like age , disability , gender , sexual orientation and gender identity , race , religion , ethnicity . 
  whatever you may think of such laws ( and they do make a tangible difference in the ease of life of targeted groups esp in very hostile areas ) , something like that is on the books and invoked in this case apparently . 
  now , being bigoted is not a protected group for the purposes of antidiscrimination laws . 
  these seem to be claiming they 're discriminated against due to their religiosity by having services refused to them in this manner . 
  yet they are specifically refused for the bigoted message they wanted on the cake , not for their religion . 
  surely the reasonable ruling is that being bigoted is not in fact so protected by antidiscrimination bills , and that in such case the private shop owner can refuse his or her services if he or she wants . 
  consider the opposite . 
  so bigots might harras black shopowners by insisting on them creating products with say kkk or nazi insignia on the cakes , and threatening to sue for discrimination if refused !, 
  sure ; there would not be anything to this case if that were how the law was . 
  but it was n't .
