  how would tm practice and its effects functionally differ from various samatha practices in buddhism ? 
  is n't it just mantra concentration ? 
  for all its long-windedness , it does n't even touch the relevant questions . 
  which is , to restate in a final attempt at clarity , to pinpoint the exact difference in the practice of tm , and any of the numerous mantra concentration practices present in various buddhist lineages . 
  or for that matter , why would the object be of any relevance ; concentrative meditations exist in quite a few other forms too ( eg breath , posture , visual objects etc. ) . . 
  your sources and presentation as far as i can see simply presume buddhist mediation is mindfulness which is completely false , reducing buddhism basically to an 18ct burmese presentation . 
  and effects are n't all the same across the exact practice engaged in ; a visualisation-concentration exercise will have quite different efects ( in terms of distinguishable eeg activity at least ) from a kasina concentration exercise , from a dzogchen/mahamudra `` contemplation '' from classical vipassana etc etc. 
  and i do n't really care what either of those theologies blathers about the self or self or non-self ... not that its at all correct to say mere mindfulness is supposed to create a realisation of anatta in any buddhist school ... 
   ranslation of the term `` dhyana '' ( jhana in some languages ) as `` concentration . '', 
  however , the roots of the word in sanskrit are dhi ( mind ) and yana ( movement or journey, 
  that 's ridiculous ; the translations would usually be `` absorptions '' or perhaps contemplation etc. 
  any idea why she 'd land in pula to get to dubrovnik ? 
  that 's almost as far as two points on the map can possibly get , while still both being in croatia . 
  so many posts apparently expecting a book these days ; why , did something happen to hint it 's supposed to be done soonish ? 
  he did n't say anything at all about when the book will be finished . 
  how could he ; he apparently has no clue about that . 
  statement 's rather clear : `` i am not ** taking on ** any new cons untill i finish winds '' . 
  that 's about the present , not about the future . 
  i do n't get it ; says there :, 
   i am going back to my stance from last march , before all this . 
  it will be done when it 's, 
  done . 
  and it will be as good as i can possibly make it . 
  he probably means that negative answer he gave in comments to an invitation to a con next summer . 
  but that does n't necessarily imply what he thinks it does . 
  not really ; just enough quality playtime to justify a modest investment + the investment getting to actually being modest , as opposed to the ridiculous current pricing . 
  i can dream of having thousands of dollars necessary for a vr rig ; its just not gon na happen . 
  and its not about aaa titles ; graphics is n't much at all a factor to me ; hell my favorite genre is interactive fiction ( ie text adventures ) . 
  there 's just currently barely any games that i 'd like to play and that have vr support . 
  i 'd take any narrative heavy , single-player genres . 
  obduction would be one title ( though that 's in the puzzler subgenre i 'm not terribly excited about , like the gallery ) ; but it 'll take a wider diet of various titles even for a modest investment to make sense . 
  maaaybe if one squints hards enough , fallout can seem `` narrative '' . 
  its not about aaa budgets , but about pricing , game diversity , and produced playtime , none of those are even close to sufficient now . 
  ~ ~ its so funny to see privileged kids like yourself give out monetary advice like that !, 
  `` do n't spend 300 $ on a weekend out and you 'll save for a vr set ! '', 
  what a laugh !, 
  about as ingenous as `` let them eat cake '' ! ~ ~, 
  sry , unnecessarily inflammatory response . 
  presumption of the post re other ppl 's finances just angered me . 
   it 's an excellent film with a rather weak third act . 
  that takes nothing away from it , in my opinion . 
  i can agree with the former , but seems to be that by definiton does take away from its quality ; a fair portion of it is as you say `` rather weak '' . 
  i do n't see what the actor has to do with it ; the problem is the writing . 
  that was my attempt at a charitable interpretation . 
  shit , how can you then not see that the luxuries you had to cut to make room in your budget for vr are - well , really luxuries many could n't afford in the first place anyhow ? 
  i mean really , eating out and expensive weekends out ?? 
  well , point is that ppl live day-to-day even after rather stringent financial discipline . 
  eating out , vacations , expensive weekends out already imply having a rather high disposable income , to even be able to funnel that much cash in that direction so painlessly . 
  your financial advice is like suggesting that if you cut down on caviar in the mornings and drink less expensive wines , you 'll easily afford a jacht ; utterly unaware of how people actually live . 
  hence i presumed a privileged + inexperienced background . 
  agreed with the former ; he certainly can not think its outright impossible ( but who among us would think it impossible anyhow ? ) . 
  i do n't agree at all that that 's `` close '' , or really in either way indicative of when he thinks he 'll be done , or when he 'll actually be done . 
  given his history of misjudging his progress , and also of having to clear his schedule in the past , he 'd be prudent to never again consider it as done untill its actually really done , and so not take any extra engagement untill it really actually is . 
  and he surely had rejected other offers for various dates before , on the basis of `` not untill its actually done '' that suddenly reversing this policy would simply be unfair . 
  i 'd love to dig up his post when he first announced `` no more cons '' a few years back ; but i believe his promise was - no extra cons untill its actually done . 
  and that 's exactly how he phrased it here too ; he wo n't take on any new engagements untill twow is done . 
  we 'd have to believe he can judge when it 'll be done far more preciesly than he 's demonstrated in the past to think he 's in a position , many months in advance , to say if it 'll be done early 2017 or late 2017 or some other year entirely to interpret this as indicating some realistic date . 
  you have to be right , but i just do n't get it . 
  i mean , imagine it ; you 've been at it for a few years , you wake up , 600 manuscript pages on your desk , and you think to yourself , `` sure , i 'll probably write the next 900 in the next 3 months '' ? 
  its not that uncommon . 
  ever heard of the `` sonic hedgehog '' protein ? 
  it must be fun explaining to people whose child suffers from severe brain , skull and face defects , possibly deadly , that they have a mutation in their sonic hedgehog ... 
  makes no difference if its a con in 2030 , if he 's not taking on any new obligations untill the book is actually finished . 
  the only alternative is for him to estimate when he 'll likely be done and take only those obligations that are safely sufficiently beyond that date . 
  beyond that being a soft announcement of a deadline , both we and him have enough of bad experiences with the reliability of his predictions of that kind . 
  he just does n't know , and wo n't presume its gon na be done untill its actually really totally done . 
  a perfectly sensible policy no matter what he may currently believe about the pace of his progress . 
  transparent and fair to others too , if he refused engagements previously on such grounds ( and we know he did , when he cleared his schedule few years back ) . 
  ah , errors are not that much of a problem really . 
  punctuation and paragraphs do make quite a difference in legibility though . 
  its precisely the opposite of uptightness -- its simply laziness ; in that if something is n't easy to read , most people just wo n't . 
  i 'm wondering if it may become the majority of traditional pc usage in the future , if lighter tablet-y/chromebooky devices end up covering regular daily usage for most people and most applications . 
  then a pc is relegated to the high end of the market , used by professionals to sit down and produce stuff , like the old workstations . 
  a laptop is a specialized tool then , when you need substantial horsepower , screensize on the move . 
  did n't he use it at some point ? 
  and flee around the kde4 migration mess ? 
  sounds damn fast for p300 to me . 
  videos i 've seen take like 15seconds per letter for a human . 
  anectodally , sounds dubious ; fish , pasta and olive oil - plus legumes , leafy vegetables etc - pretty much does describe how my mediterranean grandparents , and according to them grandgrandparents cook ( ed ) . 
  eh , not like keeping humans armed did much to prevent civilian abuse . 
  we just enjoy sadism and domination too much to pass on an opportunity for some war crimes fun , if one 's to judge from recent engagements . 
  at least the machine wo n't do some hobby carving of civilians if there 's no military point or policy of doing so . 
  well it seems likely a linux user would be quite honestly convinced in some rather specific advantages of their choice too ; at the very least its the rationalisation they 've given themselves . 
  seems troubling you 'd just presume they 're crafting some pretentious story just because they actually genuinely believe in the crrectness ( or at least viability ) of their technology choices . 
  that 's kinda my sentiment about it as well . 
  i really missed having a laptop in college , as i 'd travel home and often change living arrangements . 
  lugging a desktop as bus cargo was exhausting and difficult . 
  though it was just a few times a year , so not too big a deal . 
  so that 's a usecase . 
  now though , i do n't really think i need one anyhow ; i create at my desk and do n't really travel . 
  would be cool to replace that traditional box for something miniitx and a small form factor case . 
  re laptop , got a 15 + year old one for free recently , put some lightweight linux on it , and now we sleep together . 
  that would be a dual-booting chromebook prob if i had to buy something now . 
  my mum 's arrangement is a tablet , a mobile and laptop . . she 's kinda my metric for what non-geeks do with tech lately . 
  she had a netbook when those were briefly a thing , and was very happy with it , pined for such a device ever since . 
  but i think lately she 's gotten very attached to the tablet , its her primary device . 
  mobile 's just a phone for her . 
  laptop was a funny choice for it 'll never leave the room . 
  but she wants to easily move it from the table to a coffe table , so guess that 's a usecase too . 
  only used for office stuff prob not even on a monthly basis ( she 's a math teacher , so for occasional new powerpoint as well as some paperwork , and fos typesetting new exams ) . .
