  well it was n't about conformity to tropes at all ( well apart for a brief mockery of the dragon with three heads happy end ) , but about strength of characterisation and relationship . 
  that the abusive relationship with tywin that marked so much of the book 's story arc is of more impact if this truly is a father - son relationship , and where tywin is outraged at least in part by what he sees of himself reflected in tyrion -- than just as a story of a barely tolerated bastard . 
  still an aesthetic judgement , sure , but of a different kind than merely asserting something like - `` but surely grrm would n't be that predictable ; he 's ( supposedly ) famous for ( randomly ) underming genre expectations ? 
  no i have n't , but will quite soon . 
  i hope they do at least 8 . 
  that would leave a season per remaining book , which should really be minimum . 
  far too much cutting as it is . 
  plus a little bit more of a fightling chance for grrm . 
  provided he publishes his next book really really soon . 
  but , they 're still close enough that the show will certainly give major spoilers to the book . 
  now , some do n't particularly care about spoilers at all ... 
  i 'm on the opposite spectrum here . 
  the show has frankly lost my interest for the most part . 
  usually i react to a new episode with boredom and/or irritation . 
  just watched the last episodes , after simply losing interest mid-season while it aired . 
  felt like i 'll need washing my eyes out , i think a bit of the goddamned fireballs got stuck in it ... : /, 
  i 'll give it a pass if the books seem to be forthcomming , or will watch with delay if unlikely to avoid spoilers long enough - better to get spoiled by some show than by accidental comments . 
  edit : well you freely can downvote a negative opinion of the show if you like . 
  but what can i do ; pretend otherwise ? 
  - things like that last scene was truly terrible in its sillyness , and sadly is not the only important thing they botched just in this season . 
  so unless i 'm gon na get spoiled anyhow , i 'll wait for the books for the rest of the story from now on . 
  yeah , unless the books are reasonably expected soon after the show , you 're going to get spoiled anyhow eventually . 
  better to get so while enjoying a show than risking it happening by some random comments while waiting . 
  this is the more important point imho !, 
  he admitted nothing , ceded nothing - its just that evolution and big bang have n't been a catholic battleground for quite a while . 
  no offense , but if you even believe he was `` catching up '' with 8th grade science with these media announcements , then you 're horribly ignorant about catholicism . 
  this is even sillier than that - for he admitted nothing new , he just reiterated what the catholic dogma accepted , fairly prominently , since vatican ii , in the 60s !, 
  since then , evolution and big bang simply are n't a fightning ground for the catholics . 
  if asked no doubt john paul or benedict would 've said the same , as whould ( should ? ), 
  every bishop on the planet . 
  amazingly , despite this , spin made positive pr from the reiteration . 
  cheers !, 
  i 'd rather read it in the book , even if it takes some decades more to happen . 
  now if you mean , a cut-and-dry description of everything is published and floating around , forums know about it etc , then i 'd read it , since reading that will still be a better experience than finding out by accident in comments . 
  well i think/hope twow at least is close to being published , given some leeway on what `` close '' can mean . 
  so i 'd def try waiting and reading at least that before proceeding . 
  small folk in this world are mainly loyal to their bellies , and care little for the games of power high lords play . 
  it makes no difference how good their view on the lord 's castle is . 
  tactically , eyrie having the higher ground , is probably in a good position to defend from either attackers or rebels at the bloody gates . 
  hah , what an amazing story !, 
  i need to get myself some turtle pets . 
  indeed . 
  pa to bi bilo normalo da . 
  al ne kuzim kako . 
  iako sam malo on the fence oko njegove cudotvornosti ; cini mi se prehypean . 
  dalje je ... hm upitan , al cak i takav valjda ljudi imaju pravo i takvu odluku o svojem zdravlju donositi ... http://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/medical-marijuana-as-the-new-herbalism-part-1-the-politics-of-weed-versus-science/, 
  matter of taste i presume . 
  i found his last books to also be his best writing , by a significant margin . 
  which is why i ca n't wait to see twow . . 
  well aparently he really really wanted to spend his time the way he did , as opposed to doing more of twow - this thing as far as i can gather from interviews was supposed to be predominantly elio 's thing - grrm was supposed to just send back some sidebars and clarifications . 
  then they got his huge wall of text as a response instead . 
  well , i 'd prefer he write what i 'm so eager to read , and its not woaif for sure , but damn , its his call ( sadly ? 
   then everyone would know who was n't going to make it . 
  everyone bend on teasing out indirect hints like this . 
  which is n't the vast majority of their money-making audience . 
  i think they 'll be fine with spoiling things to rabid fans , who 'll prob watch anyhow or are a small demographic anyhow , if that saves money on an actual gaping budgetary beast , which is wages . 
  if the other poster is right , in that these actors were signed for 6 seasons at lower wages already , and this gives them significant rises in the following two seasons too , it was pure loss for hbo to sign this if they die . 
  which is not something hbo would do just to be nice to a few fans , so they do n't . 
  especially if they can spin plausible deniability even while being so transparent , noting this does n't absolutely guarantee any of them surviving . 
  yup , its a spoiler . 
  why would they care ? 
  how much of their money comes from fans that dissect their business decisions out to this extent to come up with theories ? 
  marginal and insignificant , in comparison to very real money they 'll be bleeding otherwise . 
  now what would a company care about more ? 
  hurt feelings of a tiny group of really motivated rabid fans , most of who 'll prob watch anyhow even if they mattered , or their bottom line ? 
  i think you make a very strong argument , ca n't see a hole in it as it stands . 
  spoilers do n't matter to them at all , especially while they can claim plausible deniability with a sentence like that above . 
  but if these actors would 've been cheaper for the seasons they 've already signed them up for - 2 more - than now , clearly this is a terrible business decision unless they live up to s7 as well . 
  stakeholders would have a right to be pissed if it were only about not spoiling things to a few dedicated fans as bright and as comitted to figure this out . 
  i guess re spoilers it does n't do too much for where we 've left off . 
  cercei and jamie live , apparently . 
  i was n't sure about jamie , but i 'm actually a bit surprised about cercei . 
  thought she 'll die fairly soon , given the state her reign is in now , regardless of whether she survives the trial or not . 
  yeah , well i really enjoyed all the plotting , and worldbuilding . 
  kl , meereen , winterfell , wall and dorne . 
  all about trying to rule and failing for different reasons . 
  or actually succeeding more or less but at personal cost one can not accept deep down ( danny ) . 
  or trying to save everyone ( hardhome expedition 2 ) just to lose everything you built in the end ( john imho ) . 
  theon and the winterfell situation , opressive siege mentality full of conspiracy and intrigue probably took me in the most . 
  and the pov is so wonderfully broken and insane . 
  dustins , ryswells , hornwood , tallhart , umber , manderly , bolton , frey , cerwyn , locke , flynt - where do each of them stand , what are their plans etc. 
  meereen was a close second , where achieving peace and stability required compromise after compromise untill dany is so miserable with herself , bound in a loveless marriage with prob my favorate character in that arc - hizdahr zo loraq - progressive reformer , uncanningly frank , politically quite capable etc - but all she can think of there are her hormones instead , and tell us from her pov how miserable these brown folk she rules are , sigh . 
  in a kind of parallel/inversion to what we see with cercei in kl . 
  yet i think it probably worked exactly as planned . 
  and conspiratorial machinations of the shavepate in the background , prob fooling barristan etc. 
  and all this ends with more questions than answers : who poisoned the locusts ? 
  who wrote the pink letter ? 
  who was the hooded man ? 
  is there a ghost in winterfell ? 
  and with 3 great clashes set to open the next book , winterfell , meereen , chaos at the wall/how does john survive , and idk maybe we see the mess in hardhome . 
  first trilogy was fun , full of fascinating twists , great dialoge and characterisation , but felt far more straightforward and plain in comparison . 
  i gather they still claim it had nothing to do with turing or gayness . 
  `` he has been brainwashed '' , hah , you 're the one to talk ... and all caps `` preaching '' , how apt . 
  its lovely western buddhism is emphasizing such aspects of buddhist canon - and as you may expect , a complex heterogenous canon of buddhism would have opposing pronouncements on most topics , so includes prominently in kalama sutta a fairly freethinking stream . 
  however , especially devotion to buddha is fairly uncritical - as opposed to a western buddhist book , let 's get back to the canon here :, 
   `` the ariyan [ noble ] disciple is of faith ; he has faith in the awakening of the tathagata [ buddha ] , and thinks : he is indeed lord , perfected one , fully self-awakened one , endowed with right knowledge and conduct , well-farer , knower of the world ( s ) , matchless charioteer of men to be tamed , teacher of devas [ gods ] and men , the awakened one , the lord . '', 
  the ideal is indeed that the truths of buddhism are realisable by direct meditative experience for yourself , but given how these inevitably lead to fairly fixed dogmatic positions and enumerated `` realisations '' of buddhist theology , including possibly things like memories from before the birth of `` your '' body , you can imagine some major cheating/self-deception is going on there . 
  its common headline-writing style , yes , but is the second one really grammatically correct - in either language ; is n't it missing a predicate ? 
  let 's stick to english - `` starting now - best deals every week '' is n't really a sentence , no ? 
  '' . . we have best deals ... '' or '' ... there are best deals ... '' etc if we want to be pedantic , right ?
