  i write a lot of details on the matter because the concept has interested me , so i had some thoughts on it , that 's all . 
  but , i 'm afraid we 're largely lost in various miscommunications here . 
  coarse eeg for readout , and tms as `` writeout '' . 
  this approach seems fundamentally coarse-grained to me . 
  i mean the guy is thinking `` moving my hand , moving my hand , moving my feet , moving my feet , moving my feet , moving my hand '' to spell out the message in binary . 
  and then tms induces flashes of light in the visual cortex of the other guy . 
  actually its even slightly worse than that , he 's looking at a ball on a screen , and thinking `` moving my hand , moving my hand , moving my hand '' , and the ball should go towards one end , and when it passes a threshold , they send 1 . 
  then reset and try to push the next bit ... and does n't even get it right every time , after all that effort - though it says its well over 90 % . 
  and w eeg , they ca n't hope for something much more intuitive than that ... 
  unless the sender is severely handicapped and ca n't even control his or her gaze , it would be miles more efficient and less tiresome to use say eye tracking instead . 
  he 's got ta look at the screen anyhow , and this takes some intense concentration to do . 
  other composers were mentioned , but i 'd like to mention how much mahler is used . 
  it is truly a remarkable work , with a slow and ponderous pace , truly heroically dimensioned leads , and with long reflections on the nature of political systems and historical development of mankind . 
  i 'm still heavily influenced by its style of political contemplation ( if not in substance to a great extent ) . 
  uuhm there was some miscommunication here - for that 's exactly what the poster above said - ie that sure , noone claims ghost its utopian , but that does n't make it dystopian either , as the poster that was responding to claimed . 
  furthermore , though this is a bit nitpicky ( sorry :p ) , technically a post-disaster world would be called postapocalyptic , which is usually but in principle need n't be dystopian . 
  but more importantly , plenty of dystopias are n't post-disaster worlds . 
  classic examples of a dystopia in literature are things like orwell 's 1984 , zamyatin 's we , or ellison 's i have no mouth and i must scream ( the last of which only is also postapocalyptic ), 
  in premise , tokyo magnitude 8.0 is disaster , yes . 
  but in execution is was mostly drama , no ? 
  it was well executed and i took it up precisely so as to watch a disaster scenario - but ended up dropping it because its focus was so much on - how to put this - making juvenile leads cry for all kinds of mostly psychological reasons . 
  varying the cry-inducing stimuli from episode to episode , but basically boiling down to a lot of screen-time crying . 
  which is - drama , right ? 
  a historical sidenote : originally , the term utopia itself was supposed to convey an ambiguity - moore coined it from greek for no-place ( ou-topia ) . 
  so any detailed exploration of different societal structures or conditions that do n't exist in actuality could be termed just utopia . 
  but this usage is lost , for its close to another greek ( - derived ) word , eu-topia , a good place . 
  or maybe it was ambiguous on which of those it means from the start . 
  so very strictly speaking , and in a way nobody does , eutopia should be the term for a perfect place/society . 
  anyhow , dystopian would just be the negation of that word , so it can legitimately mean anything opposite to a true eutopia , be it so that it 's a facade , admittedly a common trope , be it that it does n't even seem like a good place . 
  like the humanity-hating machine intelligence keeping the lead characters alive just so it can continue to torture them in ellison 's postapocalyptic dystopia of i have no mouth and i must scream , that i mentioned above . 
  slice from the start :, 
   hate . 
  let me tell you how much i 've come to hate you since i began to live . 
  there are 387.44 million miles of printed circuits in wafer thin layers that fill my complex . 
  if the word ` hate ' was engraved on each nanoangstrom of those hundreds of miles it would not equal one one-billionth of the hate i feel for humans at this micro-instant . 
  for you . 
  hate . 
  hate . 
  its actually a perfectly rational tactic in any range voting system . 
  your vote influences the overall ranking . 
  but with range voting the amount of influence is n't constant , but depends on how you vote . 
  so , say you want to maximize your effect on the outcome by using your single vote . 
  do you think a rating should be higher ? 
  you 'll have highest influence in that direction if you give it a 10 . 
  opposite logic for voting 1 . 
  your effect is always greatest in range voting if you reduce it to approval voting like that . 
  further optimization would be , say you have an interest in how some show does . 
  you should vote 1 for everything else , and 10 for that show . 
  or that company 's shows . 
  your effect in approval voting is maximized by treating it like first past the post . 
  reason i otoh strive for a good spread in my votes is just for individual benefit - i can link my list to anyone as my recommendation list , as a sample of my tastes etc. 
  oh yeah , i 'm soooo torn myself . 
  its one of my all time fav , but its only been a couple of months , so its fairly fresh in my memory , and my list is so long , how can i start re-watching shows i remember well already ? 
  should n't i for eg watch berserk for the first time instead ? 
  oh yes , that one introduced me to his work . 
  loved the premise as well as the execution . 
  kinda started wavering about watching it further just a few of episodes in , but loved it nevertheless . 
  must get back to it asap . 
   supposedly imdb does n't work like that , they have an algorithm and they use a weighted average . 
  right , heard about that , though did n't check the specifics . 
  but it may very well be analogously vulnerable , for as long as there is any differing weights given to individual votes , you can prob manipulate the results . 
  re nudging a show up or down , yeah agreed its unfortunate . 
  though i 'm fairly heartless about it , except i do try to calibrate my average judgement by what the site seems to think this should mean . 
  so that i do n't either contribute to ratings inflation , nor damage good shows just by being stricter on average . 
  so i try to keep score deviation on the completed list close to 0 overall . 
  and within that envelope , maintain somewhat even spread among the different ratings ( 10,9,8,7 mostly ), 
  huh , but your completed score deviation is just -0.27 ? 
  that 's pretty low ? 
  how would increasing it make the list necessarily better ? 
  i absolutely have to re-watch it soon ; it 's been ages since i 've seen it , and i remembered it as so incredible at the time . 
  but forgot most about it by now . 
   in creasing it allows more room for rating stuff . 
  well , in practice prob , fair point . 
  though as i said , i worry i 'd be systematically too strict or too lax if even in aggregate i had a huge deviation . 
  i go deeply in the red w shows i did n't like enough even to finish . 
  and , its 0.06 , not 0.6 :d, 
  i 'm watching it right now , and am inclined to agree its a masterpiece , though i should let impressions settle really . 
  but the art is really striking . 
  i ca n't pinpoint it really . 
  but both it , the crazy biomorphic shapes/creatures , and just the feel of the future it describes ( hyper-rich that do whatever they want with the existence of the poor ; the harrowing transcendence of what we consider personal like one 's body and memories etc ) remind me , perhaps of works by moebius . 
  eg perhaps some of the art - like the lead and various biomorphs , are like a low-fi version of his masters of time ( trailer - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkbdeb6dmxi ) . 
  and perhaps the social structure is a bit incal-like . 
  is there any connection or influence ? 
  or generically that of french animation ? 
  edit : well , ep 5 and the art style just got a whole lot weirder !, 
  style seems so unique , but it has to have some influences and similarities with what came before . 
   then you missed an interesting ending . 
  could be , but i really could n't take it anymore . 
  happens . 
   i do n't think that drama and disaster exclude one another , what in your opinion should be disaster scenario anime ? 
  sure , its not exclusive . 
  just felt that drama by far dominated , beyond maybe first 2 episodes , so that its better categorized as such . 
  i 've not yet seen a disaster scenario anime to recommend instead - but i am just unfamiliar with the genre so that ca n't mean much . 
  wanting to see one was why i tried tokyo magnitude 8.0 . 
  and damn it , though it was well made for what the authors wanted , that just was n't really it . 
  you should prob put shinsekai yori fairly high on that list - the core topic after all is revolutionary struggle for equality . 
  and how radically morally different some actions can seem depending on your ( dis ) privilege . . 
  quite true . 
  pretty much why it resonated so well with me , for i 'd have ditched it if it became about the game too much , which is apparently what some reviewers desired . . 
  it is about the question game posed - what is the good of a society ( or conversely , what are its core problems ) , and who should get to decide on the matter .
