  i think this is simply evident , given even a cursory glance on the products created in either model . 
  market here simply seems the wrong kind of game for the state to construct in order for a society to reach a decision on allocating these resources . 
  to the extent a market here functions thanks to monopoly grants , it is only such a constructed game . 
  and this for sure does depend on the political opinion and will to grant value and funding to the arts . 
  and so on my own as well . 
  i 'm speaking at least of how it works in my corner of europe , and as far as i can see by collaborations with various writers , theater troupes and movie festivals , around the continent as well . 
  on the other hand , there is an entertainment industry , where there is generally little artistic ambition , but significant room for profit . 
  i do n't see what public interest is served by granting the latter some extra monopoly rights , they should rather succeed or fail as commercial entities on the free market . 
  and in the case of the former , this seems better covered by other existing instruments . 
   you have a very distorted idea of how much creative works are produced and consumed from private enterprise vs state sponserships . 
  indeed , but the poster above was specifically speaking about the benefits to the arts ( i value ... the arts more than my own privacy . ), 
  surely this is n't a quantitative matter . 
   without those protections artisists are fully dependant on state subsidies or private donations , or conspurcating their art with sponsored advertisements ), 
  ... to the extent they cant make a living on the market as is , yes -- and this is undesirable ? 
  note that copyright infringement is an everyday fact in any creative industry anyhow , yet they commercially thrive . 
  seems an unnecessary law then , and since it is broken by such large masses of people , highly repressive . 
   you need proerty rights to have a free market , copyrights is a property right on products of creative labor . 
  a kind of time-limited property over the intangibles of , essentially , information . 
  as opposed to actual property of actual artifacts . 
  the latter seems an effective law in promoting optimizing the use of scarce resources , the former seems a highly wasteful approach to allocating intangibles . 
  one of course still has the free market of cultural artifacts regardless of copyright monopolies , so i used it in that sense . 
   how is this not saying that the result of creative labor that produces `` commercial kitch '' deserve no protection ? 
  i was simply being facetious when mentioning kitch , but i do repeat the basic point near the end - that no additional protections are needed for as you say creative labor in what are highly profitable industries anyhow , serving the forces of profits , rather than being sensibly justifiable as creating some additional public good . 
   people who make cars can determine who and how others can get those cars , i fail to see how people who even make sequences of ones and zero should n't be given the same in like and kind, 
  people who make cars ca n't determine what one can do with a car one bought . 
  if i want to allow my friend to drive a car , i am free to do so . 
  not under copyright given that in current technology sharing a work will involve copying it , or it will be pointless for it not to . 
  if i want to copy a car , i 'm welcome to reverse engineer it . 
  if i want to copy a disk , copyrights prevent me from doing so . 
  we 're not talking about an equivalent regime at all , but of fairly harsh and invasive additional limitations to the freedom of consumer in the interest of the producer . 
   it 's not that individual ones and zeros are being stolen , it 's how they were sequenced that matters ;, 
  it 's not the individual nuts and bolts of a car that would be replicated either ; here too , its how they 're arranged into a car that matters . 
   entertainment is a luxury : no one is entitled to it for free . 
  entertainment is a product , and anyone is perfectly free to sell it . 
  anyhow , we were discussing the benefits or lack thereof of copyrights to the arts , rather than to the commercial interests of the entertainment producers , so an argument about these having a fundamental right to such protection regardless is besides the point . 
  i do n't really think so , since any such right , just as with property rights , could only stem from an argument of the social utility of granting it , since the power to do so or not ultimately resides in the political sphere . 
   why are the people who put out light entertainment not due a return of invested labor ? 
  imho , nobody is really due a return in invested labor , and least of all one gets it as a matter of course in the arts , under market allocation and copyrights . 
  its rather a matter of whether they 're able to obtain one , offering what people are willing to pay . 
  a celebrated creation of art can just as easily be a complete market failure , as it can be a runaway success . 
  if anything , the former seems more likely . 
  and no wonder , that one would allocate monetary rewards more efficiently guided by the opinions of a connoisseur elite , than by the choices too biased towards the lowest denominator . 
   copyright functions as a form of protection . 
  where else did this argument start ? 
  the topic is whether this is a desirable form of protection , not merely what function it serves . 
   if i were to take your entire genetic structure and clone you , rapidly grow said clone plus copy all of your memories into said clone so it knows and feels all that you do , then how is the clone any different from you ? 
  ah , look , an unrelated philosophical conundrum , teleporter thought experiment ( 1984 , derek parfit ) : / kidding , but the point is that the question of personal identity this kind of setup raises is controversial enough ( and i do n't see a reason to stand on either side of that discussion right now , given how far a sidetrack it would be ) that you really do n't need it to make an obvious point about form vs matter ( commented above ), 
   if so where would they get payed ? 
  donations ? 
  state sponsorship ? 
  yup , that , and normal sales to the extent they 're able . 
  ideally a bandwith tax distributed via guilds , eg like royalties are for music played in cafes and similar . 
  or whatever - i was really mainly pointing that copyright is both an overly repressive and impoverishing regime , in an area so vital to our human capacities , as well as a fairly inefficient allocator of reward to the artists , whilst we know of better ways ( ie state subsidies ) , than specifying how exactly the finances for such a system should be obtained on a larger scale . 
  and that cultural production of many countries at least is already much more state dependent . 
  but this system of a bandwith tax lways seemed a sensible approach to me . 
  i 'd be ok with a monopoly on commerical exploitation for say a decade , like some copyright reforms suggest , provided it allows for noncommercial sharing and derivative works , again if necessary . 
  but i 'd rather see a system closer to what already works better . 
  and most definitely the actual author should have a share in any profits made from his work . 
  this need not enable creation of any exclusive deals on who can distribute the work though . 
  edit : consider , people already care highly both of authenticity and support for people that leave a trace on their lives with their art . 
  ( or even in smaller things - reminds me of chinese clones of various designs of e-cigarette mods , though there is a difference in the manufacturing quality there , few would argue one justified by the price difference . 
  yet business typically could n't be better to the manufacturers of the `` authentic '' ones ) and a for-pay system can easily offer more and better service than volunteers online . 
  even traditional methods like cd/dvd shops and bookshops can easily give offers appealing to the buyer even though one might look for it online , maybe even find it . 
  its pretty much how i shop ; if i wo n't ultimately eat , drink or smoke/vape some money , i 'll probably browse in search for an interesting find in just such a place , often irrespective of its availability otherwise , but just as much guided by often finding things i either did n't find or did n't think to look for - and find plenty of such deals !, 
  yet current practical situation with copyrights against at least noncommercial filesharing , the most odious copyright prohibition , is that its basically unenforceable , and apart from lightning-strike chance of random `` justice '' , unenforced . 
   if no copyright laws were existent people would n't pay to watch a movie , they 'd just download it ,, 
  uh , well they do . 
  people now have a unique opportunity to disseminate information and art , and acculturate themselves in ways previous generations could n't have dreamed of . 
  regardless of their budget limitations , or various legal restrictions , or limitations to having some content even distributed in their parts of the world.this is a wealth we as a species have obtained thanks to the digital revolution , and it is just self-destructive madness to seek to limit it , if one concedes the importance of the arts in and of themselves , and not merely as sources commerce . 
   yes , thanks to the swaths of people that do respect copyrights and pay for them . 
  yet it turns out that its the same swaths of people that most frequently break copyrights ? 
   do you honestiltly believe taht without copyright protection the artists that currently still thrive would coninue to thrive and earn as much as they do now ? 
  earn as much ? 
  not necessarily . 
  what gives you the impression maximizing monetary gain is a dominant motivation for best artistic creations anyhow ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  i use xmonad because i fool around in haskell . 
  otherwise , ghc dependency for compiling the config would be unacceptable to me for a lightweight wm , but since i have it anyhow , does n't bother me . 
  and it is awesomely configurable , and fairly simple . 
  no -- actually the latest presented prototype , `` crystal cove '' is a 1080p oled screen, 
  rofl , you read they 're advocating a global monetary union ? 
  how on earth could you fail so hard at reading comprehension of the article ? 
  the topic is a reserve currency based on a basket of currencies , as opposed mainly using just dollars for it . 
  like imfs sdrs , or the old ecu . 
  i do n't understand it in sufficient clarity to present it well , but , neutrinos are very light , and move at speeds close to the speed of light . 
  yet the differences in density in the early universe , observable in the microwave background , are really tiny . 
  insufficient in fact to gravitationally capture such fast particles on a small scale . 
  cosmologically small , like the size of a galaxy , as opposed to the scale of a supercluster . 
  so they move around a big area , and their gravitational pull back and forth smears out and so supresses the clumping of matter on a galaxy scale . 
  apparently they 've measured the discrepancy between what would follow from the density perturpations imprinted in the microwave background presuming massless neutrinos , with the large scale structure surveys using gravitational lensing , and how much structure actually formed and this gives a way to measure the mass of the neutrinos . 
  there 's a great qoute , some famous mathematician proudly declaring that there 's no way his work will ever be of any use for anything remotely applicable , but after much googling and even reading random quotes , i ca n't dig it up , sry . 
  yes , that 's the one - thank you very much !, 
  you seem to answer your own question :, 
   you 'd need 2 dual-gpu cards, 
  so , that 's how one would power it now . 
  and , so for that to shrink to a normal single gpu card it would take two doublings - maybe some 4 years wait . . 
  so , where does your argument touch on the first amendment ? 
  you seem to give scenarios where the government might be incentivized to break it if churches were taxed , not what you promised - that taxation in itself would be breaking it . 
   if we are to tax churches , are we then going to tax other 501c nonprofit organizations ? 
  that 's the crux of it right there ; churches should be treated finantially exactly like any other nonprofit , otherwise the state is already engaging in a severe privileging of religious over nonreligious organizations .
