  the only new rule is self.post images . 
  specifically , anything other that would n't have been moderated against before , wo n't be now, 
  edit oh , an example just popped up in new , http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/1fz9g5/imam_tells_gay_muslims_he_should_be_killed/, 
  i like `` oh gods '' - keeps the ~ ~ sentiment ~ ~ metaphor while defusing any connotations i might mean it literally, 
  yeah , and clearly not incorrect by the rules . 
  uploading is much less practical i 'd imagine though . 
  could 've left out the conspiracy theory . 
  could n't we atheists just be disagreeing here ? 
  hah , what you link seems a poe to me . 
  or more that that , it 's pretty blatant imho . 
  sarcasm looks like its bleeding from his sentences like the thread was the red wedding . 
  i 'll browse for other examples though . 
  nevermind , a joke , reference to a very bloody scene in the tv series game of thrones . 
  and `` a poe '' is a reference to poe 's law , the idea that '' it is difficult or impossible to tell the difference between an expression of sincere extremism and a parody of extremism '', 
  i meant that the thread you linked shows that guy making fun of the suggestion his position on the changes implies he might be a theist by using sarcasm , in huge , obvious quantities . 
  not sure why that makes him suspect of actually being a theist rather than just him finding the q ridiculous . 
  you 're not being sarcastic , are you ? 
  while being a child is certainly not a democratic process , laws , including general human rights and specific rights of the child and well just customs certainly limit what is appropriate parenting and what is n't . 
  and psychology could have a thing or two to say what 's a good parenting or at least what definitely is n't . 
  if there is no circumstance under which this kid can question his father as you claim , then when the father ask the kid to undress so he can fuck him in the ass , to take an extreme example , there would still not be any right for the kid to question his father . 
  if you 'll grant at least that much , then its just a matter of what one might think an appropriate balance of rights of the child with the rights of a parent over the child might be . 
  i see no legitimate reason why trampling over a young person 's freedom of religion would need fall on the privilege of the parent side . 
  since its so fundamental a human right , and as stated indeed applicable to children . 
  there 's nothing more intimate than someone 's worldview , and to forcefeed propaganda about your own on your children , even when these are mature enough to actually voice a contrary opinion , its utterly disgusting . 
  anyhow regardless of where you fall there , i do n't understand what you may think ill in principle about a child standing his or her ground when parents demand otherwise . 
  he or she may lose the fight , they usually do given the balance of power , but seem perfectly natural to flex those boundaries . 
  if for no other reason , lest they be stuck in a domineering relationship for too long into adulthood . 
  certainly such a tug of war looks typical for parenting , since earliest childhood on . 
  well i think it is a violation of the child 's human rights , as it has been presented to us ofc . 
  it most definitely matters why the father requires this , and confronting him about those reasons could be a productive mature discussion . 
  again as it has been presented to us , does n't look to me that the kid has a completely impotent hand to play in this fight . 
  his house , sure , but he can choose another house , apparently . 
  would the father cave in ? 
  would he cave in if the kid upped the stakes and refused even any further contact , or bluffed to do so ? 
  also , they 've only discussed this for one day apparently . 
  why not argue over it if its important to the kid ? 
  do n't presume that everyone would see this as a not-a-big-deal just because you did n't or would n't have minded much . 
  if its about father 's muscles in this situation ( ie him owning the house ) , why would it be any worse for the kid to flex his or hers ? 
  if the kid can win , seems pretty emancipatory to me . 
  ( wins his or her freedom of religion , setting a clear boundary for future reference on how imposing the parent can become with it , gets rid of an `` extremely uncomfortable '' experience . ), 
  and , now that i 'm older , i realize some shit my parents wanted was absolutely right , and other things were completely wrong . 
  and they did n't even try to impose their beliefs on me with this blatant force . 
  parents are n't perfect , and some are actually pretty bad . 
  religious parents with kids that do n't conform to the norms set by the religion can be particularly cruel . 
   i child who ca n't afford his own place does n't have a world view . 
  what ? 
  why on earth not ? 
  i had a bunch of worldviews many years before i was financially independent . 
  some have n't even changed much . 
  what is supposed to be the inference behind this anyhow lack of money makes your synapses clog ? 
   someone who thinks that do n't have ` rights ' usually means that they are just afraid of the consequences . 
  oh , really ? 
  well , people do have rights in laws , i do n't at all think this body of evolving legislation has been useless , having personally benefited from for eg non-discrimination prohibitions . 
  but re consequences , seems to me this kid is bravely exploring possible consequences . 
  up to , moving to a less oppressive home of his mum , religion-wise ? 
   atheist or not anyone will expand their worldview by going to a church, 
  uh , i do n't find that likely at all , a sequence of ritual movements and declamations is not that instructive , as opposed to say learning something about a religion , be it in a formal setting in a religious education class , or just by reading a book . 
  if one has any interest in the religious behaviors that is . 
  it would probably be far more instructive to visit a mosque , given the prejudices , mere fact it not as present in everyday culture anyhow . 
  or a synagogue . 
  but you should not presume to define which of those , if any , the kid should find interesting personally . 
  nor should the father really ; a less possessive parent could respect what political , religions or other convictions a child takes at any given time , and what type of services one consequently wishes to hear or not . 
  and anyhow a child might find such imposition more or less intrusive . 
  i can certainly understand the feeling he or she seems to be expressing - having a parent imply i should adjust my behavior to their worldview is not something i ever could stomach . 
  but it seems that judgement is irrelevant to most , and it boils down to the power the father has over him or her . 
  well , then , if its merely a matter of power play , kid could at least try to play the cards in an attempt to get his or her way . 
  rather than cave in in the first day for sure !, 
  heh , it was just an extreme counterexample to an imho overly strongly stated position :d, 
  rest is just , i do n't think respect need include attending their church . 
  i 'd refuse it . 
  whether the kid does , and can he fight for it , is really up to the kid , intensity of his or her feelings about it , and his or her circumstances . 
  re `` close minded '' - its just hijacking the terminology . 
  given the current connotations of the term `` close minded '' , i 'd rather just accept not believing every crap claim someone spits out is being `` close minded '' and speak of virtues of being more and more close minded . 
  in a proper sense , open minded ! = irrational ; and a rational person ( which practically automatically implies also open minded one ) is supposed to update one 's believes ** on the basis of evidence ** ( in the expanded sense , not necessarily only strictly scientific one ) and be prepared to change them accordingly . 
  i would suggest first grounding oneself in rationality though , so you are better capable of evaluating faulty inferences . 
  for eg , this is an impressive video on bayesianim with an application on debunking fine tuning arguments https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m5qdjpier8 could also serve like a nice graphical intro to bayesianism , which is a promising model of rationality . 
  there 's also ttc 's philosophy of science http://www.thegreatcourses.com/tgc/courses/course_detail.aspx?cid=4100 which , ( i heard it pirated but i wo n't directly link to torrents ), 
  a bunch of those are about gaming the voting system , which is against the general reddit rules . 
  maybe those have been reported ? 
  yes . 
  i had no problem with my highly religious parents re being an atheist . 
  none at all . 
  not even to the point of spamming me with a bit of literature . 
  when i told them i 'm gay though ... we still barely speak , a decade later ... 
  how does one prove what was asked in the interview ? 
   the god hypothesis relies on humans being the central focus of existence/creation/the universe ,, 
  hm , i 'm not sure it relies on it . 
  i mean , if they accept humans are n't the only important beings in his creation etc of the universe , but say grant the possibility of hundereds of billions or trillions of currently inhabited worlds - one of which were humans , seems their premise can still stand . 
  maybe other worlds had their christs ? 
  maybe we 're the chosen ppl to bring christianity to our stellar neighbourhood , if its inhabited ? 
  anyhow , even if a believer does n't think so , you 're still not justified in saying the hypothesis relies on something if it does n't logically , by necessity follow from it . 
  that seems to be the position of my family ( i mean , in being uncomitted on that possibility ) , afaik a perfectly orthodox and quite devout catholics ( if you 'll pardon the seeming contradiction ), 
  well if its their documentation , they would n't be that crazy to put anything illegal in their version of the story ? 
  why ? 
  you mean , that 's how it would need to be implemented or ? 
  cuz i think i read this is indeed possible , ie that mod could flip some switch and make all posts karmaless . 
  he just ca n't apply it by filter , hence the current `` solution '', 
  edit : i think i 'm wrong judging by the replies, 
  right . 
  i think that 's not even necessary , i think if their target was to make everything karmaless , they could just do it w/o banning everything but self posts .
