  i 've been a smoker for some 13 years , fairly heavily , and for the last few years , of hand-rolled tobacco ( for financial reasons ) . 
  not much preference re the brands or tastes , as long as its strong and cheap . 
  while unknowns are numerous , there is little reason , i reasoned , to expect this mechanism could be particularly unsafe . 
  otoh , the knowns of traditional aids in quitting are depressingly abysmal , so a rational gamble is justified . 
  i also doubt something non-exhalable would satisfy my oral fixation , since i tried snus , which is fairly powerful in terms of its nicotine delivery , and perceptibly so , and enjoyed it , yet i still lit up a cigarette even while it was in my mouth . 
  moreover , the comparable claimed benefits to the respiratory system are so easily detectable that i can not doubt them when reported , and will anyhow see them for myself soon enough . 
  i recently cheaply bought and finished some large quantity of home-grown tobacco , which while it seemed decent at first , turned out much too strong - it over time produced intense coughing fits , esp in the mornings , a constant irritation preventing me from breathing freely etc. 
  this reiterated to me how important it is to stop smoking . 
  only i lost any hope of being able to do so , after some failed attempts , and the agonizing experience during them . 
  i do n't think i have the mental energy to go through such a thing again , or at least not currently . 
  technicalities :, 
  so , i bought an ego w , or rather an italian [ rebrand or clone ] ( http://www.switchsigarettaelettronica.it/cache/com_zoo/images/ego-w%20nerass.jpg-1_8fac2a1b6ae4dd6cf9eb45ee99890683.jpg ) ( the choice was either that , or a ce5 , and i figured warmer vapour from a top coil atomizer and a larger tank would help my transition , as a heavy smoker of strong , hand-rolled tobacco , not infrequently w/o a filter ) , and initial experiences seem more than positive . 
  there was more diversity and maybe better hardware if i were to order it from another city , or even basically the same hardware at significantly better prices with that route , but i wanted to support a local supplier , for having juice right across the street is so convenient , and more ppl in my smallish city should be exposed to the notion , as i was when seeing this open . 
  one , the taste is yummy , much better than a cig , which i never found appealing ( basically i got addicted smoking weed , which is usually mixed with tobacco here , and never liked it much ) . 
  it 's a bit on the sweet side . 
  i took 18mg/ml since they did n't have 24 ( the mix is around 55/45 pg/vg ) , but the throat hit seems quite enough with that much as well . 
  battery is some kind of ~ ~ non-vv ~ ~ ego . 
  not sure t or c or what ; its rebranded as i said . 
  5 presses for on and off , 3 colors of the light , changable by 3 presses from blue to red to green and back ( edit turns out those are prob voltage settings , yay !, 
  ) , does that help identify it in any way ? 
  anyhow , lts 650mah and it seems this is sufficient to last me a day . 
  anecdotes :, 
  13 hours for the first day , not charged beyond whatever it had while sitting on the shelf . 
  it went off at midnight , had my first serious craving while waiting for it to charge and why is it taking so long just for a puff here and there ... then i notice , the usb port on the pc case , where i 've plugged the charger into is n't even connected to the mbo ... duh ... moments later , switching to a working port , and merrily vaping away . 
  and this seems to work incredibly painlessly !, 
  i 've been in a bar the very first evening , smoke coming at me from tables at two fronts , and merrily vaping instead of fantasizing about ripping their cig and hand and arm off to get it . 
  it was a bit dry when i started , but i think it helped to think of it as a joint rather than as a cigarette - in that when i started to inhale it much more slowly and to some depth , and slowly exhaling , the taste was much better . 
  the joy of vaping :, 
  i 've been chain vaping like nuts , due to the novelty of the taste and the device and it being interesting , as well as probably for overcompensating for not smoking , but i wo n't bother being more reasonable about it for the first few weeks - its more important not to suffer the cravings right now . 
  think i go through over 3 or 4ml a day for now . 
  now i can vape while working , my boss is fine with it , and while voluteering , since its a city-owned place and we ca n't otherwise smoke due to the law ; my boyfriend is no longer complaining if i accidentally sit upwind since he ca n't feel any smoke , nor of the ashtray taste when kissing , and while its likely just a placebo effect since its too soon ( but its a good placebo , a motivating delusion ) , i already believe i can breathe significantly more freely !, 
  conclusions :, 
  i do n't exactly intend to make a hobby out of this , one because the device at hand seems quite decent enough , and i 'm not a gourmand in smoking or much of anything , but also and mainly because i 'd wish to have long-term safety studies on something before taking it up just for fun , and that 'll take a decade or two to be conclusive , but since its unreasonable to expect this could be anything but much safer than a normal cig , mostly because we do know just how bad those are , and its hard to beat , used as a way to lower my nicotine uptake at my own pace , and then the vaping frequency , and then as a safety net whenever new cravings happen , i honestly believe and hope this might pretty literally save my life !, 
  i 'm sorry for ranting , and the wall of text , my thoughts are disorganized , not every paragraph here is really coherent right now . 
  i 've been trying to polish it into a better whole . 
  but i really do have to dump some of this somewhere , other avenues seemingly closed ( plus i prefer the form of text to a conversation , one is always more lucid that way ) . 
  the situation :, 
  i 've been going through a fairly rough , transformative , also at times wonderful and exciting period :, 
  * breaking all communications with family ( these being toxic for years mainly re them being catholic and me gay ) . 
  * quitting my job - severely unhappy at it for quite a while , but now simply unable to make myself go there , even knowing how financially it was a necessity for me . 
  * having a paycheck-equivalent quantity of cash stolen from me ( was careless ) , well though that was n't really traumatic , solved it by not paying rent to mom for a room i 'm not living in anyhow for quite some time . 
  but the combinaton of events does close any doors to help from family except perhaps under faily humiliating conditions , which i 'm not sure i 'd take over suicide . 
  * more seriously , i 'm getting a bit disappointed with my long-term partner , and to an extent with friends . 
  latter is just normal frustrations and disagreements i guess , but at a vulnerable position i think i 'm in now , materially and emotionally , so easy to feel this environment just is n't worth the trouble and/or that one rather not depend on them hm , not sure i want to make any of these thoughts more explicit right now ... 
  ( regarding the wonderful and transformative aspects of it , mostly relates to some projects while volunteering/working on a contemporary theatre festival and community centre , current and future , that seem a far better use of my time and effort than the dayjob in a rightwing local newspaper for peanuts , quitting smoking , even losing some weight , seeing a first lgbt pride , biggest in my backward country to date , getting a bike and cycling etc ), 
  anyhow , i noticed that in thinking of what to do next , sucide is appearing as an option i 've actually started considering more often . 
  i 'm guessing just a combination of stress and a fairly difficult-to-meandre life situation but . . 
  proximate cause :, 
  this `` morning '' , whereby i mean 5pm , after reading heinlein 's `` stranger in a strange land '' the entire night , i was woken by my partner 's discussion with a friend re a trip to a festival ( left wing activist tariq ali speaking today ) we were planning on seeing . 
  not sure what to think , i do n't really understand it - so they did n't want to wake me , and confirm if i 'd join , but went alone , though i thought they insisted and invited me to join them these days , and that we arranged we 'd go together this day . 
  i was woken up by their planning and preparation , in a room mere few meters and half a flight of stairs away , but did n't come down figuring , does n't look like they honestly wanted me to come anyway by what i 'm hearing . 
  is that their notion of politeness , or are the stairs trouble not worth going through just for the sake of my company , even to my 4 year partner , or they preferred i 'd not come but only suggested i do pro forma . . 
  consequences :, 
  so i started the day with tears and coffee , though the cause seems so slight and even ambigous , considering wistfully how there 's no appropriate place to off yourself , doing so in a place rented from a friend is rude , doing so in a club where we volunteer is potentially risky to the club , since its a city space , and the conservative city governance is hostile enough to us even without dumping a corpse in their premises ... 
  did n't last me past the coffee , but it did get me worried , i seem to be giving suicides more and more thought . 
  idk , think i 'm just starting to dislike everyone i 've ever met , the city where i live seems an empty backward dump , and my lack of finances prevents me from changing the latter and even forces me to hope for some help ( a contract for some work , a cheap rent with tolerance re payment rythm etc ) from the former . 
  and i do n't feel i can really talk to anyone about anything ; getting my feelings outside my head seems necessary to even comprehend them . 
  i guess i would not be imposing if i did broach the subject with a certain friend , but i 'd hate doing so ... my parter has been too preoccupied with his interests to talk to at all ... 
  tldr : the initiative is n't going well enough , though it is one of the bigger ones to date . 
  let 's step up drastically and make it happen - i 'll detail my plan . 
  daily signatures of 300 - 400 ppl lately ? 
  https://www.facebook.com/efvi.eu overall 142,852 as of two days ago . 
  deadline 95 days ? 
  we need cca 9000 sigs a day to make it . 
  this is not merely a petition but a formal initiative for a legislative proposal , and only a few have made the cut . 
  for a politically fringe topic , that should raise some eyebrows . 
  yet not many other initiatives have even gotten this high . 
  yeah it could spike by the end , like say the unconditional basic income one did , practically doubling in a final spike . 
  but even that is not close to enough , as it was n't in that case . 
  proposal is simply to take this way more seriously and actively campaign . 
  here 's my plan . 
  step one is finding any and all acquaintances that i have n't bothered yet . 
  step two is public grassroots campaigning - in my case , i 'm ashamed to admit the possibilities only just hit me , since i 've somehow managed to perceive this as an internet campaign one clicks and shares on social networks , and privately speaks about . 
  but this is an initiative . 
  i think i can mobilize a smallish ngo , since the project leader is a vaper and a friend - an office space where a bunch of tourist print their ryanair tickets , check mails etc that can be covered in propaganda . 
  we organized a few protests before , idle no more support in one case , and we organize some public events . 
  why not a public event on this ? 
  or two , or three - its 90 days after all ? 
  a vape shop is just across the street and meetups happen , so we might engage them in this stuff . 
  perhaps they could be persuaded in sharing some of their setups for this purpose , 
  if i can pull this off , i can only promise to post pictures and share whatever promo materials we create  weekend seems a nice time to brainstorm and make this happen . 
  i 'd be grateful for any materials you can link . 
  as a pre-brainstorm idea , subject to change and open to criticism , i 'd like to see lay-accesible documents but i 'd like to also see hard-core science references , metastudies , to print out , demonstrating the relevant points - efficacy as cessation aid , relative safety etc. 
  to point to and cite if asked about this - as i often informally am , from people that seem to presume burning `` natural '' plants is apriori superior and safer than anything to do with batteries and tech . 
  i 'll google myself ofc , liking that metastudy of 9000 works on health effects of cigs, 
  this would all make much more sense if we can collect the signatures on the spot too . 
  few tourists would escape my clutches in the office w/o signing i hope :d anyone familiar with the procedure for physically collecting the signatures on paper ? 
  forms or whatever ? 
  i 'll google all this and manage ofc , just wanted to dump my new-found enthusiasm here in its raw state , hoping to provoke similar activation in others , as well as shorten my prep time . 
  i 've tried snus some years ago , when some swedish online friends visited me in croatia and brought some along . 
  seemed really nice , though could n't really satisfy my cigarette cravings fully ( smoked while having it in my mouth ) . 
  i 'd have given it more of a try , to see if it helped enough so i can transition w less trouble -- if i had a way to buy it . 
  none was sold at any b&m places i knew of , which was the only option i thought of considering . 
  then i read about the tobacco products directive and though the notion legally hopeless too . 
  now i 'm enjoying my ecig and this seems fine as well . 
  i would n't mind another option , to hedge my uncertainties in health risks , to have an option when even ecig `` smoke '' ( fine , aerosol , not smoke . . ) is not allowed , or when some of my equipment breaks ( i 've been a frustrated again-smoker the last few weeks because my battery charger and my atomizer broke in some essential ways . 
  waiting for slowtech to correct this ... ), 
  today , i see that apparently northener.com will ship swedish snus to my address , for truly symbolic post expenses ? 
  looks like its shipping from denmark ? 
  i 'm thrilled but confused - how is this possible ?
