  but actually attacking the law that does have broad societal support is a risky gamble he wo n't engage in . 
  fairly transparent empty talk for internal consumption without significance , that 's all . 
  to je onda krsenje ugovora , right ? 
  to je onda krsenje ugovora , right ? 
  hm razocaravajuce really . 
  time dobijes podatak o preferenci tog biraca i poredak preferenci . 
  koliko to moze bit ? 
  ovaj `` preferencijski '' model bi se u praksi mogao svesti na samo kamuflazu istog modela koji imamo sad , pretty much maksimalno zatvorene nominalno otvorene liste . 
  who knows mozemo imati i izborni ciklus-dva prividnog/bubble nizeg-do-normalnog rasta ko sa sanaderom , tu i tamo ... 
  wiki `` bankruptcy is a legal status of a person or other entity that can not repay the debts it owes to creditors . '', 
   dug . 
  cak i kad imas strukturno neutralnu poziciju , a plus/minus recimo posto oko toga je ideal , sad bi to u rh bilo bar ciklicko zaduzivanje od nekoliko posto , recesija and all . 
  so evidence in this school of learning , means quoting and stating sources for your choices of phrasing , as opposed to giving any actual argument ? 
  i guess if you think a book ( and its translation ? ), 
  are infallible this fetishism of the phrases would make some sense , but to see darwin treated like that is ... uh , ironic , contradictory, 
  conservation of energy just does n't hold for the universe as a whole , given expanding spacetime , like the one in any big bang model . 
  so no reason to presume there should be nothing . 
  news from the 30s ... for 80s , a tiny inflating patch of spacetime will generate a monstrously large universe and fill it up with a bunch of something . 
  how you get to that inflating patch , is really beyond any possible evidence , since the inflation itself will wipe away evidence of anything before . 
  if there even is any before , for the process can be eternal in some models . 
  but any tiny accidental fluctuation of the right kind of a tiny patch will do anyhow ; it can be quite special in some models , or quite generic in others . 
  from 98 ' , a similar though distinct mechanism is acting right now and increasing the total energy of the universe as we speak , and we can measure it doing so by measuring the brightness ( and consequently distance ) of distant supernova ia explosions , so we have direct evidence for such positive violation of conservation of energy , albeit in a way that need n't cause creation of a bunch of particles from it at some point , as it did with inflation . 
  or if you mean the more philosophical `` but why those equations '' or `` what breaths fire into precisely these '' , then idk , doubt he could know either - for what could possibly be an answer ? 
  at some point your demand for explanatory grasp , in principle without limits , should be restrained by the limits of your evidential reach . 
  would be nice if they could retarget test animals to fish and ( i guess for a study of locomotion like this ) amphibians . 
  or lobsters and ants wherever applicable . 
  hm , think the message could be even more explicit , and the old message was doing some things better . 
  in the first case , it says there 's some string and there 's some bool , and gives some bible citations on where these came from . 
  and only highlights point to what comes from where . 
  maybe i do n't see colors . 
  i certainly ca n't see from the slide as its captured what visual prompt should lead me to think red is bool , blue is string . 
  do n't think main info should come from mere highlights , that should only be an additional aid . 
  used to say `` in the expression '' and the expression that give rise to these . 
  how about saying there 's some true : : bool and some `` a '' : : string in some [ true , `` a '' ] : : [ a ] as well as the citations , or some clearer paraphrasing offering all that data ? 
  in `` what breaths fire '' bit i was actually paraphrasing hawking , from his brief history of time . 
  he does n't provide an answer , but apparently thinks of it as an interesting challenge that we may or may not be able to tackle after we have a full theory of how the universe works . 
  does n't offer much substance but a great phrasing of the question imho . 
  this is also where his allegorical use of `` know the mind of god '' mentioned in the article comes from :, 
   `` even if there is only one possible unified theory , it is just a set of rules and equations . 
  what is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe ? '', 
   the usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model can not answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe . 
  why does the universe go to all the bother of existing ? '', 
   `` if we discover a complete theory , it should in time be understandable by everyone , not just by a few scientists . 
  then we shall all , philosophers , scientists and just ordinary people , be able to take part in the discussion of the question of why it is that we and the universe exist . 
  if we find the answer to that , it would be the ultimate triumph of human reason - for then we should know the mind of god . '', 
  i 'm not perfectly sure this is one unbroken quote or few paragraphs near each other ; book is n't at hand to verify . 
   so my question to you guys is , are you certain that the resurrection is false , and if so i would like to know why ? 
  resurrection , really , that can seem even a remote possibility to you ? 
  he 'd basically need to resurrect himself right now , in a lab , while we 're taking data , preferably multiple times so the experiment can be repeated and verified by different teams , to sufficiently convince me there are any exceptions to natural laws , which is basically what it would take for a dead guy to come back to life on his own . 
  2000 year old unverifiable claims in a religious collection of books , fairly typical kinds of claims for religions of the time , obviously both loose with its material ( see how material from mark and q is incorporated in luke and matthew - not how you treat factual descriptions , but certainly how one might write derivative literature ) and with an axe to grind , far from historical standards of the age let alone empirical standards of today , could n't be farther on the other side of plausibility and verifiability spectrum than that . 
  can you honestly seriously consider believing in magic ? 
  what 's that atari-like logo ? 
  and what 's the name of that flamboyant geometric sans with no bar in a and a supercurve ? 
  i try to get offended by most merely morality laws anywhere . 
  some are just more oppressive than others . 
  neither is isis/isil likely to have a chance of ever doing that to either of us . 
  now depending where you are , christians might be a substantial risk to your livelihood if not your life . 
  they currently tax me to fund parishes , religious education classes in public schools and related expenses like free texbooks ; religious colleges and related institutions , millitary diocese etc , while at the same time denying me and my partner the tax breaks any straight couple would have a right to . 
  not to mention what my chances would be at various employments if i were to be open about my atheism and/or sexual preferences . 
  surely i would be risking possible body harm , committed by christians , were i to be overly indiscreet in public . 
  no doubt who my current actual threat is . 
  isis in the meantime is busy killing people off, 
  al da ovi su bar , nadam se , komparativno bezopasni . 
  mislim pogledaj joj taj doc - prepun bullshita ili misleadingly presented fakata - https://www.orah.hr/images/dokumenti/konoplja/orah_-_sektorska_politika_konoplja_18082014_n.pdf . 
  braindead . 
   these authors had previously worried that soyabean oil , with its ` high ' n-6 : n-3 pufa ratio , would increase chd risk ... , in three trials , n-6 : n-3 pufa ratios ranging from 7 to 21 ) , they demonstrated chd benefit , not detriment . 
  thus , these results directly contradict ** widely cited but unsupported hypotheses that high n-6 pufa intakes or ` high ' n-6 : n-3 pufa ratios , increase the risk of chd **, 
  gore je direktan zakljucak , a u globalu razne meta-analize u prilog beginosti i korisnosti n-6 pufa , linkane u http://scepticalnutritionist.com.au/?p=1487 i http://scepticalnutritionist.com.au/?p=1356, 
  hm maybe , though the cynic in me would say its usually just about who gets to exercise power and do so as to install allies that will support him/her into other positions of power . 
  as to the notion , i think i 'll have a hard time being sufficiently clear on the distinction i have in mind , its roughly order vs morality - certain restrictions on someones freedom of action might be based on an argument that such is a ( regrettable in principle ) necessity so as to achieve another higher and public good , with usually less dissent over the desirability of that good ( though the argument as to its necessity , effectiveness etc might easily be contested ) and giving a clear stake to the public in having such a good achieved - or it might be based merely on the claim ( or possibly a thinly veiled justification ) that the action itself is morally repulsive ( to you ) , is something nobody ought to be doing in principle , even without attempting to establish ( much ) of an impact this vile act could have on anyone else or any further common goals . 
  reasons of public morality , directly sitting on the naked moral judgement , contestable simply by rejecting that premise , as opposed to reasons of public order , connected by a causal inference to principles of both fairly universal support and necessarily wide or universal impact . 
  the latter is a wide area for political discussion - the former really has no place in any code of laws . 
  it would be , to take an example apart from typical family & sex ones , the difference between the kind of reasons bans on usury had in the medieval times vs current political debates on say the proportionate and necessary level of financial ( re ) regulation . 
  difficulty here is that i grant supposedly rational reasons given might be just a mask and rationalization for a moral judgement , that is , that the delineation depends on guessing where the strength of the arguments is so weak its prob not honestly held . 
  i suspect for eg , lgbt inequality , drug laws , assisted suicide , polygamy and prostitution bans are such . 
  at first glance , seems to me to be a fairly powerful and not at all laughable response . 
  quite possibly optimal . 
  you want to sue the kid for that ? 
  then sue me too . 
  and me . 
  presuming there 's actual risk for the kid that is requiring any further defense . 
  perhaps better wait for how the court reacts ... 
  til people can get claustrophobic in finger rings . 
   if someone else is able to find happiness and comfort in something you should be happy for them even if it 's not something you yourself believe in . 
  was with you in the first sentence ( he could have just expressed hope this was due to low attendance/cashflow ie weakening religion in his area ) , but here i strongly disagree . 
  someone finding happiness in comforting delusions is n't really something one should be happy about . 
  and i 've yet to meet a believer where this was their only skeptical impairment ; usually the entire subsystem of judging evidence was systematically underdeveloped , with consequences on a large spectrum of politically significant issues , as well as some that really are only their business . 
   if we truly want a world accepting of our disbelief in religion we must accept their belief in religion . 
  weeell , we already have a world perfectly accepting of disbelief , its just has some holes in it . 
  but anyhow , it looks like a place where people look at religion as we do on vestigial tails ; an atavism , possibly something old people and those with mental problems were n't able to shake out of . 
  you get `` acceptence '' by sheer numbers , just like any religion would , not by being likable to the `` natives '' ; and plenty of atheists prob means less intensity in religious feeling in the area generally . 
  otoh , places where atheists are happy about being surrounded by irrationality seem to tend to look , ... well like the usa ... 
  oh btw , and did you say the title is discrimination ? 
  funny , which category of discrimination is that , employment , training , education , goods and services markets , membership in professional or labor organizations , social opportunities or social services denial ? 
  maybe the title is rather a hate crime ? 
  is it direct discrimination or indirect discrimination ? 
  they are beautiful , true . 
  the desacralized 8ct one in my town is really magnificent . 
  otoh i would like to put some c4 under that damn bell tower ; these priests seem to revel in the fact nobody in power would have the nerve to tell them to be a teeeiny bit quieter - so they program melodies into the bloody thing , sometimes it rings , with short breaks , for half an hour ... 
  idealno , da .
