  how much $ are dk2 's going for nowdays ? 
  hah , yeah , i can see that . 
  but , was `` boaty mcboatface '' already a reference to something else , or just a silly preschool-cartoony way of naming the boat ppl came up with during the poll ? 
  worse than with an actual car ? 
  i wonder why that happens ; the raw/simplistic view of it : the lack of motion , while seeing some of the scene move and some - the cockpit - not is the same . 
  je bas je obrana teritorija bila to `` nacionalisticko ludilo '' . 
  a bit of room for doubt , yes , but prob kosher :, 
   pure distribution of source with no binaries is undeniably different . 
  when distributing source code and no binaries , requirements in those sections of gplv2 and cddlv1 that cover modification and/or binary ( or `` executable '' , as cddlv1 calls it ) distribution do not activate . 
  therefore , the analysis is simpler , and we find no specific clause in either license that prohibits source-only redistribution of linux and zfs , even on the same, 
  distribution media . 
   nevertheless , there may be arguments for contributory and/or indirect copyright infringement in many jurisdictions . 
  we present no specific analysis ourselves on the efficacy of a contributory infringement claim regarding source-only distributions of zfs and linux . 
  however , in our gpl litigation experience , we have noticed that judges are savvy at sniffing out attempts to circumvent legal requirements , and they are skeptical about, 
  attempts to exploit loopholes . 
  furthermore , we can not predict oracle 's view -- given its past willingness to enforce copyleft licenses , and oracle 's recent attempts to adjudicate the limits of copyright in court . 
  downstream users should consider carefully before engaging in even source-only distribution . 
  sfc sounds quite convinced canonical 's violating the license by doing so - and the opposite view is called a minority position , and potentially dangerous for gpl enforcement, 
   our lawyers have analyzed these situations with the assistance of our license compliance and software forensics staff for many years , and we have yet to encounter a linux module that -- when distributed in binary form -- did not , in our view , yield combined work with linux . 
  the fsf , stewards of the gpl , have stated many times over the past decades that they believe there is no legal distinction between dynamic and static linking of a c program and we agree . 
  accordingly , the analysis is quite obvious to us ^ 1 : if zfs were statically linked with linux and shipped as a single work , few would argue it was not a `` work based on the program '' under gplv2 . 
  and , if we believe there is no legal difference when we change that linking from static to dynamic , we conclude easily that binary distribution of zfs plus linux -- even with zfs in a . ko file -- constitutes distribution of a combined work , which we name linux + zfs . 
   canonical has found some lawyers who disagree -- a minority position , from our understanding of community norms . 
  but canonical 's public position on the matter contributes to license uncertainty , and opponents of free software may use this as an opportunity to marginalize copyleft enforcement generally . 
  does n't have to be . 
  apparently the 60ghz competing standards for wireless video should be usable for vr ; much less than 16ms , and not ( * that * ) far from cabels themselves . 
  so if this is doing something like that , the number sounds plausible, 
  it ca n't ? 
  wiki says it could do 7gbps ; 24bit of 2160 x 1200@90fps looks like 5.6 gbps ? 
  what 's the problem then ? 
  not in the slightest ? 
  what 's supposed to be the connection anyhow ? 
  wiki gives the impression that computers are about on par with top humans :, 
   a series of articles published in 2005 and 2006 in the dutch bridge magazine imp describes matches between five-time computer bridge world champion jack and seven top dutch pairs including a bermuda bowl winner and two reigning european champions . 
  a total of 196 boards were played . 
  jack defeated three out of the seven pairs ( including the european champions ) . 
  overall , the program lost by a small margin ( 359 versus 385 imps ) . 
  what i 'd find fascinating , however , is if they could explore the space of bidding conventions via strong bots and some say reinforcement learning . 
  as they 're bots , worries like having an unfair advantage by using an unconventional system merely because the opponent 's unfamiliar w good defenses would n't apply , so we could really see how games of quality competitive bridge with hums legal and w/o brown sticker limitations could look like at top lvl . 
  as things stand , hums are only usable for the knockout phase of top contests , like bermuda bowl , so a team would have to prepare another one for the round robin , plus there 's very few lower-level competitive events that allow them , even outside the hyperconservative american contract bridge league , to practice them properly . 
  so teams generally do n't bother . 
  so we never get to explore what the actual best bidding strategies in bridge might be , given all legal plays , but only explore subsets of the game strategy space . 
  outside acbl , brown sticker conventions at least do see a fair bit of play so at least that is n't * as * badly explored a territory though still underplayed and avoided merely due to frequent restrictions . 
  but even here , sufficiently sophisticated bots could explore the permutations of possibilities in a more systematic and unbiased way . 
  on the contrary , diversity of game tactics is more likely to keep them interested in the full depth of the game , as opposed it looking like an arbitrary , limited subset of ossified conventions only . 
  they would , however need some first clue on how to defend in a wide field - workably , but not necessarily optimally . 
  judging by the stories , this is apparently how it looks like in liberal jurisdictions like in australia ? 
  you do n't ban novices from say playing the taisha or large avalanche joseki in go for example , though these joseki w `` a thousand variations '' can be quite deadly if you make a wrong step . 
  you do tell them a first approximation of how to defend against the complexity , treating these as equal , along with all other more or less orthodox corner openings - ie explaining a bit but not going into the full details , incl . 
  how to avoid the thick of things if you want to -- though most will still try to play them , however badly , as a challenge , and a matter of pride . 
  being in a situation where you have to rely on your wit , however bad it may be , as opposed to book learning is not at all demotivating experience to a novice ( like me ) - it is rather familiar and stimulatingly challenging . 
  killing ones dreams of what 's possible in a game by stuffy arbitrary rules in favor of the current playerbase , and at the expense of exploration and innovation otoh , is damning , and infuriating . 
   any game where you have to spend 1 hour covering basic rules ( and not even bidding systems ) , has no hope of gaining traction nowadays , imo . 
  hm , boardgaming seems to have gotten a fair bit of traction nowdays , i gather . 
  and supposedly some eurogames can be pretty `` crunchy '' ( complex ) . 
  have n't tried though . 
  and sure , still a tiny niche vs netflix etc , but perhaps a sustainable one . 
  also i think pen & paper rpgs are still apparently going strong despite their rule complexity , and some ccgs like magic : the gathering have a truly large ruleset in comparison to bridge , yet seem to be quite popular . 
  these i did play a fair amount . 
  would you really need an hour to explain the rules everywhere ? 
  i mean , many ppl are already familiar with some trick-taking games , and the rule concepts at least translate well i think . 
  like , my playgroup and me are learning bridge via the minibridge route ; each of us knew itallian trick-taking games tressette and briscola because everybody does ; even if they dislike it now , they must 've played it on a beach as a kid . 
  basically sat down and just played it , explaining as we went and maybe 5min up-front to say its trick-taking , order of card strenghts etc - first just nt , then also w trump choice , next playsession w part-game or game `` bids '' . 
  getting the hang of it ofc takes practice ( quite a few times we 'd get confused even on the play order when dummy wins the trick , but the concept of it at least was clear ) , but merely understanding the rules w/o bidding systems seems quite immediate . 
  indeed the comments i got from the group were on how simple the rules are , and yet how crunchy the play is . 
  well , many countries have such traditional simple trick-taking games , no ? 
  hehe , sounds pretty much like that , y. 
  more seriously , also seems to say `` who knows , the judge might even side w them in the trial '', 
  imaju publike , i spremni su platiti , that 's all that counts . 
  i hoped they 'd publish another paper on how the thing was upgraded to reach this level of performance after the fan hui match . . 
  still nothing :(, 
   the universe has no reason to exist . 
  it simply does . 
  sure ; still such questions come naturally , or at least frequently through history , to many ppl . 
  we 've tackled them in a more focused , logical manner in philosophy , peeling off some at least partly to the realms of science , informing our answers in others by it party , and still staying mildly dissatisfied with the remaining options in the leftovers ; musing on the abstact questions on what we mean by `` why '' ( say , what forms of answers to that actually contribute to our understanding vs being mere dogmatic statements or tautologies ) and when it stops making sense to ask it further . . 
  religion is a kind of primitive , pseudo-philosophy of this kind . 
  hell , at a certain point in history , not obviously more primitive than any other ideas on the market at the time . 
  btw , how big is the parallel english-lojban corpus ? 
  huh , but prob some deep-syntax based approach is possible . 
  i know that the english-czech system chimera that regularly wins the wmt for that pair is a hybrid of a classic phrase-based system ( moses i think ) , and their rules system tectomt , that analyzies the sentences into some deep `` tectogrammatical '' representation . 
  and then generates from that . 
  maybe something of this kind could be done say based on grammatical framework project ? 
  there are also tree-to-string statistical approaches , uedin used a few to good effect on last year 's wmt . 
  but sure , none use peg for the representation , as you say . 
  just noting that a hybrid approaches of some kind have been shown to be viable ( or even state-of-the-art ) in other language pairs . 
  plz do n't, 
  pretty much po definiciji, 
  pretty much svako je manjina u nekom svojem kinku , interesu etc , sta to govori o pozeljnosti istih ? 
  also, 
  edit :, 
  funkcija etc. 
  a placam je ... 
  wait , so fundamentalists understand that story * that * literaly ?? 
  really ? 
  a tower to get to god-space ? 
  thought the allegory of human hubris in that story is rather obviously , well allegorical , even to them . 
  shit !, 
  saw it ; but fan hui version was scaling very badly with further hardware in the paper ( something like - last almost-doubling the hw buying them just ~ 25elo ) , so was about as strong as it could get merely by such scaling . 
  so that upgrade stil does n't explain much . 
  but well , at least we got a portrait of alphago now .
