  in case of a narrow ethnic preference ( eg only danish guys , to pick a random country ) otoh , i would consider it xenophobic or at least under the influence/believing in xenophobic bs , since no sufficiently consistent difference in looks or anything else exists . 
  which is why i find this dubious :, 
    because like , if you have to preface what you 're saying with `` it 's not racist '' then it is definitely racist !, 
  yet here we are , discussing if having or expressing racial preferences is racist or just rude !, 
  ( over ) compensating for the types of portrayals gay characters have been getting for previous decades perhaps ? 
  compromise < edit  , though judging by the comments that seems futile . 
  if this option was n't on the list , i 'd approve , since i still think this is better than it was . < / edit , 
  i do want heavier moderation , and less bs on front . 
  after being practically totally imageles due to the uproar self.posts taking over the front page yesterday , today it seems an improvement to the way things were before - but also , quite too dry . 
  i have n't followed the discussions closely enough , i gathered the consequence has been no previews of imageposts - if there were any way to have preview of an imagepost , i 'd be all for the anti-karmawhoring , and slightly less convenient image upload rule . 
  i did n't think anyone cares that much for karma , to be deterred with this rule , but the subreddit seems quite clean currently , so i do n't know what to think . 
  maybe lack of preview makes ppl think its pointless ? 
  what i would like to see completely banned in all shape and form are fb screenshots ... quote imageposts do get repetitive but many were nice . 
  memes , meh everything is overrun with memes nowadays , but some are funny , so idk . 
  damn , i 'm quite frequent here , but deleted my u/mamalujo account on april the 1st. , pissed of at that stupid game being shoved down my throat by reddit . 
  < edit  then some discussion and the desire to comment pulled me in again < / edit  do n't count me as a newb plz i 've been here for years :d, 
   current top article is just as anti-theist as the memes you attempted to remove . 
  i 'm confused , you think someone would wish to remove antitheist stuff ?? 
  why on earth would one wish to ? 
  i think the point was to discourage imageposts , for lack of substance . 
   atheism is belief that god does not exist . 
  it is literally , not believing a god exist . 
  can be either due to the belief a god in fact does n't exist . 
  or simply by elimination of a superfluous hypothesis if one does n't see any proof of a god existing ( occam 's razor ) . 
   but this is n't / r/antitheism , it 's / r/atheism . 
  there is a difference . 
  . . and a gigantic overlap . 
  but that 's not the q , rather , why you implied that the point of the change was supposed to be removing antitheist content ? 
   current top article is just as anti-theist as the memes you attempted to remove . 
   one with horrific anti-moral implications . 
  i do n't really understand why ppl have such positive associations with the notion of morality ? 
  and immediately conflate it with any kind of integrity , kindness , empathy etc. 
  the notion seems to me fairly useless ; implying acts can be `` good '' or `` bad '' in a way that 's substantially different from any other kind of classification/judgement we make on whether an action is worthwhile and in line with our desires . 
  this does n't seem supported by anything we know of how we actually arrive at such decisions ; our `` morality '' is in fact an expression of our preferences like any other decision . 
  its just a social fabrication that some extraneous criteria is necessary for us or any other animal to act altruistically ( since usually this `` substantial difference '' is supposed to have something to do with altruism or some other such trait social animals would find adaptive ), 
  otoh , appeals to morality beyond such content frequently mean - absolutist proclamations , more often wrong than right , tradition instills in children before they have a chance of critically reexamining them . 
  which ethical code do you mean ? 
  and y , if you find someone 's convictions or some personas laughable , it would be even advisable to make fun of them . 
  if that 's offensive , why 's that your problem , not theirs ? 
  substitute beliefs with a political ideology and see how silly your q looks . 
  what 's the upside of being dishonest ? 
  and the downside of it is obvious ; your freedom of speech is being limited . 
  no better way to protect an open society than to regularly exercise fundamental human rights :d, 
   its very hard to define because this would piss off a lot of people but at the same time make a lot laugh . 
  look be yourself , maybe you 're an asshole , maybe insensitive , maybe you have good manners and taste without actively self-censoring . 
  but i find the latter much more troubling than former . 
  btw judging by your attempt at joke , i think you simply do n't have a sense of humor , but that 's just me :p, 
  i 'd second this advice . 
  i was coming out gay to my mum in highschool , and was quite surprised by how negative the reaction and overall outcome was . 
  luckily not to the point of being kicked out , disowned etc. 
  but i still get homophobic verbal abuse whatever the trigger may be a decade later , and we have a very poor relationship generally . 
  usually we do n't speak at all . 
  my point is - do n't risk it , outcomes can always be worse than you expected . 
  . . as being circular ? 
  one first must presume there 's a god , bible is authoritative , etc , and this requires swallowing a lot ( presumptions pile on presumptions yet you have no gain in predictive power of anything testable , bible 's history and historically informed reading needs to be squared with the idea of it still somehow being inspired etc ) . 
  and examining this material , including in its clearly historically colored morality , simply diminishes the priors of a rational examiner for buying into any of it . 
  and `` one should n't question god '' etc , if an argument , presumes one has already been convinced there is such a thing as a god , with requisite attributes and a connection to the bible specifically . 
  to explain away the fact the only material on which basis one may think so is in fact a reason to diminish rather than increase your confidence in such conclusion . 
  so : the inference is bible | = god | = bible , circular . 
  but if bible requires such justification , why did one accept in the first place ? 
  or what else argues for a specifically biblical god , for it need be biblical to justify the bible by this argument ( eg a hindu could just say its a corrupt man-made book possibly revealing some traces of the actual truth - vishnu or whoever ), 
  initially , the bible/christian/catholic beliefs . 
  just does n't stand up to even passing doubt . 
  over time , well philosophy of science ( there was a very thorough ttc course on it , probably was the greatest reason i stopped being buddhist ) , david hume and general consideration on what is required to justify a belief . 
  4 . repressive , misogynistic , homophobic , nationalist , greedy , entitled , political , corrupt . 
  with the concordat in my country , its an organization that takes my money ( being funded by the state budget ) , to fund denying me equal ( or really any ) rights ( being gay ) , up to and including , by teaching its dogmas in the public schools . 
  but i was way past accepting any of its claim by the time i could understand any of that . 
  its not a worldview , just a lack of conviction into one specific thesis . 
  none ; i 'm far more concerned with not believing falsehoods , than in finding some explanations . 
  as far as i see , the only consistent way humans have managed to find conditionally true ( as in : effective in making predictions within a certain regime/domain ) facts about the way the world works , has been methodological skepticism ( ie scientific method ) . 
  other approaches to thought have never risen beyond the realm of dubious opinions even after centuries or millenia of going at it . 
  and `` whereof one can not speak , thereof one must be silent . '', 
  plus , a fairly consistent and fairly complete picture of the functioning of the world has been found by the scientific advances in this century . 
  for the big open questions ( early universe , abiogenesis , consciousness ) , i 'm fairly confident we 're on the right track in learning about them . 
   why are atheists so geared up against christians ? 
  they ( by far dominant institutional groups of them that is ) actively oppress me in my daily life . 
  right now , their campaign is to put my inability to marry my partner in the constitution , by referenda . 
  `` please sign the initiative after sunday service '' they put out . 
  and do so with taxpayer 's ( ie my ) money . 
   i do , for the most part agree with that however , how does that disprove god himself ? 
  can i predict for eg the mass of the higgs boson or the polarization of the cmb presuming god , as opposed to not presuming him ? 
  will i get a single testable prediction by adding this hypothesis , as opposed to leaving it out ? 
  if not , then by adding the hypothesis to my theory i can not but increase my chances of being wrong . 
   in my opinion , when you ask yourself if god exists or not , there should be many other thoughts to consider, 
  when i ask myself if a claim is true , i expect evidence that stands up to highest standards of scrutiny . 
  having funny experiences certainly is n't convincing ( why trust your brain everytime ? ) . 
  testable predictions , blindly tested , producing repeatedly a positive result of high statistical significance is . 
  point is that we should be aware just how fallible and prone to bias , wishful thinking and other irrationality we are , and to guard from falling into wrong conclusions by skepticism of every claim . 
   to anyone out there that does n't believe in god simply because bad things happen in the world i would like to say please rethink your logic look around you , bad things happen to everyone regardless of what they believe . 
  that 's the point . 
  that fact is contradictory to a particular widespread notion of a god ( all knowing , all powerfull yet `` good '' ) . 
  you 've heard the argument i presume . 
  tldr my mind is very much in the box , and i 'm building the thickest safe practice can earn me , around it . 
  only it serves an inverse purpose - to keep bullshit out , not to keep a belief in . 
  would recommend the practice . 
  that 's already on front . 
  what does this submission add to it ? 
  i must say i 'm loving today more and more . 
  have n't browsed this place so long for ages , and its interesting , and i do n't wan na stop !, 
  edit : and there 's some due process finally with that vote thread .
