  on the one hand , we do have politicians that are agnostic or atheist fairly openly , and its not a huge deal . 
  though the pulpit still rages about it in the runup to the elections . 
  last two goes at least , without much success . 
  i think a solid majority does n't give a shit , but a vocal majority is very rabid . 
  creationism is not something i heard about much for eg , though my impressions might be shaped by going to a highly selective highschool and a stem oriented college . 
  its around but so much other pseudoscience and crap is in the air , does n't stand out at all . 
  certain communities and a section at least of older people are very traditional . 
  i remember overhearing a conversation , right in the middle of a decently sized city , as far as croatian cities go , between two elderly ladies , noting that some woman named her child somethingorother , and how this is not a proper catholic name , obviously outraged ... 
  in the runup to the homophobic referendum , a fair selection of shops put up the `` in the name of the family '' posters . 
  what is totally fucked though , is the tight interlock between the church and the state . 
  a very bad concordat with the vatican ties our hands here - going into the details here would take some time - but things like , government wages for every parish priest , religious education in public schools etc. 
  an atheist sign , `` without gods , without masters '' , a paid advertisement to be put on the trams in zagreb , lasted one day before being removed for causing outrage . 
  in my city , i was just thinking how little point there is in trying to differentiate between church and the political clique - they 're all cousins , or otherwise close . 
  if the archdiocese dislikes something , you can be sure it wo n't happen . 
  one gets the impression they can do whatever they want . 
  i work and sleep right next to the cathedral . 
  its not that its merely loud , while for far less noise the police will put limiters in a cafe 's sound system , esp if its playing something disturbing to the traditionalist tastes , like punk or metal - they 'll go over and above , putting melodies in those bells , ringing them on say weekly occasions for half an hour etc. 
  like a dog pissing on a post and proclaiming to the world `` this is mine '' . 
  its fun environment in which to play though . 
  its a kind of community where nudity in art , a theater play to be exact , can still be provocative - it was a masterpiece setting of a serbian classic , premiered in italy with nobody as much as mentioning the nudity and simulated sex . 
  yet the simulated sex was basically the only thing media were interested in about it here . 
  and boy were they interested . 
  place where we can put erotic shorts in the city landmark 8ct church ( desacralized centuries ago ) and have media attention turn to our modest film programs . 
  but where you still have the freedom to bring in a serbian hip hop band and get a licence and all for them to perform in another desacralized church , singing of how they had to throw drugs down the drain cuz the cops are at the doors etc , without an eyebrow being raised . 
  somehow slipped under the media radar regardless of the hundereds of people who attended i guess . 
  and note i said serbian , in a rabidly nationalist environment . 
  all funded with public , local money for the most part . 
  check the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clathrate_gun_hypothesis - prob yes , possible connections with permian -- triassic extinction event ( or last phase thereof ) and the paleocene -- eocene thermal maximum, 
   having more surface area to make more flavor and vapor . 
  you 'd not be too smart to wrap sub-ohm by compromising your surface area . 
  you 'd use a wire pleasant enough to work with , which is no doubt one thicker than what you 're likely to use for a high-resistance coil , and drive the resistance further down if needed by dual coils , quad coils , and/or , parallel coils , twisted wire and various variations thereof etc. 
  parallel duals at least seem a very popular choice . 
  for the simplest - and very popular case - given the same kind of wire , you could wrap more wraps and get a high resistance build , or you could wrap half the wraps with a parallel wire ( ie still the same number of visible wraps of a wire constituting that coil , but half of those are turns of one wire , the other half turns of the parallel wire - hope you 're getting the picture , i 'm trying to clarify in case you are n't visualizing it right ) , getting say half the resistance . 
  or three or four for thirds or quarters if needed . 
  with exactly the same kind of coil , in terms of diameter , wire and surface area . 
  all you can see as different is multiple leads coming off its ends . 
  so one can hardly see high resistance build gives an advantage there . 
  all it does is limit the kind of wires you can use for a given sufrace area to the flimsiest ones , which is a slight disadvantage in fact . 
  check out / r/coilporn , subohm builds there are hardly modest in their surface areas . 
  eg , a single coil , certainly not lacking in surface area . 
  in fact i wonder whether wicking can be sufficient for the middle of such a long coil . 
  28ga ( which i find much easier to work with than say 30 or 32ga ) .22 ohm and its only a single coil . 
  maybe it should n't be . . http://www.reddit.com/r/coilporn/comments/2eigq3/5_strand_28g_parallel_single_coil_22ohms_on_magma/ http://i.imgur.com/mkaxzgg.jpg, 
  maybe this is a better http://imgur.com/do7alm3, 
   maybe with the 26650 sony cells you can use it but at short pulses . 
  these do n't look any better than vtc4/5 . 
  worse than vtc4 in fact :, 
  that 30a discharge curve is pathetic . 
  certainly this vtc4 curve looks better :, 
   any one factor can cause that thermal runaway of a battery . 
  i thought you 'd need to get really hot to cause a runaway , and it should normally vent way before . 
  for icr its easy , could happen as low as 130degc . 
  for imr , beyond 170 . 
  for a full one that is . 
  d/k if the current itself can cause it, 
  i am quite interested how this is supposed to work in practice . 
  20mg/ml limit is quite too restrictive for heavy newly vaping smokers , but at least most smokers , prob all vapers that have successfully transitioned already , and myself personally wo n't be hit . 
  10ml bottle sizes , i 'm actually fine with . 
  i can understand them wanting to regulate juice production conditions too , and yeah that does sadly mean hindering diyers . 
  if the nic limit was n't so restrictive , say at least 32mg/ml , at least diluting those 10ml into a low nic juices most seem to transition to would still be fairly cost efficient . 
  but that 2ml limit on tanks ? 
  so many devices get hit by that . 
  i guess we 'll always have drippers and cartomizers at least , but to ban kayfun , protank , nautilus , iclear - basically any 22mm tank - i mean really ? 
  am i even reading that right ? 
  if so , making 22mm devices less practical is in contradiction with the stated goal of having consistent nic delivery devices , and safety - since both metrics work in favor of 18650-based ones . 
  i wonder how they 'll apply this to cartotanks . 
  owning a 5ml one , and given the limits on tank sizes to 2ml . 
  a cartotank is a glass ( or plastic etc ) tube of a certain diameter and length , sealed on both ends , with a hole in those seals of a certain diameter . 
  if they try regulating something like this , i 'm thinking smartshops or such businesses with experience in driving right through holes in the laws will prob find a way to sell them , or variation thereof , anyway under some pretext . 
  or so i hope . 
  at least replacement tubes do n't seem to be bannable , in case these break . 
  but another big thing is the longstanding snus sales ban . 
  this is absolutely crazy , has been on the books for quite a while , and is supposed to continue . 
  totally unacceptable . 
  we should have some solidarity with people wishing to pursue other means of smoking harm reduction . 
  but i thought the limits they put on these are n't troubling for either ? 
  2ml is easy to comply with for a cartos and ego-flush tanks ? 
  did i miss some important part of the directive here ? 
  re leaks - that is stating their goal , the actual condition is stated as `` certain safety and quality requirements '' . 
  however stringent that turns out to be , consider this will enter into force in 2years - possibly a good thing , for regulators to push the manufacturers to higher quality standards achievable in the future . 
  now re point 1 , that does n't follow i think . 
  delivery of consistent levels of nicotine under normal conditions surely means that the blood nicotine levels and curve is consistent under a specific use scenario . 
  devices should be achieving that kind of thing already . 
  ive certainly seen these kinds of lab tests . 
  well , idk , i thought a large drop is a pretty bad sign re its safety too . 
  that for a rating at certain amperage , its supposed to keep a large percentage ( think i read 85 % somewhere ) of its total capacity as well . 
  here its surely at least borderline in that already at 30a . 
  i 'd like to see its temperature curve , but idk does n't look like its too wise to push this battery quite this hard , whatever might one 's personal experience be . 
  arrest the user for what ? 
  did you see any such language in the directive ? 
  this is a commercial regulation , about what can be sold , not on what you can do with your stuff . 
  language does n't sound to me like it would allow selling 5ml tanks , replacement or not - you quoted it yourself , it applies to `` any component of that product , including a cartridge , a tank component '' . 
  re defects overshooting , prob defined in their `` containers that meet certain safety and quality requirements . '', 
  as to how likely and by how much this could happen . 
  i do n't really think the language of it is all that ambiguous really . 
  anything sold as a or for ecigs is to be covered by rules it specifies and that 's it . 
  syringe tanks are n't sold so are fine . 
  i checked on ibtanked page , with the shortest cartosizes ( which i 've never seen btw ) , they only reach 2ml on a 25mm diameter . 
  so you can get your 2ml or less cartotank for the seals and i guess the nano length tube is cool too sometimes in your pocket , and then its only a matter of selling a say 22mmx45mm simple piece of glass tube , that happens to snugly fit your seals under some other excuse . 
  should be doable .
