   then the blessed one , having understood brahma 's invitation , out of compassion for beings , surveyed the world with the eye of an awakened one . 
  as he did so , he saw beings with little dust in their eyes and those with much , those with keen faculties and those with dull , those with good attributes and those with bad , those easy to teach and those hard , some of them seeing disgrace and danger in the other world . 
  just as in a pond of blue or red or white lotuses , some lotuses -- born and growing in the water -- might flourish while immersed in the water , without rising up from the water ; some might stand at an even level with the water ; while some might rise up from the water and stand without being smeared by the water, 
  and note even here its not a `` why would i give a shit anyhow '' but more like - will anyone be able to get this at all ? 
  not giving a damn about anything of this world has really absolutely nothing to do with buddhist virtues , a vulgarization of the notion of detachment/non-attachment/renounciation / nekkhamma in buddhism . 
  it is true that upadana - clinging , grasping , attachment - is seen as the critical link in the causation of samsara , the place to break it . 
  but is a negation , rejection of these really not giving a shit ? 
  or is that merely a polar opposite ? 
  is nonclinging compassion a contradiction in terms ? 
  if so you do n't need political examples to arrive at a contradiction . 
  re dhalgren - well , i really did love it , but it grabbed me quite quickly so not sure what to recommend if you already gave it a shot and it did n't work . 
  sure is a weird work , but consider i found finnegans wake a fascination for a period too - certainly not something many would enjoy . . 
  hm funny a post before it was an inconsistency ... and a post before definitionally ruled out . . : /, 
  only to the extent that buddhist philosophy is generally fragile to misdefinitions , so that this possible misunderstanding was illustrated as a misunderstanding from the get go . 
  i also completely disagree in posters gloss of nekkhamma as `` not giving a shit '' . 
  spent some time digging up references to so demonstrate , a waste ... 
  really , wtf, 
  i 'm very sorry for your situation . 
  that is a damn unlucky short time to explore possibilities of life . 
  though , wonder to what extent having lived a full life actually helps in making death itself a less distressing prospect . 
  what they have is merely a neat narrative about themselves before having died . 
  developing protagonist , struggles , allies and enemies , great deeds complete with a satisfying closure . 
  like a tidy little novel . 
  and this definitely does provide psychological comfort . 
  however strong our self-narrative impulse might be , i 'm not that sure it really offers a more persuasive stand against the gargantuan void of nonexistence surrounding us from both temporal sides of our life than any of the other familiar responses to it ( eg seeking `` immortality '' in offspring or remembrance or fame , any of which lasts insignificantly longer than the life itself , in cosmic terms - and i 'm not sure what makes one think prolongation as such is a meaningful goal anyhow - sounds more like a projection of the desire for just not physically dying to some abstract realm - which are actually quite different things ) , including religious delusions . 
  anyhow , at least you 've got an approximate and likely expiration date ( could n't resist the pun , sry :d ) , rather than just wide uncertainty on the matter , so you can try prioritizing your desires , if your medical condition permits , with greater efficiency then most of us . 
  so as a feeble attempt at an advice , attempting to use the dubious advantage from the paragraph above and consideration at the start - if you have the opportunity given your condition , try seeing what you still can do , prioritizing wisely , to to fulfill your actual current desires and ambitions ( apart from the one about not dying i mean ) not necessarily just so you can achieve some better `` closure '' of a `` fuller life '' - for how exactly would that help , honestly ? 
  but just the sake of the desires and the ambitions themselves . 
  whatever they may think , nobody really gets much more than that anyhow . 
  tried my hand at digging up some religious ( buddhist , my occasional indulgence in trying to dig up an interesting thought from superstitious traditions ) quotes on death - no dice , nothing too profound but long-winded drilling in the point that ofc things die , all do , what 's the point of frustrating oneself about it , and of avoiding identifying with youth , sensual experiences , body , mental experiences etc altogether . 
  thank you for motivating me to contemplate death for a while !, 
  this is a poe right ? 
  if not made up , you had a short , as was obvious at step one , ohm reader ca n't read the resistance . 
  then you moronically proceeded to connect that to a battery and fire it , repeatedly , and by some stroke of luck still have all your fingers and your jaw in place afterwards . 
  hmm, 
  al bilo bi jos interesantnije da actually ima neke osnove ? 
  thoughts ? 
  mah , ` tis just trolling http://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/2g5qhv/soo_my_mod_caught_fire_need_help/ckfwle5 i hope ... 
  but i have the same worry . 
   i do n't speak any croatian , i should learn :( but i do n't know where to learn . 
  if this is a matter of honest curiosity about your roots or just curiosity in general , sure go for it - but just because you have citizenship should n't push you into learning a difficult language that you can barely use for anything . 
  well , i guess there 's a few books worth reading in the original ... 
  re difficulty - idk even toddlers can do it , but people tell me its difficult for them ; and i 've heard english speakers sound awful after half a decade of living here - while a bulgarian girl with a knack for languages sounds absolutely perfect at most 2 years after having started , when i met her . 
  and english is fairly widely known here , at some level at least , so some beginner level of croatian might not even afford many more opportunities for communication either . 
  i 'd def rather just speak english with someone than struggle with someone 's broken croatian . 
  so that erodes the benefits further . 
  you 're a citizen no matter what - be it your identity or just a legal formality to you , its not conditioned on you knowing the language in either case . 
  honestly , rather learn german , or spanish , hell or mandarin etc if its just a generic matter of wanting to know an extra language ; especially if you do n't currently speak but english ( though i guess you prob know some french ? ) . 
  unless you 're either really curious about this one in particular or already know a few more fairly well , what will be the payoff for the substantial effort it will require ? 
  effort probably greater than the one that put in something else could open up say a much richer cache of internet sites , tv , film , literature , idk opera - cultural works in general and a far greater number of speakers you might contact/visit etc if spent otherwise ? 
  yes , definitely , and she knows a few other slavic languages , and is a linguist and a translator by profession . 
  oh no , the submission says by [ deleted ] now , so soon after the cakeday !, 
  wow plants are devious , so they hook insects on drugs to get them to pollinate them , and also kill them with an overdose . 
  yeah but these do n't differentiate from preudorandomness . 
  '' [ pseudorandom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pseudorandomness ) sequences typically exhibit statistical randomness while being generated by an entirely deterministic causal process '', 
  this is talking about true randomness , as you can see `` it 's actually impossible for a computer , following a predefined algorithm , to generate a truly random number , '', 
   i plan to automate this , too , by providing a front-end high-level language similar to haskell that compiles to morte :, 
  would n't it be ideal if one could just fork the ghc frontend to do this ? 
  is it that tightly tied to the intermediate language , given that quite a few revisions to the intermediate language were made in past years ? 
  well , fair point . 
  but at least for some processes we actually are totally sure that they statistically look random but they are really deterministic . 
  for others , at least plausibly they are not a product of a deterministic casual process . 
  the latter are called `` truly '' random . 
  and the distinction is crucial to this particular article , regardless of its philosophical status . 
  for making a phone generate pseudorandomness is certainly not deserving of an article , but an everyday affair . 
   computer generated pseudorandom numbers can be cracked with known techniques, 
  yes in principle . 
  in practice , this is exponentially difficult , or depends on the encoder not having enough true randomness ( from external factors like i/o timing and the like ) even for seeding the pseudorandom algorithms unpredictably . 
  come to think of it , ni umrtvo . 
  no thx , necu tako govorit . 
  well his setup does n't seem unreasonable . 
  - great charger , you need it ;, 
  - cotton ca n't do without ;, 
  - precise ohm meter - you 're irresponsible if rebuilding without it ;, 
  - multimeter certainly handy ;, 
  - kanthal what will you rebuild without it ;, 
  - precision screwdrivers got ta coil around something , need to tighten those center posts, 
  - plliers and wire cutters since you 're squeezing and cutting a wire, 
  - a rebuildable dripper when you feel like dripping, 
  - a rebuildable tank when you dont . 
  and you need at least two of each part of a setup so you do n't go back to smoking when something breaks, 
  - a mod for each . 
  how else is he gon na connect these to a battery, 
  - batteries since these things run on batteries, 
  - egos and tanks with premade coils and a charger well he had to start with something, 
  - various boxes and spare parts you get those whether you want them or not, 
  - juice what else is he gon na vape, 
  hm , why would a catholic wish to excuse circumcision ? 
  not a custom they practice ? 
  or do they in the us ? 
  a tldr is scientific evidence strongly supports that you 're doing yourself a favor if switching from a cigarette . 
  you certainly are n't if you 're not a smoker , though we really do n't know if even that would be a cause for any concern . 
  this is a well argued and well referenced article for the general public on the matter by clive bates , touching on the state of the now fairly divisive public health discussion on the matter http://www.pharmaceutical-journal.com//opinion/stop-demonising-a-potentially-useful-product-for-smokers/20066415.fullarticle, 
  if you need a more solidly supported case and discussion on the matter read further , i 'll take it as an opportunity to review for my own benefit , what i know on the matter :, 
  stick to secondary peer reviewed literature on the matter of safety :, 
  - http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2458/14/18 full text of `` peering through the mist : systematic review of what the chemistry of contaminants in electronic cigarettes tells us about health risks '' metastudy from 9 january 2014 is available - there 's a pdf link on the side with clear tables for all contaminants - it searched over 9000 peer-reviewed works on levels of various contaminants in the ecig aerosol , and compared them to conservative workplace exposure standards . 
   `` current state of knowledge about chemistry of liquids and aerosols associated with electronic cigarettes indicates that there is ** no evidence that vaping produces inhalable exposures to contaminants of the aerosol that would warrant health ** concerns by the standards that are used to ensure safety of workplaces . 
  however , the aerosol generated during vaping as a whole ( ** contaminants plus declared ingredients ) creates personal exposures that would justify surveillance of health among exposed persons ** in conjunction with investigation of means to keep any adverse health effects as low as reasonably achievable . 
  exposures of bystanders are likely to be orders of magnitude less , and thus pose no apparent concern . '', 
  conclusion explains the latter part thus :,
