  hehehe , and that 's after 5 books of cca 1000pg each :p yup , that 's been keeping fans in knots for , what , decades now :d but a berserk fan can sympathize i think :p, 
  the work is just huge , with a plethora of point-of-view characters and subplots , and the middle part rather slow even at that . 
  though i think its got the potential to be the best part of it , depending on how he resolves the mess . 
   an anime about children playing with virtual reality by wearing glasses that allows them access to a digital landscape and interact with visualized data of the city they live in, 
  hm , a blurb on mal made me thing this show is about augmented reality , not virtual reality . 
  so which is it ? 
  do they access a purely separate synthetic world with the glasses ala sao , log horizon etc , or does their normal reality become overlayed and blurred with the synthetic content - in which case its called augmented reality ? 
  you mentioned a lot of topics , but i 'm unsure , what kind of role does the technology play here ? 
  i do n't mean merely plot-wise , but thematically . 
  is it say an sf exploration of the implications of augmented reality ( and technology shock generally ) ala vinge 's rainbow 's end ? 
  or some dickean concern about the reality of the real , ie simulacra ? 
  you mentioned it deals with a lot of themes ( though i think all art at its core need have a single unifying theme ) and most sound like on a drama side of things rather than making a high-concept show , which could be in tension with the high-concept sf premise , depending on what they do with it . 
  so , how does it all hang together ? 
  i 'd be disappointed if say the sf elements were even introduced if their point is nothing but say escapist window dressing on a story about growing up or the like . 
  not because i have anything against such stories , on the contrary , but because of adding any such mere window dressing . 
  i personally hated it . 
  first episode seemed promising , but it seemed to quickly devolve into pointless monster of the week till it wore my patience down . 
  regarding its aspirations to psychological deconstruction , it imho flatly collapsed under its ambition . 
  evangelion itself was a fine balancing act and even that still does n't work for many people , this is just weaker enough to completely fail . 
  oh , a very nice list . 
  do you have other such . jpg anime guides/recommends ? 
   the show is more about the small scale social implications of publicly available technology . 
  the role of the ar is that it creates the friendships between the characters , and their estrangement from their families , and poses the question whether emotional investment in virtual things is justifiable . 
  exactly the kind of explanation i was going for , thx !, 
  will be upping the priority on watching it :d, 
  what an amazing coincidence . 
  i finished it like minutes ago . 
  marathoned through it . 
  even though i only meant to watch an episode or two . 
  then tried bargaining with myself to stop the marathon at half ... 
  i 'll see how long it takes for me to recover from the experience but its certainly one of the strongest i 've yet had . 
  the author is , i read , an anthropologist ? 
  it certainly has that fell . 
  when the shaman character first appears , even not knowing anything about this , my first thoughts were how well it captured the gist of shamanic worldview , just in the first shots of the character . 
  an eccentric healer experiencing visions of a parallel naturalistic spirit world , traveling outside his/her body , conversing with the said spirits ... worldbuilding is full of such cultural mannirisms , from the village customs , storytelling and singing , to stricture of imperial ritual and form , that would usually be easily thrown aside in a narrative as a ( rather cheap ) show of , say , emotional intensity . 
  `` nahji no uta '' is a plausible folk song - with themes relevant to village life , told and sung in a manner a village might . 
  parallel `` spirit '' world is not one of magic , or polar metaphysical forces , but of a natural cycles of its own . 
  this anime i think is not really fantasy at all , since that usually has the meaning of an essentially universal or even modern plot , and one definitely told in a decidedly modern style ( like say `` song of ice and fire '' ) . 
  it is rather essentially a piece of fictional folklore . 
  i wo n't waste my breath on characters , choreography , art and sound , for i have little to add . 
  cinematography is indeed fascinating . 
  edit : like the final shot of the main fight - you know exactly what needs to happen , but simple narrative release of tension , camerawork , folksong-induced atmosphere and the pure subconscious power of the rejuvenation-of-nature folk myth itself , that makes its variants so common across cultures , completing its cycle , and a really peculiar feeling where a greater force takes control of the narration that is in a sense still unresolved - the characters and you left in that mythical mindset of an unreasonable expectation that nevertheless needs and clearly will happen , and that requires no intervention in the order of things , but mere unfolding of the myth , exited and awed - make for one amazingly potent scene . 
  here the credit is surely on kimiyama 's direction . 
  the only thing i really hate here is how damn noble everyone is . 
  but occasionally the shaman . 
  yeah , its great that its not a chiaroscuro conflict of moral worlds ala lord of the rings , but rather legend of the galactic heroes-like conflict of good and good , but i 'd really wish anime in general had a bit more flawed characters . 
  / edit, 
  i was interested in looking at how production i.g. 
  progressed in cg blending since gits sac ( and before arise ) here , and it is pretty damn good imho . 
  one thing i noticed was how much they use `` deep space '' for 2d as well , presumably making cg less surprising given the context . 
  whatever shots i looked , there was plenty to imply perspective - shots from angles of buildings , roads with a vanishing point , explicit lines with say tatami squares etc. 
  and camera was quite free , again adding depth to the scenes . 
  ofc occasionally i 'd wonder if they botched a scene here or there ( for eg , i think there 's a subtle perspective mismatch in some scenes in that pillar gallery , since contacts in some seemed somewhat off ) , but overall i think rather decent , especially for someone not hunting for the clues as i was . 
  only thing i was repeatedly and decidedly not sold on , was how the very few and short point of view shots looked conspicuous , but then again even that might be just conditioning , since such camera movement itself so strongly suggests the third dimension , plus in terms of cinematographic narration as well , contrasts with the third perspective otherwise used . 
  hm , ca n't remember the exact situation though its only been months since i 've seen it . 
  at that point though , i do n't remember being stumped by plot holes . 
  do n't remember how it was revealed to the lead himself , but the site was written by the `` main '' neet group , so they 'd obv know . 
  there is a rather obnoxiously fanciful scene in the anime though , i think ( ? ), 
  its a bit later than that ? 
  do n't approach it as a story about the game , ` tis just a contrivance to explore societal questions , not something the show seriously plays ala say death note . 
  with haskell , just use explicit { } and ; and you 're no worse off than with c dialects . 
  its not python after all - layout in haskell is completely optional , if near-ubiquitously used . 
   nobody ever uses this so i do n't even really know, 
  heh , in do notation at least , actually peyton-jones himself frequently uses it . 
  in his examples he puts on slides at least . 
  for more stylistic contrast of monadic and functional-style code , i think he said . 
  uhm , did you say you want dialogue during the fighting ? 
  i guess a lot of anime does it , but i always found its a tired cliche . 
  trying to kill one another is about the least plausible time to pause for a chat i can imagine . 
  i 'd really rather see fluid animation and good choreography if there 's a fighting scene . 
  and make the characters shut up and try to kill each other for real , the first moment an opening in the opponent 's defenses arises . 
  honestly i wish `` fanservice '' would start consisting of straight-up foreplay and fucking scenes as opposed to the tropish contrivances . 
  as it does in most live action . 
  people cuddle and have sex rather regularly in their lives , so there should be non-4th wall breaking chances of introducing some minutes watching characters at it . 
  at least its atmospheric and makes you horny . 
  `` mine fujiko '' kinda does it directly like that , and even makes plot-use of sexuality decently . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what animated accidental boob grabs pr panty shots are supposed to be doing for me at all . 
  edit : oh apologies for the necro , got carried away while reading the discussion . 
  well i went and read what he said so two things come to mind - not that the review in question has that much substance , but :, 
  1 ) archaeon 's review actually complimented nge 's animation so i do n't see why you bring that up . 
  rather , he thought the characters are both implausible and dislikable , and that the plot has crucial holes . 
  next , your comment, 
  edit - these parts :, 
   but he ca n't review correctly . 
  ... while making a terrible review of my favorite anime ... no way in hell you give it a 5/10 . 
  even if the animation is outdated it is one of the best . 
  / edit, 
  ... makes its sound like a review is `` incorrect '' because it happens to have a rating you disagree with - but this is just childish . 
  tastes legitimately vary , and what you think of `` one of the best '' will no doubt have people who find it merely mediocre . 
  putting aside the matter of whether his reviews are shit or not , nge has been a subject of controversy since the day it aired . 
  no , not because of the animation , but mainly for the pretensions of the plot that some may feel it just does n't justify in execution . 
  so you should hardly be stumped by finding someone on the other side of that divide . 
  also , i do want the premise ( and themes , and strong points ) of the work explained in a review , it 'll help me decide whether i 'm interested or not . 
  probably more than ratings and reviewer 's opinions for we could easily disagree . 
  i 've recently started using [ taiga ] ( http://taiga.erengy.com/ ) with it , thx to some denizen of this sub mentioning it in some thread . 
  and have been loving it . 
  i 'd be far less regular in updating the list were it not always there in my tray . 
  takes care of the dates too . 
  so it made both parts of the ` history ' tab of malgraph actually useful . 
  searching of the list is better as well .
