  presumption was 3ml/day , giving 1200ug/day . 
  niosh safety limits were not set based on the risk for developing popcorn lung , a really rare syndrome , but based on the increased risk of obstructive lung disease , raising for eg 6 times in workers in popcorn flavoring factories , even in non-smokers . 
  limit is set for 1 in 1000 chance of developing that , fairly similar though distinct for smoker 's copd , certainly any effects thereof in smoke subsumed under that diagnosis in the general population at least . 
  this is at concentrations of workplace exposure much lower than what we 'd subject ourselves to by vaping a liquid such as this though . 
  i 'm paraphrasing a few unrelatedly stated claims by dr farsalinos here , as stated in the recent clickbang show . 
  certain creeping level of conspiratorial thinking here around the danger of diketons is a bit worrying . 
  has this subreddit become filled with toxicology experts , familiar with the relevant literature and hence capable of giving an informed judgement on the matter of the toxicity of diketons ? 
  is n't it prudent to defer such a judgement then to people possessing such expertise , as documented in workplace exposure limits and the like , than to expect an online forum to `` put up or shut up '' about such risks ? 
  a highly counter-precautionary stance , in a field guided by conservative estimates and wide margins of safety , as well as a fairly unrealistic demand from a bunch of layman such as yourself or myself online . 
  on the contrary , baselessly suggesting these are a product of mere fear-mongering seems a far more frequent reaction here . 
  i think the poster above misunderstood , i just finished listening to it . 
  relevant discussion is around 49:00 in https://soundcloud.com/vp-live/suicide-bunny-e-liquids-test-positive, 
  the difference basically is that in combustion , it is a consequence of that combustion hence unavoidable . 
  in ecig otoh it certainly is avoidable ; it is from the liquid , an added ingredient ( or when in a low quantities , as a contaminant of another flavoring ) , hence avoidable , particularly considering the testing for it is relatively inexpensive , for an industrial process at least . 
  i think you got confused here - the difference he discusses around minute 49:00 in https://soundcloud.com/vp-live/suicide-bunny-e-liquids-test-positive is basically that w ecig its avoidable , while with a cig , its a product of combustion not an additive and hence unavoidable . 
  seems to be villified based on an officially recognised toxic cemical lab tests confirmed to be in their liquids at levels much , much greater than workplace exposure limits . 
  ahd yeah re conflicting statements might have something to do with exactly what i described in the latter two paragraphs : speaking with mere layman online . 
  i tried to quote a noted expert at least , but what does that show ... 
  apparently judging by the reactions such as these , it will be necessary for the fda to regulate juices . 
  did something ? 
  what they did was attempt to hide how dangerous their juices potentially are for one 's health !, 
  testing for diacetyl but not ap really has no excuse nor any point . 
  and note they claimed to be free of both , in an official communication . 
  not a single one at levels greater than a few percent of the worplace exposure limits . 
  have n't you read `` peering through the mist '' or any of the current ecig toxicity studies , and literature overviews ? 
  except diketons . 
  found in average at levels twice those limits . 
  or at nine times those levels in case of suicidebunny , apparently one of the worst offenders . 
  and unlike the rest of that shit , these are n't even unavoidable contaminants , but are put there on purpose , to get certain types of flavor . 
  bunch of juices have none . 
  there is a fairly wide literature testing toxicity of ecigarettes . 
  common literature overviews cover thousands of studies on the matter , each testing a range of products . 
  farsalinos study alone tested , what 150ish juices ? 
  anyhow , results are consistent and systematic . 
  based on overshooting ap worplace exposure limits 9 times , compared to an average of 2x the limit . 
  what personality 's word ? 
  dr. farsalinos is a personality to you ? 
  or is the linked test someone 's word to you ? 
  oh most definitely ; i 'm on a different continent , never having seen sb live or heard of it but on reddit . 
  i do think this one business was at the very least negligent over the safety of their customers however , based on the data i 've seen . 
  well , yeah i guess the sample could have been tampered with . 
  that sounds like a stretch to me though . 
  a conspiracy against sb complete with planting evidence ? 
  what we got is consistent with them using it as a flavoring , not particularly suspicious . 
  that sb published results of their owh testing , where they tested for diacetyl only , while claiming to be free of both in recorded communication , is already a questionable circumstance . 
  if they know what they 're doing they 'd have tested for both themselves , for it makes little sense do only check for diacetyl . 
  if they do n't , this in itself sounds like negligence . 
  to see a result such as this from an independent test fits perfectly , giving a rational motive to this otherwise odd behavior . 
  as to slander and campaigning , i 'm discussing ecig safety on an online forum to the extent i care about the topic ; hardly a campaign . 
  as to slander , if that 's a legal warning , i 'm perfectly positive i have nothing to legally fear , if for no other reason , then for the complications of such an international lawsuit for minimal gain and on dubious grounds . 
  but thank you for caring about my safety . 
  oh sure idk , seems to me this specific drama is pretty much done . 
  no doubt plenty of other small producers are in the same boat as these anyhow , hopefully they wo n't handle it quite this bad . 
  nice , good !, 
  a cheesy nitpick would be that its not ever 4.2 v either ; there 'll be some sag . 
  at around 10-15a it wo n't ever give but less than 4v : http://lygte-info.dk/review/batteries2012/sony%20us18650vtc5%202600mah%20%28green%29%20uk.html, 
  some places at least seem to say they 're rewrapped vtc4s . 
  makes sense given the specs . 
  i do n't know of independent tests to confirm this, 
  over-current circuitry specs is hardly a good guide for a build . 
  handling it in the off chance of a short ! = handling it repeatedly , with pauses far too short to even cool back down . 
  sve u svemu , treba vidit detalje , al ovo je x1000 smislenije od one [ retardirane ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/2gjqcg/preferential_voting_referendum/ckl0ioy ) inicijative . 
  latter ; they just claim to be selling the stuff for the purpose of chewing to get around the laws, 
   i am not saying people should not report crime . 
  i 'd say someone possibly smoking weed is none of their bloody business regardless . 
  um , impersonating the police ? 
  how exactly is this different from `` sharia police '' case in germany ? 
  hm , could be . 
  looks like a police uniform . 
  is the real one much different ? 
  uniformed people are inherently intimidating , so seeing something like this is unnerving . 
  if they 're not abusing this power , nice , but they should n't have it in the first place . 
  they can help out drunks in regular civilian clothes as well . 
  uniforms were the only thing `` sharia police '' case had on the people doing that as well ; fact they were advocating a religious rule not being a crime . 
  fair points . 
  i probably overreacted thinking of that other case . 
  oh sure others could provide the same service or better having proper qualifications for this kind of service ; at the same time they 're perfectly within their rights to engage in charitable work too , presuming that 's what they 're doing . 
  and if they do happen to do it for ulterior motives and slip a mention of god , that 's within their rights as well . 
  if they 're not agressive to the point of people reporting them , and if they are n't prosecutable for the dress code as being an impersonation of officials , you ca n't do shit to them in any free society . 
  tu ima neka distinkcija ? 
  legally different . 
  the fact the `` sharia police '' preached did not make their acts illegal , for the freedom to preach is protected in the german constitution . 
  they can accost anyone about anything and this will be just as permitted as handing out water and food to drunks to help them home safely . 
  in fact [ christian groups ] ( http://www.diakonie-hamburg.de/web/visitenkarte/--streetwork---die-heilsarmee-missionsteam-hamburg-arbeiten-auf-dem-kiez-858230 ) have been doing just that in [ reeperbahn ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=hr&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.tagesspiegel.de%2fpolitik%2fscharia-polizei-und-religionsfreiheit-wer-sich-provozieren-laesst-nutzt-den-extremisten%2f10663434.html ) street hamburg for instance way before the `` sharia police '' case . 
  only the fact they impersonated officials did make a difference . 
   they are uniformed , sing , play music loud , distribute gifts , proselytize , painting with chalk bible verses on the sidewalk . 
  sometimes they think also slogans such as : `` the reeperbahn brings death , but jesus brings life . '', 
  my term for this is `` street evangelism '' . 
  at their headquarters in the valley road , a few meters from the reeperbahn , is in the red , orange writing `` jesus is alive '', 
  so a uniformed christian group is suspicious as well . 
  but the other poster has a point , if the uniforms really are so basic to barely deserve the name and quite different from actual uniforms . 
  sharia police on the other hand used real traffic control vests . 
  wow . 
  linkovi su fora ( ajd il bar ovaj s mornarom ) , to s fb ? 
  ovaj zadnji i did the right thing pa sam se upisao ko ateist . 
  ha , di si to iscitao ? 
   lazy coward who will not actually do anything to repeal this oh-so-horrible law . 
  nah , its just rhetoric to get the right-wing vote . 
  he needs to solidify the support of his base first if he 's to get a chance of being elected again . 
  he needs to win his party nomination against a few significant contenders .
