  ** the vast majority of, 
  predicted exposures are < < 1 % of tlv . 
  predicted exposures to acrolein and formaldehyde are typically < 5 % tlv . 
  considering exposure to the aerosol as a mixture of contaminants did not indicate that exceeding half of tlv for, 
  mixtures was plausible . 
  ** only exposures to the declared major ingredients - propylene glycol and glycerin - warrant, 
  attention ** because of precautionary nature of tlvs for exposures to hydrocarbons with no established toxicity . 
  gankutsuou : most specifically fabrics/clothing . 
  more generally , the flamboyant extravagant artstyle , so suited to depicting decadent aristocracy at its peak . 
  ginga eiyuu densetsu - probably the spaciotemporal scale of its no-nonsense worldbuilding . 
  also , in meticulous , systematic development of its theme in all its permutations . 
  mushishi in creating and so successfully maintaining its earthen , animistic and thick , show-defining atmosphere . 
  berserk probably in tragedy . 
  i imagined it to be more like a chess/xiangqi/shogi variant , as opposed to these attack and defense ratings on pieces . 
  is there a textual source for such an approach ? 
   if you 've never watched either , i recommend both . 
  but , should i cut my teeth on the reboot or go chronologically ? 
  yeah , sounds like i might like it better chronologically then . 
  slow-moving should be a blessing to a lotgh fan like me . 
  thx, 
  ugh , i hope the word `` trap '' is n't how you 'd call an actual genderqueer person . 
  edit : i 'm confused , does one really not find such terms rather disrespectful , as if such gender expression is aimed at entrapment ? 
  or is dissing queer folk ok by / r/anime standards ? 
  hm , actually i 've been thinking about characters , and have come to disagree . 
  my current take is that characters are in the end simply a writer 's tool and as such , can perform their function in many ways . 
  indeed a creative use of characterisation is most welcome . 
  for example , if realism was the aim , the proper way for a writer to depict the characters may be to make them quite bland and certainly static ( unless the plot onfolds over say decades ) . 
  they are displaying only their public persona , we may possibly be viewing them only from a limited point of view , his/her thematic point or opinion may be that people are n't actually particularly complex but say driven by predictable desires and instincts , or maybe no characters are of great importance and/or theiy quirks are irrelevant to his storytelling strategy to warrant exploration of their possibly existing complexities . 
  point is myriad of reasons and approaches are possible , one should actively avoid proscribing `` canon '' ways of doing things , for doing things by canon is almost a recipe for churning out mediocre shows . 
  now as to the typical characters that function well in many common types of narratives told , even then i 'm not sure i 'd agree with quite a few criteria . 
  one is development . 
  if the narrative told is episodic , this would be downright inappropriate . 
  if the temporal scale is limited , characters , or at least those not transformed by whatever the events happen to be , they might be better off static . 
  or perhaps the story being told has an alegorical character and needs to personify otherwise abstract notions or drives in a stable manner . 
  further , if the story is n't of realistic psychological bent , they need not be relatable really . 
  perhaps they 're actually an appealing nexus of the story precisely by being alien . 
  perhaps the story generally avoids overlyemotional relationship with the narrative and strives for , for example , intellectual understanding instead . 
  tldr : there 's a lot of ways characters can be great , making them in themselves strong can be sometimes inappropriate . 
  someone might have stronger characterisation by being a weaker character , in the sense you seem to be delineating - which seems very much about conspicously jumping out of the screen , if you will . 
  could be , but recognise that you 've just effectively dismissed any argument that could be derived from the graph , and introduced a completely different one . 
  and i think this is right . 
  i would n't be surprised the hunch author has is on the right track . 
  but the approach to arguing it via by-year mal graph - ie starting from a sample biased on so many ways and then trying to do statistics based on such a biased sample - is just utterly flawed . 
  textbook gigo . 
  the starting distribution will no doubt be biased towards newer stuff , and the sample for significantly older stuff will be quite small . 
  so in the end you have pretty much no signal in your dataset . 
  however , a sample of just a dozen shows is so meaninglessly small that you can not really expect any 0.5 - 1 grade differences to be anything more than mere random drift . 
  your conclusions - really any conclusions one might wish to draw from an approach like this - are simply an abuse of statistics . 
   abuse is a really strong word , especially for something this silly . 
  i was thinking whether i was overemphasizing my point there or not . 
  plz chalk it up to mere rhetoric . 
  idk seems to me the dataset is really too imperfect to do much with it . 
  but here specifically i was complaining about the sample size for some earlier years . 
  12 shows , that 's surely too small . 
  tough , i guess if you averaged it by decade it would n't be that terrible , and judging how 80s look there , likely you 'd reach similar conclusions . 
  anyhow , its an interesting experiment , which may or may not be indicative ( i could spin stories of reasonable actual changes just as easily as ones of statistical biases ) but actually drawing conclusions from it is unsound simply because you ca n't plausibly characterize the original distribution . 
  i 'll think about the matter further , perhaps i nag you about methodology further . 
  could you do an experiment - how would some say top-n shows curves look like ? 
  just a graph with a couple of curves showing say top , top-5 , top-10 , top-20 rating for each year ? 
  edit and how would geometric and harmonic means look like ? 
  / edit i 'm wondering if one is seeing 90s as a proliferation of trash `` below '' the famous shows , maybe some rush in some market , or are the averages generally falling ? 
  its not about expertise , but really just about your taste in entertainment . 
  could you actually enjoy a more-of-the-same show , would n't it quickly become boring - or do you prefer to see something thrillingly new ? 
  either answer is a matter of personal preference , many people do have fairly conservative tastes , where they know what they like and do n't mind more of the same . 
  others are quickly bored , or would rather just rewatch a favorite than bother with what seems a poor knockoff etc , and expect the show to distinguish itself in a greater extent . 
  but in either case , its about how you get your kicks , not about expertise . 
  i think the fraction of the audience more inclined towards novelty is at a disadvantage however , for experimentation increases risks to the publishers . 
  so they get what they want disproportionately less often . 
  and a similarly obvious jump in ratings just after that , in the mid 00s . 
  if this is n't some artifact , can this have to do with diffusion of some computer-assisted workflows perhaps ? 
  cutting costs first , then raising the bar , say ? 
  oh a very informative analysis , thank you . 
  rough picture seems to be kinda like what i suggested , only the second phase is said to also be bluray tech . 
  thx for your effort !, 
  yeah , that 'll be lotgh effect . 
   there 's very little doubt recent years have been one of the stronger ones . 
  entire last decade really . 
  we have a clear trend from early 90s to mid 00s , but 04-14 as well as the 80s seem rather static . 
  and that is true about the number of shows as well - a ramp in the roughly corresponding period , preceded and followed by a rather stable decade . 
  also spreads look tighter now . 
  maybe this is indicative of more quality shows , maybe the rankings are getting compressed from above when approaching 9 , since nobody can give it more than 10 , so the gaussian has its upper wing clipped . 
  anyhow , the only thing that strikes me as odd is that there is no visible bump in any of these graphs , except in the explosion of the number of shows , when late night tv happened in late 90s/early00s . 
  i think that much 's got ta be systematics . 
  edit : though , looking at the comparison , they do n't align great do they ? 
  here rankings are basically stable from 2004 on , on the other graph , its the middle of the ramp . 
  here the turn of the millennium , ie late night tv start , is rather competitive in its peaks but the spreads are higher . 
  on the other graph , its pretty much the bottom of trash . 
  agreed , data for 90 's and early 00s is prob fine . 
  even for 80s , its probably sensible on a decade level , even if individual years are too noisy due to a small sample size . 
  prior is prob correct too , in that it reflects an infant industry . 
  re the recency effect - but the average one comes to a plateau later than the top-n ones . 
  maybe for some reason the top shows are n't the ones to be disproportionally hit by it ? 
  a possible reason its the ratings compression from above that i mentioned . 
  ratings of top shows are already squeezed because 10 is the highest rating . 
  what makes it difficult for their ratings go even higher also makes the rating more resistant to drifting further down . 
  completely agreed !, 
  watching some older ovas . 
  gratuitous nudity seems common , and i find it rather nice ( though i 'm not into girls , still there 's enjoyable sexual tension it creates for the protagonists ) . 
  and its quite random , but crucially does n't jerk you out of the immersion from the story . 
  at worst you get to see some narratively irrelevant shots that are nevertheless worldbuilding and realistc given the setting .
