  my god . 
  this bracket is a disgusting slaughter . 
  i do n't really see the point of voting anymore . 
  i wish it had lost to jin rou the first round ... 
  but god damn that recency effect is soooo op . 
  and sooo short - penguindrum is a relatively recent show , its 11 ' , not 81 ' ffs . 
  why exactly - lots of people get into anime by watching them seasonally but quickly give up ? 
  then a new crop comes along ad infinitum ? 
  basically an eternal september situation ? 
  or is it something else ? 
  its got ta be . 
  it 's only been , what 1/2 a year since his `` when marnie was there '' . 
  sounds like he took care of the loose ends after the last big project and moved on . 
   penguindrum should have lost last round , but i can at least respect that it won . 
  ahh , i 've yet to see or read adachi 's jewel to judge that matchup , but if it had lost against it there , y symmetrically , i could 've respected that . 
  agreed . 
  would be fun to see how often you can predict the outcome just based on which is the more recent show . 
   i can say a whole lot about cross game and that i rank it amongst my top 5 shows , but the show advertises itself . 
  just give it a shot , it has one of the best first episodes out there , so it 'll hook you immediately . 
  thx for an extra push !, 
  oh no doubt i will watch it rather soon , already in the ptw and i 'm familiar with its reputation . 
  the way to pose the question about the power of recency is not to seek examples nor counterexamples , but to see how good a predictor of a win it would be across the entire sample . 
  re this logic :, 
   naturally , popular recent shows are going to get more love because that is what / r/anime is watching now and thus a favorite for the current populace . 
  well , there 's nothing at all natural about this , and so that 's exactly what i 'm asking - it is just the eternal september effect ? 
  its odd to think normally most people would stop watching anime typically within a few years , more bizarre even than that to think the things they 're currently watching would need become their all-time favorites . 
   nostalgia is just as powerful as recency . 
  as they say , [ citation needed ] . 
   i do n't see this as a recency effect , the fans did n't pull through . 
  what is this , a battle of warring tribes or a sample vote ? 
  there is no reason to presume the first sample is any more representative than this one . 
  and the size of the population from which we 're drawing this sample is apparently heavily biased according to recency . 
  simple - its a distilled awkward-teenage-boy 's sexual power fantasy basically . 
  they hard-sell to a targeted demographic . 
   the fewer anime you watch , the easier it is to have an all time favorite ,, 
  right . 
  that could be a significant part of it . 
  re nostalgia , i simply mean , it appears that recency - boosting new shows simply by them being new shows - is a repeatable effect across various metrics . 
  on the other hand , nostalgia for old shows as old shows ( as it would need to be for symmetry - say `` 90s anime and their look appeal to me because i watched a lot of those in some formative years or whatever '' ) while it individually happens , does n't seem to leave that many systematic traces on our evaluation of old shows , so is quite unlikely comparably powerful . 
  you can see for eg recency at work in how mal rankings drop over time ; you ca n't really see them start to creep back up . 
  so that 's why i thought its prob a false equivalence to say recency and nostalgia are comparable . 
  that is recency , that is the phenomena you 're apparently attempting to claim is nonexistent by refocusing the debate merely on popularity . 
  yeah sure , popular things pass , you 're simply stating the almost tautologically obvious . 
  the matter at hand is are there systematic biases in what * gets to become * `` popular things '' , and specifically , how strong a predictor is its age in particular . 
  yeah sure , again seed is a predictor because it constitutes a preliminary popularity test it is such essentially by definition - but this again is avoiding rather than shooting down the issue of how strong a predictor mere passage of time ( or lack thereof ) is in making certain shows have a particular popularity . 
  obviously and luckily , older shows can still eek out wins at least in some cases where these older show have managed to build up a reputation for themselves . 
  its bizarre to call this nostalgia ; one would indeed normally expect the better shows to establish themselves as such precisely by transcending being a mere belle de jour . 
   but what i 'm saying is n't anything related to sample size . 
  there were literally 1506 people who voted for penguindrum in round 1 . 
  there were not 1506 people that voted for it in round 2 . 
  whether it was the same people or not , the fact is there were enough people who could have voted it through but they did n't . 
  respectfully i think you completely missed the point . 
  what could have happened used as an argument about the results of a poll in which you yourself note only a fraction of readers participates ?? 
  this is like saying that results of elections say little about the biases of the voting population because enough of these stayed at home that , were the supporters of the losing party to have simply mobilized better and voted more , they had the numbers to reverse the result . 
  any vote is taking a sample from a population ( i do n't think i mentioned sample size for it does n't have much to do with it ) . 
  sure , an unlikely biased mobilization could have happened occasionally , but overall usually what we 'll have is comparably shitty mobilization for either party in either round . 
  and this is exactly what you 're saying , as the sample size dropped , so did both the candidates . 
  this supports that the outcome of their matchup is in fact plausibly representative . 
  voting is always done precisely as a practical proxy for tentatively establishing the inclinations of the population that is eligible for the vote ( and whose inclinations are not accessible to analysis in any more direct form ) , and not as a mere game for the voters to play - because drawing such inferences is not unjustified , and is the more interesting question than the mere trivia of which voting tribe won . 
  as such , the fact both series lost roughly comparable percentages means the match was a rather plausibly fair representation of the positions of the eligible population , and so this result in particular plausibly * does * speak of the inclinations of the eligible population . 
  and then we 're back to the question of whether recency effect is the likely reason . 
  btw while on the topic of sample size , a sample size of 4000 is actually plenty ; were it a representative sample of such a size , this is enough for precision to within around 1 % . 
  it is a general rule that it is never what percentage of the entire population is sampled that is important in terms of its precision , but the size of the sample itself . 
  a random sample of 1000 would give you a result that is within few % of how the entire population would vote ( with a confidence of say 95 % ) if it were to have voted regardless of whether that entire population is 2000 , 20000 , 2000000 , or however many zeroes you want to add to it . 
  this is how meaningful results to withing few % are obtained from political polls , be these prior to the voting day , or exit polls , on sample sizes on the order of thousands , even though millions would have voted . 
  so tldr : i see what you 're trying to stop , but i find the arguments given to do so woefully inadequate . 
  in particular , the argument that given a different mobilization , the outcome of the vote could have been different is disingenuous , for the outcome of the vote is only even interesting insofar as it says anything about the intentions of the larger population that could have voted as well . 
  indeed a more asymmetric mobilization , like the one you invoked for a scenario where a different outcome happens , would in fact be unwelcome , being unrepresentative . 
  and so you 've already granted that this outcome seems to plausibly represent those fairly , returning us back to the beginning of the discussion of - is it just recency . 
  so it still seems mere recency is a powerful force , highly predictive of popularity of shows , and outcomes of matchups . 
  sure , no hurry , sleep well - i 'll likely fall asleep soon as well , cya around !, 
  no idea but i 'm intrigued . 
  commenting to tag and check back later . 
  thx for putting in the work to compare a few matchups in detail . 
  the only thing i want to note i find here is that both r/anime 's seed , mal popularity and mal ranking are already skewed by recency , so they are n't independent variables as you 're treating them . 
  youre surely right that seed , ie r/anime 's popularity ranking , is the strongest predictor . 
  anyhow , i 'll have to build up on an approach like the one you 're doing , putting seeds , mal ranks , mal popularity and years into a spreadsheet and calculate the predictive power of each , once all the results are in . 
  i suspect age will indeed be the weakest of the 4 , but still i expect it to be substantially stronger than random . 
  and re mal , i mentioned it merely in that it has probably the best documented recency effect across the shows - ie a ranking and popularity downwards drift in the few years following the airing of a show . 
  there were posts here that showed it across the entire mal database etc. 
  not to make any specific point in how well its tastes match r/anime 's . 
  i still maintain that, 
   saying / r/anime is bad for putting it through when the people who wanted it did n't come out in full force does n't sound fair to me . 
  in fact is perfectly fair , if the opponent lost proportionally as many votes as well . 
  anyhow , think we still disagree on a few points , but more in emphasis than in expectation . 
  thx for an interesting chat !, 
  well from one perspective barely anything here should be surprising if one payed attention to show 's seeds , how many votes they pulled in the first round etc. 
  i 'm rather saying the total mass of such choices that i regret r/anime made is disappointing , is all . 
  well oshii 's movie is quite a different thing from kamiyama 's series . 
   however when we talk about 1st seed and 256th seed not only is it understandable when the 1st seed wins , but also completely expected, 
  maybe we misunderstand each other , but this is exactly what i meant . 
  many of these results , certainly the loss of grave of fireflies , are rather predictable if you pay attention to how the voting went so far . 
  edit : eg i was just looking at penguindrum 's loss elsewhere in the thread . 
  given how many votes its opponent pulled in the previous round , penguindrum was clearly the underdog to begin with . 
  which is amazing and imho sad ... 
  but it is therefore an unsurprising loss as well . 
  if you mean - but a far less lopsided one than grave of the fireflies loss , then sure - and that just makes its worse really . . / edit, 
  so no , little of the disappointments here are really surprising . 
  they 're just disappointing . 
  i would n't call it a natural progression .
