  hah , mislis visokovazan referendum oko nomenklature gay brakova ? 
  wow , quite public indeed, 
  imas kapital koji basically stiti macke i miseve da ne pokisnu il tako nekako , a u drzavi fali kapitala za gospodarsku aktivnost . 
  dubious ... 
  operatore vlakova sure , al u komadima . 
  super da ce i destimulirati rani odlazak u penziju i pogotovo beneficirane stazeve . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_thrift ) i ponekad ekonomija moze imati koristi od njene destimulacije - il destimulacije nekih oblika stednje . 
  sad sam naprosto zbunjen ? 
  plus ima makroekonomske prednosti vs vecina poreza . 
  sad stating a mere opinion brings on downvotes in this sub ; terrible reddiquette ... 
  anyhow , i completely agree , my interest in the show is at an all time ebb . 
  s2 managed to crap all over some of my favorite parts , like the house of the undying , but s3 was kinda acceptible . 
  then came the affc/adwd material , my favorite part of the books , and its just criminal how ineptly it was adapted . 
  re s4 , i stopped mid-way and came back to it months after the airing , irritated . 
  yet even that was topped by the wreck that was s5 ; barely made myself watch that to end at all , also with months of lag . 
  so , i figure that 'll repeat itself again ; i 'll hesitate whether i should bother watching s6 at all . 
  and maybe i try it for a few episodes like with previous seasons ... 
  i guess that 's what the current standards of tv really is , as i ca n't really name better series either , post-wire , but damn , it hurts much more when you watch that butchery being done to one of your favorite book series ... 
  sounds to me the damage has already been done , by fb doxxing the op . 
  that should n't be an `` oops , sry '' kind of incident, 
  slabo promisljeni i politicki naivni ; to su most biraci . 
  hell , ne moras gledati dalje od njihovih nebuloza o monetarnoj politici da to vidis ... 
  depending on your circumstances it is n't particularly difficult at all . 
  did it mid-way in s4 and s5 for months already . 
  do n't know a single person who watches or reads it , guess my internet browsing menu is devoid of whatever the spoilery newsources are to ppl , etc. 
  well i 'm not too scared of spoilers anyhow . 
  i 'll prob take the middle road here again , giving up on s6 when i get too irritated with it , as before , but right now i 'm too hungry for a bit of new asoiaf material , of any kind or quality , so i 'll check it out a bit . . 
  entirely a matter of opinion ; i find grrm 's writing to have become significantly more interesting , layered , subtile with time . 
  yes , i completely understand what you were saying , and completely disagree . 
  also , show has been shit since s1, 
  edit : shit , this kind of discussion is apparently strictly banned here !, 
  i 'll pm instead sry, 
  hard to understand what exactly you 're experiencing , but it does n't sound normal at all . 
  included repos are indeed supposed to 100 % work in a major distro , and are rather extensive . 
  you should check support for your distro of choice , rather than presume linux is normally broken because to your eye equivalent bugs can be googled up . 
  things being broken is never normal . 
  edit : re terminal , its just normally easier to tell someone to type in xyz exactly , and be sure that s/he 'll be doing the right thing , than to describe where to click what with a bunch of screenshots to follow the flow in question . 
   i have been struggling with three apps for days now ... none of which just `` install '' and work from the software center . 
  if it was one app i would understand ... but it seems most of what i do . 
  just very frustrated . 
  yea , that does sound like a hassle not worth it , just unsure why you 're having such a broken experience . 
  i have no experience w xubuntu specifically , so ca n't comment on their standards ( though gods surely they 're better than that ? 
  ) , but could you perhaps try finding some of theirs support channel - irc or forum or something and see wtf is going on ? 
  or simply start over ? 
  well , irc takes some patience ; ppl often do n't react immediately . 
  hah , yeah i know the xkcd in question but - if there 's pkgs in the main repo that are outright uninstallable and its not just you , well normally pkgs have maintainers and the entire team is responsible for at least such minimum qa besides . 
  either you 're a valuable bug reporter then , or your system is seriously messed up already . 
  if its some peripheral stuff outside the main repos that is n't working , well i 'd just say damn it and move on , unless really crucial . 
  most stuff should either be in the repos or work even if not so how can you find so many big things that refuse to outside it ? 
  either way seriously fighting with the system should either be unnecessary or be rather unprofitable , time/effect - wise . 
  there 's quite a lot of literature on the toxicology of ecigs - quite a lot of it conflicted , some criticized on its methodology ( esp in relation to temperatures they produce w/o adequate cooling being unrealistic in comparison to actual applications due to being disgusting ) - like in any field really . 
  you could rather check some of the metastudies on the subject - as secondary literature is generally a better source than primary - like, 
  overall , a big uncertainty as you identify is the long-term exposure to such quantities to pg and/or vg - though we do have animal models as well as workplace exposure experiences with these ; as well as with introduction of unnecessary ingredients in certain flavors like diacetyl etc. 
  we do know what 's needed in these bottles ; an appropriate solvent , normally either pg or vg with or w/o some water or a mix , and nicotine ; rest are adaptible to evolving evidence , being unessential . 
  temperatures are controlled in many newer devices ; i 'm not aware of studies using them yet though . 
  all suggest caution ( so perhaps against excessive quantities like in `` cloudchasing '' or rich flavors , thereby increasing chances on running into something that turns out to be problematic ) , and evolution of standards as more data is available - but none warrant regulation on par with actual tobbacco , as given what we do know of the toxicology of the two , the risks should at least be an order of magnitude less on every tested relevant variable . 
  edit : oh re `` vapers are like born again christians and i understand why , '' -- this seems unwarranted and rather unfair . 
  this is a young field of study - the actual definitive work , with longitudinal studies on large representative samples being impossible yet - and you can find , as far as i can see , all positions in the peer reviewed literature !, 
  how then is taking a particular assesment of the risks vs benefits ( a rather difficult task ) in the consequent scientific uncertaintly comparable to blind faith ? 
  at all ? 
  how is the opposite position any more rational ? 
  well , the study on effect on germs is quite interesting - i 'd like to know about the mechanism and the magnitude of the effect though ( in projected number of actual deaths or equivalent that is , as that is the risk of what the user is attempting to avoid ) . 
  the rest of the `` analysis '' article , well stinks tbh . 
  read a bit in the sources given for the claims :, 
  e-cigarettes deliver high levels of nanoparticles ,, 
  follow the links and you 'll find a study that sometimes found nanoparticles at the level of cigarettes . 
  maybe , though i 'll note particulate emissions 880 times less than cigarettes have been reported - via quick googling - here :, 
  and that 's hardly a ecig friendly source . 
  i can prob dig further on the issue of particulate emissions as this has been a long-studied subject . 
  metals in the nanoparticles themselves have certainly been quantified ( eg in the metastudy i linked in the comment above ) and are orders of magnitude far from worrying levels - not sure if that 's the same concern or a separate one though . 
   she reviewed data from 18 studies on e-cigarettes ' vapors and found that most contain at least traces of the solvents in which nicotine and flavorings had been dissolved ... 
  this group includes known cancer-causing chemicals , such as formaldehyde , and suspected carcinogens , such as acetaldehyde, 
  no it does n't contain trace levels of solvents , but are mostly these solvents ; namely pg or vg . 
  yup , depending on the temperatures you can produce arbitrary quantities of formaldehyde with these - there 's been at least 2 studies reporting ridiculous amounts of these that i know about - and all rather silly , for they depend on pushing puny atomizers to extreme wattages , way beyond its wicking and hence cooling capabilities . 
  and producing consequently a terribly unpleasent experience to the vaper , known as a `` dry hit '' . 
  this is not a reasonable methodology to reproducing the actual experience of a vaper , as responses to these studies have pointed out . 
  and more reasonable methodologies have found orders of magnitude less of these than in cigarette smoke . . 
  so , anyhow , i 've now seen a few of these mentions on the issue on possible effects on the germ cultures though for now w/o a decent analysis ; and this does seem an interesting direction of study but the `` analysis '' article here seems far , far removed from our actual current understanding of the actual risks associated with vaping . 
   4k takes exponentially more pixels than a 2k display, 
  uhh , wait , is n't it just quadratically more ? 
  any news on why they 'd want to land a dragon capsule there ? 
  i gather even an agressive/risky actual manned mars program would take quite a few of these launches over several years ( trimmed down mars direct or semi-direct say ) - and hence funding ( so is this unmanned landing a demonstrator for it or what ) , and for just robots , is n't it unnecessary ? 
  soo , what 's the plan here exactly ? 
  oh , you 're right - well still the analysis linked deserved a response for bringing in the other 2 references in such poor fashion . 
  but there 's def a decent discussion in the literature on whether ecigs are reasonably harmless ( though certainly worse than breathing pure air ) or rather dangerous now , even outside the one study . 
  i already replied to the poster above , thx . 
  prob my bad ; i edited in a response to that with quite a delay . 
  ah , yeah i did see some such threads ; i missed your intended comparison . 
  however , software that is not free is not evil, 
  if that meant that i can do whatever i want with my copy of that software , as is the case with any other actual property - such as share it freely , i would n't really disagree much . 
  a government-created scarcity of an otherwise non-rivalrous good , by an artificial monopoly on its duplication ( worse , one that is incredibly invasive to enforce , given how the means for such duplication are in everyone 's possesion ) some decided to pretend to be just another kind of property is a rather diabolical scheme though . 
  economically innane too . 
  yeah , there 's a part that 's telegraphed anyhow , and a part that 'll still be old-book material apparently , and a part that 'll just be too divergent to matter . 
  still , i expect we 'll outright get spoiled on some important points too . 
  they 're close enough on the wall and with bran for eg to be dangerous , and i at least do n't know the broad strokes of what is supposed to happen with these . 
  apparently joining the battle of ice but then what ? 
  or does/how does the wall come down ? 
  dany post-vaes dothrak / / drogon rescue of some kind seems possibly close enough too to be a spoiler - and i have n't a clue really what 's supposed to happen . 
  i guess king 's landing and the battles of ice and fire are likely quite different otoh ... 
  ofc , like with any new theory - and it benefited from having to reply to criticism .
