  guess it is less likely than an awareness of the article , by whichever means ... 
  ohhh , i see . 
  thought it was more like barging where they 'd expect a moment of privacy . 
  ehh , its also risky , if it can decide on minority rights . 
  got a marriage equality ban in the constitution that way in my country , and i think quite a few us states , before the supreme court ruling , no ? . 
  swiss got a minaret ban , and a rather unworkable immigration cap ... 
  or even when just used to block any resolution of fiscal woes - since each hurts , and so opposing is much easier than providing a workable + better alternative . 
  i keep thinking on how to preserve good aspects of a directly democratic check against party rule , w/o creating more problems in this manner ; ca n't say i 've got any great ideas on the matter , beyond needing to limit what a referendum can do . . 
  well ... how do you know or on what basis do you claim any of that ? 
  the email in question here has apparently not been doctored at all ; given that was is just a reproduction of an article , forwarded by blumenthal to podesta , with the mail titled as `` the truth '' since the article describes the republican witch-hunt on clinton . 
  here , take a look : https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/2038 its just a verbatim reproduction from newsweek , with the address and source stated etc. 
  what is there to doctor ? 
  where is the wikileaks demonstrably editing or doctoring anything ? 
  we 're talking about a spin made by sputnik , not wikileaks , seems the poster above me conceded that obvious point ? 
  and why would a site created for anonymous leaks need to be taken over just to fulfill its stated mission - of enabling anonymous leaks ? 
  surely they 'd have released any leaks anyhow even before `` being taken over '' ? 
  if anything here required particular dispensation , i 'd sooner see it in assange gladly granting it , as opposed to being in any way taken over , given his hostility towards clinton - perhaps vengeful and certainly ideological ( as he 's significantly farther to the left . . ), 
  that there 's room for doubt , sure , as i do n't see how this leak is supposed to have been vetted at all -- but for now nothing has materialized from this doubt . 
  leaks so far have been treated as factual by clinton , are consistent with her known beliefs , display a pragmatic and competent politician we 'd expect , and seem rather uncontroversial , beyond perhaps giving a bit more detail into how `` sausages are made '' than the public is normally used to ... 
   no way that clinton had a slideshow about entitled millennial , or called anyone a bucket of idiots . 
  yeah , that would be an interesting link . 
  also , a reaction from hillary 's campaign , given that she was answering questions about some of these leaks w/o mention of any being fake - this implicitly legitimizes the cache and if this is false , she should try and state that clearly . 
  as to your other point , i think its simple ; assange just wants to hurt clinton , as he announced he would - and so does when he best can . 
  i do wonder what credibility he imagines leaks obtained from hackers really have , but then again , he 'd prob publish wherever anything comes from regardless . 
  you seem to think the fact its a hack or who hacked it should matter to him one way or another . 
  i doubt it really ; he just wants to expose power ( even when he does n't have any personal motives like here ) , though i 'm at pains to see what he believes this particular `` offensive '' has been accomplishing . 
  all you 've got is doubt and incredulity here , not any link . 
  re all pro-russia , what do you mean ? 
  their last highly publicised leak was panama papers ffs !, 
  you know , including about offshore wealth of russian kleptocracy !, 
  putin seemed to favor accusing the us for the entire thing at the time ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panama_papers#russia, 
  not that this kind of us-vs-them conspiratorial logic you 're using would be particularly reliable even if i did n't have a direct counterexample . 
  ahh , i see , did n't know it was a separate thing . 
  in some places , an initiative is used ( more often than not ) to block legislation too . 
  thx !, 
  mah , in isolation , i 'd just suggest elites generally tend to mix . 
  seems to me more dangerous links were mentioned in this thread than who his daughter occasionally hangs out with anyhow . 
  also , as a presidential candidate , there 's a world of difference between saying you should be in jail , and effectively i 'm gon na put you in jail . 
  violating separation of powers and bonus dictatorial overtones in the latter, 
  as far as i can tell , the meaning of that common phrase is about being blunt or more guarded , not about truthfulness . 
  here 's to hoping he actually accepts that there was a loss , as opposed to claiming the elections were stolen by say vote fraud . 
  it did in 538 's now-cast , 50.6 % for clinton . 
  prob just a matter of overcoming lag in the polls ? 
  to qoute edmund burke : '' your representative owes you , not his industry only , but his judgment ; and he betrays , instead of serving you , if he sacrifices it to your opinion . '', 
  merely because the system you use makes a circus out of it . 
  there 's really no point in recounting if you have a finalized official tally of a voting station at all . 
  all places have observers from all parties , and many from citizens , and there are procedures to report irregularities , etc. 
  and if a voting station has had any irregularities , one possible practice is to simply redo voting there on another date . 
  some do it even if it wo n't matter in the end simply to have a clean , regular , official tally of a complete election . 
  a different thing that can be decided in a very tight election , like the recent 2nd round of austrian presidential election , is for the court to order a repeat of the election round , if the total irregularities reported were sufficient to change the winner . 
  whatever the choice , none of this is particularly difficult to do at scale . 
  most election cycles i 've seen had a few obscure places having to vote again because of some procedural error . 
  and what you get , is a result that 's not filtered and potentially distorted arbitrarily through an electoral college . 
  soo , you like the landscapes and the scenery , just not the humans that inhabit it ? 
  :p / joking, 
  there should be a point in one 's thought process before even this fear of what the future brings -- namely that such cynical ( attempted ) manipulation of extremism for ones political success should simply be a step too far for your integrity . 
  however pragmatic you may be , there should be a line you 're prepared to draw . 
  if you ca n't stand even for the most basic standards of civil society , surely you have nothing to offer as a leader . 
  big-tent parties often do have lines they would n't cross . 
  a center-left party may for example cooperate with a left fringe and certainly with say the greens , but principally reject any coalition with actual communists from the previous regime - that was the reason for example german spd would n't form a left government despite a left majority in the parliament a couple of cycles ago ( and there 's a narrow left majority now too , though possibly unworkable ), 
  and xenophobic elements and parties have often been under a similar cordon sanitaire by the center-right . . 
  its just that neither the more moderate voters , nor the more moderate part of the party is actually terribly bothered by the republican extremists . 
  distasteful at worst , not unacceptable . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  the difference is that this time he managed to viscerally offend a fair portion of their potential voters . 
  he was hardly a republican party darling in the primaries , and by the time he won , he said enough disgusting shit already . 
  if they 're then gon na rally behind the candidate they 've got , at what point do they then say `` no this new thing he said is just totally unacceptable '' ? 
  so they danced along with it to the point where it became just as suicidal , career-wise , as not to . 
  exactly . 
  and that opens up the scariest scenarios . 
  though i think he 's too much of a coward to actually attempt organizing violence . 
  he 'll nurture the resentment in his voters for sure though . 
  i do n't think anyone 's under particular delusion as to what constitutes hillary clinton 's previous or proposed policy . 
  just not convinced as much as apparently you are that its mostly wrong policy . 
  we even got to see rare details about their private correspondence thx to wikileaks . 
  and it seems to show a shrewd , competent and reasonable politician https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/scandal-wikileaks-reveals-hillary-clinton-to-be--reasonable/2016/10/10/bbad509c-8f19-11e6-9c52-0b10449e33c4_story.html, 
  now you seem terribly angry w status quo politics apparently , but at least it seems to be preferable to having an ignorant depraved buffoon be given nuclear codes to many ... 
  well i do hope federal agents have more important things to spend taxpayer 's dollars on than hunting down such obviously dumb blather . 
  the possibility , however small , that some of it may not be so idle after the elections really scares me - but still this is n't it . 
  no its not rare to be in denial of bad results and make up various excuses , however weak . 
  i think late in the democratic primaries a fair portion of the sanders vote was getting pretty delusional about their chances ... 
  think i was guilty of it too during the greek referendum ; would ignore worse-than-expected polling , and clung to the fact prediction market was ( still ) suggesting it will fail . 
  a lesson learned at least , i hope . 
  could be . 
  a reason to think otherwise is that the closer the vote is , and assuming no further game-changers , people tend to be less and less inclined to change the decisions they made . 
  and the early vote transfers some of the effect of current situation to the final result directly, 
  that 's kinda the difference between 538 's polling-only and now-cast model ; what would happen today vs what the current situation tells us about what will likely happen on election day . 
  and there is a difference , though not nearly so large , and not enough polling has happened since the last gamechanger to believe polls-only has completely even priced it in yet either . 
  guess he can have a truly historically brilliant 3rd . 
  debate ? 
  or something much juicier comes from wikileaks on hillary ... 
  i do n't think the issue is how he ( or the companies you listed ) conducts his business , just his lack of credibility on this particular issue , because what he does is opposite to what he says he 'll do as president . 
  when you use the term `` alpha '' , i presume you just mean charismatic , attractive guys ? 
  prob true . 
  sadly the only interaction i 've had with a self-identified mra advocate was not about the abuse or prejudice against men , which as a man concern me too -- but advocating removal of no-fault divorce . 
  in effect keeping people legally married longer than they consent to being so , and not protecting the financially vulnerable party from being trapped in an undesirable marriage due to lack of means . 
  which seems what can only be thinly veiled agenda of chauvinist wishing to effectively own and dominate women . 
  so principled , moral guys then , i see . 
  i 'm honestly amazed as many as 50 % of all men may agree with that statement . 
  very nice post .
