  you misunderstand ; i 'm also an atheist - i mean , it sounds like you were exposed to some form of christianity that takes the words of the bible to be what christianity is fundamentally about . 
  it is n't - that 's not a given - that 's an interpretation , and far from a universal one . 
  ( even , historically a new one , starting only with the reformation , mere hudereds of years ago , in a two millenial history ), 
  to some bible just is n't that important ( not saying its unimportant , just not so emphasized ), 
  i grew up catholic , and where catholicism is still rabidly conservative , in comparison to what i read on the us case . 
  and , the bible and what exactly it says just is n't what seems to be so central to catholics . 
  rather , its the church , what the bishops say , what the popes say ( because bishops continue apostolic sucession and hence their collective actions are supposedly guided by god ) , or if you 're really into it ( not recommended to believers ) , what the classical theologians said - the church fathers , aquinas , maybe even a mystic or two , from the middle ages . 
  that 's where i think you 're blinded by the culture you grew up in . 
  see your logic :, 
   at the end of the day you 're still following a changed version of the bible , which means that you know it 's all made up . . 
  well , most mainline protestants , catholics and orthodox certainly know it was written by people , so in that sense made up . 
  eg most will accept eagely and easily that mark and q were used in composition of matthew and luke . 
  which makes those a cut-and-paste job . 
  this just is n't threatening at all , to people whose beliefs do n't hinge on a fundamentalist reading of the bible . 
  hell , the catholics will admit certain parts of their standard are n't even in their best manuscripts ( like the longer ending of mark ) , like codex vaticanus !, 
  they 'll just think them early and insipired . 
  and unlike the protestants , the catholics and orthodox fundamentally follow the church , which is some living manifestation of god , and not simply - a bible . 
  there is just no fundamental contradiction in believing the bible is a historical artifact , and thinking it is an artifactt/trace of divinely orchestrated events and movements ( to avoid being misunderstood here - historical as in , produced by historical events , by fundamentally ordinary people and groups of people over time , not as in , a historical record ), 
  uuuhhh , so i got the worst story by having my book and show mixed up . 
  sry , embarrasing , i 'll delete . . 
  i 'm still confused , so what is legalized was holding mock ceremonies with no legal power ? 
  how could such a thing be illegal in the first place - is n't it just a private party if it has no legal significance ? 
  so which part of it was illegal - is use of some part of the traditional wedding ritual in the state 's domain , was it explicitly listed what ca n't be done ( eg wearing a wedding dress or saying some form of vows if that 's even a part of that culture ) or ? 
   since marriage has been around since before governments existed . 
  uh , i meant no derision , and probably used the wrong word , sorry . 
  i mean - sure customs exists regardless of government sanction , but its difficult for a government to even ban something it does n't recognize . 
  how is it supposed to define a wedding ceremony without reference to marriage , to ban it , for i 'm not sure what else is common to all kinds of wedding ceremonies , but the fact they affirm and celebrate a romantic union ? 
  and this kind of union does n't exist as far as the state is concerned . 
  here at least , a traditional wedding ceremony seems to consist of a particular dress code for the bride and groom , exchange of rings and vows , and usually a priest going through an exact ritual of the sacrament , given that most people are religious . 
  but the latter is certainly out of the question for a same sex couple . 
  and a feast and/or a party afterwards . 
  and a nontraditional one , could really be anything , though it will probably be still a party . 
  i 'm just confused on how does one pin down weddings in law to the point of being able to ban them . 
  ok fair enough , guess that 'd be enforceable , if the weddings are a sufficiently predictable custom . 
  it 'd still be a sub-par law if it ca n't go beyond `` you 'll know it when you see it '' in defining the crime , and provided the couple simply avoided using the term `` wedding '' , even with a lot of traditional components , if the courts are sufficiently fair , should be able to deny it . 
  `` just some pals in a tux , sir , no wedding . 
  vows ? 
  do you have any witnesses to that accusation ? '', 
  anyway , thx for the explanations of the previous legal situation there , think i get it, 
  for the higgs , could be the poster above though about the situation re it for the last 40 years , but before the discovery . 
  with the electroweak theory , presuming the higgs field gives you impressive exact predictions for i think w and z. 
  now that field need n't be `` implemented '' by a higgs particle , but its the simplest way to go about it . 
  so there were higgsless theories , like technicolor , not implausible , workable , a bit more complicated , but hey , our first-guess solution need n't always be right , right ? 
  well , it was , again ... 
  i guess one could say , people believed in higgs , but the only evidence for it ( and concretely it , rather than some other equivalent mechanism , which was already on solid evidential ground to exist ) was nothing concrete , but just basically , its just the dumbest , most obvious way to complete ewt . . 
  grounded reasoning , yes . 
  i latched on to you using the word `` evidence '' . 
  now re , `` acknowledge the possibilities that it did n't exist '' , that raises up an interesting point . 
  yeah , re god , that 's a whole another level of irrationality . 
  i think there 's little reason to believe in gods , so i do n't , but it would n't be apriori irrational i think to believe in gods , just difficult - for any position one takes stands in final analysis on some subjective unjustified priors , and their prior for a god just might be very large . 
  the only guarantee rationality would give would be that our conclusions should converge closer with more evidence , but this can get asymptotical . . 
  its a whole different matter to refuse even the possibility you 're wrong . 
  you know , if the greek text of the gospel according to mark or a close manuscript variation of it were to be found inscribed in the temperature fluctuations of the cosmic microwave radiation , well , my beliefs would suddenly turn a quite theistic page , for i currently think cmb is the relic from the recombination time , and it would n't be a fair assessment of evidence to lose confidence in its importance just because i do n't like what i 'm seeing . 
  from which follows kardashev iv + entity , a god for all intents and purposes esp to bronze age savages , apparently thinks the oldest records of christian scripture to be that important ; just wow . 
  but i think at least privately , many theist do have doubts . 
  i remember dennetts `` belief in belief '' concept - its that professing a belief even lacking conviction is reinforced behavior . 
  sry for the digression though ... 
  if i 'm wrong about that then everything we know about the universe is simultaneously wrong . 
  yeah , depends on what you expect from a belief in god - could be fairly deistic , in which case it does n't touch much on any of the evidence we had any chance of seeing . 
  yet it could still leave a deliberate trace , as in the above scenario . 
  or it could indeed mean our best ideas about everything have been totally off for centuries . 
  infinitesimally unlikely , but still possible . 
  i 'm just saying , i could conceive of evidence strong and definitive enough to raise my priors on even that extreme a scenario . 
  anyhow , for someone to have a relatively high prior for the synthetic hypothesis negating everything ( `` all we know is maybe just wrong/we just did n't think of the right ideas yet at all/we 're just overfitting the data with some approximations that work in a wide regime but are fundamentally flawed ? '' ), 
  is n't irrational i think . 
  since that is a prior , its totally subjective . 
  yeah , this is all atheism for sure . 
  i 'd have to have much less confidence in the sciences to think these uncertainties are worth consideration outside mental experiments . 
  but idk why i 'm surrounded by so much anti-science mood from ppl i know , even though none are believers in any traditional sense . 
  interesting , i 'll have to take another look at him . 
  antonio negri was supposedly inspired by spinosa while in prison too , and i was like wtf , why him , how can he be possibly relevant today , esp for a leftist political thinker ? 
  two interesting references to an author | = should check it out :d, 
  oh , and quantum theory itself is compatible with relativity ... if you mean special relativity - in the form of quantum field theory , and this is the basis for our standard model in particle physics :p issues arise with general relativity , so be more precise , 
   but i thought it 's pretty obvious that god is not a `` thing '' in the material sense ,, 
  that seems to take all of the force from their initial appeal - if one grants there are exceptions to needing a creator , now they need to argue god is a better candidate for such an exception , rather than some material process ( say cosmic inflation ) . 
  the whole appeal of the argument seems to be in the intuitive acceptance that everything needs a creator/cause , and the claim that this , simply if universalized and followed back , leads to a god . 
  well if one needs a footnote in the argument for that to work , you could 've put it for anything else there too - so the chain of logic does n't after all do any heavy lifting in getting you to the conclusion , the caveat does all the work . 
  unable to do what - use si prefixes ? 
  surely not if they live in a country with everyday exposure . 
  i 've yet to meet a person stupid enough not to know that 500ml on a beer bottle say , means half a liter etc. 
  or know to convert say grams to decagrams of cheese or salami in a store . 
  right , never - that 's precisely why i said `` if they live in a country with everyday exposure '' . 
  point was it was all about the exposure , not the complexity of the skill , for even a significantly below average joe . 
  a partial record of the debate is here http://www.bbc.co.uk/democracylive/scotland-25020721, 
  it 's wonderful to see a legislature so united on this matter ; even those who debated against have phrased their argument in terms of concern about the insurances religions or individuals opposing wo n't be discriminated against . 
  on the supporting side , we could hear marco biagi and kevin stewart speak about their experience growing up gay , and internalizing the prejudice for a while , or joan mcalpine on slow but final acceptance even by older members of her family of her uncle 's relationship and partner , or ruth davidson speak of civil partnership as a `` facsimile of the real thing '' and the message that sends to people who therefore can not marry the love of their life , what others unthinkingly take as their right . 
  another mp spoke of his brother , that 'll have to be marrying in lisbon these days , but it seems this is n't part of this recording - and so on . 
  an uplifting experience , since we in croatia are about to have and i 'm convinced and fear , will pass , a referendum for a constitutional ban on marriage equality :(, 
  speak for yourself :d, 
  pa se povremeno puse i na hladno , da , precautionary . 
  s druge strane , ljevica u praksi provodi at most striktno centristicku politiku u ekonomiji . 
  pa mislim da je . 
  uhhh , koji neupotrebljivi mess , sve zamislive labele pobacali u gender etc. . 
  ... - and from 1905 on , we think its impossible to break the speed of light . 
  and nothing on the theoretical horizon suggests otherwise . 
  special relativity and quantum physics are compatible - yet they would be in stark contradiction if information could be superluminal . 
  even when you say the entangled particles `` interact '' , you 're already completely misinterpreting the phenomena . 
  amazing !, 
  but the reflections in her eyes seem excessive , and reminded me that - [ there.are.four lights !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mox3z2rjav8 ),
