  with time you have a right to a permanent residence permit , discrimination is supposed to be forbidden though you prob know or can imagine how things go with such laws and their enforcement etc. 
  if you can demonstrate having enough money to live there you can certainly stay even if you do n't have an income etc. 
  you can continue to recieve unemployment benefits if any from lithuania , your healthcare can be covered by european health insuraance card . 
  recognition of professional qualifications can be tricky ; you 'd have to investigate the exact situation . 
  details should be investigated ( there 's eu websites about worker mobility etc ) ; my point is , you have some substantial legal ground to stand on if you decide to move within the community . 
  the difficult part is taking the messy signals that are the eeg , and localizing them on the cortex with remotely sufficient precision , to be able to do much with sufficient agility . 
  a traditional eeg would have trouble distinguishing for eg moving your left or your right foot , and distinguishing individual fingers on your hands would just be impossible . 
  i 've been reading some works on the topic , with denser than usual sensor networks , and varous approaches and algorithms for modeling the propagation of current through our skull , and/or using structural mri scans ( as opposed to just 3 nested ideal spheres ! ), 
  in order to highly improve localization of eeg readings . 
  it can closely approach what is doable when actually putting the electrodes on the exposed brain surface . 
  quite factinating what could be accomplished updating almost a century old technology . 
  al fun je i to :d, 
  hedonizam do jaja xd, 
  would n't any d-he3 fusion system be hybrid in that sense , since side-reactions of d-d would inevitably happen anyhow ? 
  wow , nice !, 
  hah , reminds me , u programu syrize , oce vratiti minimalac na 750 eura . 
  let 's not . 
   you 're ** free ** to ask questions or discuss anything in english . 
  i 've been confused about this for days - is lengthening telomeres more likely to help postpone aging , or just to give us cancer ? 
  i gathered sens strategy is pretty much the opposite , a complete suppression of our ability to repair telomeres , hoping this might constitute a cure for cancers ? 
  yeah , i 'm investigating it . 
  neuropreservation does n't seem all that expensive , considering a life insurance could pay for it , and the tech for resuscitation no more fantastical than for the whole-body case . 
  i gather they usually invoke nanobots to explain how cell damage would be repaired ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the plausibility of such tech but it feels at least rather far from where we are . 
  alternatively some suggest a detailed brain scan to create a virtual simulation of it might be the way to do it . 
  that seems more likely , and anyhow more desirable , for i ( well , something that thinks of itself as being me * ) get to be an artificial organism , infinitely extensible , as opposed to legacy biomatter . 
  but as you say , regardless , it seems a no lose scenario . 
  i 'm just unsure why in the future , particularly a hypothetical one dominated by a super-intelligence , anyone would care to have a ( copy of ) me around again ... 
  * ) continuity of identity across life or any resuscitation is both a rather problematic notion anyhow - see the ship of theseus mental experiment , and ultimately a poor reason to care about something . 
  but still a now-me rather likes the me-like thinking being , and would n't mind something like it existing in the future as well , for as much as it cares to continue . 
  `` hate . 
  let me tell you how much i 've come to hate you since i began to live . 
  there are 387.44 million miles of printed circuits in wafer thin layers that fill my complex . 
  if the word hate was engraved on each nanoangstrom of those hundreds of millions of miles it would not equal one one-billionth of the hate i feel for humans at this micro-instant . 
  for you . 
  hate . 
  hate . '', 
  -- harlan ellison , i have no mouth and i must scream, 
  was n't too famous for them at his time , but there 's been a revival of interest in them lately . 
  orlando furioso seems to be held in especially high regard , for eg . 
  a nice number from it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_8oagkhj-y, 
  reminds me of this smbc - http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=3086, 
  really , you honestly believe that ? 
  i 've not met that many image-obsessed people frankly . 
  certainly not , but that was the context of the post you were responding to :, 
    they 're ' the people who buy the magazines about celebrity breakups at the grocery store , wear and say ridiculous things that they 're embarrassed about 15 or 20 years later , and generally are more interested in projecting a cool ` image ' than having real self esteem and self worth, 
  this is not merely describing some random somewhat embarrassing incident . 
  and anyhow , would you even remember and/or care about such 20 years later unless extremely and unhealthily self-conscious ? 
  plus you were speaking about being embarrassed not generally , but for `` wearing and saying ridiculous things '' . 
  ca n't really remember seeing particularly ridiculously clothed people at all . 
  what else would motivate that ? 
   ( keep it r/cro related ), 
  really , such a gruesome , libelous claim , supported by mere gossip , yet you liberally repeat it ? 
  why would anyone say such a disgusting thing . . 
  ... and today you 'd do something like :, 
  or whatever equivalents to this are in various oses , and get the locations immediately . 
  no significant gain . 
  if you know the exact reasonably unique filename , you basically already have immediate access to the file . 
  carmack suggests we will need at least 4k rez for it to be a decent replacement for a desktop . 
  all aaas scientist answered on this , not just climatologists . 
  a great majority of those would then just be scientifically literate laymen as far as climate science research goes . 
  one would need to be working on and publishing something about climate or at the very least something related , to be able to be a dissenting minority in a field , right ? 
  these questions on the other hand were answered by a sample of all members of the aaas . 
  and these include all kinds of scientists with no relation to the field - linguists , astronomers , high energy physicists etc. 
  actually we can do much , much better than building a telescope the size of a planet , at least in radio wave spectrum ( d/k about the rest of the spectrum ) - in fact we can build one the size of the sun , and comparatively cheaply/in the relative near term !, 
  the way to do it is to position a fairly powerfully instrumented probe at the focal point of the sun 's gravitational lens very precisely , so that the probe-sun system points to our object of interest . 
  this point is at least 500 au out - and may be somewhat farther still , depending on how troublesome solar corona turns out to be . . 
  the probe then would basically just need to be able to pick out good level of detail at a distance of those ~ 500au . 
  not easy but certainly doable . 
  concept is called , unimaginatively , a focal mission - a lecture on the topic :, 
  the idea of targeting it to an exasolar planet is specifically talked about in ch4 , linked at the beginning of the talk . 
  though he does n't say much further than to instruct the listeners to extrapolate from the two previous examples he gave , for its an intermediate case . 
  those being , observation of the galactic black hole , and of the alpha centauri system . 
  and that using higher frequencies is preferable ( but did n't get if he still meant , high for radio waves , or beyond ) . 
  main conceptual problem is controlling the position of the probe to sufficient precision to target it to some object of interest . 
  did n't rewatch the video , think he says there we 'd need to have it positioned within 100 meters or something ridiculous like that . 
  no doubt , an intelligent agent able to understand natural language would be a great , possibly perfect ui . 
  heh , well there have been great advances in image captioning by machine learning lately . 
  would n't be that creative to describe a picture as `` theeleut with a derpy look '' for sure , but apparently things like `` two pizzas sitting on top of a stove top oven '' are doable to it . 
  then you might just crawl these and query for the equivalent of `` theeleut and not derpy '' . 
  next step is just creating the equivalent of such a query based on some piece of natural language . 
  ah , those are n't the queries . 
  those are computer-generated captions . 
  which is frankly even more mind-boggling to me . 
  does n't such language production require a level of creativity i was n't aware computers had ( already ) ? 
  still , searching such captions - ie text - with queries should be easy enough . 
  edit : well , says they took a machine translation system and replaced half of it with a vision system . 
  :d so , no idea what happens if you try to use text to search for an image - do you get an existing picture or an attempt at rendering your description ? 
  surely if it were cool already , they 'd have bragged about it in the paper though . 
   no way to avoid cell destruction due to water expansion as it freezes . 
  this is just factually wrong , under the best conditions at least . 
  it is done normally in organ cryopreservation , and active research field , and by similar techniques - like vitrification . 
  even to the point of , for example , restarting a previously vitrified rabbit kidney and having it work sufficiently well to sustain that rabbit ( although not particularly well ) , with today 's technology . 
  in fact , ice formation is a greater problem when trying to revive an organ , than during the process of vitrifying it :, 
   full recovery of viability after transplantation is still difficult due in large part to devitrification . 
  devitrification is ice formation during rewarming , and it arises because ice nuclei , which form initially only at temperatures too low for appreciable crystal growth encounter temperatures during warming that maximize ice growth . 
  cryopreservation is a reputable science . 
  cryonics , ie doing so with dead people , is an unscientific hope about future scitech . 
  now whether the hope is justified is just a judgement call . 
  i gather a morbid good thing about such a case is that he 's dying of cancer .
