  i will judge , and wo n't bother to be nice . 
  not that i 'll go on a crusade or ever even discuss religion much . 
  but there 's a fair limit to how close i will be with a religious person . 
  and should it come up i will not pick my words all too carefully . 
  certainly i wo n't have anything to do with a traditional christian under any nonprofessional circumstances . 
  which would likely be reciprocated anyhow if they really are traditional , given that i 'm gay . 
   suggestion : grab coils with the highest resistance . 
  they seem to give you better hits than the lower resistance ones . 
  hm , maybe its got more to do with the particular kinds of coils that you ran into , or with the efficiency of your mod at particular settings , than a general rule ? 
  to a first approximation , a watt is a watt is a watt . 
  as to a common misconception re currents and battery life under different resistances and constant wattage , http://www.e-cigarette-forum.com/forum/blogs/rader2146/4056-battery-life-low-resistance-high-resistance-efficiency.html and as to actual differences ( because taking these into account a watt really actually is n't like a watt on a different setup ) , these would depend on the specifics of the coils used ( how many coils , how many wraps , how thick a wire ) etc , defining surface area of the coil , temperatures it gets to , its thermal capacity , and with personal preferences ( eg hotness of the vape you like ), 
  ahhh , i see , right . 
  prob the device ca n't properly handle , wick the watts that low res heads would give out . 
  with your liquids at least . 
  really ? 
  thought the oldest we had were many centuries after his supposed death . 
  and very little notion of what buddhism was before the time of ashoka . 
  textual criticism to establish older-looking parts of the canon basically . 
  and oldest by this , would be parts of monastic code ( since we have an early offshoot to compare with in the texts ) . 
  which is n't that informative . 
  ehh , i 'd say he 's a theist , if one is to take the canonical texts at face value . 
  which is what buddhist traditions certainly did for centuries at least . 
  he seems to accept the existence of the hindu-like pantheon . 
  just does n't think these gods are all that wise and worth ultimate adoration . 
  how does it autofire w a long 510 ? 
  not enough room for button 's throw or ? 
  why is this wick likely to go bad quickly ? 
  oh fuck did n't even look at the date , apologies , and thx for the info . 
  considering buying the thing soon , with an origen clone . 
  ako im to nije prosto metoda opustanja that is - al onda nije nesto cime bi se hvalio kao demonstracijom radisnosti . 
  jasno da ce bit blokirana kad ne pokazuje ni minimum potrebnog napredka da moze bit clanica . 
  really , what happens , where does the short develop ? 
  or do you mean if something is wrong , like putting the battery upside-down and having some damage to its wrap and the like ? 
  i do n't get it , what am i seeing , looking at ? 
  does look hella classy though :d, 
  ehh , even those idk . 
  temp curve on vtc4 for 30a goes to 100degc on complete continuous discharge . 
  vtc5 spec did n't even show 30a temp , odd in itself since they used to ( w equally rated vtc4 i mean ) and since its an interesting , max rated continuous discharge one , but 10 and 20a ones look as hot as with vtc4 . 
  and those are def not safe temperatures for a battery - operating range is rated for up to 60degc . 
  not that one would use these batteries in this manner if building for 30a - one does n't vape by pressing a button on a fresh battery and holding it down untill voltage drops to 2.8 v - but in case of autofire on a fresh battery ... 
  at least i 'd say its a bit sketchy as well . . 
  nice , reminds me of my first setup , looked very similar . 
  i 'm in exactly the same spot . 
  been vaping for about a year . 
  some slippage here and there when i 'd be out of something or after breaking something , etc , but generally consistent , and free for many months before this incident . 
  then first i 'm out of juice and cash , but able to bum out some smokes . 
  which i do . 
  then i get juice , stall a bit since i need to rebuild my coils , which i 've occasionally used as a lighter , and lazy/used to smokes again . 
  do that , next day my coil breaks when rewicking . 
  after all that , got myself a build i 'm happy with , after some 2 weeks of smoking again , and then turns out my charger crapped out . 
  borrow a friend 's charger , get all my batteries to full and run that down . 
  rebuild to more ohms so they last better ( and my build was easily oversaturating w juice when the voltage would drop ) . 
  messy build , not well balanced , my first attempt at some tiny 30ga dual loose stovecoils in a phoenix rba , and with stovecoils in general - but they work so great , i 'm so happy again , satisfying reward for hours of fiddling with them at least !, 
  only i 'm left with one battery quickly approaching unvapeably low voltage as we speak , and another half-full . 
  but i do have rolling tobacco ... 
  guess i 'll be borrowing friend 's charger again , and/or visiting b & m shop , just across the street of where i work , bumming recharges for a while ... and rolling again occasionally ... 
  need to investigate if this charger can be repaired cheaply . 
  think its just some stupid contact that fell apart ... 
  aha , right - yeah this one is at least insulated against that risk . 
  if thats 650mah , i was able to get by with it on a ce2-derived clearo at the beginning , because these days everywhere one goes , ppl have usb connections . 
  on job , stuck in a computer when not vaping . 
  at home ditto , in a cafe , i can ask to charge it , etc. 
  and i think i did n't even need to charge that much at first - once over the day and in the evening , that 's it . 
   it 's because the purpose of a mech is to bypass the limits of a regulated device to get increased wattage by lowering the ohms of a bulid . 
  that 's why they were invented . 
  as the other poster stated , that 's just a fictional made-up history . 
  might be a good reason for them , but its def not how they were historically developed . 
  i 'd use a mech on anything - i do use it on a cartotank - because a well built one is still dirt cheap ( clone ofc , i do n't care about getting the right engravings or supporting handcraft `` industries '' ) , smaller for the equivalent capacity , takes batteries w greater capacity and wastes none of it in voltage conversions . 
  do use a fuse for safety , but regulation , like with a kick - only if i happen to have access only to overly-resistant cartos and the like ( this has yet to happen , but i got that kick as an extra freebie in a certain old purchase ), 
  regulation circuitry occupies space and wastes power , for quite a price difference often , and all it gives over a fuse is constant voltage . 
  which i do n't find important at all . 
  at least for the mild curve slope of a vtc4 or the like . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd call an ego safer in comparison to using a good imr with a fuse in a mech , at equivalent wattage . 
  the former is still more likely to catastrophically fail , having a comparatively dubious battery . 
   a nautilus with 1.6 ohm coils is still doing 9-11 watts, 
  at most , yes , but not constantly . 
  for the average 3.7 v , presuming no voltage drop , it 'd be giving 8.56 w , which is on the low side , and drawing 2.3 a. 
  maybe there 's a bit of a voltage drop , its a small battery possibly not that highly rated , say its an average of around 8w . 
  ~ ~ juuust about there , but i think most would be missing a bit of an extra kick . 
  1.2-1 .5 ohm , that 'd be truly decent . ~ ~ edit actually prob this is the sweet spot for many people too . 
  eg just saw a grimgreen 's review of some cartos . 
  he prefers 4.2 on 2 ohm cartos , which comes to 8.82 w , and is satisfied with them all the way down to 3.5 . though notes the need for longer draws , at 6w . 
  and runs 5v on 3ohm cartos , which is 8.33 w, 
  hm , would 've been tempting at an earlier time . 
  i think i would n't have done it , anyhow - the impracticality of being gay would n't have been a sufficient concern , since i do n't mind pissing off people whose opinions i do n't respect , even if doing so can create problems to me . 
  spite in the face of injustice i guess . 
  and i never had much of a problem with the fact i 'm gay myself . 
  now definitely not - i 'm in a good relationship surrounded by people who are n't homophobic , except for most of my family . 
  and if that changed , these experiences shaped me , doing so would i feel diminish these . 
  oh , good point . 
  seconded . 
   i would n't want to press them to switch back because that would be how i identified, 
  debatable unless all of your memories are taken away as well . 
  honestly would the button even work unless you forgot a big chunk of yourself , your experiences anyhow ? 
  i can see you suddenly feeling attracted to people who did n't attract you before , but how could you start seeing the kind of sex you have positively reinforced in your memories as suddenly meh ? 
  ratios of the two , in chronological order :, 
  also are these `` smokers '' who use ecig people who do both , or just ecig , or possibly a mix of both ? 
  i 'm trying to spin these numbers into saying something like , 30-35 % of smokers who try ecigs stick to them , which would be great ... 
  it is more energy efficient to sit than to walk . 
  idk , its kinda odd .
