  still , psychology has no such problem ; it is much more amendable to the scientific method . 
  hence , you 're giving me a false analogy - here alone , whatever argument you were making about history 's status as science can not help to whatever you wanted to say about psychology , without making a false analogy ; to make an analogy , the two things compared need to be similar in the ways relevant for the claim , the claim here is that these can not be sciences , for something to be scientific , the rigor and methodology is pretty much the only and crucial question , yet the methodological obstacles for history are different from the ones facing psychology , for the latter can and profusely does experiment , which is core to scientific methodology . 
  so they are dissimilar in a crucial manner and hence you can not make the argument you desire merely by ( false ) analogy . 
   i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  you certainly are n't referring to anything i said . 
  sure i am , just follow your own logic :, 
   so are you saying human beings do not have any inner life ? 
  or are you saying science can not explain everything and we require non-scientific systems ? 
  in an answer to the claim :, 
   psychology is ** still ** not a science !, 
  in other words :, 
  psychology is the study of human 's inner life . 
  if psychology is not a science , then it follows that either there is no such thing as human 's inner life , or that science can not study human 's inner life . 
  you can easily see how this is a false dilemma , for you simply hide within in a so far baseless assertion , namely that study of human 's inner life can not even ever be scientific . 
  now that may be so , but you 're still to move an inch forward from making that claim and actually offer some arguments for this . 
  your dilemma does n't show it , it rather presumes it . 
  anyhow , so the logic of your false dilemma is :, 
  either there is no phenomena x , or study of x should be a developed science . 
  well , there are various fields of study that still are n't a science , but obviously the phenomena they study exist . 
  and i gave a couple of examples : abiogenesis , quantum gravity . 
  in each case , obviously , the phenomena they study exists , but the study of it is just underdeveloped , they face comparable obstacles to experiments like history in fact , for one can not observe and experiment with either the energy scales where quantum gravity is amenable to study , or the fact that all extant life shares a single common ancestor , so there are neither the products of different genesis of life to observe and compare , nor is there any such process now to study . 
  anyhow to get back to history , i think history should be more rigorous that in is and that in a sense it is an observational science much like astronomy . 
  it has evidence in terms of historical records and artifacts , it creates hypotheses as to the historical situations that produces these observables , and these hypotheses are tested by either newly discovered records and artifacts , or other known ones not considered in formulating it . 
  and that they should hence be using statistical methods and quantifying their claims - bayesian reasoning is usable for subjective assessments as well , and in a fundamental sense , this subjectivity is present in any science anyhow , and having the presumptions and biases explicit helps in identifying the controversial points and disagreements grounded not in fact but in bias . 
  oh and another point :, 
   but science is the only thing we are supposed to believe in . 
  so are you saying < no such thing exists  ... or ... science can not explain everything and we require non-scientific systems ? 
  ... seems to imply that we should also believe provisional conclusions of these non-scientific ( or maybe just proto-scientific ) systems ? 
  and that these could offer explanations even though they 're unproven ? 
  say nonscientific ( and protoscientific ofc ) fields are valuable like you claim - they 'd still offer no explanations nor should any of their claims be believed - and one can just as well stay uncommitted about any claims in such fields ; just think some more likely then others , say . 
  limiting plausibility of beliefs to just those that pass scrutiny of people most familiar with the topic is definitely valuable , even if nothing is so persuasive to commit you to actually believing any of those is the right one . 
  and frankly , i really do n't see why such fields like history or economics or psychology that do so , would even then be considered nonscientific . 
  since the natural sciences do the same thing , only limiting the plausibility of beliefs to near-complete dominance of one option , but exactly complete dominance is practically never possible , so the only difference is quantitative . 
  since the poster above us uses the phrase `` still not science '' , his definition seems limited only to the latter though . 
  exactly what happens on apocalypse is prob weakly supported since denominations seem to disagree on the millenia at least - but from yale lectures on new testament , seems the apocalyptic expectation is exactly the core of the religion . 
  edit : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amillennialism, 
  old and dominant view is that last judgement is physical , and millennium - physical reign of jesus over the earth - is n't . 
  that 's rather the spiritual reign of church in the world . 
  final judgement and stuff is apparently unavoidable in gospels etc. 
  hm , but article says the term refers to a shi'a practice . 
  this is grand mufti of saudi arabia , so a sunni . 
  though they could also deny faith , seems much more restricted - `` only at most permitted '' , even under duress , and do n't have the concept of taqiyya . 
  it 's not even just that he assumes that we have the burden of proof ; if god were the better theory given facts , it would be a scientific hypothesis . 
  he explicitly compares it with a belief in the big bang . 
  which obviously is a scientific hypothesis . 
  and if so , the argument is not for a blogpost , but for a scientific journal . 
  given how little of science he knows , leading him to the wrong conclusion , he 's a perfect example of why one is better off delegating the business of checking the veracity of claims and plausibility of evidence to a rigorous process like science , rather than hoping to catch where the preponderance of evidence on some claim lies for yourself . 
   unfortunately , paying for things is kind of expected, 
  i have nothing against them finding a way of making money . 
  in fact , they seem to be doing just that , quite well . 
  i do n't think everyone consuming the media needs to be making each of them money , if that means less people with access to less media . 
  its neither desirable , nor should one live in a society where it should even be enforceable . 
  paying for things is certainly expected ; the only way one could get it otherwise is to take it from them by force or stealth . 
  and then they do n't have the things anymore . 
  information can , on the other hand , be simply copied from company to person to another person without anyone in the chain being forced to do anything they did n't willingly do . 
  and nobody was left with less information in the process . 
  i certainly do n't want to take anything anyone wo n't give me . 
  but people do indeed give freely the possibility to copy some information they got ; that 's what torrents are after all . 
  i see nothing wrong with that at all . 
  i think its even an acceptable deal for the state to give commercial monopolies on the sales of some authored work ( if times for this were more moderate , an order of magnitude shorter ) , but not to discourage or in any way interfere with voluntary sharing . 
  justification for the monopolies is as far as i see it , to help works do get made in this manner . 
  that 's something one may or may not think worth a commercial regulation . 
  i 'm not seeing any evidence that works have stopped or declined in being made because of now frequent voluntary sharing , to even make an argument that this is also a problem . 
  but even a certain decline is perfectly acceptable , one because it does n't seem acceptable for law enforcement to have much to say what can and can not be freely shared between two people even if it were very bad for someone else trying to make some money ( its one thing to regulate commercial activity in the interest of commerce , quite another and far more invasive to regulate friendships and kindness to strangers for any reasons ) , secondly because the loss would need to be so great as to offset the overall utility gain in having more people with more information . 
  its ofc wonderful for people who can afford supporting things they like continuing to get made , to do so . 
  i do it too frequently . 
  but do n't have anywhere near the funding to donate each time for all my prolific media consumptions . 
  and do n't think its desirable for me to absolutely need to . 
  eg bought a book this month , read 2 more . 
  if i used a library , that would 've been supposedly ok . well english books are scarce in the library and i think its stupid not to practice a foreign language and reading a translation when one can read the original . 
  plus the library in this stupid town wo n't usually have much of what i want to read in any language anyhow . 
  so i have to buy , and do when i see good stuff in bookshops . 
  i do n't really see why downloading it is much worse ; just the modern technological equivalent of a full multimedia library . 
  let them deal with how to make it work commercially , its in their interest . 
  tax the network pipe if you need , like a membership card in a library and deal however you want with distributing that . 
  or how about noncommercial online libraries that secure rights and offer torrents for everything and anything , with a symbolic annual fee ( 1 seed all under a tiny pipe ; letting the users share further ) ? 
  maybe funded from such a tax ? 
  anyhow , not my problem . 
  so in a no true scotsman , one would include the counterexample in the definition . 
  ( ie a true scotsman is just the scotsman not doing whatever one initially claimed scotsmen generally do n't do ), 
  its difficult to outline `` true christians '' as you say , but i think it is fair to say an argument that claims an external criteria , like conformity to ( certain interpretation of ? ), 
  teachings from the gospels etc , defines `` true '' christianity is n't then the no true scotsman fallacy . 
  consider this example :, 
  informally at least , one can speak of a `` true '' representative species of a philium . 
  like `` true birds '' , or `` true mammals '' . 
  so one can say archaeopteryx is not a `` true bird '' though its part of the clade aves on the basis of some criteria that distinguish true birds from various historical forms in the actually continuous spectrum between non-bird reptiles and birds :, 
   we have had to stretch the definition of the class of birds so as to include birds with teeth and birds with paw-like fore limbs and long tails . 
  there is no evidence that compsognathus possessed feathers ; but , if it did , it would be hard indeed to say whether it should be called a reptilian bird or an avian reptile . 
  and there 's no fallacy in doing so . 
   make sure to do it because his novelty idea is dumb , not because his comment is childish . 
  no , the basis for downvoting something or not , as per reddiquette , is whether the comment contributes to the discussion or not . 
  not whether it fulfills whatever goal his author wanted to accomplish with it , or how worthy those goals are , in your opinion . 
  so a troll with a trollish novelty account should be downvoted for trolling , not for whatever one may think of the concept of having an explicitly trolling account . 
  hehehe , agreed , but i still think it a good advice . 
  oh and btw rereading , i see i could be taken to imply a `` childish comment '' acc is trollish . 
  so to apologize and state - 't was just an analogy . 
  hm , well i recently ( kinda ) raised this counterargument in a similar discussion - there are also metaphorical definitions of the word god that have nothing to do with the metaphysical - einstein is famous for using it in the meaning of - lawfulness of the universe . 
  so should we agree that we 're ( metaphorical ) theists too ? 
  i 'm at least glad he frames the discussion as a matter of evidence . 
  now all he needs to do to win this way , is to get from unsubstantiated claims of growing theism in the sciences , to acceptance of christianity as the best theory of nature in those fields .
