  he changed the pope 's robes maybe ? 
   i think you should summarise for me , because this is far beyond my local scope and well beyond the scope of regular media that i have access to . 
  i did , then you asked for links , but apparently you wo n't read those anymore than you 'll google :, 
   , while the catholic clergy pushed a gay marriage ban into the constitution . 
  while the same clergy is pushing restrictions on minority rights into the constitution . 
  and, 
    i was talking about the church 's recent and continous role , in advocating for and actively and openly organizing referenda to limit my rights , and now minority rights , first by a referenda for a constitutional definition of ( civil ) marriage as one between a man and a woman ( which is n't going to happen anyhow ) , and now by a referenda for a constitutional redefinition of requirement on a level of `` bilingualism '' in districts with a large minority population , for no other reason but because they fairly openly hate the serbs ( so the language is actually the same , only the writing is n't latin ) . 
  so a summary would be , a catholic , opus dei financed according to the largest newspaper ( they have never disclosed financing sources ) group `` in the name of the family '' sucessfully collected signatures and pushed through the constitutional referenda on the definition of marriage , with not just an explicit call for a yes vote from the clergy , but with organized signature collection by the churches and financial support to the organizers , with plentiful real estate being gifted to them . 
  masks were even thinner in the following referenda on minority rights , a more insidious act according to most analysis , even the newly-radicalized , dominant right party eventually distanced itself from this . 
  ( since marriage equality was not something anyone even contemplated introducing any time soon , the first parade only having been 10 years ago in the capital , and last attemts outside it were - one violent , another with two cops per person in th march , a boat , and a helicopter -- so the topic is only raised to vent homophobia and politically harness it for the church 's goals . 
  on the other hand , here we 're talking about a majority deciding on the removal of already aquired minority rights ) . 
  the request is to limit bilingualism in signs and public administration to only municipalities where a minority has a majority , as opposed to 1/3 the population , and consequetly removing it from places in istria where it has continued for decades , and more importantly , preventing its introduction in places with a significant serb minority presence . 
  we 're expecting this to be struck down on constitutional grounds , and moreover since minority rights , especially serb for reasons of recent war , were conditions for joining the eu . 
  the subtext , perhaps more prominent in the discourse on the matters than the topics as such , is in the church filling up the political vacuum on the right directly , and openly campaigning for the overthrow of the government by any means necessary , short of violence i guess , though the comittee on the defense of vukovar ( not directly affiliated with the church afaik ) did use just that against the president and government delegation on the commemoration of the war victimes some weeks ago ... 
  is my duty now to find english language links supporting each point , rereading about the opressive direction of my country lest i forget for a moment about the shit of the rise of neofascism on the backs of the great recession here , or ... ? 
  oh and another thing :, 
   i think you should summarise for me, 
  there are many , many better ways to ask someone about the troubles in his/her country , and the role of the church in them . 
  especially given the context where you opened up with the claim i just sound crazy , and a demand , rather than a question , that i back up the already twice provided desription with references , along with a downvote even though i 'm apparently salient enough to the discussion , for you to ask for further info , however impolitely . 
  so , it 's my duty to correct your ignorance ?? 
  entitled much ? 
  sry , but fuck off ... 
   leader of a world organisation wo n't pay attention to your particular local slice . 
  oh he certainly paid close attention , we are next door neighbours , right across a small sea , with a stiflingly close concordat with the vatican , and in a political union with italy , current and historical . 
  its rather that he has never shown any intention at all of reform , any intention to do anything to rock the boat of the church ; this is just a part of his pattern : likable platitudes and no substance . 
  and honestly , you think this quote is saying something supportive :, 
   the problem is lobbying by this orientation , or lobbies of greedy people , political lobbies , masonic lobbies , so many lobbies . 
  this is the worse problem . '', 
  so , the gready , the corrupt and wtf masons ? 
  and gay activists ? 
  and you do n't read that as populist drivel ? 
  so in other words , they have nothing against gay people , but the elites are collaborating with the gay movement and pushing gay rights on the populations . 
   you are an aggressive fundamentalist, 
  `` fundamentalism is the demand for a strict adherence to orthodox theological doctrines usually understood as a reaction against modernist theology , primarily to promote continuity and accuracy . '', 
  so , wtf ? 
   `` if a person is gay and seeks god and has good will , who am i to judge ? '', 
   `` it says they should not be marginalised because of this but that they must be integrated into society . '', 
   `` the problem is not having this orientation , '', 
  in other words , exactly the same as the theological stance that has been already the church 's position . 
  that reminds me ,, 
   leader of a world organisation wo n't pay attention, 
  that 's really what i meant , he wo n't pay attention , has not payed any attention to any specific reformist act , and i just witnessed a perfect example - a single deed with a concrete effect to the lgbt community perfectly within his power , of course not exercised . 
  he is wearing an iron cross and not making a show of hats , really slaves at being likable in demeanor , and that is exactly the totality of his contribution . 
  here 's to hoping , though it does n't look like that to me at all . 
  and john the xxiii announced the 2nd vatican council in 3 months after becomming the pope . 
  that look like actions of a reformer , working on a goal . 
  this looks like john paul ii to me : fluff devoid of substance , rotting . 
  but either way , then this selection is like the peace prize to obama : chosen not because of what the guy did , but for the promise of the possibility of what he might one day achieve, 
   if this only dude is n't hugely progressive over the last guy , i do n't think anything is . 
  that 's exactly what i think . 
  same theology , same positions , not an iota of reformist plans . 
  better dresser , those hats were fucking ridiculous . 
  but by this time into his papacy , john the xxiii had called the 2nd vatican council almost half a year ago . 
  that was a reformer , busy reforming . 
  and this guy seems perfectly orthodox and satisfied with the stasus quo on both structure and theology . 
  and downright scary in his talk of a gay lobby in the vatican ... 
  is there a way to bookmark a comment on reddit , without commenting like i am ? 
  apologies for the digression , will downvote myself . 
  ah , that 's why i thought i saw the option . 
  i just do n't have it on every computer i 'm using . 
  thx, 
  hah , obvious !, 
  guess i fixated on having seen it in reddit . 
  thx for clarification . 
   is there really no better alternative like electromagnetic motion tracking ? 
  latency , cost and field distortions creating a position offset seem to disadvantige it somewhat vs optical . 
  doc-ok speaks about the latter for a moment in a hydra review http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5bszvbyljm#t=97 . 
  so i think this is a great choice if the focus is - ultra low latency truly absolute positional tracking . 
  would be more practical if it were inside-out and so a self-contained device with ar potential - and since carmack is playing with that , they 're obviously considering it . 
   hope this external camera does n't become an impediment to peripherals like the stem/priovr . 
  perhaps they can help pick up the slack . 
  that 's what i expect : the goal of the rift is a commodity costing , ultra low latency , highest precision tracking for the best hmd they can get . 
  and it should stay so narrowly focused . 
  holodeck-like uses can add their own positional tracking as needed , but the rift does need to ensure leaning and similar for both image fidelity and consequently remaining motion sickness . 
  i do n't think vr can offer anything that 'll get me to stand up and walk around , nor do i care for any peripheries meant for such use , so any extra complexity incured to rift to support such scenario is just wasted expense to me . 
  and i think that 's a fairly common preference . 
  this way , occulus already offers the complete experience to me , though a good glove would be welcome . 
  heh , now that is particularly complicated , with all the occlusions created by the many joints on the fingers . 
  certainly needs a glove . 
  though idk if an optical marker set on a normal glove + say this cam might be enough or not . 
  like http://phys.org/news203687876.html . 
  16ct translation of aristotle 's prior analytics apparently . 
  using some latin translation of it . 
  and mistranslating it . 
  should have been `` assumes the point '' , or so . 
  problem there is that it then occupies a term for a very common logical fallacy . 
  highschool logic or any cursory glance at critical thinking level of common . 
  otoh , it was a fairly off the mark mistranslation to begin with , so it could do with some renaming . 
  but the habbit is centuries old , so probably even more robust than the unknowing `` misuse '' like here . 
  granted its weird , but creepy , or indicating untrustworthiness ? 
  that line of thought worries me ; the high social censure of being somewhat eccentric this implies . 
  and mentioning a spouse specifically - like a nuclear family structure is the one obviously correct way of living your life , and just like the family values rethoric on the right claims . 
  i tend to think idiosincratic wierdnessess are simply colorful , make for lively and engaging personalities , possibly make us question unthinkingly accepted presumptions etc. 
  there are also asexual people , or people that just are n't too troubled with their libido if they think one can gain more by ignoring it , so surely celibacy is a great fit for certain sexualities . 
  the more important reasons that lead to hermits and cenobitic orders , to do with the rigidity of social and family structures of the time , are admittedly gone . 
  my position whilst speaking this is being on either side of your criteria for a long time at some point in my life - now in a long term relationship , and previously pretty satisfied alone and sexless for some 5 years -- and generally associating with all kinds of weirdos , by what seem your fairly rigid criteria , among the artists i meet while participating in the organization of a contemporary theatre festival . 
  well , its one thing to say with the limited clinical data we can have in this few years , that vaping nic is very probably order or two of magnitude less bad than smoking tobbacco , given how bad smoking is , this is apriori plausible -- quite another to consider it harmless enough to recommend it to a non-smoker . 
  i mean , what can we really say about the effects of inhaling pg or vg in such quantities and for decades ? 
  they 're generally harmless , certainly ok to injest , even ok to inhale in asthma inhalators and animal studies ( kept in air completely saturated with the thing for a year and half , then having their lungs examined ) , but that 's a far cry from longitudinal studies on humans . 
  how harmfull can chewing pens be ?
