  how was this established ? 
  how did they tease out the cause from the effect in the correlation ? 
   in dark ages they said same thing . 
  we done all progress possible . 
  this is thinking of a priest from 1100 . 
  there will always be something to do . 
  they did , or is that just a myth ? 
  anyhow , i totally agree , is there ever such a point as end of progress in the far far future at all ? 
  i could imagine it , in that there are limits to physical laws so its in principle exhaustible , but yeah a really unsettling notion , always making you worry if you 've forgot some step after all . 
  which was kinda my point . 
  anyhow to get back to your first paragraph , perhaps what you describe just is a rather limited step of cyborgization - it need n't refer to implants under my skin , but just a fuzzy point where what i am , how i think etc essentially includes also pieces of technology . 
  sometimes i call wikipedia my exocortex for that reason :d, 
  anyhow , what you described now sounds like a really near-term future . 
  you have today systems that combine text and imagery . 
  creating descriptions from seeing images . 
  doing the inverse is nothing spectacular , all these models are invertable . 
  it just takes some different training data , but the algorithm is there . 
  which is automation of design modelling , nothing more . 
  one type of job less . 
  one skillset of little further use . 
  but the type of labor in question is still being done , in an socioeconomically unchanged economic system . 
  extrapolate further to a point where the human has nothing at all to offer in terms of labor . 
  either it is then reduced to a useless pet , say living from the minimal basic income and this is it . 
  or it is hybridized with the machines to a point where it 's still productively competitive in the labor force . 
  and prob limited to jobs that are still at that point where the computers have the slimmest advantage vs humans . 
  which today seem to mostly be highly paying jobs , requiring only creativity , or highest levels of human negotiating skills . 
  i presume it is the later , some of whom might just be inventors that hit upon a great idea , others , heavily augmented ( sure , internally or externally , but i presume methods would slowly become more invasive ) organisms maintaining a productive parity or edge in the labor force , that will make up the financially well-off of the future . 
  for the former all necessarily have the same buying power . 
  that 's a hero , not a bad guy . 
  i think its elfen lied , not sure . 
  why is he in and out of being banned ? 
  copyright issues or ? 
  this review pushed me over the edge , into watching redline right now as opposed to `` one day '' . 
  thx , it was quite an experience . 
  hm , that kinda went overboard for my liking . 
  as sao started , could 've been a story set in an interesting virtual reality . 
  log horizon on the other hand feels more like watching someone actually play an mmo . 
  edit : we learn more details about classes , spells , cooldowns etc than what should be necessary for world-building , to just to tell a story in a world . 
  oscar from rose of versailles is quite handy with the sword , so we wo n't die at the first encounter , but i do n't think we stand too much of a chance against an entire world infested with zombies either . 
  i 'll give us a few months , if we stay away from urban areas . 
  hm , unique styles as such appeal to me . 
  some examples ( sticking to shows only ) :, 
  it should be perfectly fine for you two to utterly despise each other 's tastes . 
  you do n't need to convert her , she does n't need to tolerate anything she does n't feel like tolerating right now . 
  all you need to do is manage shared resources together . 
  talk about arrangements for sharing the device and schedule , that 's all . 
  edit : oh , if you nevertheless want to demo anime to her , presuming you get a chance with some modicum of her consent , perhaps something like `` kids on the slope '' would have a better chance of seeming appealing ? 
  realistic character designs , cool music , targeting josei demographics , praised execution ? 
  or bunny drop etc you get the idea . 
  it should be predictable that something like trigun is unlikely to be of interest to her . 
   you cut her head off and have it pointing at the screen . 
  then you can count that as you two watching anime together . 
  warning : not childish , at all . 
  then make a respectable manga about it while in prison . 
  hoping for a respectable adaptation . 
   preferably stay away from romance-themed fiction : while not inherently bad they carry a lot of the negative stereotypes of anime . 
  hm , did n't think of that . 
  but that 's exactly the kind of story usually targeted at female audiences . 
  better chances of an anime-illiterate girl liking them too then , no ? 
  suggested kids on the slope ... prob nodame cantabile would work as well , i just did n't see it . 
  sounds good in theory . 
  did you have some shows in mind ? 
  the trouble with suggesting just ghibli is that these could easily be seen as childish cartoons , for a typical ghibli does target a more-less all-family audience ( ignoring some amputated limbs in princess mononoke :d ) , and frequently uses rather cutesy character designs . 
  so not ideal for establishing a veneer of respectability . 
  went into it waaaaaaay overhyped . 
  and it was a kind of show totally not for me to begin with . 
  the hyperpositive characters , the base humor , the grandiose plot , the conspicuous cookie-cutter morals , occasional pretensions to profundity , the boss-fighting protracted pacing ( it took , what 12 episodes just for a predictable wrapup , screaming and all ) , and just the utter averageness of the entire package , beyond rather fluid animations ... 
  i 'll give the original series a go at some point , when the wounds heal , i think , expecting way less . 
  indeed , not constructive at all given its significant flaws , that some , especially among the overhyped will no doubt find too much . 
  its one of my favs mind you - i 've yet to find a work that manages to be both outstanding in some way , and flawless . 
  which is why i ca n't bring myself to hype any of them much . 
  someone i respected insisted i should , so i did . 
  even got into a groove at some point , kinda . . but damn , so far from my tastes ... 
  i got this skinless thing at some point too . 
  how do skinless character designs look like ? 
  red muscle matter and bones only or ? 
  what does skinless mean exactly ? 
  you think science fiction genre need involve some scientific content ? 
  wonder what kind of science is involved in `` drowned world '' by j.g.ballard or delaney 's `` dhalgren '' ... you do n't get to define genres as you see fit , by ignoring works that already influenced and shaped its history . 
  it is utterly implausible with the contortions the parasyte body can pull , without even acknowledging this needing any explanation , but still it chooses to frame its story in rather tropish sf way of an alien invasion by superiorly capable biological organisms ( even the manner of doing so is rather reminiscent of old sf classics like heinlein 's `` puppet masters '' - with slug-like creatures , arriving in flying saucers , attaching themselves to people 's backs , taking control of their victims ' nervous systems , and manipulating those people as puppets . 
  - or ofc of `` body snatchers '' ) , as opposed to phantasmal incursion , demonic possession or any other explicit invocation of the unnatural . 
  hm , really ? 
  what disappointed you about it ? 
  thought it was quite a jarring , stand-out classic moment in anime . 
  its not rushed , its an intentionally quite shocking contrast . 
  and hinted at throughout the series . 
  now re how its done , yeah could be because of that read the manga ending . 
  though it works as is too - basically it just drops the narration at the very nadir of despair , rather than clawing a bit back . 
  worse , the series started as a flashback and by the end its not quite spelled out how one would exactly get from the end to pre-flashback state shown at the start . 
  there 's basically an episode worth of narration in the film ending and it wraps up a bit more conclusively , but otoh what series does certainly further highlights the shock so maybe it achieves its goal better . 
  kinda my procedure too . 
  but i do n't quite know what the compatibility % means - not infrequently , when i look at someone 's ratings with not that much compatibility , i still end up thinking their grades are rather reasonable . 
  i pay attention to their top-rated shows , to shows with most deviation , to shows we 're in complete agreement on , to overall deviation , and i check how many other high rated shows they have on the list we do n't share ( as an indication of overall strictness , which is just as important as the grades themselves in interpreting the numbers ) . 
  they should prominently post suicide irc chatrooms . 
  there 's something obnoxious about phones generally . 
  only one i allow calls from or make calls to is my bf . 
  if it happens to ring and its not him , i invariably wan na shoot it and the person on the other side, 
  i guess most people are rather unimaginative and boring then . 
  how could one not consider say whether they 'd choose to die instead of having a debilitating disease , how and where would one draw the line to decide on nonexistence . 
  can other quality of life factors not as clear cut as that be bleak enough for continued existence to be hedonically disfavored .
