  our safety depends on knowing our shit about batteries . 
  then counterfeit merchandise floods the markets , and apparently nobody is doing anything about it . 
  its not a difference between having a real brand watch or clothes or some cheap knockoff which has barely any consequences but for the fact that we could have had either the same thing cheaper , or a better look and durability for the same price -- but a difference between putting an ecig or a pipe bomb in our mouths . 
  hm , i 've seen nice things on samsung 25r . 
  digging up more dirt on it now . 
  ... you 'll stick with preventable for what ? 
  why did i even bother replying then ... 
  fact : a battery that vents pulling 17a , with a capacity of some 2500mah is outclassed by quite a few batteries on the market , like the lg he2/purple efest , samsung 25r , and ofc sony vtc5 itself . 
  little point in wasting your money on it regardless of your vaping habits and preferences . 
  though apparently at least some of the fakes might in fact be samsungs !, 
  is this a parallel mech w 2 18650s inside ? 
  what kind of currents is the button rated for ? 
   i mean we still have / r/snus on the sidebar , that has nothing to do with ecigs . 
  well , an alternative , better studied harm reduction strategy a prospective new vaper might be interested in trying instead of ecigs , or if he is failing w ecigs after trying them . 
  i think a link should stay there . 
  thx for the advice !, 
  i 'll check it out . 
  btw is the other poster right - there 's some disclaimer in that online purchase by which i promise to chew the thing ? 
  :p so silly . 
   i think that 's what people are going by now that makes snus legal to be shipped within the eu . 
  wow , how silly . 
  so either during the ordering process , or when i get the shipment , i 'll prob see such a disclaimer , claiming i 'll chew this stuff up ? 
  amazing . 
  hm , no ideas on a locking one , but never had an issue with my ibtanked . 
  22mm xl . 
  my pocket is the worst place to put an ecig i think , i keep pushing stuff in there way way beyond the point when nothing should reasonably fit . 
  its broken some plastic clearos when i still used such things . 
  still with this , never the slightest leak , or any sliding yet . 
  well from the bottom its got nowhere to go , sitting on a mech , even ignoring the flanges cartos i 've got have ; from the top , my slightly wider-than 510 bore drip tip surely helps keep it in locked in place , if any help happens to be necessary . 
  i too find cartos very reliable and a good taste experience when i do n't feel like dicking around with rebuilding and dripping . 
  unlike clearos . 
  and that cartotank capacity is great , esp for its size . 
  that air hole on the carto sits well below the level of the caps so no grooves there would help . 
  top and bottom are identical on them , just a flat ss donught :, 
  sits fairly flush on my mech - well , not really given its 21mm , but grooves the mech has on 510 and top cap do their job , and so i can screw the thing all the way down fine . 
  could n't you just distribute the extra wattage over more metal and cooling area ( thicker wire , more coils , more parallel threads etc ) to get similar vaping temperatures at least ? 
   no consistency in voltage/wattage , therefore your vapor , is weaker each fire and also during long duration firings . 
  yeah and why not - if mildly so , as it should be with a decent battery . 
  i really do n't mind . 
  what makes glancing on an lcd a better ui to figure out when its time to change the battery ( if you want an earlier cutoff that is , which is not a bad habit ) than just vaping without thinking about it at all and simply feeling the dropoff tell you so ? 
  or not even finding out until its really really dead vs having a slowly intensifying analog indicator , ie a bit less vapor ? 
   regulated has become so powerful , cheap , and accessible, 
  ... and comparatively bulky , incurring losses of power , and not really that cheap . 
  just to get a perfectly consistent wattage . 
  or to fiddle with the settings . 
  i do n't care for either . 
  in my opinion adding things to a simple contact on a tube , like regulation , should have strong advantages to be worth it at all , since the simple pipe already works so well . 
  and in my opinion it actually adds very very little . 
  up to 20 $ is enough for a perfectly good mech , since its basically just a metal tube with a switch . 
  yeah , i would n't spend 50 $ + on one ; people that do so , do n't do it for performance reasons . 
   you can even make more vapor with a high end regulated if you 're a cloud chaser, 
  well if you are a cloud chaser , you really need a high end regulated and are still stuck with limits and losses . 
  regulation ca n't put out more wattage than the battery is able to give no matter what it does . 
  so why bother with it at all ? 
  just more components to fail and to carry around . 
  what virus said - this switch is not safe if you ever go beyond that rating . 
  prob would last a while but might weld in an `` on '' state eventually , auto-firing . 
  should n't risk it . 
  love the concept otherwise - pining for a simple and cheap unregulated parallel mod - but material and the button need fixing . 
  hm just the kind of build - wire , resistance , coil type , i 'd like to do . 
  but i thought wicking to the middle of 24 turns of 28ga would be a problem . 
  do you do anything to address it ? 
   have almost no venting, 
  really ? 
  thought it had a hole in the middle of the button ? 
  not counting whatever it can vent from the top ? 
  only seen pics of it , not claiming anything ... 
  i generally think talking about religion or politics with random people , people you 're not close with is very impolite . 
  i 'm more likely to just be very cold and obviously so towards someone insisting on such a discussion , than to engage in any way . 
  luckily this happens really rarely around here ; avoiding such topics is the societal norm . 
  but todd did try if there 's airflow in the button , appears there is . 
  around it then i guess , given those recesses , though he said it wrong and thought the hole is for it too : http://www.toddsreviews.com/2014/01/4nine-mod-by-tarsius-customs.html blows through it around 15min 20sec , seemingly easily . 
  spec says max 1.7 mohm rds on . 
  idk , sounds like it should be tiny . 
  `` what 's black and blue and does n't like sex ? 
  the eight-year-old girl in my trunk . '', 
  and what exactly is wrong with that joke ? 
  it sounds like one of those dead baby jokes ? 
  eg what is red , bubbly , and scratches at the window before exploding ? 
  a baby in a microwave . 
  old trope now but when i first found them , and as a young teen , i loved it . 
   bitch is an oppressive word . 
  it constructs women as unintelligent , incapable , and subservient . 
  women are `` bitches '' when they challenge male privilege ... 
  uff , honestly ? 
  i do n't suppose this is based on some actual research on the usage of the word bitch ? 
  think i 'd call a guy of similar character something usually translated as bastard . 
  or maybe just a piece of shit . 
  its an insult for fuck 's sake , to be used when one wishes to insult someone . 
  oppressive word used against those that challenge male privilege , when not being deferential enough ? 
  how do these folks even come up with this shit ... 
  hm , perhaps . 
  though i thought joke would be easier to grasp with another specific example . 
  likewise with male equivalents for bitch . 
  re to bitch - its not merely redundant to imply an insult is oppressive , its simply an unjustified and as far as i can see incorrect assertion , and the pretentious rhetoric used to do so , covering the actual lack of substance , irks me to no end . 
  really ? 
  this stuff : http://www.dm.de/de_homepage/ebelin_home/produkte/ebelin_produkte_watteundtuecher/ebelin_produkte_watteundtuecher_watteundwattebaellchen/32790/ebelin-wattebaellchen.html ? 
  how can you tell whether its safe ( given so little info on the site ) ? 
  did you try it ? 
  does it wick better than their organic cotton , does it have a taste ?
