  i see it had an ova before . 
  not appreciated on mal but i 'll give it a look before . 
  i think the reasons are obvious . 
  as to how i dealt with it , went to sleep listening to a looped guts theme for a while , sought berserk related stuff around etc , till it got out of my system enough to carry on . 
  well sure , everyone needs some amount of porn , animated and tentacled or no :d, 
  this reminds me though of not having put injuu gakuen on my own list though i 've seen it . 
  needs correcting . 
  oni demonstriraju sta god vec demonstriraju , a mi demonstriramo pluralisticnost hr drustva ... who cares di sjede , koji su oni tu uopce faktor ? 
  white album 2 sounds rather interesting . 
  mal reviews sound rather reminiscent of how i perceived kids on the slope - but you put them in a different category . 
  could you compare the two plz ? 
  i just posted too late . 
  someone should 've mentioned it faster for it not to get pushed out of the visible ones . . 
  to be fair , i am a good 6 episodes behind what is aired , and possibly wo n't bother watching the second half at all - i 'll see . 
  perhaps its idk mostly harem for the rest and this is where you 're coming from . 
  if you take away the setting ? 
  that 's a rather huge intervention into any sf work is n't it ? 
  if you take away the setting , blade runner ( ie do android dream of electric sheep ) is a noir detective story . 
  so is mieville 's the city and the city - this being a writer where the topos is the real main character regardless of the genre he tries himself in . 
  drowned world is i guess just a story about a person 's rapturously happy suicide and mental regression . 
  dhargren , is there anything left of the book ? 
  maybe a mentally broken lead character as well . 
  solaris without the orbital space station and superior but utterly unfathomable alien intelligent ocean below ( neither of which do much to the story but to create the situation , and ask the questions of how to understand a truly alien mind , kinda like in parasyte ) would have to become a fantasy work where the ghost of main character 's past romantic affiliation continues to haunt his every day ... which he seems to settle by ( removing the station and the planet ) a contemplative walk in the park and subsequently moving out of the haunted house ? 
  as to the most interesting parallels are prob with `` the puppet masters '' , what 's left of it without the alien invasion setting ? 
  probably it 'd become what it was an allegory of -- a communist ideological infiltration into american society . 
  still the core topics of the show - how an alien being would see the human heart , the topic of simulacra , of one 's humanity being reduced to a mere likeness and/or the issue of where the core difference lies - are classic sf themes , simulacra being the staple of dick 's writing . 
  the parasyte 's exclusive self-interest which is shown in naturalistic language as opposed to evil , is perhaps reminiscent of the martians of `` the war of the worlds '' , whose evolution has left them hyperintelligent but emotionally stunted . 
  that work is also the father of the alien invasion theme in literature ( albeit not as in `` puppet masters '' and parasyte , a covert one ) . 
  of course quite similar parallels can be done with vampires . 
  when you come down to it , any demarcations made in the history were about the work 's presentation as naturalistic or not , and about it being a cognitive encounter with novum , with the new - as a new or alt-historical situation in continuity with our history as opposed to a different kind of universe with different operating forces , not so much any particular level of suspension of disbelief required for any particular twist . 
  these are quite clearly satisfied in parasyte , it is presented nationalistically , and as a near future in continuity with our current present . 
  for eg , in `` dhalgren '' , one of the defining works of the `` new wave '' of science fiction , in one scene the sun changes its size , its disk growing to cover most of the sky , for reasons never disclosed and rather unlikely to be some coherent story about orbital mechanics , given the fragility of reality itself in the city of bellona , and/or unreliability of the rather broken narrator . 
  you divided by 2 not by 20 , and rightly so . 
  11/20 would have been 0.55, 
  that does n't say much . 
  in pier paolo passolini 's influential ( if controversial - but praised by for eg directors haneke , fassbinder and on a number of `` essential 100 films '' list ) `` salo or 120 days of sodom '' , there are some famous shit-eating scenes . 
  while someone 's shouting `` mangia , mangia ! '', 
  ( eat , eat ), 
  right - and the same goes for passolini even in his other works . 
  and i 'm sure the work in question is nothing to compare with such classics . 
  i just did n't like that `` its so bad , people even eat shit in it '' position , as if one absolutely need imply the other . 
  i do n't remember him aiming for dictatorial powers over queerats . 
  it 's been a while since i saw this show though . 
  and anyhow , logically a powerful politician like himself would sail on the top of whatever political system would have come from his plot , were he successful , for quite some time . 
  i saw him as a robespierre character , brutal and progressive at the same time , and found it rather heroic . 
  i overall cheered for the guy - psionics were just too powerful to deal with in any other way but by surprise extermination . 
  if they were n't the pov for the story , i think our sympathies for their interests would be far lesser . 
  maaaybe it could 've worked out in the long run so everyone holds hands in an egalitarian utopia . 
  but his gamble was far lesser than something like that happening . 
  even in our own world , let alone in one so additionally drenched in psionic conflicts and barely stabilized in a fragile - and hence necessarily quite static - social engineering system as that one . 
  but was n't this an adaptation of the light novels , not of the manga ? 
  depends on how much power the fans that would be upset about such spoilers can have . 
  if there 's either a substantial demographic that would mind the spoilers and might drop the series if it goes there , or if such demographic is relatively loud and likely to hurt them by word of mouth or online , or simply the risks of this backfiring this way are not worth it - it can still make sense for them to avoid antagonizing them ,, 
  i was thinking about this a few days ago as well . 
  it seems the favorite topic of american live action , yet not so much in anime . 
  perhaps between imported live action and japanese yakuza films , the market on the topic is deemed already saturated ? 
  and its easier to compete on subjects where animation has an edge , like fantastic or historical settings ? 
  better than the guy that suggested just star wars . 
  its even needs an extra wrinke , for its an napoleon-like progressive emperor vs a democracy in a decadent state . 
  perfect !, 
  though thinking about it further , that would fit kuuchuu buranko even closer . 
  that show literary is - each episode , another mental disorder , and the mc is a psychiatrist . 
  with a truly psychedelic and rather technically odd ( and possibly ackward ) animation + rotoscoping . 
  oh yes , i 've seen it only a couple of days ago . 
  and i thought action scenes , in particular the `` boss '' / final fights are mainly a lot of dull yelling and showing off how inhumanly good and cool the mc is , interspersed with some mild gore . 
  but fluid animation of an incredibly gripping choreography , moves that make so much sense and so organically follow one another , underscored by the understated but so effectively atmospheric and tense music in sword of the stranger is on a level i 've never seen in film , animated or no . 
  if anything the inverse is a problem . 
  it 'll take probably more than a human life to cover just the highligts of `` fine '' literature , speculative fiction , `` artistic '' cinema , `` serial dramas '' , anime and occidental animation , games ( incl interactive fiction and visual novels ) , european and american graphical novels , manga/manhwa/manhua , as well as whatever music styles you spend time exclusively listening to . 
  and have time to lead a life during the breaks of consuming all that art . 
  generally , the plot , writing , and characters are simplistic and implausible . 
  i 'll just put everything in spoilers just in case, 
  [ ] ( / s `` incredibly lamely executed ending - a boring boss fight that spans 12 episodes in which nothing new happens - we 've already been told about all the relevant points and we just now have to waste time watching them getting executed . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` unidimensional character motivation - how al is not just a depressive wreck is beyond me . 
  i think he must really be a golem , that 's the only thing that makes sense with his happie/goodie attitude.ed for eg is just a naruto-like ball of anger and single-minded motivation . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` cookie-cutter morals and light tone - like , war veretrans with pools of blood on their hands squeamish about executing unhuman threats to continued existence of humanity ? 
  more generally , such deep good/evil contrasts - most characters should be more human to be even marginally relatable \\ ( occasionally selfish , cowardly , depressed etc \\ ) . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` preachy and pretentious plot given such a light execution - at one point it wants to speak about simulacra - is al a golem - only to drop the matter with no real ambiguity offered . 
  at another they realise the `` profound '' obvious point of the cycle of life - which again goes nowhere . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` in the end ed 's alchemic craft is sacrificed to get al 's body , which sadly is not just a quid-pro-quo by laws of alchemy , but also a depressingly preachy lession of truth on the value of human relations vs ambitions to power \\ ( contrasting how humunculus was treated instead \\ ) ... 
  [ ] ( / s `` shounen-tropish boss battles . 
  little to offer in terms of choreaography , or tactics , but they do offer a significant amoung of yelling and talking about needing not to loose . '' ), 
  [ ] ( / s `` plot holes - like an opposing state willing to attempt a risky invasion on the say-so of a war veteran of that very state ? 
  you 'd have to be a braindead fool to trust him . 
  and ofc they get betrayed and massacred , no kidding . 
  i guess its more a matter of cookie-cutter morals , but al not strangling pride in that darkness and allowing him to bang out ( obvious - i could n't believe they did n't think of it ) morse code to get rescued was such a cop-out as well . '' ), 
  edit : [ ] ( / s `` oh on the topic of plot , i ca n't undestand the leniencies ed and al have as members of the army . 
  even before , where nobody seems to command them all too much . 
  but especially when the gloves fall off , still wrath allows them to roam the world in search of a way to get their bodies back . 
  neither are they too suspicious as to why they 're not locked in chains in a dungeon untill the moment they 're needed , and as far as i can recall , nor do they do anything of value to wrath by attempting to do so to justify him not throwing them there . 
  maybe i 'm not remembering - but in any case , at least ed had to have been quite suspicious when being granted this . 
  there 's prob more stuff like this but ... '' ), 
  and then there 's the irritating , 4th wall breaking comedy and the rushed beginning you noticed as well . 
  on my fav list too . 
  but i guess the episodic format is its ultimate downfall . 
  there 's only so many 20ish min variation you can get out of any single premise before it gets rather repetitive . 
  hm , then it sounds rather derivative . 
  is n't some rather similar technobabble reason for hand-to-hand combat in dune ? 
  oh very nice picks . 
  second is quite a hole , its the kind of thing i 'd have expected the show to do well . 
  too many downvotes just for lack of spoilertagging , think you made some substantial contribution to the discussion .
