  goodbye . 
  that 's the upstream guy being real nice to dds . 
   it 's not that all gay men are toxic , it 's that enough gay men are toxic that if you want to be out and gay you have to either adapt or fight against this toxicity . 
  sometimes adapting means being toxic yourself . 
  i 've yet to witness anything particularly `` toxic '' , different or distinct in how gay or lgb people act in my admittedly obscure corner of the globe . 
  not that its particularly noble either , but rather , exactly as / u/silentpower sees it ; simply human . 
  and i would n't like it any other way either , really . 
  occasional place gets intolerable because of say how the owner or some regular behaves ( for ex , we still mourn the local gay/lesbian bar , cliquish though it occasionally was , and basically run to the ground by the owner ) , just like the public library can become intolerable due to how librarians there behave ( would n't believe the bitchiness of those criminally idle old ladies here ; i 've stopped going there ) , or as it can be with any cafe or bar or club or public place or a heap of people put in a single context generally . 
  i 'm not particularly sure what the meaning of calling the category consisting of say gay friends of my boyfriend or me and any gays that i occasionally see hanging out in some gay-themed places and gays i 've seen around generally `` a community '' . 
  reminds me rather of philosophy of science lessions i once listened to on natural kinds , and the ( negative ) example of a category of broccosaxodile , being anything that 's either a broccoli , a saxophone or a crocodile . 
  admittedly identity politics is very much in its infancy here . 
  anyhow , to me its no different than any other arbitrary collection of individuals and no more ( or less ! ), 
  toxic than most . 
  if we presume there 's a problem to begin with at all -- certainly ; well i def ca n't be a part of solving something i do n't even ever experience !, 
  many possibilities are open if you ca n't even get consistent accounts on whether some ( rather too loosely defined ) problem exists ; perhaps it ( whatever it may be ) is specific to certain communities ? 
  oh , reading back on your previous post , remembered that my response was mostly aimed at how categorically you were proclaiming your view of the community -  to claim that so many gays are so `` toxic '' that to be out as gay generally , you have to accomodate such behavior in some fashion is a sweeping categorical statement . 
  hence i gave what i believed to be a single counterexample ( if one does n't take the differing view on this / u/silentpower already expressed as another ) , which should be enough to doubt a sweeping statement of this kind . 
  also wondered if common human behavior i 've seen in other contexts ( and tried to describe with some humor ) might not be all there is to it . . 
  you could still be right say about the lgbt scene in major us cities or some wide category of that kind - perhaps that is terribly opressive in a way i could n't experience in the fledgling community of a postcommunist european country ; i ca n't comment on that at all . 
  but then you misspoke in stating your point overly universally . 
  acting with personal integrity and treating people like individuals , great or flawed , and seeing different mixes of either over the years has been in fact sufficient to be out as gay in a rather hostile society here ; fighting some gay community toxicity never need come into that picture , contrary to your general claim . 
  completely agreed . 
  but it does mean it is n't universal , as is here presented . 
  oh , discrimination and homophobia def are n't universal really ; particular societies struggle with them systematically but as a matter of fact in other societies few would ever be exposed to them ever , and so it would n't be fair to consider them systematic problems there . 
  i remember how my bf spoke of copenhagen for eg , where he lived for some half a year and in a relationship ; where he first witnessed not having to think anything of a kiss in public , as opposed to at home where an annual pride requires a row of riot police ( at the time ) ... 
   i have not met either of them , and i live in the south . 
  well , its an interesting analogy , but it does go a bit too far ; its certainly possible you did n't personally have to deal with people homophobic towards you ( outside of family neither have i really ) , but untill rather recently there were laws in the books that clearly did discriminate against you , and you were rather aware of the limits to your legal rights vs straight people due to the loud discussion of said homophobes on the matter . 
  that is precisely - being discriminated against . 
  as opposed to the obviousness of the presence of these in one 's society , here on the contrary you have the murkiest of categories -- rather ranting and nonspecific complaints of `` toxicity '' which by the description boils down to the most petty and consequently most human of things like gossiping , cliques , hipocrisy etc , mixed in with apparently some rather puritan dislike of the culture of casual sex and bodily beauty by the op . 
  ofc all of the above does affect people ; it affects also business office politics and free software project management , atheist and agnosic organisations and far-left journalists , contemporary theatre festival organisations etc ( taking some examples i 've seen first-hand or head from the personal experience of a friend , ie second-hand in various forms ), 
  so the only interesting claim is that there is something special , particularly endemic and/or traumatically worse in gay communities in particular . 
  prob universal is too high a bar , but something along these lines . 
  as none of this makes for a scientific study that could take any precise measurements , and is just impressions and personal experiences of op and other posters , few counterexamples should be just as indicative in the opposite direction , at least if the claim is that this has much to do with the fact that its about `` communities '' of gays ( ie . 
  universal ) . 
  if its a more restricted claims about particular scenes in particular cities , ofc , i have no comment , except to be a bit more careful in wording such claims then . 
  yup , that seems to be how the guy operates : https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/4cz4mx/new_mod_of_ecr_needs_to_settle_down_bans/d1mqjdb, 
  the `` situation '' is to be `` diffused and relieved '', 
   heck even the flag has a religious basis, 
  1 ) scandinavian cross in the flags of finland , iceland , norway , sweden and denmark represents the christian cross - these are some of the least religious places on earth . 
  2 ) i 'd trying to find something on religious symbolism of the current design at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_india and i do n't see what you 're referring to . 
  what is the official religious content of the swaraj flag with the spinning wheel by pingali venkayya as used during the flag satyagraha ? 
  or do you mean the wheel from the lion capital of ashoka that completed the original flag ? 
  admittedly having buddhist symbolism ( a religion basically not present in india at the time of the flag 's design ) , that is also a simbol of the first unified empire across the entire indian subcontinent - a rather stately choice , no ? 
  this seems the equivalent of using a motif from greek/roman mythology in a western nation . 
  drugi primjer iz gaming svijeta , autor ( ? sry nisam siguran ) dominique pamplemousse-a , deirdra ` squinky ' kiai ( sada dietrich squinkifer i gather ) je aseksualan i genderqueer . 
   beyond a certain minimum level the artwork becomes eye candy more than a real addition to the game, 
  this heavily depends on the game genre . 
  the exploration of and interaction with the game art/assets might be a fair portion of the point of the gameplay , as in many adventure games . 
  in hypertext , cyoa or parser fiction , its even only text - dialogue , descriptive and so on - that one might be exploring if the gameplay is n't the game 's focus . 
  of course , normally this means it is the aesthetic quality of the artwork ; the style of writing , the character of the pixel art or the model etc that is important , rather than anything like the polygon count . 
  or it could be focused on playing a game mechanic instead . 
  true . 
  but is there any reason at all to think it might have some relation to deepmind , as opposed to just someone taking a now famous nick ? 
  most mine are a reference to one thing or another ... 
   microsoft deliberately keeps their excel and word document formats ( xlsx & docx ) incompatible with odf which is the open standard . 
  theoretically , they simply use a different but also open ( ecma-376 , iso/iec 29500 - albeit quite [ controvesially ] ( http://lwn.net/articles/276059/, 
  ) ) standard - officeopenxml , instead of the odf . 
  however that thing also a barely implementable mess ; libreoffice tries really hard though ... 
  the surname is something like `` fooks '' . 
  means fox in german and yiddish . 
  there 's an audio clip at https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/fuchs, 
   go will likely head down a similar path in that much of `` best '' play in go is historically based and it is extremely likely that a significant portion of this knowledge will prove to be mistaken . 
  this is the most promising perspective for future superhuman go players , yes . 
  though you could say that historical knowledge often `` proves mistaken '' in go ; popular whole board and corner opening patterns in strong games constantly evolve , and there 's occasional revolutionary periods in the opening play ( most notably in the shin fuseki period of the 30s ), 
   i would be fascinated to learn how the tensorflow application has learned to play go, 
  is n't that rather clear from the nature paper ? 
  or did you have something else in mind ? 
   on abortion , we are talking about the belief that abortions is murder , i.e. 
  the unjustified killing of a person . 
  imagine for a moment , no matter how much you actually disagree , that you really believed that it was a fact that abortion was murder , and then try to imagine that someone told you `` if you do n't like abortion ( which is murder ) then do n't have an abortion . '', 
  would you accept this argument ? 
  of course , once you 're actually convinced a nation is supposed to be a christian theocracy , no such argument works . 
  or , i guess you can argue scripture or try to destroy their faith etc. . . 
  but if they accept a secular premise , that this is a country with people of many faiths and worldviews , where no particular belief is the priviliged by law , all you need to show is that their opposition to abortion comes from their beliefs about the souls etc rather than any facts about the fetus that are acceptibe across beliefs . 
  killing of animals is murder too in various worldviews and traditional religions , yet consumption of meat is not prohibited by law ( and i think i 'd have a better argument on facts about fully developed mammals than i ever could for a human embryo ) . 
  that is pretty amazing , and as far as i can see appears to be true . 
  that right has indeed been won in all european states ( edit : though apparently only recently in greece ) , i did n't even think it could be missing in a country like canada . 
  what the hell !, 
   okay do n't know why you could not just link it to save other people time but i looked and it was declared unconstitutional . 
  i do n't think it has at the federal level :, 
   the unequal age of consent law has been deemed unconstitutional by five provincial courts . 
  these decisions , however , are only binding in those provinces . 
  the federal parliament has, 
  failed to repeal the relevant statutory provisions despite these decisions . 
  provinces where it is unconstitutional are listed as :, 
  alberta , british columbia , ontario , nova scotia and quebec all declared the unequal age of, 
  consent to be unconstitutional . 
  ofc , a comparison to russia is ridiculous , but still given canada 's progressive policies generally , this is rather surprising to me . 
  why romanticize primitivism like that - neither is really true . 
  the dog is just a dog , and the human 's just an ape . 
  the former is sufficiently dumb to see nothing but a thing to chew on in what to the ape 's a sophisticated artificiality of sythetic dreams ; the latter is merely a bit less dense , especially in groups , and you prob know the global and societal consequences of that . 
  europe is working on increasing grid interconnectedness between states . 
  i hope germany might get a progressively larger percentage of its base load from france in the future . 
  how public ? 
  considering a visit ? 
  anyhow , i 've yet to meet an out trans person afk , so not sure . 
  i 've seen a cheesy talk-show a while back where a `` native '' trans kid and her mum were talking about their experience ; sounded like she did get into trouble at least a few times in the streets . 
  statistically sounds worse than being gay then ? 
  i think being black should help , if anything . 
  outside the largest cities that is , as that means you 're an obvious tourist , and we have to tolerate them , however grudgingly , given how dependant on tourism we are :p,
