  consider the prologue of the book . 
  consider john 's last thoughts , note parallels . 
  think the prologue would 've been narratively superflous if it did n't imply this happening to john for a while at least . 
  sure , but really strong effects can be established with high statistical significance with a small sample size too . 
  does n't really look like that here - i do n't see such strong claims in the abstract , but just saying , in principle , confidence in the result is not allways about the sample size ... 
  oh i wish something like that could work ( though you 'd need something bigger than a mere comet , extremely large for a comet or not , but nitpick ) . 
  but for one , they 'd have to be very regular then and we know they 're not , and more importantly , if its orbit is on a scale of decades , though i have n't calculated , i do n't think you can make that work out for any habitable zone orbit around any ( fgk ) star . 
  yeah that too . 
  well , ( possibly a bit thicker ) atmosphere could apparently buffer a short even if quite significant annual excursion outside the habitable zone better than one naively expects , but yeah certainly not on the scale of decades . 
   i know i sound like an idiot for suggesting that a famous actor forego a pay raise, 
  if you are , yeah that 's totally idiotic . 
  would you ? 
  presume you 're not even a fan of the matter at hand ; say its a remake of moby dick or ana karenina or whatever . 
  they 're not a charity , they 're doing their jobs , which means they should get paid as good as the company in question is able and prepared to pay them . 
  how is it any of their problem how many episodes of whatever hbo is able to finance ? 
  they should protect their own interests , and get as high a wage as they 're able to negotiate . 
  like every other market subject . 
  besides , do you really think their effort in creating this boils down to 10minutes ? 
  plus with their line of work , who knows what their future brings , they need some financial security for the long term . 
  it has allways been . 
  well , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , not to mention abominations like eleven , twelve . 
  any theories around about possible parallels between the others and undying ones from the house of the undying ? 
  oh i did n't know . 
  was truly magnificent in the role . 
  sad . 
  how do you get 20-35k of modern society ? 
  you 've gone deeply into the upper paleolithic there ( period between 50k or 40k and 10k or 20k years ago ) . 
  that 's older than the cave paintings in lascaux ( some 17k ) and altamira ( though oldest fragments could be as old as 35k there ) , for instance . 
  or do you consider upper paleolithic to already be modern in some sense ? 
  the civilization of sumer , if that 's what you meant , since its the usual dawn of civilization point , was settled only around the 5th millenia bce ( ubaid period ) . 
  you 're off by almost an order of magnitude , no ? 
  and the planet is billions of years old . 
  4.54 \u00b1 0.04 billions of years to be more precise . 
  indeed - obvious before i clicked , and wonder what else in his primary emotional mechanisms is now crippled in consequence too . 
  which is why i do n't get is what 's newsworthy here . 
  i guess testing the resuts for arachnophobia specifically , but that is n't much . 
  so fucking what ? 
   in 1999 , based on studies in rodents , enilconazole was identified as `` likely to be carcinogenic in humans '' under the environmental protection agency 's draft guidelines for carcinogenic assessment . 
  [ 5 ] however , because pesticide residues are well below the concentrations associated with risk , the lifetime cancer risk estimate associated with citrus fruit contamination was valued as insignificant . 
  sto se tice koristenja : http://www.pan-uk.org/food/the-relationship-between-the-uk-and-the-eu, 
   * top 3 most frequently found pesticides : chlorpyrifos , imazalil , and cyprodinil . 
   the use of imazalil to prevent growth of undesirable moulds on fresh fruit during storage and other, 
  agricultural products has been reviewed by all eu member states and their respective competent, 
  authorities have all allowed its use ... 
   with particular regard to residues , the review, 
  has established that the residues arising from the, 
  proposed uses , consequent on application consiste, 
  nt with good plant protection practice , have no, 
  harmful effects on human or animal health . 
  e estimated maximum daily intake ( excluding, 
  water and products of animal origin ) for a 60kg adult is 28 % of the acceptable daily intake, 
  ( adi ) , based on the fao/who european diet, 
  ( august 1994 ) . 
  additional intake from water, 
  and products of animal origin are not expected to give rise to intake problems, 
   the liver tumours observed form a borderline case f, 
  or classification for carcinogenicity . 
  in male, 
  rats the increase only involved adenomas and was li, 
  mited to the highest dose , with no, 
  dose response at lower doses . 
  this is considered ` l, 
  imited evidence ' for carcinogenicity . 
  the, 
  increase in liver tumours in male mice was observed, 
  against relatively high background, 
  incidences ( 26 % for combined adenoma/carcinoma , 16 %, 
  for adenoma , 10 % for carcinoma ) and, 
  was statistically significant for adenomas and comb, 
  ined adenoma/carcinoma only , with no, 
  dose response at 200 and 600 ppm . 
  the increase in l, 
  iver tumours in female mice was limited to, 
  the highest dose and reached statistical significan, 
  ce only by combining adenomas ( that were, 
  increased , but not statistically significantly , and, 
  without dose response at lower doses ) and, 
  carcinoma . 
  the evidence for carcinogenic effects in, 
  mice is therefore also considered ` limited ' . 
  given the limited evidence in both rats and mice , t, 
  here are insufficient grounds for a category 1b, 
  classification for carcinogenicity . 
  the choice is b, 
  etween a category 2 classification and no, 
  classification , depending on the mode of action tha, 
  t could account for the liver effects in rats and, 
  mice and their relevance to humans . 
  very nice !, 
  how come it seems so very elliptical ? 
  what 's the radius of the planetos ? 
   it 's ultimately insignificant compared to natural forces . 
  kinda . 
  the odd seasons are said to be magical , that 's quite a large effect on nature . 
  what is that ? 
  oh , elio and linda you mean . 
  well they stressed it was their opinion as fans , not something based on any insider info . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with them , but do n't think the case is any stronger just because they say so too . 
  i think seasons on planetos really have absolutely nothing to do with its year , or with any orbital characteristics of that body . 
  on the matter of measurement of the passage of a year , many civilizations measured the sidereal year , for that 's easier to measure than the tropical year anyhow ( tropical year is based on the length of days , so would prob be screwed by its magical seasons ) .
