  and we 're not even sure if that was enough . 
  if it was , then life develops really quickly and easily . 
  well or a gama ray burst , but thats a very low probability event . 
  oh and if earth 's past is any measure , then in most cases life is gon na be a bunch of bacteria and protists in different stages of evolution ... 
  there are many other possible obstacles - which may or may not be of relevance , we wo n't know until we know - you might have mentioned , for life to actually develop , but the thing is really hardy once it gets started , at least in the single-celled form . 
  i 'd guess he spoke of possible obstacles . 
  yeah , a long list of possiblities . 
  which one actually would prevent the birth and continuation of life , we ca n't know for we do n't have a complete scenario of even just our own abiogenesis . 
  let alone every possible one . 
  well i liked it too ... a solid 5/10 ... was fun :d, 
  no kidding , why whoever would 've imagined so ? 
  a rather insignificant point . 
  perhaps worth 1 % of the entire picture ... a rounding error in everything that goes wrong , or what one does wrong in life ... 
   if you 've read a lot of sci-fi , is n't as ground shaking as a lot of people here claim it to be . 
  hm , i like to consider myself quite an sf nerd , still found ssy ridiculously great . 
  i 'm ranking it a grade higher than gankutsuou perhaps precisely because i fall for sf - i found the essentially historic story about revenge and with such reliance on interest in character psychologies ( perhaps a bit stunted in this introverted nerd ) bit difficult to get into at first . 
  and the pacing felt a bit slow in the first episodes of both shows really . 
  i 'd agree that the execution of the premise is stronger in gankutsuou , and with art , its superb , beyond superb , i 've never seen something that gorgeous in any medium - while fairly lacking imho in ssy . 
  it 's just that the premise feels far grander and more significant , to my tastes at least . 
  as to the fact that its an adaptation , with such a drastic change in setting , that 's pure genious right there , i ca n't believe they managed to pull that off so flawlessly . 
  any ideas on the technicalities of their texturing ? 
  the fact the character is textured by being transparent to some texture creates an odd effect . 
  seemed particularly jarring in a narrow diagonal strip of textile , like what danglars wears . 
  so i ended up spending a significant amount of effort to see do they make the textures somehow stick to the character better and under which circumstances , or are they just always transparent to a texture . 
  still am not sure - had quite a few moments where i 'd say they sometimes do . 
  but just as few where that was my first thought and it turned out wrong . 
  i guess they ca n't texture moving occluding people properly w/o 3d models so this alpha-channel trick is the best choice ? 
  oh and did they actually name catalonia a suburb of marseille ? 
  or say luis xvi lived in the middle ages ? 
  : lol :, 
  i 've been having problems with planetes due to ai tanabe being so irritating on many occasions . 
  i really lost it when she started butting in family affairs of a colleague , and in a middle of a space walk at that !, 
  he was apparently immature for not accepting something about his parents or the like . 
  as if all parents are perfect . 
  or any of it is any of her god-damned business either way ... 
  it 's got ta be quite a few , or else they follow only gross movements . 
  its even simple things like hair highlights or shirts on stripes . 
  i 've seen a number of them move on say head rotation , or arm movement while the character is overall in a stationary position in the frame , while it seemed to stand still if ( s ) he was say going up & down in the frame due to walking, 
  do n't get me wrong - sure it works spectacularly well - the overall effect is to create most gorgeous scenes my eyes have ever seen . 
  but it does have that side-effect . 
  \\ ^ _ \\ ^ what do you mean , exactly ? 
  started out giving it a 10 . 
  then i saw more and more shows and it kinda drifted down because upper ranks felt overcrowded with shows i liked even more . 
  i really really like my 7-rated shows , and i really really liked s ; g. 6 are quite good as well . 
  hmm , that 's only by counting prequel series . 
  but the main series itself is only from 796 uc to 801 uc . 
  i 'm just making myself watch fma : b , and i certainly would n't think that would change the mind of someone not into anime in the first place . 
  it is after all a fairly conventional shounen flick if very well made . 
  the `` who 're you calling shorty '' and armstrong goofing around that passes for humor in anime is highly annoying for eg . 
  and would be insufferable to anyone not used to this convention of exaggeration in anime . 
  further , characters are flat/unidimensional , dialogues rather simply written , and i still do n't see what purpose or point the show achieves with introducing alchemy magic to its world but to just make a bit of escapist high fantasy . 
  now if this is untrue of the series when finished - that is still the impression one could get from the first couple of episodes , certainly not promising for an introduction to someone who dislikes anime to begin with . 
   jonah he lived in a whale, 
   well jonah he lived in a whale, 
   he made his home in, 
   that fish 's abdomen, 
   jonah he lived in a whale, 
   it ai n't necessarily so, 
   it ai n't necessarily so, 
   the things that your preacher, 
   is liable to teach you, 
   ai n't necessarily so, 
  gershwin , it ai n't necessarily so, 
  i 'm slogging through it right now , angry at the hype and heavily disappointed . 
  i guess its not bad per se , and both music and art are quite good , but my god : the writing , dialogues , characters , storyline , what passes for humor , its so waaay below my expectations . 
  a decent shounen flick basically , nothing more . 
  edit : ugh , but even in that frame , its so ridiculously stupid at times . 
  a military officer overlooking having found a deserter in some village , all dialogues are basically straight-faced without deception or holding back , a librarian that memorizes volumes by heart , another military officer speaking openly about his treasonous ambitions of overthrowing the ruler to his subordinates , soldiers shocked that army might be performing human experimentation , an atheist praying to god so that childbirth of someone they met like 5 minutes ago goes well , all that talking during fights and even pauses so that they can talk more for its not like they 're really trying their best to kill each other , the very notion that there 's someone in town well known to be a pickpocket and apparently tolerated as such , al trying to protect one of his kidnappers for no apparent reason etc. 
  such a bubbly world , such bad writing , so unidimensional characters ... 
  heh , no need to be so defensive , ofc opinions are personal , yet this does n't preclude the possibility of reasoned critique , or esthetic judgement . 
  idk not hunting for plot holes really , and good to know nothing as cheesy as deus ex machina ending is to follow . 
  if anything , i 'm getting to enjoy the epic conflict as it goes on more and more - as fairly light escapist fantasy that is . 
  but really , no holes ? 
  thing looks like swiss cheese to me . 
  to pick two examples from episodes i 'm currently watching - why would the northern army choose to trust kimblee , a war veteran of the enemy state , and attack when told , only to be predictably betrayed ? 
  why would he in turn lead ed and winry , hostage that is the only thing keeping brothers in check , on the same battlefield and risk them running away ? 
  under a transparent excuse winry gave , of needing to repair him on site ? 
  nonsense , ofc he 'd have kept her locked up far from his reach , if ever stupid enough to risk bringing her along in the first place . 
  this entire last episode seemed utterly implausible . 
  first doctor goes mouthing off to envy how he supposedly created superior alchemic mines , the verbosity of which would 've been a dead giveaway , if it were n't already the case that they tend to talk awfully much and freely give intelligence to the enemy , and the net effect was just to make envy take on a less manageable form to fight against . 
  some predictable monster fighting later , and after comic relief that follows , we have al freely sharing intelligence on ed 's location , and envy returning the favor for no reason at all as well . 
  there 's much more that makes me think of this writing and worldbuilding , rather than just the leads as being insufferably naive and teenage . 
  why 's bradley even inquiring how people feel about having a homunculus for president/king , why 'd he care ? 
  unless al really is just a golem , his character should properly be in a madhouse , or broken by unbearable depression , afflicted by complete tactile sensory deprivation , coping with the loss of his body and with a tentative grasp on any form of life . 
  instead , i 've not even seen him angry for a moment , which is ridiculous . 
  he 's got no inner life at all . 
  like they 'd issue a license to a slow-reflexed human to operate a potentially deadly vehicle . 
  hovering or not , i 'll be mandatory autopilot only , for everyone 's safety . 
  great list !, 
  might i ask why none of makoto shinkai 's works are on it ? 
  i gathered he too is quite a modern classic ? 
  hah , i 'm afraid i only saw one of his films , and the debut short . 
  usually the recommendation ppl give is his 5cm/s though . 
  nah , baci pogled malo na metastudije na tu temu ( npr http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2458/14/18/abstract ) . 
  the immitation game . 
  koja industrija trasha . 
  imas u linku , super je metastudija toksikologije ecigareta , pregledava koliko ono , 10 000 studija na temu sastava aerosoli ( ie kolokvijalno `` pare '' ) - odi pod full access - al ugl sto god ti padne napamet . 
  pretty much svega ima u nekoj mjeri , bilo kao contaminant neke od sastavnica , bilo kao nesto sto se razvije pri isparavanju , leecha iz uredjaja il whatever etc , i sve bar 10x manjim koncentracijama nego u cigareti , i dobrano ispod workplace exposure limita . 
   results : there was no evidence of potential for exposures of e-cigarette users to contaminants that are associated with, 
  risk to health at a level that would warrant attention if it were an involuntary workplace exposures .
