  which i think irks this puritan mindset in itself . 
  but , one can easily be fine with being addicted . 
  there 's a number of molecules i love , from ethanol and caffeine on , that are addictive and yet i have no intention of not taking them . 
  now delivery methods that minimize harm , that i 'm interested in . 
  thx !, 
  think i 'll try speaking with a friend , not sure how exactly but , she did speak fairly openly about her intimate issues with me during the festival , seems only reciprocal . 
  i 'll investigate whether going to a counselor is possible . 
  gather its something far more common and accessible in some western countries than here . 
  i find it fascinating anyhow , esp if in the cognitive bihavioral tradition rather than some freudian stuff and more importantly , provided i do n't end up in the hands of some homophobic geezer ( which could easily happen here - i 'm from and in croatia ) . 
  but i could n't really afford healthcare privately here , and the public system i can access via insurance , is such a trainwreck , you would n't believe the stories . 
  especially mental care . 
  tales on how `` treatmant '' of a friend 's schizophrenic brother looked like , from forced institutionalization of a volutarly and nonviolent ( and rather likable in my opinion ) patient , to conditions in the institution , ugh . . 
  whoa , why give a shit if someone cares about your music provided you do ? 
  8 instruments you say : that sounds amazing !, 
  re real world and other people : consider bach . 
  the guy ended up with a shitty job with an employer completely disinterested in his art . 
  even made him sign he 'll never write in an `` operatic '' manner . 
  he did ofc . 
  and got stuck there for 27 years , till his death . 
  when he found a vent for his musical expression in the form of a band playing in a local `` bar '' ( well , a coffeehouse ) , they told him he obviously did n't have enough obligations in the church . 
  and most reactions to his stuff were `` too many notes '' , `` old '' etc. 
  does it make his artistry uimportant ? 
  i can assure you its not . 
  point is simply that `` real word '' and `` other people '' are quite irrelevant measurements , more often wrong than right . 
  well stoning her would guarantee she does n't :d, 
  i followed the drama a bit but not the aftermath . 
  so you thing it ended up being a net positive change ? 
  hm , i think that at least in regards to american tourists , it really is just a cultural difference . 
  usually they 're just too open for my tastes , and i have n't seen that many lower-class american tourists . 
  then again , ca n't say i found american tourists usually horrible , just somewhat irritating . 
  its just that they 're too friendly and too close too fast . 
  i 'll get to know where they work or study , or how nice their coworkers are , how they choose it , or how they payed for it , or how they get along with their families or some such stuff even from complete strangers . 
  extreme example : i remember one situation with a larger crowd including an american girl . 
  biology student that just would n't shut up , but we got to know everything about her interests and life situation . 
  later spoke with a malaysian girl in the same crowd . 
  quite interesting , works as a system administrator , surely we could have had some interesting conversations about the profession and the differences between the cultures . 
  only found out in explicitly asking and got very little beyond a straight reply . . 
   what you need to consider immediately , however , is this . 
  is making life-altering decisions and contemplating the depth of your relationships and such , presently , a good idea ? 
   because , like you said . 
  you are in a vulnerable position , where your decision making thought process may not be at its 100 % . 
   you should always consider making such decisions when you have a level , and calm mindset ( at a later time , when you are better off ) . 
  ideally speaking , of course . 
  all very good points , and i must agree . 
   could you tell me some of the things you liked about your previous job ? 
  paychecks not being late , which sadly does n't go without saying , and working with free software tools and systems , which is not that common here yet . 
   have you considered looking for a new job ? 
  how is the job market in croatia ? 
  well , we 're in the 5th year of recession , with unemployment above 18 % , so not great . 
  however , i should be getting a contract or some payments from various activities at an ngo , depending on how well their projects get funded ; that seems the most likely perspective , and most favorable . 
  that could fall through though ; i 'll need to expand my search depending on the signals i get from the program leader of the club . 
  ( i 've been volunteering there and occasionally got paid , for some 2.5 years . 
  did more than my usual share this summer ), 
  first i need to make sure my part in the upcoming project , mm-camp , next week , is done well . 
  so , i think this will be under control , at least for a few months , with an economic recovery forecasted for 2014 , and under an optimistic scenario . 
  ofc worse scenarios are also quite possible ... 
  thx for the advice and support !, 
  edit : i 've felt better for the past 2 days ; the event triggering this post , i did read correctly ; the attitude was , it was my business to wake up on time , and he though it demaning to `` plead '' i come . 
  i do n't really understand how mere knocking on doors could be interpreted so negatively and why he 's being so sensitive but ok , fine , i guess its one possible way of looking at things , plus apparently i did n't miss much . 
  talked with a friend a bit , fairly indirectly for now , but still it helps . 
  idk ; until i 'm overcome by a next bout of hopelessness , things are looking ok , on the interpersonal front at least . 
  and i 'm hopeful re cash ; my suggestions for taking on more activities are being accepted , knowing my position , and this usually correlated with some payments , though i 've not had it explicitly stated so yet . 
  ritual cannibalism ala `` stranger in a strange land '' sounds appealing . 
  but that prob wo n't happen . 
  donating anything that can be of any use would be the most useful way of treating a corpse , and if it is unusable , sure burning seems to decrease the volume . 
  but its allegedly quite expensive to have a cremation here ... 
  `` to execute a business '' is a metaphor . 
  neither the legal procedure , the authority to do so , nor the mehanism is comparable - only if one presumes a company is similar enough to an animal does its abolishment seem analogous to a death of an organism . 
  to `` execute something in texas '' seems to refer to administering one of the lethal-to-humans methods of killing , certainly not being done by a comptroller 's office to anyone . 
  let 's avoid equivocation here . 
   waltzing up into a conversation, 
  this is a forum about technology , not a collection of individual or group `` banters '' . 
  still , sry , did n't mean to ruin your fun ; thought you were making a point , albeit in a joking manner . 
  but plz ,, 
   how do you handle the sheer volume of social invitations you must receive for such an invaluable service ? 
  umm , is this some kind of projection ; do you spend significant time worrying whether you present yourself in a fun and likable manner to strangers ? 
  not that its any of your business ( but since i find the concept of socialization you imply odd ) , but my social life is of a kind i enjoy having , which does n't involve that many people generally , and especially , i do n't usually like strangers , or many of them at once . 
  exception being tourists , to an extent . 
  chances are , i 'll choose an evening with my partner or a close friend or nobody but a book , a film , or a documentary , over anything that includes more than say 6 people , and the typically shallow conversations , or boring people striving to be artificially likable , that usually happen ... 
  but , i 've not seen ( or felt ) this implicit insecurity and anxiety about how one `` flies '' at parties since maybe college . . 
  nah , he just forgot what he was about to say :d, 
  psychotic humans dying on mars , that sounds astoundingly great in comparison to the doing-nothing we 've been practicing for the past 40ish years ... 
  lives are n't that valuable , in that we spend them like pennies on completely moronic things , and apparently many would gladly take the risk . 
  also the notion of cause is not unproblematic in philosophy of science , and in actual physics , plays no role at all . 
  but i do find it interesting that an infinite regression of causes is so abhorrent to the traditional western arguments , yet is the obvious starting point in for eg buddhist cosmology . 
  sounds like a parochial or purely esthetic rather than a logical objection . 
  though obviously a good generic health advice , in context of nootropics , why would you say ppl should stop smoking , given that nicotine has been noted for its cognitively enhancing properties ? 
  now , there are better ways to take it ofc than by smoking , but still , even smoking is hardly any detriment to your cognitive capabilities , and likely quite the opposite , no ? 
  well , when you put it that way , there 's certainly a way , eg :, 
   article z. 
   all members of parliament are obliged to carry a `` i 'm a member of parliament '' sticker the size of x by y centimeters on their chest whenever leaving their registered place of residence , or can be shot freely . 
  if anyone not a member of parliament tries to talk to a member of parliament carrying the sticker he or she can be shot freely . 
  for the duration of the mandate , a member of parliament can not have any visitors at his place of residence , and any person entering , exiting or standing next to the doors of his or her house , can be shot . 
  any mail sent to the house will be burnt . 
  telephone , internet to the place of residence will be cut . 
  all communications in office will be monitored , and sender of any electronic mail , private messages or any other form of communication adressed to the member of parliament will be shot . 
  silly , but certainly not impossible :d, 
  any reason a non-us citizen should give a shit ? 
  i mean , some americans wo n't get payed , others will have to deal with a partial shutdown of the bureaucracy . 
  but unlike some actual foreign policy acts , this seems to have absolutely nothing to do with the rest of the planet ...
