  still enjoying some protection simply by not giving it hyperabilities until confident about its motivation system , but ... 
  tldr : security should be designed with a tiny bit of thought before believing mere brute intelligence would make the difference and prob circumvent it . 
  for it naturally takes very little intelligence for really bad protocols to break . 
  his work is bleeding edge , yet has no similarity to what a superintelligent self-motivated ai would look like . 
  sure its a distraction . 
  doubt he 's into multi-decade-long forecasting of large trends either . 
  what he 's doing is an instance of an insight , an algorithmic breakthrough less than a decade ago , first seeming promising , then slowly overthrowing the state of the art in subfield by subfield . 
  not some obviously predictable accumulation following a trend like the moore 's law is . 
  how would one forecast having a great new idea , and whether that 'll happen by 2045 ? 
  no , that does n't even formally work . 
  eg : i am sleepy , my cat is sleepy , so i am my cat . 
  you could say so . 
  its dark to electromagnetic waves but normally `` visible in '' gravitational influence . 
  just a different `` spectrum '' of imaging in the end . 
  and interestingly , its not even necessarily in the same place as regular matter ( ie mass we can also see in the em waves ) - so it ca n't just be a tweak of the equations . 
  center of total mass vs center of `` normal '' ( baryonic ) mass in the bullet cluster - http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/0608/bulletcluster_comp_f2048.jpg, 
  though in some models this can just be some type of dark matter we know of , like neutrinos , plus some margin of error , plus fairly convoluted equation etc. . . 
  you have no fucking clue what the tempo of breakthroughs the future brings , nor which or how many are necessary . 
  that 's the whole point with them being future breakthroughs . 
  if you could map them on a timeline , they 'd hardly even be breakthroughs . 
  though , if you do want to consider just a whole brain emulation as accomplishing these goals ( a fairly boring way to go about it really , but whatever ) , the study on the matter considers it quite doable by mid 2030s . 
  if supercomputers continue their fairly rapid exponential growth . 
  more like 2070s if its closer to commodity hardware curve . 
  extra billions of dollars spend on it could cut a decade or so . 
  i 'll point you to the 130 pg 2008 technical survey called [ `` whole brain emulation - roadmap '' ] ( http://www.philosophy.ox.ac.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0019/3853/brain-emulation-roadmap-report.pdf ), 
  more concretely , it thinks preservation pretty much there , scanning resolution is - perhaps surprisingly , also there ( with techniques automating sectioning and scanning electron tomography of the resulting ultrathin slices like atlum , fibsem ) , but in requirement of up-scaling to industrial scale necessary to slice and scan the whole brain volume ; image processing and modeling pretty much already standard , though the process may need some adaptations to handling the wast data as it streams from the scanner ; and basically the computational resources , predictable by moore 's law as the main limit . 
  and we know what we want to write ; an run of the mill model of every individual neuron , of the kind standardly used in computational neuroscience . 
  now how much detail we need to add is a matter of varying opinions , though most neurologists surveyed for the paper linked above fall somewhere between spiking neural networks to metabolite & neurotransmitter concentrations . 
  details to work out as the project goes on . 
  there 's plenty of room for exploring neuronal exotica in the next 20-30 years , esp judging by progress on such in the last 20-30 years - most tweaks of this kind are n't that computationally expensive anyhow . 
  we might try a simpler one much sooner than mid 30s , for eg , just an efficient spiking neuron model like the one from izikhevich 2003 , though many ( but not all ) neuroscientist would expect that not to be enough . 
  few gflops per neuron for real-time performance seems quite common in current-day modelling . 
  emulating a human brain does not require knowing much ( or anything really ) about the ( specifically human ) brain . 
  all it cares about are how individual kinds of neurons generally functionally behave . 
  and progress towards it is no great mystery - its like any science , starts with worms and flies , goes on to rats and cats , then on to monkeys and finally humans . 
  working out the details as you scale up . 
  we 're at worms and flies now - http://www.openworm.org/ , http://www.frontiersin.org/10.3389/conf.fninf.2014.18.00043/event_abstract, 
  now what kind of `` programming tools '' do you think are necessary to do any of this , beyond a compiler and a text editor anyhow ? 
  the 2012 breakthrough in computer vision consisted in a guy , a 2xgpu rig in his bedroom , and a bit of magical c code ... 
   you ca n't break down sentience into a set of instructions . 
  sure you can maybe make a brain in a jar ( as i imagine those papers are looking to do ) but without a spark , an impetus its just a collection of neurons firing . 
  we have this habit of analyzing all physical world by reducing it to numbers , and its dynamics as calculations ( ie instructions ) on those numbers . 
  should be no less applicable to sentience than to spaceflight or high energy physics . 
  `` you ca n't break down sentience into a set of instructions '' sounds a bit dogmatic , what is this magical spark of sentience you 're talking about ? 
  do we need pixie dust in our synapses ? 
  how is this not just 21ct vitalism ? 
  i agree with you re all current ai . 
  it does specific tasks . 
  though if you go , brain region by brain region , we are n't much more than a bag of machines doing specific tasks . 
  indeed mostly tasks fairly similar to contemporary ai - like image processing and speech recognition . 
  but still agreed , there are other , architectural aspects where its totally dissimilar . 
  but you invoked a full-brain simulation . 
  now that has no similarity to ai and we only need fairly modest , neuroscientifically plausible hypotheses of philosophical functionalism and a presumption of fairly high-level neural representations being enough , to be forced to conclude that has to be just as conscious as you and me . 
  yeah , either can be false , but why start from a pessimistic premise ? 
  anyhow , this is a philosophical objection . 
  skepticism about other minds is generally not disprovable , so it ca n't very well be a fruitful debate . 
  the technical side of actually going about doing something like whole brain simulation is challenging , and fascinating whatever we may get from it . 
  bit of an odd way of phrasing that question . 
  i mean , i 'd expect some major cognitive dissonance in many religious people to even accept the premise , that science could be in conflict with religion . 
  or that they do n't sound like an utterly close-minded dogmatic if they affirm `` religion is always right '' simultaneously when accepting a premise that should , to varying extent but still in at least some , lower the chances of this being so . 
  i mean , stating it so bluntly , even to just themselves , may conflict with their self-image . 
  well yeah , obv its not an issue in itself , if the population is living in abject poverty . 
  but economic growth is just as relentless , and most would consider dramatic increases in the living standards , and so food , energy , produce and resource utilization , of the world 's billions highly desirable and even urgent . 
  yet even arable land enough for all of them is quite an issue presuming for eg the increases in meat consumption correlated with growing purchasing power etc. 
  so its not a misnomer but just dependent on an extra premise that is widely held true . 
  frankly i 'm afraid of uploading more than of agi . 
  the latter would be subject to conscious design in each step . 
  the former , we take these petty , aggressive , irrational creatures and give them a shot at superabilities ? 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  also on a technical level , i do n't get how one would go about enhancing an uploaded human . 
  you can speed up the simulation so it gets a millennia in a year , that 's a superability , but to boost cognitive abilities , what virtual neurosurgery are you supposed to do on it ? 
  and , at least while the tech is young , how is that any easier than doing it in vivo ? 
  just putting more neurons in the relevant centers probably wo n't do it . 
   they would arrange their geometry ( collective may be best ) and through the machine have prodigious memory , knowledge , calculating power , etc. 
  how is this fundamentally different from what we have now - a team of scientists supported by the statistical and pattern recognition tools in the supercomputers they use for some research ? 
  well , apart from giving them a vr environment to collaborate in , but that too is today 's technology . 
  because , you still need to design how these brains would interface - and the obvious way is to jack into the sensory apparatus of the brains , hijacking its existing interfacing capabilities . 
  people have been given various extra senses using such an approach - jacking into some tactile sensorium to send it say , compass info and the like . 
  now , biggest and most powerfull sensory system by far is vision . 
  but it does n't seem that much different to jack into occipital lobe 's v1 directly , than to shoot at the exposed retinal tissue that projects to it . 
  which is exactly what any computer screen does . 
  and with vr does so fairly comprehensively . 
  so why would bypassing the exposed brain part that is the retina and interfacing with a deeper structure like the v1 be advantageous ? 
  well i mean the notion of divorcing the two is certainly appealing , but i 'm skeptical that it is so simple . 
  and capitalism does n't seem to cover what we 're talking about either - it is a deeper feature of human civilization . 
  another practical issue here is that we do have capitalism now quite universally on the planet - probably more universally than ever in history of civilization . 
  we 're facing the obsticles right now , and so one would need to think either that some truly radical change could happen really quickly , or that indeed our capitalist economic growth fueled coupled with the population increases will indeed continue to be a progressively intractable conundrum . 
  and rather than any potential for radical change , if anything i 've seen only sclerosis . 
  though admittedly that 's usually not something visible from afar . 
  still precisely because of that , its no more a plan than hoping for a miracle to happen . 
  now , let me get back to why i think its deeper than just capitalism . 
  presume a classic left anarchist utopia instead . 
  this by a typical 19ct definition means only that profit , rent and interest are non-existent . 
  note this deals not with what human desires one has , but with who benefits and by how much . 
  not with not producing just as many tvs and fridges and slaughtered animals , but by benefiting equitably from the production . 
  and some habbits are quite persistent , even if a political system changes , presuming it changes in the direction of more rather than less individual freedom , including dietary choices , propensity to travel , modes of transportation and the like . 
  and moreover current infrastructure is also persistant . 
  can be used in a different way , but it can also constitute a limit on what 's doable or at least easy for a free , inert population to decide to do with it . 
  so , how do you imagine death of the profit motive translates to say at least an order of magnitude of resource consumption less for the same number of people ? 
  would n't they still desire their computers and ipads and tropical fruits shipped from the other side of the planet and `` cheap '' ( easily available ) plane tickets and `` cheap '' oil and ... only to not have their labor exploited , rent and interest extracted , while pursuing these same ends .
