  so , that 's based on the measurement of the stars . 
  that would be something like - first time this and this star is visible in the east at dawn is the start of a new year , etc. 
  could be he meant that ? 
  in the real world , a decent number of solar calendars still in use is like that - eg hindu calendar , tamil calendar , bengali calendar and malayalam calendar . 
  think this was previously known as well , but anyhow i 'm really glad that 's the case , for irregular seasons occuring on a scale of decades would never have worked physically anyhow . 
  better we get top-notch fantasy than really crappy science fiction . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwajezl69w8 il ima neki drugi ? 
  and gave him a raise in season 6 too . 
  for which they had him anyhow . 
   about how they had arrested 81 participants in the parade ,, 
  nah , they are trying to join the eu after all . . 
  previsoko . 
  u 2015 samo 0.6 % . 
  previsoko . 
  in-browser je uzas . 
  bar u ff . 
  that 's just a matter of perspective . 
  for the lords that proclaimed the king in the north and if they intend to continue that support to a stark sovereign rule , they should recognize rob 's decision on john as well . 
  for whoever sits the iron throne , certainly not . 
  for stannis , no , though he offers the same thing independently . 
   `` queer , misshapen race of half men ... the seed from which legends of merlings have grown , '', 
  hmm , but the others are rather beautiful , elegant and ethereal . 
  the show mummy-like white walkers do n't really do justice to the book others . 
   the others are not dead . 
  they are strange , beautiful ... think , oh ... the sidhe made of ice , something like that ... a different sort of life ... inhuman , elegant , dangerous . 
  there 's also an interesting claim there that the description of the armor others use , armour that shifts in colour with every step , sounds similar to the armor cotf were said to use , but i do n't know where the latter comes from . 
  certainly our knowledge is not complete . 
  but it is the best guess we 've got . 
  as to the example you give , this seems hardly as certain as you make it out to be - erosion was perhaps ( partially ) caused by other processes - possibly by for eg . 
  haloclasty , or by `` wet-sand '' erosion though i think the latter is discredited ; and the area in question was not in fact as dry as presumed at the time , newer climactic research showed . 
   the rainy conditions of ca . 
  5000 to 7000 bc , to which schoch attributed the degradation of the sphinx , will have been separated from these later arid conditions by a transitional phase , during which increasingly arid conditions will have been interrupted by occasional , probably seasonal rains . 
  flood damage to menkaure 's valley temple22 attests to the fact that , during the old kingdom , rainfall run-off was a significant agent of erosion at giza . 
  geological conclusions of extreme antiquity seem to be wholly based on the convictions , preferences and analysis of one guy , certain robert m. schoch . 
  another analysis of geological evidence in eg http://www.ianlawton.com/as4.htm, 
   the climatic record for egypt indicates that , although conditions have been predominantly arid , it has rained . 
  modern rainfall statistics show that , although significant annual rainfall totals have been recorded , most of the rain falls in relatively short periods . 
  such short rainy seasons , together with suitable ground conditions ( such as those provided by the fine grained limestones at giza ) lend themselves to the generation of run-off . 
  these conditions have extended back until the late fifth dynasty , before which the climate was notably wetter . 
  the general absence of erosion features on the early dynastic mastabas at saqqara and the 26th dynasty tombs at giza suggests that the actual rainfall that has been experienced is not responsible for intense degradation . 
  if , as i maintain , the sphinx was excavated in the second half of the early dynastic period , it will have been subjected to the cyclical degradation described above - with fairly arid conditions experienced for much of the year and more intense seasonally distributed rains leading to run-off into the western sphinx enclosure . 
  under this scenario , the western sphinx exposures will have gone through a large number of weathering/erosion cycles in the few centuries allowed by my dating , constantly regenerating the degradation of the western exposures and leading to the comparatively rapid degradation of the exposed limestone . 
  there does exist , therefore , a clear mechanism by which the pattern and nature of the degradation within the sphinx enclosure can be interpreted in terms of an early dynastic date rather than the much earlier date advocated by schoch . 
  naturally , conclusions in better coherence with the rest of our knowledge - historical and archaeological in this case - have better chances of being correct , if less fun and exciting than presuming some radical mistakes in what we think we know . 
  hmm , does n't seem too plausible to me ; these are lumbering zombies , often partially decomposed . 
  granted our knowledge is very foggy here , so maybe this is just a mistake , but seems to me mistaking the undead for a queer race of merlings ( or any kind of liiving creatures ) is not an easy one to make . 
  seems so yes . 
  and the northeners certainly fed their weirwoods with human flesh . 
  i to je +300 % brisanja , makar mogu to sad rijesavati i mailom ? 
  samo ne virujem . 
  for comparison , zadnji put da je nafta kostala 52 $ je bilo 2004/5 . 
  sure , got it . 
  ja isto really , al duuuugorocno , 
  very nice , thx for doing this !, 
  i 'm in !, 
  when they do start recognising out-of-state marriages , then the difference would practically be just a procedural one anyhow ? 
  head to a state border , get a wedding , go back , right ? 
  abs . 
  al i da si kupujem downloadable stvari , em jeftinije od real thing , em nema troskova dostave . 
   totalno je u pravu . 
  re ekonomije , completely agreed . 
  agreed . 
  totally agreed . 
  looking at the details , support for djb 's favorite curve is in !, 
   for many people the nist and also the brainpool curves have an doubtful origin and thus the plan for gnupg is to use bernstein 's curve 25519 as default . 
  gnupg 2.1.0 already comes with support for signing keys using the ed25519 variant of this curve . 
  this has not yet been standardized by the ietf ( i.e. 
  there is no rfc ) but we wo n't wait any longer and go ahead using the proposed format for this signing algorithm . 
  the format for an encryption key has not yet been finalized and will be added to gnupg in one of the next point releases . 
  recall that an encryption subkey can be added to a key at any time . 
  i thought us supreme court had a fairly conservative composition currently ? 
  why do i get the vibe that us commenters in this subreddit are fairly sure it will rule in our favor ? 
  this just says you indeed have a legal right to give your stuff away for free , what do you mean by `` need '' ? 
  if you mean counterfactually , that this implies you could be refused the legal right to give your stuff for free , well sure - lots of unreasonable things could be legally refused to you , theoretically , and depending on the regime where you live . 
  your right to freedom of conscience , to free speech , or even your life on grounds of ethnicity or sexual orientation ( totalitarian examples that come to mind ) . 
  tako je . 
  bilo je tisucu prilika do sad u ovih 6god ... 
  disagreed . 
  the blacks . 
  succession wars would be far less likely if the autocrat 's desires on the matter getting followed had been better entrenched in the tradition . 
  further , war was still avoidable the night the king died , if ravens flew immediately . 
  but after the greens took advantage of their position in the capital , it was n't anymore , for the other claimant was left no other choice but force . 
  and a taste of having been robbed by dishonorable actions of her rivals . 
  for this reason i hoped viserys i would change the succesion order before death . 
  would 've been clear-cut then . 
  but given that he did n't , blacks had the better claim . 
  suspicions of bastardy are easy to create ; unless proven should n't matter in succession - just opens more possible excuses for wars . 
  and there was no proof given . 
  well , at the root of it is imho that no council was made possible to decide the matter because the greens took initiative . 
  that precluded any possibility of avoiding a war . 
   because male heirs  female heirs . 
  for targaryans this was not yet established . 
  their succession was quite irregular up to this point . 
  bah , no thx . 
  internal impedance of vtc4 is 12miliohm , for vtc5 its 13miliohm @ 1khz ac so naturally it will heat up a bit more . 
  its 13.2 miliohm for 25r . 
   the industry standard for maximum discharge rates is the maximum current the cell can deliver through its entire capacity while remaining under 100c without additional cooling . 
  exact temperature cutoff is fairly arbitrary , i 've seen 60c too but essentially yes . 
   compare this to the vtc4 datasheet which shows discharge curves up to 30a ( but again , no explicit maximum listed ) . 
  the two 20a graphs , look quite similar , and both reach around 80c till full discharge .
