  rest is in the same vain . 
  idk , i think there 's a good chance juice can continue to be a relatively small-scale operation , even given stricter regulation . 
  because mixing does n't require that high capital investment , and further local ecig shops are just convenient , as much as a tobacco shop is . 
  and those survive even with the very adverse legal conditions . 
  and actually i would really like that market to be more regulated , for now i have no guarantees on what exactly is it i 'm vaping ; maybe my supplier is decent and the bottle contains what is says , and only that , maybe it is giving me some poison that 'll kill me soon . . chinese hardware production seems almost just as caveat emptor as that ; info they offer can be very sparse , specs undetermined ... 
  i do n't find such regulation , or the production conditions present in every other industry ( what a sweeping generalization ) oppressive at all . 
  so , here 's to the end of good old times , if that 's what this chaos is !, 
  a bit , i 'm new to vaping too , and see i should drink more , since i 'm overusing prob . 
  its still way way less than with a cig , and i 'm used to that . 
   do n't leave them charge overnight or while you are sleeping . 
  hm , then i really need a backup battery asap , for idk where else i 'll find a few hours to charge it w/o vaping or smoking . 
  is it better or worse to take them on and off charging to take some puffs while waiting , do you know ? . 
  how much of a risk are we talking about here anyhow ? 
  so how does one feel , health-wise , 6 months after ? 
  ( just started vaping this monday ), 
   that 's not what the olympics are about ,, 
  no , they seem to be about sport . 
  a trifle matter to some you know , certainly worth being used as a vehicle of protest visibility instead . 
   not watching the sochi olympics only punishes your local economy , and television network advertisers . 
  yes , i think the whole point of a boycott is to create some economic damage . 
   it and making a meme , you support a gay athlete from your country and make a meme in support of them . 
  that could be even better , if their gayness can get some visibility during the olympics . 
  but how ? 
   the enemy probably is n't who you think it is in this case . 
  the government is the enemy certainly . 
  so is the police . 
  those institutions live off taxes and consent of the governed . 
   gay rights is not really at the top of the list ,, 
  uh , well it might be to gay people , if this is their treatment . 
  honestly , this sounds like the us in 60s or even 50s , with the police ignoring violent crimes against gay people , entrapment , and some form of decency laws . 
  quite enough for as extreme reaction of the gays against the law enforcement as you will . 
  the thing looks like an optimization monster on the benchmarks they 're looking at . 
  like 5 + times faster code generated than ghc, 
  or rather , not overestimate that fact 's importance . 
  very new myself , but think its a ce5 clearomizer , or some close cousin . 
  with some ego battery . 
  looks shortish , so perhaps 650mah ? 
  i was n't clear enough - i was speaking of chrome and firefox . 
   lets in for heads create an implicit block around the condition , update , and body parts of the for loop . 
  the following two examples are equivalent . 
  \\ - and the second example has the let outside the loop . 
  continues :, 
   there is no new let every iteration . 
  there is one let around the entire loop . 
  this behavior might change in the future : https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=449811, 
  and the bug is about behavior like this in ff :, 
   the following code snippet alerts `` 3 '' three times :, 
  for each ( let a in [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ) {, 
  window.settimeout ( function ( ) { alert ( a ) } , 0 ) ;, 
  chrome acts the same . . 
  edit :, 
  great to hear defs.js will fix this too , and even already complains . 
  and btw thx for a great tool !, 
  hah , so the dutch do n't marry much , they have gay marriage , hence , gay marriage causes a drop in marriage rates ? 
  logic !, 
  funny , but not for this sub - even says so right under your comment box . . 
  meaningless as in , no predefined purpose , it just is because of natural law , with no further reason than such laws being the way they are ? 
  sure , i think all of us think so ; kinda comes with the territory . 
  so you find this surprising , or unwelcome a thought , or what prompted the post ? 
  i 'm sorry but its the rules around here . 
  mods enforce them etc. 
  now its got a link , but its 404, 
  uh , in catholicism ? 
  preoccupation with the text of the bible is a protestant thing . 
  what about the history of the church , what about the popes and bishops - would be a more catholic thing to worry about here , i think . 
  true , in that they could . 
  but it depends on the extent the more and less radical christians work together , or shield each other . 
  for example , taxation status of donations to churches , without any preconditions , seems at fault here , enabling organizations such as these . 
  and that 's a position christian organizations generally defend ; it is in their interest . 
  and agree , in that the original comment was just an extreme over-generalization - and seems to have been retracted . 
  interesting , barely a mention in croatian media , according to google at least . 
  and the formulation there is - he received lgbt groups kontra and iskorak , who informed him of organizing this conference , and later in text , the city agreed to be a sponsor of the conference , promising logistical support . 
  apparently ilga-europe chose zagreb two years ago , so do n't think he had a choice in being the host at least . 
  not that he would likely have resisted it . 
  never heard of the portal from the first link , the other two are a fairly significant , online-only media . 
  no mention on any newspaper or tv portals . 
  maybe too fresh a news ( yesterday afternoon ? 
  ) , maybe just not seen as newsworthy ? 
  ~ ~ edit : hm , only recent mentions of the possibility of gays adopting was in the ~ ~ edit2 hm , did n't see i left off mid sentence here - not relevant anyhow, 
  in that it makes you feel better about the situation , and as we see potentially irritates the kin , yeah , its a selfish thing to do . 
  any reason why you 'd feel the need to share your intents on doing some religious practices with people who may not necessarily appreciate or share them ? 
  yeah , i 'd personally take it to be something like `` i 'm sorry for your loss '' or `` he 's in my thoughts '' or some such phrase basically expressing sadness . 
  but it is a bit of a lack of courtesy to divert attention to your own religion , when someone is dealing with such a loss . 
  sounds like its some anecdotes . . 
  i do n't think i 've mentioned conversion , just courtesy . 
  you know , the reason i would n't consider saying something like `` like that 's supposed to help '' in reply to someone promising to pray for something . 
  yeah , i would prefer if people kept their religions and plans for religious ceremonies for themselves , rather than presuming i 'd approve or be thankful for their voodoo ... 
  they can do whatever they want ofc , but this pushiness about beliefs seems a distasteful and quite us specific pattern of behavior, 
   raying is what christians do , particularly for people they love and care about . 
  it 's not about them or religion in the textbook sense . 
  sorry , but i do n't really see how those two sentences are n't in direct contradictions . 
  its what people due because they 're christians , but its not about their religion ? 
  again , if you 're talking to someone of possibly different beliefs , why express your state of mind by describing the rituals you intend to perform ? 
  you should realize that they 're not that emotionally strong at this point , and hence could have a very short fuse , and very little patience . 
  yet its a worldview matter you might disagree about you 'd choose to exit your mouth first ? 
  seems in awfully poor taste to me . 
   when they 're offering a gesture that may not mean anything to you , but the thought is in it , and that 's really what matters here . 
  yeah , i understand that - you might remember i previously said that, 
    i 'd personally take it to be something like `` i 'm sorry for your loss '' or `` he 's in my thoughts '' or some such phrase basically expressing sadness . 
  but,
