  is it medically better to chew pens or pencils ? 
  or erasor on the tip ? 
  could you be chewing something else ? 
  i have no idea , should be explored . 
  putting something in your mouth , possibly ingesting a bit by accident , all thing being equal , could prob be safer than inhaling some fumes into your loungs . 
  another thing is , with creating a restriction , you 're trying to diminish overall harm , and its often the case this will be at the expense of inconvenience for some legitimate usecase . 
  the question is only whether this is justified by diminishing overall harm to the general population . 
  now with vaping bans , a significant concern has indeed been that there 's a risk vaping could be trendy enough to attract ppl - esp young - who would n't have smoked at all to a deadly and powerfull addiction . 
  whatever that risk may be , its certainly higher if one 's already vaping , and simply needs to try a different juice . 
  and if vaping is really as safe as we think , perhaps this is all perfectly ok too and we should even be fine with say older teens or non-ex-smokers vaping low-nic juices - no worse than a coffee habbit for eg and maybe , and also with some nootropic uses maybe ? 
  but we really should wait a few decades before claiming this . 
  till then , you can still vape if your parents are ok with it , even with the restriction , no ? 
  and are so close to the arbitrary 18 years cutoff age that its soon no problem either way ? 
  since 18 years is an arbitrary meaningless cutoff for legal use anyhow , no wonder the restrictions it carries would seem a bit tight near to the mark ( another instance of incurring some inconvenience to a few in order to protect the many ) . 
  so not many kids that should n't be affected by this will be anyhow ... 
   we also believe that as long a person acknowledges an orthodox view of jesus ( which is all groups except the mormons and jws for various reasons ) , they are also christians, 
  orthodox view of jesus ? 
  hah , well you could n't have chosen a more historically divisive issue in christianity , so this comic perfectly applies to you - because , do you mean adoptionist , arian , sabellian , docetic , monophysite , either apollinarian or eutychianist , monothelite , monoenergist , miaphysite , nestorian , ... ? 
  or just the dyophysite one that constantine blessed as the orthodox one in 325ad , theodosius ii further delineated in 431 , as did marcian in 451 and what the catholic & non-oriental orthodox churches proclaimed as orthodox in the later councils ? 
  honestly , even if i were a christian , just by the new testament literature alone , i 'd consider the adoptionist view and unitarianism most plausible , since the trend of aggrandizing a founder into divine proportions over time is something oh so familiar from studying buddhist history , as well as an evident evolution in the gospels and apocrypha of the new testament . 
  your criteria is a great illustration of this comic , since of the earliest subdivisions , of ebonites , proto-orthodox , marcionist and gnostic , you pick only one , then of the proto-orthodox , well the church of the east might fall out if you do n't accept nestorianism , some oriental orthodox churches might too if you have trouble with monophysitism etc. 
  and if you do n't have a full definition of jesus on the issues that created contention over the millenia , but are satisfied with a prefix of it , where you draw the line seems perfectly arbitrary . 
  aww , thx ppl , this was surprisingly well recieved . 
  esp thx to that gold-giving person !, 
  i 'm certainly not going anywhere ; i 've had other usernames , but i have been and will be subbed to this reddit . 
   how many of you have made this transition yourself ? 
  how many have gone from uber religious to atheist ( or agnostic ? ), 
  what did n't you expect to run into that you had to deal with ? 
  hm , i did n't really have such an experience personally . 
  stopped being a christian early , before highschool , declared myself as such around the first year in highschool . 
  and never particularly into it to begin with , had qualms with various parts of the religion as far as i can recall . 
  i did have a couple of years of fairly deep commitment to buddhism later on addmitedly , but even then my outlook presumed agnostic atheism and reinterpreting whatever i found there in that light . 
  which ended up requiring too much reinterpreting for my taste . 
  but losing that was not really a challenge ; i was just going back to being a more consistent atheist as i was before . 
   i get a lot of value out of reading various teachings of buddhists . 
  oh , def ; in fact , my desktop features the rhinoceros sutra currently - i just have more intellectual distance from it and its implied cosmology now . 
   the only thing i can think of , is that entering heaven would either wipe away any memory of your time on earth , or make you become a total sociopath . 
  eh , well , but you presumed the christian was right . 
  i think this looks like an issue simply because eternal damnation as such is really a very cruel doctrine if you think about it , so it brings that cruelty into focus . 
  but still , it does n't add to it . 
  your soul is with god in this scenario , bathing it his all-knowing goodness , understanding the goodness and presumably the necessity of eternal damnation , accepting of free will being able to lead others to it , yet wise and determined enough to live blissfully in this perfect order of things in its totality . 
  is that sociopathic , or an ideal of perfection ? 
  from a perspective of eternity of perfection , are not earthly links , forged by hormone ( im ) balances of birthing and raising another being into the tainted world ultimately ephemeral when not substantiated as well-directed by the perfect divine plan ? 
  edit : also , it depends on the strain of christianity , on how definite and immediate not getting to heaven implies going directly to hell . 
  there 's purgatory or hades in catholicism and orthodoxy , though their theology insists a willing atheist is really simply damned , truly rejecting god , a believer might think this as nevertheless false ( possibly bit heretical , not sure , but not uncommon ) , and that goodness of a person , and so the potential of being purified by the fires of purgatory after a long but finite time , is present in the people they love . 
  presumably they would n't find anything to love if a being was truly evil in its core ; they might be deluded into not seeing their true nature , but this is removed in heaven -- so they 'll either not see anything to love anymore , or the person does have salvific potential after all . 
  it is certainly encouraged as effectfull to hope and pray for the salvation of the dead regardless of what they are , so hence the tension with the absolute proclamation of the damnation of apostates . 
  its not even that fringe to hope and pray for general apocatastasis , restitution of all beings into heaven . 
  clement , probably origen , some cappadocian fathers like gregory of nyssa thought so ( ie quite a few heavy hitters among the church fathers , influential early theologians ) , i think some orthodox ascetics still pray for it . 
  to assert it ( though not to pray for it i think ) was made heretical only between 453 and 553ad . 
  edit2 : interesting linky i digged up on the matter : http://www.ts.mu.edu/readers/content/pdf/54/54.4/54.4.1.pdf, 
  `` virtually all theologians emphasize the universal scope of god 's saving will and move beyond a view of divine justice which seems to separate it from and pit it against god 's love and mercy . 
  many stress that while we believe that heaven is indeed ( already ) a reality , hell is , at most , a real possibility . 
  after all , the church which reverences the saints refuses to say that even one single person is or will be in hell . 
  still , most catholic theologians refuse to embrace a doctrine of universal salvation outright , ... also because they believe that to do so would be tantamount, 
  to denying the reality of human freedom . 
  most admit and insist upon a fundamental tension or dialectic between the sovereignty of god 's universally saving act and human freedom which must embrace it freely . 
  within the limits of catholic `` orthodoxy '' what is encouraged by most is a strong and active hope that all will be saved . '', 
  i think you 're missing the point - a holodeck like vr is simply a sufficiently different usecase , with a sufficiently different userbase , and needing different tracking solutions and more $ $ $ , that vr goggles are n't the product with which to ship any further components of use only in that scenario . 
  that would end up increasing the pricepoint for no benefit to those like me who have no intention of getting off my butt just to play a game . 
   , there is still the problem of reaching something behind your yourself, 
  reaching ? 
  its a head tracker , not a movement tracker !, 
  the guy in the demo was playing with a gamepad . 
  i 'm ok w that , though gloves would be a great extra option , and stem is a stopgap i guess . 
  extra option mind you , for i 'd rather have the $ $ $ to buy the rift sooner and play with a gamepad , first . 
   what does the holodeck have to do with anything ? 
  oh , sry , just a shorthand for a moving around 360deg tracking system i hoped would get understood . 
  namely , project holodeck uses it . 
  and needs a bunch of extra components , more than even a stationary threadmill . 
  http://www.projectholodeck.com/ so i thought i 'd be understood if i called some tracking system with more freedom of movement than the camera that comes with the rift `` holodeck-like '' . 
  would 've been more explicit if i thought i 'd later have to explain myself like this , i apologise . 
   so i do n't see where you come from . 
  from op 's second point and your answer to it . 
  so he was trying to claim the userbase for `` a 360 positional tracking system '' is much smaller , and such a system adds extra cost , and has quite different requirements ( eg latency ) . 
  you were answering that how he found the number was dubious . 
  i think that misses the main point - the size of the usecase is not so much his/her point , and obviously the op was just making a quick guesstimate - rather , the total difference in the usecases for each and the pricepoint for the equipment . 
  and op talks about this too under point 2 , and so its as valid even for significantly different numbers ( eg say 67 % of users would walk around ? 
  the argument is still unaddressed ) . 
  yet you claimed his second point can not be validated without knowing the numbers better . 
  whilst i read them as illustrative and ultimately secondary to his point . 
   he op stated `` i see little point in using two different positional tracking solutions between the rift and the stem , for example . 
  '' , so please do n't quote me out of context . 
  oh , you 're right , i 'm sorry - i really did n't check what you were responding to there . 
  i do n't think optically tracking hands is a great approach either ( too many occlusions possible ) , and the latency is much less important than for head movements . 
  that would indeed be a natural fit for a different system . 
  but , you further say that a peripheral should not be dependent on another . 
  i took that to mean , rift should be a complete solution even in the 360 ( `` holodeck like '' ) case . 
  and the reasons are basically economical , the danger of abusing , i presume due to a monopoly position . 
  well , that actually would n't make much economical sense if the system requirements were much different , for it incurrs extra costs , complexity and latency to users that do n't need it at all . 
  i do n't think the risk of creating a monopoly really relevant if the techology dictates such a separated approach , esp since i 'd see an integrated approach basically the worst-case scenario of having such a monopoly ( ie only the occulus created product works w it ) but one might add that in such a case , if and when the risks materialize , one should be advocating standard interfaces for interchangibility of the components . 
   we should be get neutrinos headed our way . 
  wait , are n't we supposed to be getting them already then ? 
  as far as we could measure , they travel at the speed of light or close enough to make no matter , right ? 
  politics topic ? 
  is n't this about science ? 
  ah , generally speaking , but no , not this particular text . 
  there is nothing in there but science - look at it . 
  the text tries to explain the idea and its relation to the current thinking , then speaks about this guy that had it , then about the reactions of the scientific community , his colleges , the positive and the skeptical reactions . 
  then speaks about the notion in more depth , and in relation to some fundamental principles , and in relation to prior work on the topic .
