yes !, 
  i always wrote favanculo in cs chat , worked well - fottuto is great as is testa di cazzo, 
  this is so spot on !, 
  with china westernising rapidly it has become the norm to have huge weddings that are a mish mash of chinese and us culture , 800 guests , most invited for networking - 800 people who wanted to gambei with the only white person . 
  it was a blast according to the pictures - i remember very little somehow !, 
  i was at the england - sa cricket game this weekend and had some lovely banter with the afrikaners ( i 'm dutch ) . 
  if both of us speak slowly enough we can understand each other pretty well . 
  i realised they were afrikaners when they yelled at a player to get his trousers dirty ( work harder ) - ` ek wil dy wit broek ny sien ny ! ', 
  sorry pal , i 'll use a smaller dildo next time . 
  my friends always show off their amazing tally , i never thought about it . 
  still a reasonable amount , particularly in europe . 
  born in the netherlands , lived in belgium and now england , visited germany , denmark , latvia , italy , spain , portugal , greece , macedonia , croatia , cyprus , scotland ( lots , but really is uk ) and china where i had the most amazing experience being a best man for my best friend who is chinese . 
  euhmmm ... so you 've been to the netherlands and still have poland as the best for cycling ? 
  right on !, 
  highland scotland and the isles are amazing for whale watching . 
  frequently spotted from the shore as well . 
  minke , dolphins , humpbacks , orcas - lots . 
  simon - a film about a gay guy opting for euthanasia : basically embodies the liberal nature of the netherlands, 
  have you been to the highlands and islands yet ? 
  offers most you ask for minus the lols and plus the wows . 
  yes , amazing roads and drive . 
  i grew up in a town that was fortified by the germans as part of the dutch atlantikwall . 
  i vividly remember me and some friends digging out a kazemat that had been filled with dirt , we hoped to find guns but only found more dirt :(, 
  here in the uk - london . 
  i just ca n't stand the thought of paying what i pay for a 3-bed house in sheffield to get a bed-sit in london . 
  back in the netherlands - tricky , lelystad springs to mind though . 
  hmm to a degree and even then it depends on what school . 
  i 've spoken to numerous people that find the idea absurd . 
  in the netherlands we used to have ` last school day ' where the final years ` take over ' and decide what is going to happen that day , this tradition too is slowly being transcended by proms over there . 
  proms . 
  they 've even started doing them at the end of primary school now here in britain . 
  seriously ? 
  it is so cringeworthy !, 
  honey is effectively sugar . 
  delicious sugar , but sugar . 
  as is nutella or chocolate paste , the only difference is that one was made by bees , the other was made in a factory . 
  debatable , see , 
  that is rather debatable !, 
  but this is n't the location for it , 
  funny how the post above gets murdered for chocolate being sweet , but your honey is fine !, 
  must be nice to live in your parents !, 
  haha , this relates to a business meeting i had there with representatives from a company there , the other meetings took place in brilliant places like thessaloniki , athens and bari - karlsruhe was very cold and miserable in comparison !, 
  did n't help we met there in january i suppose , 
  why does a turk have a speedboat ? 
  to beat the ducks to the bread ... 
  one thing that genuinely shocked me when i moved to the uk is how incompetent government is here . 
  for the uk it has to be sheffield - most central city of them all , and people here are brilliant . 
  also , we have plenty of space for the government to find offices that actually work . 
  for the netherlands it is quite complicated because amsterdam is the capital on paper . 
  if all of it had to come together i 'd say a new capital should be built in the markermeer , from the ground ( water ) up , designed as an awe-inspiring capital . 
  i hope that by 2050 europe is at the heart of a stable and liberal global state that strives to equalise opportunities in society whilst maintaining the planet in a responsible and progressive manner . 
  is it still legal to burn crosses in front gardens ? 
  how legal is it if a muslim praises 9/11 and encourages his friends to do the same ? 
  in the uk it is reasonably common , universities here are also beginning to make work of alumni relationships . 
  uk - yes you can , sadly fewer and fewer use the library so most do n't know . 
  you 've never flown alitalia have you ? 
  never mind clapping , i burst out in full song each time one of those deathcans made it back on terra firma !, 
  frisian here , we practically invented lactose and the whole dairy industry to go with it . 
  leaver dea as sleaf !, 
  death before slavery !, 
  elegant and apt !, 
  agreed on both !, 
  excuse my french . 
  it is a cynical comment related to the hatred of france after/during one of many wars . 
  in other words ; it originated in the uk . 
  yep , opinions may differ but i like the vibe in antwerp better . 
  i am slightly biased as i have family there , 
  agreed with / u/zontim - if the service was good i always tip for meals , not for drinks though . 
  does n't really matteeeeeeeer ... to me, 
  it used to be reasonably normal back in the 80s/90s . 
  i remember we had outages on a fairly regular basis , causing my dad to swear quite a bit  not sure if it was just the frisian networks being rubbish or whether it was more common back then . 
  we lost it a few years back because some blithering idiot decided to steal the copper cables from a distribution hub . 
  he fried himself and a lot of computers/tvs/stereos and what not that day ( including my gaming pc and web router ) . 
  took them a few hours to get it back up . 
  two weeks later our fridge freezer shorted and dumped the house in dark again , fairly sure the two are related !, 
  i generally trust the frankfurter allgemeine most for my european news-needs , le monde is good as well . 
  the nrc for the netherlands although i tend to read nu.nl more which is owned by sanoma and generally only publishes ( translated ) reuters articles for news . 
  here in the uk i tend to read the guardian although at times it is quite biased towards the left . 
  the financial times i read at weekends where i do n't have a lot else to do and want to get up to speed with the markets/economy . 
  finally there is the i ( formerly independent ) which is a nice modern take on the tabloid . 
  belgium has some nice places to stop at , antwerp is a bit of a curveball suggestion as it is n't brugge or brussels but i think it is worth going to and spending some time there . 
  if i ever were to get a son he 'd be named after my grandfather ruurd which is also my middle name , but if still in the uk i would use the celtic version ruaridh ( the irish pronounce this rory i believe , the gaelic is ru-ardh ) . 
  girl ... not sure , my grandma had a very frisian name that certainly wo n't work in english or celtic . 
  i might go with something like lise which i think has a nice ring to it . 
  but this is all hypothetical cause i do n't want kids , 
  unusual but preferable !, 
  montesori ? 
  yes they do , they get tested from something ridiculous like 6/7 years all the way through . 
  it is ludicrous . 
  what the dutch do/did ( i am dutch - flair indicates i live in the uk ) is test them before they go into secondary school . 
  i have a horrendous feeling they might have changed that as well now - there is an obsession in society to assess everything quantitatively . 
  good on norway to remember the quality as well . 
  just to elaborate - smartest kids means highest academic achievers in primary school - i 've dealt with kids ( and now deal with students/adults ) that were crap at academic achievement early on and then blossomed into rather brilliant minds in a different setting . 
  the dutch system filters children into different strands of education dependent on their academic attainment in early years . 
  it is a solid system that works because there are plentiful upward/downward routes between the different systems . 
  so kids doing vmbo can actually carry on their education to attain havo or vwo . 
  ( i wo n't bore you with the acronyms - they are quite irrelevant in themselves ) . 
  pretty much this . 
  i like a shower before heading off to work , but on lazy sundays i usually ca n't be bothered as i want to keep that relaxed drowsy feeling all day . 
  married 13 years , never regretted it but a civil partnership would have been fine as well .
