  i guess i probably should n't mention i was only partially kidding about an independent anglo-welsh uk then ... 
  you just said this is n't a game but are also treating single market membership like a magic `` get all the investment '' button but at least you 've accepted scotland will need to compete , but now you need to approach the question of * how * it will compete with her most similar country , ireland , when ireland has a more stable economy , has an established currency and low corporation tax , is scotland going to lower it 's corporation tax to ireland levels ? 
  if so , how will she fill the gap in funding , will her public services suffer ? 
  will her citizens accept that ? 
  this is also assuming ruk will simply roll over and do nothing to keep herself competitive, 
  just one step closer to the glorious united kingdom of britannia, 
  i went through all my popcorn in / r/scotland , / r/unitedkingdom and / r/europe after the brexit vote , i do n't know if i could afford the amount i 'd need for scotland denying independence again . 
  you know , whenever i see anyone say anything nice about england on this sub i 'm always suspicious ... nice sentiment if you mean it though , these past few years have made me consider the idea of an independent england . 
  my question was about ireland taking the business that requires single market membership , scotland will be in no position to compete with them therefore `` just take the uk 's business '' is a bad strategy for scotland ( a great one for ireland though ) single market membership ( when scotland eventually gets it ) will help , sure , but the lion 's share of companies that will leave ( assuming the uk 's access is n't good enough ) will go to ireland , scotland will get the scraps . 
  why are you pretending this is simply iscotland vs ruk when there 's a very important third player in the game ? 
  no people who go on about it when asked a fairly unrelated question ( how iscotland can make itself more attractive to businesses than ireland ) are moaning . 
  i have a feeling you just do n't want to answer the question ... 
  i understand you 're on quite a good brexit moan right now but my question was how a newly independent scotland would be more attractive than english-speaking , low corporation tax and far more stable eu member ireland . 
  it is n't as simple as `` scotland will leave the uk then all uk business will move to scotland '' , if scotland votes for independence is n't going to be an attractive place to invest for a long time . 
  my question had nothing to do with england . 
  why would any company move to scotland while it goes through an incredibly unstable period of adjusting to independence and trying to gain single market membership when ireland is right on their doorstep ? 
  honestly ? 
  i do n't know , one of our many quirks . 
  but basing it on exceptionalism is confirmation bias . 
  no , it 's literally to stop people saying `` wait , did you say immigrants or emigrants ? '', 
  but if you want to assume things about our intentions i suppose i ca n't stop you , quite ironic to tell people what they think and then say they 're the exceptionalists though . 
  `` emigrants '' would also only refer to brits , `` expat '' simply replaced it in general conversation , likely because it rolls off the tongue better and is n't as easily confused with `` immigrants '' as `` emigrants '' is . 
  we 're not secretly thinking about how superior we are when we talk about brits abroad , honestly . 
  an acknowledgement that different directions of immigration exist is not exceptionalism . 
  yes , that 's what it means when we use it in conversation , although we only tend to apply it to brits who leave to avoid confusion with people who move here, 
  that 's only for news when britain is doing well, 
  that 's really not what we mean when we say expat . 
  while i agree that emigrants is the more correct term , expats replacing it in modern conversation does n't make us exceptionalists . 
  do other languages not have different words for people who have left and people who have moved to their country ? 
  i find it interesting that the eu is the one constantly inflating the fee required to leave the eu and co-operate in peace and the uk is still somehow the abuser in this metaphor . 
   could n't even stand up to a bit of banter from the eu side $ 100bn is not banter and i wish i had the optimism required to write off the constant fantasies of the uk falling socially and economically to pieces and then breaking up as banter, 
  yes but peace was offered multiple times , the nazis wanted britain as an ally . 
  could they be trusted ? 
  probably not forever . 
  would it have been smarter to take ten years of an armistice to turn the uk into a fortress ? 
  probably . 
  nothing convinces people like `` you ca n't actually think that you 're just trying to fit in and being brainwashed '' because it 's impossible that the eu have acted wrongly . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard her say it, 
  ah , suppose so . 
  i quite like we have someone who wanted to remain as prime minister , would n't be good to have a hardline eurosceptic handling it . 
  personally i think with johnson the plan was to lose gracefully , then challenge for the leadership when cameron resigned , and he 'd have the backing of about half his party and the country by being the leader of the leave campaign , pretty good plan until the vote happened . 
  correct , not sure what your point is though, 
  you took the words right out of my mouth , we 're better suited as a friendly neighbour than a disgruntled housemate . 
  he probably was too , to be honest, 
  taking people on reddit seriously is n't a great idea , if i did that i 'd likely think the eu is full of raving euronationalists who masturbate to the idea of the uk splitting up . 
  but i understand , it 's hard not to let it get to you , just try to remember that only weirdos post on political forums . 
  we 'll be fine , we 've worked together for decades and have plenty of things in common , the eu and uk are natural allies and that will continue even if we have some nasty arguments ahead . 
  it 's just not going to happen . 
  scotland and northern ireland , even wales , maybe , unlikely in my opinion as the polling does n't support it , but it 's certainly possible . 
  london ? 
  no chance of the people wanting it , even less chance of the uk or england letting it happen . 
  so london independence in the immediate aftermath of the brexit vote was still less popular than leaving the eu was before the eu became a major talking point in britain . 
  and the question has n't been seen as relevant enough to poll since . 
  there is no london independence party , no london independence movement , and no londoners talking about it , as someone who lives here i 'm sorry to burst your bubble of the uk falling apart . 
  de gaulle did n't want any challenges to french power in the eec , the union is a lot less centered around one country now ( even considering germany 's position ) we 're a country that makes large contributions in terms of population , money , educational facilities , military force and soft power , brexit will be a challenge but i ca n't see those things changing , i see little reason why the eu would n't want to reunite the continent and prove that being in the eu is the only sensible way forward . 
  although , i ca n't see us ever wanting to rejoin , maybe the single market , but the not the eu . 
  european army, 
  35 % in ni no one polls ulster or the uk on the issue . 
   even london has a secessionist movement you saying this suggests you really do n't know much about the situation over here . 
  london has no secessionist movement unless you count a few dozen people moaning on twitter after the vote . 
  and the polls in both scotland and ni have n't changed in favour of leaving the uk , even the snp have backed down and said this election is n't about independence , despite all the big talk the situation remains mostly unchanged . 
  so no change since the vote despite the snp screaming bloody murder about how much scotland apparently hates all this i 'm not delcaring victory , just saying you have no reason to ( not that scotland and ni are things to be won ) and i did n't downvote you, 
  yes , i got the joke, 
  and yet according to the polls secessionism has n't increased despite this disaterous move by the evil horrible english, 
  that 's a great contribution to their comment about the uk 's importance, 
  the usual response to this is `` england made them '', 
  that 's a great saying, 
  and a few likely voted remain to keep the uk in and avoid this situation , remain offered an advantage to both sides of their biggest issue, 
  only positive one , surely, 
  i think we got a bit lost in translation , i thought you meant either the uk should stay because scotland wanted it to or scotland should leave the uk as a result of the difference in opinion , they 're both positions i 've seen repeated loads on this sub so i 'm sorry for assuming that 's what you meant . 
   this means uk including scotland stays err , no , unless you 're saying a scottish person 's vote should have 10 times the influence of english person 's , the uk voted to leave  this means scotland breaks with uk and become their own country also no , they just had a referendum on this and decided to continue taking decisions with the rest of the uk, 
  nothing says `` anti-racist '' like dividing groups based on ethnicity . 
  like a true englishman o7, 
  keep it flying , being afraid of the flag and leaving it to the bigots is what got us in to this situation . 
  undercover, 
  scotland wanted the uk to stay they were n't asked about just scotland staying, 
  no * true * scottish mp, 
  aw , thanks , 
  the cuts were nowhere near what osbourne promised . 
  my point was the apocalyse is yet to come , which you assume to agree with by saying the predictions were wrong , so , i think we 're done . 
  i had a burger from a st. george 's day feast at trafalgar square in london, 
  stop sending so many fucking missionaries, 
   i severely doubt anyone will vote in favor for the uk leaving the eu . 
  then to be honest you do n't know us at all , we 're a proud bunch and will not go crawling back to a group where many members have been salivating over punishments , picking away parts of our economy and talking about parts of our country leaving . 
  even our most pro-eu party , the liberal democrats , are going in to this election with a policy of remaining in the single market , not remaining in the eu . 
  we actually really like you guys ... 
  we did n't enter recession and osbourne 's budget never happened, 
  just google `` brexit recession '' and `` punishment budget '' in terms of a50 being doomsday , i was referring to people online with that one , i do n't think many newspapers bothered, 
  `` would you like the uk to pay tons of money in to the eu budget ? '', 
  i wonder what the answer would be, 
  european integration and free movement are the two largest things we want little to do with , even the remain campaign spoke more about tolerating them for the benefits of single market membership rather than celebrating them, 
  i 'll give spain a pass in supporting argentina , that 's their kid, 
  an immediate recession and punishment budget was promised , * then * article 50 was the new date of d-day , the markets know we 're leaving and yet confidence remains stable . 
  no doubt when we actually are out and things stay generally fine people will start saying `` the real effects wo n't be seen for x years '' with x being however many years it has been plus 2 or 3 . 
  invading somewhere and claiming it as yours simply because it is close to you is quite a 19th century mentality, 
  i think we 're both gon na suffer from confirmation bias in terms of which side is throwing around more nationalism . 
  unless you count `` we have some cards to play in negotiations '' as british nationalism, 
  nice of you to say but we 've already started packing and you 've put an ad up for our room . 
  do you know when that 's going to happen ? 
  because the sky was supposed to fall when we voted leave , when we said we 'd leave the single market and when we invoked article 50 .
