  we have n't gone to war  cooperation is always better than isolation we 're not becoming isolationist , we 'll always be part of europe want to continue our close trade and co-operation with the eu , just in a different fashion from now on . 
  the eu 's motto is `` united in diversity '' , hopefully that applies to diversity of opinion and preference . 
  fuck me , 0 to trump in 60 seconds the uk is a net contributor , i was fine with this as i felt single market membership was more than worth it , but c'est la vie ( and for the record if we wanted all of the benefits with none of the contributions we 'd be trying to stay in the single market while reducing our contribution and immigration ) as one of the richest nations it has seen smaller amounts of eu funding and high amounts of immigration , i 'm not personally affected but i 'm not going to completely dismiss the concerns of working class communities who have seen their communities quickly changed by that . 
  my point is for the net contributor nations the contributions are arguably smaller than the benefits . 
  i 'm sorry to get personal but that 's an easy criticism for someone from a net receiver nation to make . 
  i never said it was n't about the economy , i said it was n't * only * about the economy . 
  it the vote was only about the economy it would have been a remain landslide . 
  if they take this two speed eu seriously ( and we retain our opt outs ) , maybe we 'll be back sooner rather than later , i can certainly see us joining the single market it brexit goes tits up, 
  nah you 're alright, 
  4:1 , the terrorist is included in the death numbers . 
  probably quite little financial damage , was n't it just the bridge and a gate that were damaged ? 
  likewise , no one even mentioned it yesterday, 
  4 if you do n't count the terrorist, 
  brexit was a long time coming , some would argue inevitable , terrorism did n't cause it, 
  that sounds horrible , i hope the situation has improved ( or will soon ), 
  it does n't seem to be on this side of the channel , is there increasing fear in the netherlands ? 
  then in that case they managed even less . 
  this was a pretty incompetent attack , obviously the injuries and deaths and tragic but they were in one the busiest parts of europe and only managed to kill three people if this is the quality of soldier we can expect from isis i think we 're going to be fine, 
  that 's next wednesday, 
  that really is the best way to handle it and i 'm happy to hear that was the reaction , thanks for explaining, 
  you know , i really do n't know what the aftermath of 7/7 was like , i was in year 8 and did n't live in london , how did london react ? 
  like the dad 's army theme has never been played in westminster, 
  * `` dear diary , support for welsh independence remains in the single figures ... '' *, 
  worst thing is we 're not even an island , our land border is a huge part of the brexit discussion, 
  guess that leaves the `` do n't murder people who have nothing to do with it '' route then, 
  we ca n't possibly know if peaceful methods or not targeting civilians would have worked . 
  i understand it , but simply said they should n't be excused ( in response to collectiveindividual 's usual whataboutism ) all in all it seems we agree . 
  i never said anything about condemning the irish . 
  i 'm talking about condemning the ira for murdering innocent people . 
  no , i meant the families of the british army 's victims in ireland , i mistyped, 
  i 'm sure that will bring comfort to the families of ira victims . 
  and now you 're going to say `` what about the families of the british army 's victims in ireland ? '', 
  london has one planned , ca n't imagine a huge turnout or it having any affect though . 
  yes , i 'm well aware the british state and those loyal to them have done terrible things in ireland and i know you like listing them off , it was a horrible situation caused by the british empire , but that does n't excuse the atrocious things done by the likes of mcguinness and the ira . 
  criticising one side does n't immediately mean whitewashing the other . 
   educated business owners to be fair since the vote everyone on / r/unitedkingdom has became well educated people moving their six-figure businesses out of the uk, 
  lol, 
  no wonder the welsh voted leave , they 're planning a new alliance with the ruskies !, 
  both the uk and irish governments actively find other terms to describe the islands . 
  british-irish isles are the closest accepted term . 
  * ireland has won a cultural victory !, 
  [ our new national anthem ] ( https://youtu.be/yih-vnryg9w?t=27s ), 
   `` welsh-anglia '' united kingdom of [ britannia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_britain ) , surely, 
  you should check out / r/unitedkingdom, 
  this comment made me happy because it means you 're yet to see father ted , you 're about to go on a wonderful journey . 
   england at large would benefit hugely from regional devolution it probably would , but it comes with an emotional argument , why are the national identities of wales , scotland and northern ireland respected while england is chopped to pieces ? 
  personally i 'd endorse an english parliament , and give the national parliaments the power to devolve some power to regional assemblies that desire it ( such as cornwall , yorkshire , or the shetlands , or major cities like birmingham and glasgow , for example )  by shaking up the existing assumptions about how the country needs to be governed honestly , i see it changing nothing . 
  one of the downsides of having the world 's oldest parliament is that it 's very hard to force it to change, 
  oh , i would n't worry too much about that , our cultures and bonds are too intertwined and standard of living too high for it to go that far , i 'm confident if we divorce we 'll be able to manage it amicably ( although of course i 'd rather not see that happen ), 
  nor can i , scotland wanting more powers is fair , but so is england wanting them , and england having more powers will have knock on effects to the other nations due to our size , there 's zero appetite for us to be chopped up into a dozen assemblies . 
  i feel terribly sorry for the choice you 've found yourself in regarding two unions , something needs to change but i ca n't see anyone with the ideas or appeal to do it . 
  maybe a more scandinavian style relationship across these islands would be best ... 
   this last part is n't accurate my mistake , i think i 've got it confused with the raise of fees , which would n't have passed without scottish mps , if i recall correctly . 
   media portrayal skewing the impression of what scottish politics is focussed on it certainly is that a fair bit , but you 've had a nationalist government for 10 years with no signs of that changing soon , i 'm aware they 're supported for reasons other than independence but it sends a message to the rest of us ( and they do love getting on tv for a good moan ) . 
   anti-english sentiment is not something commonly expressed in scottish politics do n't worry , we 're all quite aware , it 's just hard to remember that sometimes . 
  i hope you keep in mind that the hardcore kippers and tories you see decrying you represent minority views south of the border . 
   but the selection currently on offer does n't leave many options i think devolution would help this , there 's a reason why your politics are more diverse than ours , and the snp and plaid were certainly helped by devolution ( if you view those as parties that represent their nations best interests ) . 
  there are certainly big problems in english politics that devolution would n't fix though . 
   levelled at the uk government understood , but keep in mind that government is also the de facto english government , it can be hard to not take criticism of the institution personally when a majority of mps are english . 
  - of the four regions with the highest public funding wales , scotland and northern ireland are three of them , england would have a lot of spare change if it left the uk - [ west lothian question ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_lothian_question ) - england currently has no government to represent it 's own issues and desires , the other three countries do - building on that , scottish ( and eu ) students do n't pay any tuition fees to study in scotland , english students do , tuition fees that would n't have been ~ ~ introduced ~ ~ raised without the votes of scottish mps ( whose constituents were protected from them ) . 
  is this fair ? 
  are we really valued in this union ? 
  - the welsh , scottish and northern irish generally do n't seem to like us , it 's almost entirely banter but some people look forward to us losing at football just a * bit * too much - on scottish-english relations : most of what we see from scottish politics is people speaking about how we 're holding them back , we 're being unfair and they 'd be better off without us , not to mention the eu divide - on northern irish-english relations : northern ireland is very estranged to most of us , no political parties who are popular in england are popular in northern ireland and vice versa ( i doubt many english people could tell you the basic positions of the dup , sinn fein , uup and alliance , if they even recognised the names ) the eu divide also exists here - on welsh-english relations : wales , well , too many sheep , obviously , sheep are also a very remain-voting demographic - despite all this , england is spoken about by some in the other countries like a imperial oppressor , we accept lesser democractic representation and subsidising the other nations , and for it we get the cold shoulder i 'm not saying i agree with these positions , no doubt someone with a scotland flair will be along soon to tell me how england has no reason to complain  but there is a lot of room to manufacture grievances and build a movement if the english democrats were n't incompetent right wing loonies ( and had a nice proportional parliament or assembly in which to develop ) it would have some benefits for the remaining uk though , they 'd get a [ pretty nice flag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/izbvcw9.png ), 
  that 's a lot of people who want to leave the single market . 
  a move that would not act as a trade embargo with the eu . 
  i challenge you to find five brexiteers that want to completely cut off all trade with europe . 
  [ this comic was drawn by a dane a couple of weeks after the referendum , i think it sums it up ] ( https://satwcomic.com/art/it-s-nothing.png ), 
  `` access '' is very different to `` membership '', 
  let 's buy a spine for all the mps who did n't want to slow and undermine our brexit negotiations with a commons vote, 
  i think that 's our natural place , we were never really emotionally `` in '' the eu , better to be a friendly neighbour than a resented tenant . 
  i can see us applying to rejoin the single market in a couple of decades though . 
  `` the shit will hit the fan if cameron promises a vote '' `` the shit will hit the fan if cameron is reelected '' `` the shit will hit the fan if cameron confirms a vote '' `` the shit will hit the fan if we legislate for a vote '' `` the shit will hit the fan when we set a date for the vote '' `` the shit will hit the fan when the vote gets nearer '' `` the shit will hit the fan if the polls get close '' `` the shit will hit the fan if we vote leave '' `` the shit will hit the fan when we have a new prime minister '' `` the shit will hit the fan if we do n't stay in the single market '' `` the shit will hit the fan when we invoke article 50 '' ( you are here ) `` the shit will hit the fan once negotiations begin '' `` the shit will hit the fan when the uk announces an exit date '' `` the shit will hit the fan when the uk 's exit date gets nearer '' `` the shit will hit the fan when the uk is out of the eu '' `` the shit will hit the fan once the uk has been out of the eu for a few years '', 
  thank you  hope wherever you are is doing well too , mr or ms no-flair , 
  during the first referendum , the snp said it was a `` once in a generation opportunity '' , yet here it is again three years later . 
  [ glasgow has a lower expected lifespan than the rest of the uk , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glasgow_effect ) so the joke here is that a `` glasgow lifetime '' is a just a few years long . 
  we did n't even need to roll over , germany offered us peace multiple times . 
   meow !, 
  could n't resist after such a typical `` liberal london elite '' comment   when scotland i think you meant a pretty big `` if ''  and ni lol  the same mindset that caused brexit london going on a sovereignty and immigration-controls steak would be ... messy , very very messy , and i ca n't see it happening . 
  but we 'll see , i suppose . 
  i like how you told me how different london is to the rest of england before telling me you only left london to go to different parts three times . 
  i get the feeling you do n't know england that well , the fact that you 've barely seen it but felt the need to write its name in inverted commas like it does n't exist says enough . 
  mind telling me where the londoners with these holier-than-thou-city-state attitudes are ? 
  because i have n't met any in person ( and i work in islington ! ), 
  this reads like it was written by someone who does n't live in london . 
  and `` the city of london '' is a square mile , those bankers may be pissed but they 're not going to be calling for revolution . 
  gibraltar would politically have nothing to do with scotland if scotland left the uk . 
  may does n't think so either , she wanted to guarantee the rights of eu citizens to remain , but the eu would n't give a guarantee to brits living in the eu . 
  it 's a shame , but giving a guarantee at this stage could leave british citizens in the eu as bargaining chips , and we ca n't abandon them to that . 
  i never said anything about that i do n't want scotland to go , but hearing the region with the highest level of devolution and one of the highest per capita public spending levels in the uk complain about things not being fair is getting a bit tiring , it feels like it has n't stopped since the last referendum . 
  i do n't feel estranged to them , but so many of them keep telling me that i am , eventually you start to believe it a bit . 
  we 've all had a crazy ex who needs us to know how over us they are ... 
  a government ca n't bind the actions of a future government , it 's not like we have a written constitution we could make amends to . 
  to be fair to the snp , they were recently re-elected to the scottish parliament on a manifesto that promised a second referendum if the uk voted to leave the eu with scotland voting to remain . 
  no such rule exists the only limit on referendums is that the central uk government must approve them, 
  you 're right on both accounts one day england will be free of british oppression !, 
  i always preferred blur anyway !, 
  sorry mate , you 're going to have to moan about it not being fair for at least a decade more before you 'll get to the `` oh just fuck off then if you want to '' level that scotland has got to , but if they can do it so can you !, 
  once we smack that gorgeous dragon on the flag everyone will know who you are . 
  and i do n't think they like being called ulster ... 
  i think so long as there 's two parts we can still call it `` united '' although if you want to get pedantic [ england could claim to be multiple kingdoms united in to one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heptarchy ),
