the ec-card is cheaper for the seller . 
  nobody uses credit cards in germany , because the seller do n't like it . 
  it is too expensive . 
  still we use electronic cash . 
  go to a supermarket , an electronics shop , ... stuff is often bought using ec-cards . 
  using ec-cards is cheaper . 
  it 's electronic cash , but not with a credit card company making a profit with my money . 
  germans like to save money ... 
  here is a long german article about him . 
  http://www.zeit.de/2014/16/komiker-henning-wehn/komplettansicht the joke at the end ... 
  if i look around , i see so much infrastructure we ca n't maintain . 
  streets need so much repair , it is mind boggling . 
  but we deepen the river for larger containerships , build a concert house for a billion , build large rich-only new part of the city , ... 
  i 'm not your buddy . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  friends do n't spy on me . 
  it 's as popular as the indian independence day is in britain . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independence_day_ ( india ), 
  without the eu : germany is 4th . 
  the uk is 7th . 
  http://money.cnn.com/news/economy/world_economies_gdp/ in a few years uk will be 8th when russia passes , and then 9th when india passes them . 
  germany will still be at 4 . 
  the uk needs to be realistic . 
  the nationalistic press in the uk makes up a trend which is just not there . 
  the uk was not able to improve their relative position to germany during the last ten years - the opposite happened . 
  how should it work in the next ten years ? 
  by wishful thinking ? 
  by breeding more children on an already crowded island ? 
  in the uk some believe by being more populated than germany they will get a larger economy . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/10537773/britain-will-become-biggest-economy-in-europe.html  though i see from your comment history you seem to hate the uk with a passion . 
  the stupidity in the uk is rising fast and that 's a crying shame . 
  being critical of uk politics is now ` hating ' them . 
  who believes this ? 
  british delusion . 
  the contribution of britain is not that large . 
  around 6 billion pound a year - if we take away what britain gets back from the eu . 
  let them go . 
  yeah , and just a few years after that the uk was one of the main contributors to the world wide financial crisis , next to the us . 
  after that the uk 's economy went downhill fast . 
  rising debt , rising unemployment , large trade deficit , ... plus the whole anglo-saxon banking model has been exposed as what it is : a ponzi scheme fueled by cheap money . 
  rescued by the tax payer . 
  the uk economy did not even profit from its devaluation . 
  suddenly you found eu research programs . 
  in a few years you can read there also ` uk ' . 
  they can buy themselves into eu research programs ... or maybe the ukip does not want that , because eu research is bad anyways or it is not democratic enough . 
  maybe the uk is not profiting enough . 
  maybe the ukip wants to negotiate participation individually for each research project , instead of participating at the whole framework . 
  maybe its not necessary anyways ... who knows . 
  good luck with the uk independence !, 
  it gets boring , sorry . 
  which ones ? 
  if the uk is no longer in the eu , the funding is provided by 27 member states . 
  does n't speak for your competence . 
  the eu wants to spend 80 billion euro in the next years on its research projects . 
  the thing is called horizon 2020 . 
   firstly , the eu would never withdraw funding if the research programs do n't do what the eu wants , it will remove funding faster than you can look like . 
  money is king these days . 
  check out the power struggle around esa . 
  many . 
  read the eu research website . 
  sure . 
  the topic was that the uk then has to step up financing the various european research programmes to keep any influence . 
  the esa is just one . 
  the various eu research programmes are not even mentioned yet . 
  the eu for example invests a billion in neuroscience . 
  no money , no influence . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/europ\u00e4ische_weltraumorganisation numbers for 2012 eu 21.6 % france 18.8 % uk 6 %, 
  the eu itself is the largest contributor to the esa budget . 
  not the member states . 
  check it out . 
  if the uk does not finance the eu , it can increase its direct contribution to esa immediately ... 
  let 's see what happens if the eu removes its funding for esa ... will the uk step up and pay ? 
   eu has no power within the esa . 
  sure it has power , it is the largest contributor - much larger the the uk . 
  plus the esa policy is aligned to the eu through the ` european space council ' . 
  quote :  twenty-nine european countries unveiled a new space policy on 22 may 2007 , unifying the approach of esa with those of the individual european union member states . 
   the european space policy has for the first time created a common political framework for space activities in europe . 
  jointly drafted by the ** european commission ** and esa 's director general , jean-jacques dordain , the european space policy sets out a basic vision and strategy for the space sector , and tackles issues such as security and defence , access to space and exploration . 
  the eu is largest contributor to esa . 
  the eu is already democratic . 
  i do n't think the uk wants more democracy in the eu . 
  the ukip writes :  the british people must decide through an immediate referendum if we stay in the eu or come out and claw back independent power over our national life . 
  we do not have to be ruled by this regime to work with our european neighbours who depend on us for their markets . 
  they do n't want to improve the ` regime ' . 
  they want to get out . 
  lol !, 
  no problem . 
  that just means you do n't get anything and you are out of european institutions , research , etc. 
  obviously the uk is not going after its banks as it should ... 
   debt is irrelevant as long as it can be paid back eventually check the rating some time ...  and it would seriously hurt if contributions stopped you mean the six billion pound which the uk pays more than it gets back ? 
  i would vote for germany paying it . 
  the german trade surplus for 2013 was around 200 billion euro . 
  the london branch of deutsche bank . 
  the letter ` l' in libor stands for ` london ' . 
  the letter ` h ' in london stands for ` honest ' . 
   has the fastest recovering economy . 
  the uk has not recovered yet to the levels before the financial crisis . 
  germany has . 
  the uk has a huge debt ( without a reunification ... ) a huge trade deficit and lots of structural imbalances , etc. 
  plus the oil runs out ...
