  the current recovery is also not sustainable , since it is based on cheap money and another housing bubble . 
  the future is a core eu with tighter cooperation . 
  the club . 
  then there is a rest in some ways more or less associated . 
  then there is the periphery like turkey , which will not be in the eu for quite some time . 
  it 's the uk which obstructs and wants to get out . 
  the next uk referendum will make that clear . 
   remember that being outside the euro was supposed to destroy our unregulated banksters , and yet they became even more powerful . 
  i ca n't remember that . 
  all i remember is the uk government telling how important it is to stay out of the euro . 
  since then the pound sterling lost a lot of value and the trade deficit is still there . 
  the uk banks were also involved in causing the global financial crisis , which cost the uk many billions to keep their banking system alive and the uk economy has even now not fully recovered from that ... 
  in reality the uk banks live from their offshore banking system , cheap money , housing bubbles , fraud and speculation . 
  stopping it currently are the unregulated london banksters and their partners in crime . 
  wait until europe takes back its financial business from london ... frankfurt is really looking forward to it ... 
  try that in a golf club . 
  let 's get the uk out of the eu . 
  give them some deal on trade issues and then let 's move on . 
  in an alternate reality , maybe . 
  why is n't he in jail ? 
  what 's wrong with the uk ? 
  germany actually pays for us military facilities . 
  there are a lot of military installations of the us in germany which are not in our german interest - for example the us military command for africa . 
  this should be moved to somewhere else . 
  just get this the fuck out of germany . 
  nobody said that crucial infrastructure should be cut . 
  there is a lot non-crucial infrastructure which needs to be cut . 
  for example germany has build a extremely expensive container port which nobody is using . 
  another example : several large cities will shrink in population count up to 30 % . 
  scale them back . 
  there are lots of examples ... 
  sound finances are the superior alternative . 
  we need to reduce public spending . 
  we are spending already too much . 
  more spending is not useful . 
  if we ca n't finance our infrastructure , then we should not build new one and we should start thinking about getting rid of some of our old infrastructure . 
  borrow even more money ? 
  germany is already deep deep in debt . 
  if it is not clear to you : we already have record public spending in germany . 
  what seems from the outside like ` austerity ' , is n't one . 
  we are building more streets , more train tracks , more airports , more and more ... for a shrinking population . 
  much of the money is also flowing into the upgrade of our energy infrastructure . 
  already . 
  we are also currently beyond our capability limits : the berlin airport is a planning disaster , large it projects fail , the huge stuttgart train station is a problem , offshore windparks are much more complicated , electrical cars are only slowly coming to market , the new ice trains were delayed for years because of technical problems , we have invested into a brand new deep water container ship port ( but there are no ships there ) , the banking system is still unstable , we are giving money to the un/eu/afghanistan / pigs-countries , our ship owners are broke and need more money , ... 
  in this situation we should borrow even more ? 
  the money has been spent for soccer stadiums , concert halls , and a lot for infrastructure updates in former east germany , ... germany has been reunited and the infrastructure of 1/4 of the population was way behind . 
  during the last twenty years a lot of money went into former east germany and its infrastructure . 
  some investment in infrastructure in the west had to wait . 
  has n't germany , an eu country , more trade with commonwealth countries than the uk ? 
  instead of '' * we had to orient our trade away and respecialize * '' was n't it like that the uk knowingly went into the ` service ' and ` financial ' business , and gave up other trade , while germany for example did not - within the same legal framework ? 
  was n't the uk telling us for years that service and financial ` industry ' is the future ? 
  switzerland follows eu many laws , without having much of a say . 
  hot air balloon flying, 
  where is germany is austerity happening ? 
  my hometown builds a 800 million euro concert hall . 
  taxes are sky high . 
  government spending is on record levels . 
  debt is sky high . 
  billions go to the eu , the former east germany , to afghanistan , the un , ... 
  if that is austerity , i do n't want to see what happens when we start spending . 
  where has be bet his money on ? 
  how often did he announce the immediate end of the euro during the last years ? 
  without schr\u00f6der 's agenda 2010 many more would be poor now . 
  yes , we have seen how well devaluation works with the british pound ... 
  cameron looked naked himself . 
  9th ... http://www.eef.org.uk/nr/rdonlyres/1ec00841-e738-44a3-a837-dfbec00df99b/20520/eef_factcard_2012.pdf, 
  now you only need to find the link to the party ` die linke ', 
  their is a great deal of self delusion going on in your country . 
  you are world leaders in hedge funds , speculation , high-frequency trading , offshore banking , etc. 
  these are not ` services ' in any form . 
  your banking system had to be rescued by the tax payer with obscene amounts of money . 
  you can live with a debt to gdp ratio of 500 % or more . 
  i doubt that . 
  the uk is broke . 
  thatcher , blair and brown were the worst things which ever could happen to britain . 
  remember brown ? 
  he sold the uk gold when it was worth the least . 
  to let the money ` work ' . 
  it 's not to be wrong or right about europe . 
  germany , france and a lot of other countries are dedicated to the idea of a europe union which keeps peace in europe , is a way to negotiate the differences , promotes common values and creates a large market with a single currency . 
  if you look at germany or france , there is little of the hysteria which rules the british press . 
  btw. , germany and german companies also provides a lot of financial services . 
  but much more of that is grounded in the real economy . 
  though enough german banks were tricked by british banks with useless financial ` services ' . 
  deutsche bank is even the largest employer in the finance sector in london , iirc . 
  they may be not your ideals . 
  but they were official politics for the past two decades in the uk . 
  and the germans have be lectured a lot by british politicians ( from thatcher , over blair to gordon brown ) during that time . 
  talk about ` dominance . 
  in my view a ` free market ' is not an unregulated market . 
  the uk version of it looks more like a unregulated casino , disconnected from the ` real ' economy . 
  where the german version of a ` social market economy ' is more oriented towards trading of goods and services . 
  decent shape ? 
  did you see the amount of british debt ? 
  actually it would look even worse if you have n't burned through all this north sea oil and gas . 
  but the debt mountain is sky high . 
  see the red spot in europe : http://www.economist.com/blogs/newsbook/2010/08/government_and_private_debt_after_crisis we want greater influence on a global scale . 
  against china , russia , the us , ... 
  did n't we get them ? 
  if you check the last years , we got a lot of lecturing from that side .
