then the winged hussars arrived . 
  hopefully we have our own version of winged hussars . 
  naa , i 'd probably hate it . 
  given the hate you 've harboured for me , i 'm inclined to say you know what you 're talking about . 
  oh no , however will carry on with life ? 
  probably has more to do with my name and flag tbh, 
  obviously , mate . 
  it was a joke tbh , i thought i made that pretty clear , although i should have realised this sub lacks a large amount of emotional intelligence and understanding . 
  pesky euroshits hijacking our language . 
   just another in the endless ocean of proof that brexiters are stupid cunts . 
  please show me this endless ocean of proof , and then show me the proof that this poll is at all representative , and then show me proof that this is a poll that is reliable and at all representative of brexiteers . 
  yeah , i think they were just given them options and people were like `` ehh , what harm can some new light-bulbs do ? 
  sure , let 's have em back '' . 
  i would n't take this too seriously . 
   if you 're holding a grudge going back to 1779 i do n't , i was just making a joke tbh, 
   and why is that a reasonable assumption ? 
  the journalist asked the hypothetical question and michael howard answered the hypothetical question . 
  this entire thread is about spain and britain going to war over gibraltar because of a hypothetical question taken out of context and used to smear brexiteers . 
  `` yadayada everyone who voted against me is insane or stupid yadayada , i 'm right everyone else is wrong . 
   posturing in order to get support from the voters . 
  the guy is n't even in government and is a retired politician . 
  how is this getting him votes ? 
   what 's the point of these articles ? 
  they get upvotes on reddit by people who did n't click it but use it as a chance to paint the british as fascists . 
  step . 
  the journalist asked how he expected the pm to react if spain were to invade gibraltar , and he answered that he 'd expect may to fight to protect it . 
  did you even read this malarky , or did you just see the headline and attempt to use it to besmirch brexiteers and conservatives ? 
  judging from your comment , i 'd expect the latter . 
  you 're being disingenuous . 
  / u/soybeanexplosion is n't claiming spain are planning on invading , he is saying that if a war were to start over gibraltar , it would almost certainly be spain who started it . 
   let the guy end his imaginary wars that never existed well , i mean spain did try and siege gibraltar back in 1779 . 
  [ 24th june 1779 best day of my life . 
  it would sound sexy af ; `` awite luv , i 'm gunna fiia my beens up your backside , that sweet enuff for you , darling ? '', 
  bet your panties are super wet, 
  long may she reign !, 
  france was done the second king leopold called for their help and then surrendered . 
  communication was lost , the maginot line was breached , and the bef and french army where dangerously close to being encircled and completely wiped out . 
  better to fight another day than never to fight again . 
   usa will be unimportant . 
  wishful but delusional thinking . 
  hmm , yes it 's just those big bad pro-sovereignty posters being hypocrites , right ? 
  us lovely europhiles would never advocate for scottish nationalism and sovereignty , would we ? 
  those whom the gods wish to destroy and all that . 
  it all depends on where they 're born and where they currently live . 
  for example , a black millionaire from the caribbean living in north london . 
  chances are he will speak the slang used in north london , which comes from the caribbean . 
  he speaks the stereotypical working class slang and lives in a stereotypical black working class area , and even though he 's a millionaire , he is considered '' '' `` working '' '' '' class . 
  now , i realise that sounds ludicrous because he is obviously not working class , but remember that class is n't really about wealth in england , it is about background , accent , speech , and public perception . 
  he speaks stereotypical black working class slang , and he will always have the label of ` working class ' . 
  it would take all year to list all foreigners and their place in the class system comparative with their current location . 
  i 'll give you a different example , this time of a white man being labelled working class when he clearly is n't . 
  russell brand . 
  he is a white man who is a millionaire and live in a nice part of england . 
  however , as a teen he was a smack addict , heroin addict , crack addict , and he went to a shit school . 
  despite his current wealth , he will never get rid of the label ` working class ' . 
  some people have begun to see brand as ` middle class ' , but that has nothing to do with his wealth . 
  brand has become interested in politics , a traditionally middle class man 's game , brand has worked on his speech and does n't slur his speech , he has extended his vocabulary , and he has got rid of his east end accent , for the most part . 
  another example of a rich white man being labelled ` working class ' ; danny dyer . 
  you probably have n't heard of him , but its safe to say he 's a lot richer than your average briton , and he is almost certainly higher class than most of britain . 
  give him a quick google and hear his accent , and you 'll notice straight away you deem him as uneducated , poor , and working class . 
  despite him being richer than most british people and being on primetime tv everyday of the week , he is working class because he has an east end accent and uses slang . 
  class does n't discriminate on race or ethnicity . 
  it all depends on how you are perceived . 
  yep , still makes for a good story though . 
  yes , but i 'm not talking about millionaires and poor people . 
  for example , one man can earn # 30k a year and live in a one bedroom flat , but his school was better , his family was better spoken , and his dad worked as a car salesman in london . 
  this man is considered middle class . 
  the other man earns # 30k a year and lives in a one bedroom flat , but his school was n't very good , his family was poor , and his dad was a factory worker from east london and has a cockney accent . 
  despite them being in the same situation now , one would be considered middle class , the other is considered working class and his accent would be the subject of mockery all over the television ( little britain , catherine tate etc ) . 
  class is n't really a wealth thing in the uk . 
  you can be a '' '' `` chav '' '' '' who earns # 40k a year , and even though you 're not `` council housed and violent '' anymore , your accent and background will mean you will always be labelled a chav . 
  it 's an incredibly complicated class system that could be discussed all day . 
  ah , my mistake . 
  i was under the impression he died in battle fighting the welsh . 
  thanks for correction . 
   king alfred and his ** descendent ** fought off danish invaders and reconquered northumbria , east anglia , and wales . 
  edward the elder and his sister fought in wales , conquered most of it but edward died in battle as far as i know . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  that is next on my checklist , right after i burn a synagogue and praise hitler 1488 times . 
  fun ?!, 
  are you mad ? 
  i have personally bottled 3 foreigners , been stabbed 5 times , have starved to death 15 times , and have been arrested for watching porn 18 times in the last hour . 
  do you think this is some kind of a game ? 
   the class divide is very noticeable this is a huge thing in the uk . 
  many people , mostly on the far-left , see uk as a racist hellhole after brexit , but the truth is people are much more divided by class than by race , and it always has , and always will be like this . 
  the blacks and whites of the working class have far more in common than the blacks and whites of the upper classes . 
  shh , have you forgotten that we 've somehow been so reduced as a country we are starving and dying without the eu ? 
  do n't go against the narrative . 
  this is a pro-eu subreddit , our nation is anti-eu . 
  some disdain is to be expected , no point in moaning about it . 
  i 'm late to the party , but there are very few comments with upvotes , so i 'll contribute ; * country is divided by class much more than we are divided by race/religion . 
  * kickstarted and maintained european dominance with industrial revolution . 
  * really cool castles . 
  * one of the last few countries with a monarchy . 
  * invented football , cricket , and rugby . 
  * discovered gravity , evolution , * invented world wide web * steam turbine * shakespere * lightbulb was invented by brits so they could play football at night * television * antibiotics * held the worlds largest empire * britannia ruled the waves * pretty great sailors * once a colony of the romans * rubber band * the tank was a brainchild of churchill . 
  * first modern toilet * the bouncing bomb * operation mincemeat ( fantastic ww2 espionage stunt ) * very good warring nation , for example ; napoleonic wars , battle of agincourt , opium wars , and both world wars . 
  * sacrificed being the world superpower to uphold the freedom of their european allies * tried to convince america to fight ussr after ww2 to liberate eastern europe * incredible diplomacy * incredible at espionage * incredible literature * won the falklands war despite being at an incredible disadvantage . 
  * one of the biggest contributors to science and technology . 
  * king alfred the great defeated the great heathen army and forced danes to convert to christianity .
