  people on this sub underestimate how polarizing fillon and macron are and how many people would n't vote for them even if against le pen . 
  1 ) explain to me how protectionism alone is going to absorb 3-5 millions unemployed . 
  and raise wages . 
  2 ) how is what you just described as national-liberalism left-wing in any way shape or form , which is after all the initial propaganda i 'm trying to debunk ? 
  edit : aaaaand , i realized i 'm talking with a trumpette , not the brightest bulb in the room , so i 'll curiously read your reply but do n't expect any follow-up . 
  saying it 's more left-wing because she wants to protect the bare minimum of state benefit and structure for nationalistic purpose contrary macron and fillon is silly . 
  it 's stiill incredibly right-wing . 
  she flip-floped for month on the retirement age then stuck to it to appear as left-wing as m\u00e9lenchon because she knows medias wo n't stop asking m\u00e9lenchon `` so you 're like le pen are n't you ? '' . 
  her program is full of tax cuts for companies , so people will have to pay for the removed public services out of their own pocket , and if you know how she actually wants to pay for the 60 year-old retirement without the money i 'm super curious . 
  look at the program as a whole , not just a few buzzwords . 
  the el khomri labor law is so bad valls had to use the 49.3 assembly rule to bypass debates and blackmail the parliament into voting it 3 times . 
  or maybe you 're saying they 've hit rock bottom they can only go up ? 
  i 'd almost agree with that if i did n't know better . 
  i think it analyzes [ le pen 's program ] ( https://www.marine2017.fr/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/projet-presidentiel-marine-le-pen.pdf ) very superficially . 
  - her protectionist measures are nationalistic , not social-rights/environmental measures . 
  - what is branded as `` reduce taxes '' is effectively reducing almost every taxes companies pay , meaning people will have to pay for the services that will be destroyed out of their own pocket . 
  - she flip-floped for months on the retirement age , before deciding it was politically advantageous to settle for the symbolic age 60 with 40 work-years for a full pension without telling us how she plans to pay for it with all the tax cuts . 
  - she also symbolically maintains the legal 35h work-week , but opens the door for industry wide negotiation of 39h work-weeks , and given the balance of power between worker unions and money interests and the liberal overtone of her program , it 's a done deal . 
  [ see also my other reply on this topic . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/625blg/frances_former_socialist_pm_manuel_valls_backs/dfkbv4o/?context=3&amp;utm_content=context&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage ) her measures have the wording of caring about peoples right , but if you look at what it does in practice it 's just nationalism/liberalism/racism depending on the subject . 
  i think euronews falls for the trap of taking her words at face value and fails to look at her program more deeply , scares away from doing a real political analysis of it . 
  they 're not the only ones , pretty much all medias does it because it 's easier to repeat , except the rare guest on 24/7 news network that reminds it to people . 
  do you consider france or western countries that vote to elect their highest representatives democracies ? 
  i 'll help by saying that i do n't consider them democracies , because they 're perverted in many ways , but i 'm curious about your answer . 
  if he was going to be a sore loser , ho should n't have participated in the primaries , whose rules said the loser had to support the winner . 
  or participated with the mention that if he lost he 'd support macron so that people know what he stood for . 
  or acknowledge that he made a mistake thinking he could abide by the rules if he lost when he announced his support for macron . 
  this has nothing to do with him favoring the country and everything to do with him putting his career before principles . 
  let me rephrase that : this has everything to do with his core principles being the search for power instead of upholding socialist values . 
  the man stands for nothing and will sell out for anything , as his tenure as prime minister already proved and he continues to show . 
  how has upholding democratically decided rules within your democratic party aspiring to rule your democratic country nothing to do with democracy ? 
  le pen and the front national program is economically national-liberal-capitalist . 
  it is n't left-wing . 
  please read it for yourself . 
  hey , the constitution has no official value , it 's just made up words on paper !, 
  democracy is made of plenty of division and subdivision that allows it to function . 
  at what point are rules not something people are expected to abide to ? 
  the constitution ? 
  the laws ? 
  associative rules ? 
  nobody is saying valls has no right to do what he did , just that it goes against the rules he was supposed to abide to as a member of the socialist party . 
  as a result there should be consequences . 
  when you break the law , you 're punished . 
  the socialist party rules say that he should be excluded . 
  we 're waiting on that . 
  he 's free to support macron outside the socialist party . 
  [ there are a few limitations in the us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_free_speech_exceptions ) , the most used one probably being the libel and slander laws , but i agree it 's much more sacred in the us and i like the french approach better . 
  you 're mistaking acknowledging the results and agreeing with the winner . 
  nobody is saying that an election loser has to agree with what the winner says . 
  what people are trying to tell you is that the losers have to respect that the winner won and the conditions that went with it in the election . 
  in the case of the primary , the conditions were that the losers had to support the winner even if they did n't agree with him . 
  in other words : do n't be a sore loser . 
  if valls knew that he would be a sore loser , he should n't have participated , period . 
  that 's what m\u00e9lenchon did . 
  when you , as a public servant that pledges to uphold democratic values , show that you are without honor and integrity , you send the signal the democracy you serve does n't care about honor and integrity as values . 
  i agree that that person 's comment was weirdly worded , but if you go beyond that it 's clear that valls whole course of action fragilizes democracy and that he could have supported macron in a way that did n't . 
  the only mention of unions in [ her program ] ( https://www.marine2017.fr/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/projet-presidentiel-marine-le-pen.pdf ) , under a section called `` make france a freedom country again '' :  10 ) ensure the respect of freedom of association within the sole limits of public order and support small cultural , sports , humanitarian , edacation , etc ... associative structures that animate our territories . 
  ** establish a true union freedom by removing the representation monopoly and moralize unions with a public control of union financing . 
  ** she does n't like the current democratically elected unions ( no mention of the medef that is n't elected yet dictates the economical agenda btw ) , so she wants to remove their power and use her public office to control and , no doubt , pressure them . 
  under a section about freedom . 
  she mentions consumers 4 times - 36 ) to defend nationalist protectionism . 
  - 62 ) a vague rant about big companies committing fraud . 
  - 113 ) consumer associations having seats in the csa , the media control authority . 
  - 129 ) to defend nationalist protectionism . 
  if you read the rest of her program it 's full of liberal policies such as massively lowering taxes and `` administrative burden '' . 
  unions are a threat to her program and she cares neither about workers or consumers . 
  she has a national-liberal-capitalist economic program . 
  she is right-wing all the way . 
  she 's a nationalist capitalist . 
  nothing to do with the left . 
  i mean , i understand what you mean , but that 's like saying a segregationist is n't racist because they do n't want to kill black people . 
  at some point we need to stop treating the base minimum decency as something to praise . 
  i absolutely want the ps to disappear , but such zombies have a huge inertia and i fear its agony and dragging down of french left-wing will continue for years . 
  macron is supported by many people with established careers as mainstream socialist or right-wing politicians . 
  he 's trying to build his legitimacy by showing people from all sides can rally behind him , but the mess it appears as is starting to be a bit of a burden . 
  remember when people wanted m\u00e9lenchon to participate in the primaries , but m\u00e9lenchon said no because he could n't support valls if he won ? 
  well now you know who 's honest and whose word mean something , and who is a scheming bastard that will try to get his way no matter how treacherous he has to be . 
  how can people still even ask that m\u00e9lenchon supports hamon when his own party ca n't even support him ? 
  now to wait and see if the socialist party first secretary kicks macron supporters from the party as promised . 
  well let 's ask people who have plenty to share and we 'll see how we can do , shall we ? 
  or everyone gets cake but wealthy people do n't get a hundred anymore ? 
  alternatively , veto power makes smaller countries more vulnerable to financial blackmail so they do n't hold their vote , whereas relative or qualified majority leaves country more free to disagree without getting in the way or build alternative majority . 
   they are going to witness , first class , what is the main ~ ~ advantage ~ ~ aberration of being inside the eu : its ~ ~ bargaining ~ ~ intra-bullying power . 
  ftfy . 
  you might have the wrong idea of what socialism means if you think it hinders scientific and technological progress or makes people too poor to buy technological products . 
  if fact computers and technologies in general are full of discoveries that were publicly financed and we would have had to wait decades more to have computers if we had to rely on capitalists to take risks and do private research to come up with it all . 
  exactly . 
  liberal capitalism leaves people at the mercy of the goodwill of capital holders , and we all know how that usually turns out . 
  newsflash : liberal capitalism pushes lower quality products on poorer people and better quality products on richer people , and the only way to level the playing field is with strict regulation pushing quality up because capitalists will make profit any way they can . 
  coming up next : water is wet and fire burns . 
  which requires popular support and not be forced top-down . 
  it will be decades before there is any kind of european people unity and will most probably only happen after the eu as we know it officially fails and we are required to rethink it . 
  it does take a conspiracy theorist to think it 's colonization as opposed to good old fashion political leverage and holding each others by the balls . 
   `` fuck off creep . '', 
   `` fuck you , you 're ugly anyway ! '', 
  -- erdogan , probably . 
  they both relate to what different political groups think the eu should stand for or have influence over . 
  the current eu framework is very economy focused , with a very narrow path countries are allowed to walk on , and very permissive socially wise , not caring about upward social harmonization , letting each country do as it pleases , even when it 's such backward things as reproductive rights in poland , hungary or ireland . 
  you seem to be fine with this state of things . 
  some other people think the opposite , that the eu should strongly enforce social and human rights values on its members , harmonize labor laws in a progressive manner , while letting the economic policies be decided domestically instead of the current lisbon treaty mandatory liberalism and austerity .
