  it is normal procedure for the prosecutor to raid suspected delinquents or criminals under investigation homes yes . 
  hey , i do n't like hollande or macron either , nor do i like the near incestuous relations between the top politicians/journalist/industry people , but there is no conspiracy here . 
  what has n't been normal up until a few years ago was prosecutors being lukewarm on going after political figures . 
  they understand now that people are fed up and want accountability , so they are n't shy anymore . 
  not as much anyway . 
  maybe they can raid [ his manor ] ( http://prd-bone-image.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/vsd/2017/02/09/5e8a1f6e-66ca-4f77-8f4f-69be38107a22.jpeg ) next . 
  we just have to remember to reach our ideals we need to start with were we are instead of were we wish we were , but i much prefer idealism to cynicism . 
  i hope you do n't mistake my frustration with defective institutions for that . 
  i do n't trust them from experience . 
  laws are tricky because they often contain a mix a things one might approve or disapprove , but there is a lengthy and mostly open process to make and vote them , so it 's fine even if you do n't agree with the majority in place . 
  i 'm leaving aside parliamentary measures that can allow a government to bypass parliamentary debate and force a law to be adopted by legally blackmailing mps like we have in france . 
  immunity on the other hand is solely mps voting to decide if one of their own is to face justice . 
  it 's not a problem in an exemplary democracy , where bogus cases are n't a thing , and even facing the prospect of charges would be an indignity and you could trust mps to lift the immunity . 
  france is n't an exemplary democracy . 
  we have plenty of representative that face justice . 
  we had a tax evading budget minister , in charge of the country 's sole administration that could have investigated him , for heavens sake . 
  we have a 91 yo senator , serge dassault , facing corruption charges ( with attempted murder if i 'm not confusing cases , telling you how crazy it is ) whose immunity was n't lifted by the senate , controlled by his party , because a lot of them are just as corrupted and they know if they were to face charges in the future they would n't have political protection if they voted to lift the immunity . 
  it 's not a matter of statute of limitation , it 's a matter of being able to hold your representatives accountable now instead of letting them abuse the system for years before facing justice . 
  and what justice it is when our ex president , jacques chirac , finally faced justice after his presidency only to have the case dismissed under the pretext of a medical condition affecting his memory . 
  never mind that he has been acting fine and showing no such problem since . 
  it was seen as a pure comedy at the time , but we could n't do anything . 
  in france , politicians are n't responsible , because they protect themselves across partisan lines . 
  when the process that should protect them from destabilization by the judiciary branch allows them to escape justice for very real crimes , the process needs to be changed . 
  if you have a better idea than changing who is allowed to lift their immunity ( and my proposal of a jury seems very reasonable ) , i 'm all ears . 
  yeah , you see reports like `` fn leads the youth vote '' and whatnot . 
  it 's true that younger people are fed up with the main two parties , but in absolute numbers most do n't vote , not vote for le pen . 
  same reports and numbers with the working class . 
  from a left-wing perspective , it 's very frustrating . 
  you 're trying to motivate people to vote , and medias misrepresent who people are voting for in a demotivating way . 
  i 'd like if there was as much reporting on why people do n't vote instead of why they vote fn , but that 's a bit too much abrasive for french journalists ... 
  there were [ 44\u00a0834\u00a0000 registered voters in mars 2016 ] ( https://www.insee.fr/fr/statistiques/2499456 ) . 
  people will remember to register for the most important election , let 's make it 45\u00a0000\u00a0000 . 
  france 's population is projected to be [ 64\u00a0848\u00a0638 today ] ( http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/france-population/ ) , but it 'll cross the 65\u00a0000\u00a0000 mark during the presidency so let 's use this round number . 
  fillon and le pen are given between 45 and 50 % in polls . 
  let 's be generous and follow you first claim of 50 % . 
  crush the numbers , they represent about 22\u00a0500\u00a0000 voters ( many of who voted for them not by conviction by because they 're the least worst in their opinion , but lets leave that for now ) , or 34.6 % of the population . 
  take into account the increase in population , the fact that they appeal more to older people , that a lot of votes lack conviction and that we 've been generous with poll numbers , they represent about 33 % of the population . 
  probably less . 
  i 'm not saying others represent more , just that it 's not right to claim the winning candidate or any coalition represents half the country . 
  especially when it comes to the right wing , given that their electorate is generally well mobilized , while unregistered people and those who abstain voting tend to be more disillusioned left-wing , that often contribute politically outside of elections . 
  not sure exactly . 
  the point of immunity is that mps ca n't be harassed by bogus court cases right ? 
  the process to lift the immunity needs to be legitimate , practical and without conflicts of interests . 
  in this case , a country 's judicial system is asking the eu parliament to lift immunity of one of it 's members . 
  i think each eu country should have a judicial echelon that has legitimacy to ask for the immunity to be lifted . 
  if the case is n't dismissed as bogus early on and reaches this echelon , the immunity should be lifted automatically upon asking , for that specific case only . 
  would probably be even better if the eu court of justice was the one with power to lift the mps immunity , but pigs will fly before it gets any kind of power to prosecute the other branches like in any normal democracy . 
  within a country , maybe a jury ? 
  it 's impractical eu wide , but i think citizens within a country able to judge if someone is guilty or not in criminal cases should be able to judge if a case is legitimate enough for mps to face justice instead of being protected by fellow mps . 
   they only represent * less than * half the ~ ~ entire population ~ ~ voters ftfy . 
  it should n't be up to the parliament one is a member of to decide if your immunity gets lifted . 
  it encourages mps to protect each others , use it as leverage for votes and policies by whipping big blocks . 
  i got your hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy reference , do n't worry . 
  i 'm all for bashing the guy who made his country a tax haven that leeches off of it 's neighbors instead . 
  and the people who did n't mind making him president of the eu commission as a ~ ~ punishment ~ ~ reward . 
  what i mean is , i do n't mind bashing the eu . 
  nah , what 's sad and disrespectful is all the non-french in this sub saying `` i do n't care who gets elected as long as it 's not le pen '' and limiting the choices to fillon and macron . 
  what 's sad is the macron worship when he does n't even have a definite program and is just winging it . 
  what 's sad is there is zero accountability in french politics and it 's destroying us . 
  it 's not about a conspiracy . 
  medias have been pushing hardcore neoliberalism as common sense for 30 years but nobody , left or right , really went at it fully because they know they 'd get blasted . 
  so left and right both did their small bit until today where people are fed up . 
  they do n't want the mainstream left or right candidate that failed them for so long , and the radical left and far-right are more appealing than ever . 
  but , they noticed that young man making his way in the political world that embodied the values they pushed for 30 years , and they thought maybe he should be the third man . 
  not by deciding in secret meetings , just by slowly putting him in the light until they all agreed absolutely publicly that he was the savior . 
  his political legitimacy is build on a documented media bubble . 
  he was artificially inflated until he was mediaticaly big enough to have a political footing of his own . 
  and now medias have their perfect candidate . 
  it 's was all done in the open . 
  there is no conspiracy . 
  for 30 years medias have been saying that we should go beyond partisanship , that we spend too much , that workers rights are cumbersome , that people should work more for less money , that rich people should get tax breaks to help them `` create jobs '' , etc ... after being told that for 30 years , a lot of people believe it , and macron serving it to them on a platter is exactly what they wanted to hear , regardless of any deep political thought . 
  he is definitely a populist with a well shaped audience . 
  i think anyone who asks rich people and corporations to pay their fair share of taxes instead of giving them more free money gets classified as far-left ... edit : just in case it 's not clear , i disprove of this stupid classification . 
  jupp\u00e9 is just as far right as fillon , and valls is more center-right or just plain right , than center-left . 
  it 's incredible how so many candidates can pretend to be farther left than they are just because so many others openly say outrageous things . 
   first warning or what ? 
  which is exactly what your initial comment was . 
   the only situation i am ok with limiting free speech is in the case of direct incitement to violence . 
  which is absolutely subjective . 
  saying `` x population is more prone to do y bad thing '' is a statistic that should only be used by sociologist and not politics , yet when politics say it it becomes [ dog-whistling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dog-whistle_politics ) and a direct incitation to violence for some people who feel justice is better served by their hand . 
  the most common dog-whistling , seen everywhere in this sub , is saying that `` islam is incompatible with western culture . '', 
  it 's not a direct call to violence per se , but for racists it is . 
  for them , islam is a violence imposed on western culture , and as such a violent response to islam is not only legitimate , it 's necessary . 
  you have politicians , from some who identify as left-wing to the far-right , who say that `` islam is incompatible with western culture '' everyday . 
  everyday racists are reassured in the idea that violence against muslims is legitimate and necessary , and a lot act on it . 
  beyond the dog-whistling , from a purely analytical point of view , the phase suggests that 1 ) there are such things as a unified western culture and a unified islamic culture , 2 ) that the two are fundamentally incompatible and 3 ) that this fantasized western culture is superior to the fantasized islamic culture and as such , again , needs to be defended , violence against violence . 
  in more extremes interpretation , one would say that not only should `` western culture '' be defended , but `` islam '' should be eradicated because it 's sole existence poses a threat to `` the west '' . 
  yet i 'm sure despite your definition , you 'll never want to classify the phrase as incitation to violence , because contrary to what you think this criterion * is n't * relatively easy to define and leaves * a lot * room for debate . 
  people have difference interpretation of what constitutes hate speech , so i agree it should n't be left to a brussels technocrat to decide what should and should not be censored ( because that what is suggested and not `` moderation '' contrary to how people usually use the word on reddit ) , but saying there is straight up no such thing as hate speech and any restriction is censorship is plainly wrong . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  there are two approaches . 
  one is being obsessed with sex and procreation and the looming fall of western civilization and uses that as a reason to control , judge and discriminate people 's live with some impossible to implement 1-hour sex-break buzz . 
  the other says we need more time to ourselves and reduces the work week hours by one for everyone without distinction or prescription , and yeah , that will probably give some people time to meet others , forge better relationship , have sex and make babies . 
  that natalism obsession is getting stupid . 
  centrism is a point of view , it 's not neutral . 
  and natives have access to a better defense than migrants . 
  `` where are the stats that confirm my bias and entrench my opinion that we must keep migrants out ? '', 
  i mean , that 's what 's happening for france in reverse . 
  our medias are astonishingly right-wing , yet people seem to think they 're left-leaning . 
  i 'm left leaning so you 'd think it 's just my personal bias speaking , but people actually have lost meaning of what it means to be left or right leaning .
