  being partners does n't mean approving the policies . 
  we 're partner with china or african dictatures , we can be partners with russia . 
  we need to in fact , if we do n't want war . 
  that 's where we 're going if we treat them as an enemy . 
  of course it 's easy to call some thing evil . 
  everyone would say civilian massacre is evil , and m\u00e9lenchon would agree . 
  he gets blasted because he did n't get behind the russia hate-train when they invaded crimea . 
  his position on that is that while he does n't want frontiers in europe to move , he explains ( \u2260 support ) this move as russia protecting their aforementioned interests against nato 's expansionism and militarization near russian frontiers . 
  in french but maybe [ this video ] ( http://www.delitdimages.org/lhologramme-melenshow-ca-marche-video/ ) helps . 
  essentially , he was under an arch with cameras capturing his image in lyon , it was sent to paris , projected on they ground at an angle and reflected onto some kind of curtain on the scene . 
  bandwag0n links * are * propaganda ... i replied to him to debunk it . 
  on treason : he meant a treason of france 's engagement as a sovereign state . 
  you ca n't make and take back business deals just like that , especially when there are french jobs on the line . 
  asking to be independent is n't russian propaganda . 
  about that liberation article , they 've had a vendetta against m\u00e9lenchon for years and go out of their way to smear him anytime they can , so take that article as that . 
  what he said during that interview on syria was that while france and nato was very blurry in who they supported , supporting al qaeda against assad in syria while fighting them in irak and afghanistan , russia was targeting daesh and their oil links with turkey . 
  and at the time he believed that that was the correct attitude to have in syria , fighting daesh , stopping war and holding elections with international guarantees to make assad go , but he since then admitted he was wrong in believing that this specific putin policy would succeed considering the mess it still is . 
  we ca n't have a binary good vs evil rethoric in geo-politics . 
  m\u00e9lenchon said on numerous occasions he does n't support putin , his local policies and things like crimea 's invasion . 
  his political friends in russia are in the opposition or in prison . 
  agreeing with some very specific international policies does n't make m\u00e9lenchon pro-putin . 
  like i said in my edit , m\u00e9lenchon and macron have the same attitude toward russia : diplomacy and no war . 
  yet m\u00e9lenchon gets blasted and macron is a pro-eu savior . 
  propaganda much ? 
  same , if medias praise a `` left-wing '' candidate , something must be strange about them . 
  i know . 
  and so i corrected him . 
  hey , good news , that sensible attitude is that of m\u00e9lenchon , classed on the far-left by medias . 
  thing is , while macron or other right-wing candidate 's method to not accept everyone is to create hard european borders , m\u00e9lenchon say he wants to tackle the problem at the source . 
  he wants to treat the three main causes : war , climate change and destruction of local economies through unfair liberal treaties . 
  the goal is n't to have migrants pile up in misery at our doors but make sure both those who come and those who stay can live in dignity . 
   he is pro-social-eu , anti-competition-eu and anti-putin pro-diplomacy with russia . 
  ftfy . 
  stop the propaganda please . 
  edit : i find it incredible that m\u00e9lenchon gets called a pro-russian ( meaning pro-putin , it 's stupid to be anti-russian ) for his position while macron has the exact same attitude toward russian and gets hailed a pro-eu savior . 
  they 're both for diplomacy with russia and against war , as simple as that . 
  are you sure about that 400k on facebook ? 
  i like m\u00e9lenchon and i wish he had more coverage , but that seems a bit high . 
  nice rally anyway , both form and substance . 
  hahaha , could have fooled me . 
  well in fact you did , 
  i think you 're being sarcastic , but i 'm not sure . 
  anyway , if that 's the case i agree . 
  centrism is the death of politics . 
  he was unknown a few years ago , and being a liberal banker became a media darling whose savior image was incessantly pushed since he became close to hollande . 
  seriously , your problem is with her economic policies and not her isolationist ones ? 
  i mean , like i said , it 's a puff piece , there is n't much substance . 
  it 's about making macron likeable . 
  to a north-american audience , he has everything to please on the surface : economically and socially liberal , young and charming , in good position to beat le pen if they both get in the second round and does n't want to challenge the european union construction . 
  if that 's your thing , if you 're closer to democrats and did n't mind clinton 's business interests much , you 'll like him . 
  personally , i do n't like him for his ideas and being a pure media and corporate interests creation who see him as the liberal messiah . 
  he 's pro-austerity , wants to slash the national budget and hand free money to companies . 
  if french medias did n't have such a hardon for these kind of policies , macron would n't exist . 
  if your thing is more sanders , macron is n't close . 
  on the `` politics and sex '' side of things , it 's pretty much correct . 
  there is n't this expectation of the perfect family , married for decades with beautiful children . 
  in the us it seems like it 's required as a moral guarantee , so people know they can be trusted . 
  and if they cheat , there 's this public contrition exercise . 
  in france politics romantic and sexual life is just gossip . 
  as long as they do their job , whatever . 
  almost to a fault , because while some politics have been involved with sexual harassment or domestic abuse cases and lay low on the national level , they 're still elected and involved on the local level . 
  dsk is probably the exception . 
  that thing about relationships between students and teachers being almost expected at university is bullshit though . 
  the only thing you 'll sometimes see is people complaining that tax money has to pay for a president 's extra-marital life . 
  famous example is mitterrand 's mistress and daughter being housed and protected using tax money . 
  the flip side is , they can be targets for foreign intelligence and messing with them could harm the president 's ability to do their job effectively , so in my opinion it makes sense to protect the lover as much as the spouse as long as it does n't go overboard . 
  looked it up , did n't see much resemblance . 
  as a french citizen knowing a whole lot about french politics , do n't put too much credit in this opinion piece . 
  in case you read the comments first : it 's a macron puff piece . 
  yeah , call me the day fascists proudly claim to be fascists . 
  fascist 's place is at home hurting no one , not on college campuses . 
  i get called a putin friend when i say western medias do as much communication/propaganda as russian 's and we should be as much a critic of both , so you wo n't hear me deny that . 
  i do n't think it 's about finding the covers appealing or not though . 
  they tell something about what narratives drives the conversation and that 's the interesting part to me . 
  propaganda is n't synonymous with lie , it just means we need to be careful how we handle the topic . 
  the message is absolutely different . 
  the new yorker cover suggest liberty is extinguishing . 
  der spiegel cover is reminiscent of isis decapitation propaganda videos and suggest liberty is being slaughtered . 
  completely different dynamics . 
  what does `` a weak attempt '' even mean ? 
  interesting , i did n't know about this situation . 
  on one hand , i understand the comoros union claim on mayotte , but on the other hand mayotte seems more interested in staying french than joining the union . 
  people 's right to self-determination would make me say mayotte is n't as much occupied as just a remnant of french colonization . 
  no , there is a correlation between being involved in wars in muslim majority countries and ( edit : islamic ) terrorists attacks . 
  important : he can still appeal and wo n't lose his seat as senator until next elections late 2017 , if he even gets ousted . 
  also he owns both the dassault group , huge manufacturer of military equipment whose main buyer is the french state , and the newspaper le figaro , one of the biggest selling french newspaper and politically right-wing . 
  i mean , ireland is also a tax haven that steals money from other european countries , so it might be easier for them to redistribute money that is n't theirs in the first place . 
  yeah , i was looking up for the english equivalent of the french `` c\u00f4tisation '' and there was n't one . 
  only translation was like `` membership fee '' , which in a sense it is . 
  you have your gym membership fee that gives you access to a lot of equipment and services for free or cheap . 
  kinda the same way with your country and the `` membership fee '' on the salary , except you also pay for people who are n't lucky enough have a job or are in retirement . 
  it 's like if for every 10 gym membership the gym sponsored a free one for someone that ca n't pay for it . 
  anyway , it 's funny how some languages do n't have such nuances in words and it can shape different perception of the same thing . 
  hum , for most people it is deferred . 
  most people are n't rich . 
  only a small fraction of people do n't get back the value of the taxes they paid in public services . 
  this illustrates well a notion that blew my mind when i first heard about it a few years ago : taxes is n't the government taking your money , it 's actually deferred salary . 
  do n't know exactly , behind the door political bickering . 
  someone did n't get the position they wanted , or they did something and did n't get what was promised in return , or was just thrown under the bus at some point despite years of fidelity . 
  ca n't really know if we do n't know who is leaking .
