  capitalism and liberalism were better equipped to take over the world in the 20th century and so they did . 
  not because they were better for the people , but because they were better at acquiring positions of power . 
  nothing about the value of left wing policies were said in this lost battle . 
  hopefully people realise the world is quite miserable as it is and make the 21st century the one socialism lifts people up . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is good old regular left and doing fairly well . 
  clinton or blair are right wing thought . 
  i mean , to me there 's no such thing as centrist , it 's just a nice way to say `` right-wing but not batshit crazy '' . 
  french politics is weird indeed . 
  hamon is center-left , but the ps is completely right wing . 
  it 's common to say in france that hollande was elected on the misunderstanding that he is left wing . 
  his economic policies were openly right-wing and it 's perfectly logical right-wing macron was brought along . 
  well then i did n't know trudeau enough and he is more right wing than i thought . 
  macron never was a socialist party member , simply member of the government . 
  but yeah , i 'd say most of the ps is right wing . 
  again , it 's not an insult , just a political positioning based on their own beliefs . 
  putting socialist on the label does n't make them left wing , or else i 'm going to start saying i live in a cat-house . 
  the ps has a long history and drifted to the right , it 's just time we admit it instead of pretending like last century 's positioning is still relevant today . 
  capitalist and economically liberal . 
  pretty straightforward non-insulting stuff . 
  i do n't know enough about foreign politicians to say if i 'd definitely classify them left or right . 
  i 'm more about the direction than the positioning anyway . 
  like , to take someone well known enough for me to have an opinion on , i 'd say obama is center-right or maybe just classical right wing , but given the state of the us even though i do n't agree with where he stands , i think he roughly went in the correct direction and i 'm glad for it . 
  honestly , i doubt even if i knew them i could classify a `` western '' leader to the left . 
  they 'd have to be anti-capitalist and economically anti-liberal , which is where i position the left ( and is probably your real question anyway ) , so that eliminates pretty much everyone . 
  some south-american leaders would probably fit the bill . 
  canada 's justin trudeau might be the closest at center-left . 
  today if you 're not a backward bigot populist you 're classified to the left , so ... let 's update our definitions and admit that macron is indeed right-wing despite what he says . 
  i mean , there 's no shame in that , he just needs to be honest . 
  of course they do : macron . 
   method : his campaign is backed and sponsored by french medias and wealthy corporate interests . 
  ftfy . 
  seriously though , mainstream `` journalists '' have a serious liberalism and austerity boner ( just look at last night socialist primary tv debate , they only had `` debt , debt , pay less , pay less !! '', 
  to the mouth ) , and ceo 's do n't even have to lobby and pressure the main parties anymore because macron is happy to do it all . 
  she claims herself to never have been involved in her husband 's political career . 
  either she 's lying ( for her husband 's political career sake , which would be quite ironic ) , or she 's telling the truth and never did work for him in any capacity . 
  nobody saw her work , and she claims herself that she 's never been involved in her husband 's political career . 
  of course more things pop up near elections , does n't mean they 're false or we should dismiss them . 
  we had dsk and still have regular sexual harassment or domestic violence scandals among mps or other political figures . 
  do n't count on that to make them resign or abandon politics though , nor people stop voting for them . 
  most french people do n't really know or care i think . 
  and that 's the problem , she was hired but apparently did n't work . 
  she even claimed herself a few month ago to never have been involved in her husband 's political career . 
  living in paranoia must be absolutely exhausting . 
  sure , that 's fine , but in fillon 's and his wife 's case it 's what is called a ghost employment , meaning someone is on the payroll for work not done , which is illegal . 
  i 'm not versed in law , but it could also be considered embezzlement of public funds , given part of it was done with taxpayer money . 
  all in all not something you want to do . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think putin is trash and i hope for radical change in russia . 
  that being said , like you mention the usa are ones with the military . 
  not europe . 
  and neither russia . 
  check out this page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures they 're fourth behind china and saudi arabia . 
  barely above france , the uk , and germany . 
  european countries alone would have more spending than them . 
  the thing is , i think you 're wrong about putin wanting to invade half of europe . 
  he knows that not only do european countries have more budget than russia ( as long as we 're united , and we could easily increase it a lot if they were an active threat ) , but the us would intervene even if we were n't nato members . 
  what nato allows is the us positioning missile batteries all around russia through member states . 
  members states by that both subcontracts their defense to the usa , and back russia into a corner . 
  back a rabid dog into a corner and it will bite , and that 's what crimea was . 
  i think putin would be happy ruling his little fiefdom and if we let him do his thing , with the understanding that we 're well capable of defending ourselves if needed without the us help , but that they would come anyway , they would n't dare move an inch toward us . 
   it would be pretty big loss of prestige for the us to cut eu off i 'm saying we cut the us off , not the other way around . 
  i believe being nato members weakens our position against russia , not strengthens it . 
  only if we are independent can we be credible and united , not the other way around . 
  so yeah , we could have an european defense and nato , but it would i think be a mistake . 
  a mp used his parliamentary fund to pay fillon 's wife , and fillon used his to pay for that mp 's assistant . 
  fillon 's wife was also employed for 19 months at a magazine , 5000 $ before taxes per month , during which time she signed 2 or 3 `` reading notes '' . 
  that 's the man , and party , that rants on and on about how we waste money on welfare and it makes people lazy , and how we should reduce drastically public spending . 
  none of this is surprising of course , but it should follow him the whole campaign . 
  edit : typo . 
  european defense is only credible if we all leave nato . 
  put that on the table and we can debate , otherwise it 's just buzzwords and political seduction . 
  western lying machine is just more subtle and subconscious . 
  russian state manufactures lies and spins and has state/fear controlled media and international puppets propagate it . 
  it 's quite obvious , unsophisticated and easy for the west to criticize . 
  western cultures medias are n't state controlled but either media or industrial empires that have interests in , to some extent , shaping the story . 
  they most often do so on partisan lines and repeat the same lies the politicians they support . 
  when they do n't outright lie , they frame the story in ways that support their ideologies and do n't upset their advertiser . 
  like i said at the top , all that partisanship and ideological framing is mostly subconscious after decades of self-propaganda . 
  journalists believe what they say but it does n't make it the truth . 
  standard disclaimer : yes journalists do also reports facts , no not everything they say is a deliberate evil spin , no they 're not all and all the time bad , liars , partisan , no the truth does n't lie in the middle , yes plenty do a formidable job , etc ... 
  on one hand , russians tell lies and we expose them , and we tell lies and russians expose them . 
  on the other hand , a lot of the truth in international relationships are n't hard numbers or facts but a matter of perspective . 
  now i 'm not saying each side is as bad as the other or two sides of the same coin as you put , but it 's equally naive to think the eu is a paragon of justice and truth that does n't spin facts and narrative in it 's favor . 
  we 're talking about international relationships and diplomacy here , not science . 
  no false equivalencies please . 
  sarkozy did have a stronger voice i think , but aligned ideologically with merkel , so there was n't much balance . 
  a southern alliance would indeed be nice . 
  oh yeah i agree , france 's leadership has been absolutely weak under hollande and allowed germany to push it 's politics onto others uncontested . 
  i only see that changing if m\u00e9lenchon is elected , fillon might have a stronger voice ( edit : than hollande ) but whether him or macron or le pen they would all align with the current economical trend in the eu . 
  i think people do n't care about the eu focusing on immigration and security , and would rather it focuses on unifying by the top social standards and wages instead of promoting competition between allied countries and austerity . 
  diplomacy : we do n't really want the drama of arresting you , but want to make it clear you 're not welcome and other people may face similar threats of arrest so if you ever want to come to belgium do n't do war crimes . 
   they trade with nobody on a position of equality . 
  they just push around nations weaker than them and plot against nations stronger than them . 
  so just like the usa ? 
   they need to prove they want to be good . 
  this is n't about morals , it 's about international relations . 
  us meddling in the middle east and south america is n't good , yet they 're a partner . 
  us pushing devastating free trades agreements that are n't fair , not real free trade and a menace to net neutrality is n't good , yet we 're partner with them . 
  israel is a conservative theocracy oppressing palestinian and is n't good , yet we 're partner with them . 
  most `` western democracies '' have an oligarchic backbone , yet we 're partners with each others . 
  do n't you see the double standard ?
