  i do n't follow closely ukrainian politics , but i hope you 'll agree that neo-nazis have nothing to do in the government or parliament and allowing them to be there was ( / is if they 're still there ) a disgrace . 
  people who are complicit need to be called out , yes . 
  if you fought against them , you do n't need to take his attack at hearth . 
  so basically a us spies operating base to spy on both russia and the eu . 
  we need eu counterintelligence unit there , not nato . 
  edit : also , that 's the kind of decision that should require the approval of the 27 other states . 
  letting foreign spies operating on your soil is n't some random domestic policy . 
  i mean , good for them if they hold out , i 'm not rooting for my political opponents to do things i disapprove of just to prove a point , but i 'm not holding my breath either . 
  i could tease you and say it 's only a matter of time and opportunity , 
  is this where the term `` virtue signaling '' takes origin ? 
  a quick research tells me it was coined later , but there is definitely an embryo of the idea there , even if the author does n't seem to give it any inherent pejorative meaning . 
  aside from that , great article , it 's always refreshing to see people acknowledging we do n't all perceive reality the same . 
  i do think it lacks one thing . 
  lets see the key paragraph :  okay , i 'll put you out of your misery and tell you my hypothesis now . 
  my hypothesis is that rightism is what happens when you 're optimizing for surviving an unsafe environment , leftism is what happens when you 're optimized for thriving in a safe environment . 
  rightism is what happen when you perceive your environment as unsafe , leftism is what happens when you perceive it as safe . 
  my problem is that the author implies the contingent nature of falling on either side of the alternative meant their consequences had equal value and legitimacy . 
  what is implied is that neither perceive their environment fairly , that the rightist perceives it less safe than it really is , and that the leftist perceives it as more safe than it really is . 
  i think the author forgets that few people are aware of this discrepancy , and that we have a natural tendency to try to make reality match our perception of it instead of letting reality adjust our perception of it . 
  reality adjustments are unnatural and brutal . 
  in that optic , rightism and leftism are n't simple perceptions of reality , they are forces that try to shape it . 
  rightists are trying to reconcile their less safe perception of reality with reality by making reality less safe . 
  leftists are trying to reconcile their more safe perception of reality with reality by making it more safe . 
  rightism and leftism are n't then morally equally legitimate worldview . 
  one is making the world less safe by fighting an imaginary unsafe world , the other is making the world safer , albeit by naivete . 
  i can easily concede that both need to keep each other in check , but i 'll also be adamant that rightists need to acknowledge they are not only on the wrong side of history ( as agreed by the author ) , but that they are also actively fighting against it . 
  either the quality of the the sub went down the drain , or my comment there would be stuck at 0 points i 'm afraid . 
  maybe would should do a competition between my comment on / r/iamverybadass and yours on / r/iamverysmart and see who 's the `` winner '' . 
  who do you mean ? 
  of course i do . 
  all the macron fanboys disappointed their messiah is an opportunist that will sell them out like every other liberal . 
  just like countless left-winger warned them , but they did n't want to listen to us vile leftists spreading lies about this totally reasonable centrist . 
  like i said , laughing my ass off . 
  haha , that would be a fun mix !, 
  i did n't want to elaborate at the moment given how heated it was and to not give ammo for ad hominem to assholes . 
  i 'm asexual and genderqueer . 
  soon to be third language in the world you mean ? 
  lmao the salt in this thread . 
  he voted for every treaty until the 2005 constitution . 
  he has a long track record of being in favor of the eu construction , and then looking back at the result , acknowledging we might have done some things wrong and we need some change . 
  the eu is n't a one way street . 
  we need to be able to reevaluate and admit our mistakes . 
  refusing to do so is the suicidal path . 
  what do n't you understand in his explanations ? 
  the idea that no eu = we get at war between each others or that the eu is the only reason there is no war in eastern europe is stupid . 
  we fight among each others within the current eu just fine , and we 'll be no worse if the eu happens to disappear . 
  edit : if the eu is the only thing preventing us from tearing each others apart , we do n't deserve it . 
  he , i see your struggle with english but i get what you mean to say . 
  just like religions it will improve with time haha  but yeah , as non-religious people , religion can seem pointless if everyone can cherry-pick what they want . 
  i agree that they 're unnecessary , but i ca n't force everyone to dis them , so we 're stuck having to minimize their harm . 
  i hope people read the article and do n't stop at the clickbait title . 
  he does n't want to redraw the borders of europe . 
  his position is that we need to balance two fundamental principles : the right of people for auto-determination , and the intangibility of frontiers . 
  in that optic , a conference where we talk does n't mean we automatically agree to any and every demand . 
  to give an idea of how he does n't see thing in black and white , he stated that while he thinks it was historically a mistake to make crimea ukrainian instead of russian at the fall of the ussr , he disapproves of russia invading and appropriating it . 
  yet , today crimea is legally ukrainian according to international right , but de facto russian . 
  the least we can do , he says , is acknowledge this discrepancy and correct it . 
  either through war or through international talks . 
  he does n't want war . 
  in a fiction-future exercise , he imagined a dialogue between france/eu and putin that could go like that ( it was during a tv show , pardon the lack of formality ) : - f/eu : `` what is your problem ? 
  we ca n't accept that with crimea , a chunk of europe changes country just like that . 
  so , we 'd like a referendum under international scrutiny so crimean people can decide which country they want to be part of . '', 
  - p : `` you 're nice and all , but you 're constantly moving nato 's border toward my country , so would you promise to remove your missile batteries in poland ? '', 
  - f/eu : `` okay , but you then remove yours '' - p : `` alright . 
  and this country must not join nato . '', 
  - f/eu : `` alright ( we already promised before ) . 
  ukraine wo n't be in nato . 
  countries who have borders with russia wo n't join nato . 
  we establish a peace zone . '', 
  like i said , fiction . 
  but at least it 's a realistic scenario , establishing a buffer zone between russia and the nato-backed eu where be both agree not to interfere . 
  that 's how the ukrainian crisis got started after all , with eu-ukraine talks/agreements . 
  the other path is escalating in arming ourselves and threatening putin , but m\u00e9lenchon says he believes that putin does n't mind that at all and is n't impressed , but that everyone , including putin , would rather a peaceful solution . 
  honestly , sucks for ukrainian to be stuck in the middle and being limited in their ability to benefit from eu influence , but i bet they 'd rather that than being a warzone . 
  edit : [ the segment in the french tv show ] ( https://youtu.be/zxkp5lowp74?t=10m28s ) . 
  disclaimer : i 'm not religious myself . 
  that being said , religious people have free will , they do n't follow blindly their sacred books . 
  sacred books are a source of constant dispute and conflicting interpretation . 
  religious structures often revisit their interpretation of the books as time goes by and society evolves in order to stay relevant . 
  christianity and judaism are n't very progressive when it comes to lgbt matters either , but they 're evolving . 
  islam is doing it 's part , with a bunch on countries and sects resisting fiercely . 
  in a few decades , as long as we pressure them , every religion will support lgbt equality regardless of what 's in their books . 
  they disregarded the backward bits about stoning your adulterous wife , they 'll disregard bits about men lying with men as well . 
  i certainly do , and i do think that progressive islamic ( \u2260 islamist ) institutions need more support . 
  my problem is people attacking muslims as an homogeneous group , people describing islam as being inherently a death cult , and anti-religeous people that happen to always remind you that `` but islam is the worst '' . 
  i am of no faith , i hope all religions disappear , i 'll denounce the terrible things they enable equally ( myanmar buddhists engaging in muslim genocide anyone ? 
  ) , i 'll point out that every religion has its extremists and its historical occurrences of atrocities like islam has today , i 'll remind that people are working to establish christian or jewish theocracies in `` the western world '' and somewhat succeeding today , but i 'll respect individual peoples faith and judge them on their words and actions instead of the few extremists of their religion and will recognize that no religion is inherently a death cult , not islam more than others . 
  i believe that 's fair and balanced . 
  i hope you 'll give me credit that most people pointing their fingers at islam and muslims in this thread are n't , and are just being a bunch of racist , of the ignorant or dangerous kind . 
  how do you distinguish muslims in order to `` be careful '' about them ? 
  do you have a religious database and ask the religion of everyone you cross path with ? 
  when you get the photo of a terrorist , do you for the appended 3 testimonies that they are in fact muslims . 
  no , you look at their face . 
  are they black or arab-looking ? 
  do they have a beard ? 
  `` better be careful '' . 
  does n't matter that plenty of blacks/arab-looking people are n't muslim at all . 
  does n't matter that plenty of white people are muslims ( hell we 're in a thread about chechnya ) . 
  what matters is n't the religion but who you can designate as enemies to fight against . 
  black and brown people .
