  wing . 
  voters . 
  beat . 
  her . 
  do n't beg for left-wing votes . 
  socialism redistributes wealth . 
  liberalism redistributes poorness . 
  clinton won the popular vote . 
  as far as i remember voting clinton instead of stein or others would n't have made a difference in winning electoral college members , their numbers were lower than the votes needed . 
  not cheating sanders out of the candidacy could have help though . 
  i ca n't , when the liberal banker and his supports are actively and knowingly normalizing le pen , her ideas , and use her as a shield to avoid responsibility . 
  that 's a prime liberal value , responsibility . 
  she is theirs , not mine . 
  i wo n't vote le pen , i 'm just presenting the point of view of people that vote for her . 
  that by closing borders , being more conservative in our trade and reserving jobs to `` native french '' , we will have more jobs . 
  i agree it makes no sense , but it does n't stop people from voting for her . 
  i want a right-wing france to take it 's own responsibility and prove they really do n't want proto-fascism instead of blaming the left-wing minority for it . 
  you insult us as well as french medias negging us for macron votes . 
  your opinion does n't matter . 
  since recently , in france , blank vote are counted separately from null votes and abstention . 
  they 're still not recognized , as in if they get a majority the candidate with the most vote get elected even if they have less than the blank votes , but still . 
  it allows me to say no candidate represents me and that i refuse to give legitimacy to either . 
  le pen and fillon , openly racist , macron supported by a shameful-racist ps . 
  like , people might say themselves are n't racist , but they sure as fuck do n't care if the people that govern them are as long as they get their liberalism fix . 
   you cant fire the old one . 
  be gone with this liberal myth . 
  you can fire anyone in france . 
  3 months notice and severance package . 
  as is normal . 
  you can even put them on forced leave if you want . 
  stop pretending like people are unfireable . 
   countries need to implement right-wing policies in order to not lose voters to right-wing parties . 
  top notch logic . 
  `` oh gee , you just cut my arm !, 
  let me use my remaining hand to wipe the blood off of your shirt ! '', 
  i refuse the cynicism . 
  we could start by not competing against each others in the eu . 
  then , united , have a real talk with china , the us , japan , about upholding standards in order access the market . 
  but let 's not forget about latin america or africa . 
  we want to make business with each others , we can find reasonable compromises instead of the free trade treaties we 're currently pushing . 
  he 's for the cooperation of capitalists though , and the competition of the people , all the while enthralling them with a euro-nationalist sentimentalism to make them forget their actually fighting against each others . 
  you did misunderstand . 
  macron is right-wing . 
  france voted at 70 % for right-wing candidates . 
  there are enough right-wing people to vote for right-wing macron against far-right le pen . 
  do n't beg for left-wing votes you do n't need or blame them for the shit situation you put us in . 
  as for the trump/sanders allusions , i 'm afraid you 're the one not making sense . 
  radical left voters refusing to vote for neither the guy enabling le pen nor le pen are the people enabling le pen . 
  sound logic . 
  i 'm used to liberals shifting guilt and refusing to take responsibility though . 
  you call that an externality no ? 
  taking credit for whatever good and claiming the radical left is responsible for anything bad . 
  top notch . 
  would do business with you . 
  you only need liberalization if you want to better fit in a world of countries competing against each others . 
  we could also cooperate instead . 
  like , that 's what the eu was supposed to be about . 
  so yeah , france can , and with macron probably will , make the plunge toward competition between countries and their workers for the benefit of capitalists and technocrats . 
  it certainly would finally be a more comfortable position for them . 
  or it could remain a beacon of hope for progress and try to convince other countries to follow this path . 
  it would be comfortable too . 
  for workers and the people this time . 
  which is who i favor . 
   they have endorsed macron against le pen . 
  which does n't mean shit after enabling her . 
  you do n't get to play with matches in the forest then blame the firefighter for taking too much time to put out the fire you created . 
  there 's fighting tooth and nails , and there 's refusing to be an alibi . 
  the ps and lr do n't care for a second about her racism and anti-republicanism . 
  they 're openly racist themselves and only bothered she 's getting a seat at the big liberal table instead of letting them alternate peacefully . 
  refusing to be an alibi for liberals and or racists ** is ** fighting tooth and nail , because the day she gets in power we will need people who did n't ally with her real enablers to be a legitimate opposition . 
  we have ~ 2000 billion gdp . 
  we 're plenty rich . 
  from 1980 to today , 10 points of the gdp went from workers to capital . 
  that 's 200 billions a year . 
  that is hoarded by the wealthy . 
  i do n't think we have enough , i know it , and you would to if you bothered instead of wishing you were part of those that hoard that money . 
  she wants isolationist policies , m\u00e9lenchon wanted upward harmonization and internationalism . 
  they have nothing in common apart from being hated by euro-liberals . 
  now i agree with you that some voters mindset is probably `` i want this europe to change or out of it , but i 'd rather do it left-wing style with m\u00e9lenchon , and if i ca n't i do n't care i 'll go the le pen route '' . 
  i 'll cast a blank ballot myself and i 'll translate what i posted earlier in french . 
  there are enough right wing people to elect macron . 
  no need to guilt trip left-wing people that do n't want to vote for him . 
  democracy is also that . 
  if the fn is so terrible that not voting against them is shameful and anti-republican , then we forbid them . 
  otherwise , we let people vote as they wish . 
  a right-wing france put le pen in the second round , a right-wing france will have to be responsible for beating her . 
  you ca n't set the forest on fire then complain when left-wing people do n't want to help you put the fire out . 
  you ca n't insult and libel and make the left-wing worse than le pen all election long then ask for their vote against her . 
  you put her there , she 's your problem . 
  you ca n't blame her getting elected on people not voting for her . 
  honestly , fuck you . 
  manuel valls and the whole ps enables the far-right by normalizing them . 
  fran\u00e7ois fillon and lr enables the far-right by being openly racist and normalizing them . 
  medias enables the far-right by normalizing them for a decade and publishing racist cover after racist cover all the while portraying m\u00e9lenchon as a would-be dictator . 
  meanwhile the radical left fights tooth and nails against the far-right and all those people that enable it . 
  you want to blame someone , blame your boy macron that destroys jobs and make people even poorer pushing them into a le pen isolationist vote instead of blaming m\u00e9lenchon voters that refuse to be the alibi in this charade of people aligned in their desire to shit on people . 
  no , she 's liberal , and her left-wing rhetoric are a sham . 
  she 's nationalist-liberal-capitalist . 
  the bare minimum welfare she supports is discriminatory toward foreign residents . 
  she 's nothing left-wing .
