  what if i do n't like muslims and blacks , that 's my right ! '', 
  attitude that they transfer to `` i hate taxes and the state telling me what to do !, 
  also those unions are just lazy jerks blocking people from going to work ! '' . 
  racists , usually , are economically liberal . 
  implying liberals ca n't be racist or racists are n't usually liberal . 
  i read that in his voice . 
  hollande 's left stance was just that , a stance , to get indecisive left-wing voters to vote for him in the first round . 
  it worked well , and he did n't even try to honor anything . 
  combating tax evasion is only a matter of will . 
  tax fraud investigators are the most productive job in the public service , making the state far more than what they cost , but successive governments have reduced their numbers because ideology . 
  you increase their numbers and pass laws that will chase tax evading people and corporations to the end of the earth and they will have nowhere to hide . 
  liberal centrists fear-mongering and fake moral high ground . 
   de-escalation will only further embolden russia as they only respect strength . 
  how they respond to nato planting missiles at their border being the proof !, 
  a far-right candidate will be bad for non-whites , women , secular people . 
  a `` far-left '' candidate will be bad for tax evading billionaires and corporations . 
  totally the same thing , right ? 
  `` maybe if i throw scary words around something will stick ! '', 
  wish it would have spent more time on each top four instead of being a `` anything but le pen '' piece ( and i hate her , i just dislike this approach to the election ) , but i guess given the show and the density of the subject it 's okay . 
  `` institut montaigne '' is a liberal think tank that spends its year lamenting how much money we spend , its not a neutral source and journalists should know better . 
  you 're either trying to say that if france was more liberal things would be so great there would be no need to fight for or defend workers rights , or that strikes would be outlawed or impossible due to the slave-like condition of workers . 
  lol and yikes . 
  if he does what he promised as well . 
  we 'll get her anyway if he wins . 
  because le pen having anything left-wing and m\u00e9lenchon and le pen being able to find common ground is liberal bullshit that gets repeated to frighten people who base their vote on medias and superficial appraisal . 
  if you go by traditional party logic , you 'd be right . 
  but as we can see , traditional parties are having a hard time . 
  they 're going to lose the presidential election , and people might vote outside the traditional parties in order to avoid the deadlock you mention . 
  a significant portion of lr ( fillon ) express similar interests in liberal economic policies and discriminatory laws as the fn and they 'd have no difficulty forming an alliance of interest . 
  the fn will claim to have a big victory and lr will claim to temper the fn and avoided a catastrophe but voting necessary measures . 
  the socialist party is going to be decimated at the legislative election . 
  the left is going to have to rally behind candidates that have the common support of m\u00e9lenchon 's movement , the greens , various left-wing party and civil society . 
  they 'll doubtfully have a majority but could have a group significant enough to matter . 
  the ps candidates are backed by the party , not hamon , and were mostly mindless bots during hollande 's presidency , with the exception of a few troublemakers that hamon was part of . 
  if le pen is elected , they 'll have their group and all , liberals and troublemakers alike , play the frightened virgin as if the last 5 years did n't happen and they were n't responsible . 
  if m\u00e9lenchon is elected , they 'll probably also have their group but a more significant portion than today will disobey instruction and as a whole m\u00e9lenchon should have a working majority with it 's mps , the ps ones and a few progressive/pragmatic centrist . 
  if macron is elected , they 'll worship him . 
  the big unknown if m\u00e9lenchon is elected , is how much mps can he get and how much can he mobilize civil society to pressure the rest of the mps into not blocking him too much . 
  the comment is a bit all over the place but hopefully it gives some insight . 
  edit : to answer the question not asked , if macron is elected he 'll have the whole support of what remains of socialist mps , he 'll have the centrists that should be a bit more than today but nothing fabulous , and he 'll have most of lr vote if he needs them . 
  the important part is to remember that macron 's whole pitch is that he 's a liberal , but that he 'll sprinkle some welfare so that 's okay . 
  he will definitely have a majority for his liberal policies , but it 's more doubtful for the welfare . 
  he knows that , and will probably be very careful to separate the liberal and welfare policies he wants to pass to not get blocked . 
  you 'll get all the liberalism and none of the welfare or anything left-wing . 
  so imagine what it would be if we were . 
  i do n't envy the us health care , that 's for sure . 
  maybe only in the matter of workers being unionized , germany is much better at that than france . 
  there 's the position and the direction . 
  france is undeniably more socialist in its position compared to most european countries , but is absolutely and unapologetically on a liberal path since 1983 . 
  liberalism working so great since 1983 . 
  right , so my take is instead of giving free money to employers and they do nothing with it , we give free money to workers and see if it 's better . 
  i 'm not liberal , but my understanding is that liberals think individuals know what they want and make better decisions anyway , so surely it ca n't be that bad . 
  you not believing he can do it is one thing , but his opponents program is literally `` free money for employers and hopefully they create jobs . 
  btw that 's what we 've been doing for 40 years yet here we are but this time it 's totally going to work '' , so you tell me how this time it 's going to be different . 
   liberal  welfare pick one . 
  https://media.rtl.fr/online/image/2017/0219/7787325985_capture211.jpg  total earnings : 190 billions  - savings : 13 billions  - `` tax break for employement and competitivity '' and `` responsability pact '' ( free money for employers without any verification on effectiveness ) : 21 billions  - tax evasion : 30 billions  - new taxes ( to up what has been lowered by 30 years of liberals ) : 33 billions  - tax exemptions ( free money incentive that has been evaluated as non-effective by experts ) : 38 billions  - economic boost ( after investment in specific sectors creates job and increase of minimum wage drives consumption ) : 55 billions  total spending : 173 billions  - fight against poverty : 33 billions  - retirement reform : 32 billions  - education , culture , research : 24 billions  - wage : 22 billions  - human services sector ( do n't know for a good translation , that 's jobs like people going from home to home to help elderlies or disabled people ) : 21 billions  - youth : 17 billions  - cooperative contracts and security : 10 billions  - others : 6 billions  - health : 5 billions  - justice : 3 billions, 
  you know how we get the occasional ridiculous story out of north korea and everyone mocks the glorious leader while we 're left wondering if the story is really true or if it 's just believable propaganda ? 
  well now we have the same with the white house . 
  `` why debate in good faith when i can be pedantic '' -- you, 
  yet it 's the prime argument anytime anyone criticizes the eu . 
  `` the eu has been a prime instrument of peace \\* * wink wink nudge nudge * \\* '' . 
  [ '' '' `` left '' '' '' ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/sargon_of_akkad ), 
  [ bhl you say ? 
  ] ( http://www.glamourparis.com/uploads/images/201333/bhlfaitsdestrucs_tumblr_com___4_6544.jpg ), 
  nah , french people just consider their president 's love/sex life as gossip , not a moral hard line . 
  the eurosceptic/pro-european classification is widely unnecessary . 
  appropriate reaction . 
  other discussions :  kotakuinaction  badphilosophy  socialjusticeinaction  conservative  gendercritical  sargonofakkad  / r/physical _ removal  libertarian  * edit because someone liked this essay so much they had to share it in 6 more subs : *  european_new_right  antiglobalism  altrightchristian  alternative_right  new_right  rightist -  in order to regain credibility , the left needs to recover a strong , coherent and reasonable liberalism . 
  the '' '' `` left '' '' '' . 
  increase eu institutions accountability to its citizen , increase citizens involvement in the eu institutions so they feel they have a handle on them . 
  simple measure : vote for eu-wide lists in european elections rather than national lists . 
  the leader of the top list in the leading coalition becomes the commission president . 
  it makes parties of europe unite and converge more , and people try to both understand other countries politics more and who the list leaders are . 
  knowing your neighbors and representatives is important in feeling less like the power is taken from you . 
  other simple measure : if 10 % eu citizens sign a petition , a eu-wide referendum is held to censor the eu commission . 
  numbers and intricacies debatable so its a fair process , you get the gist . 
  that means the eu commission and other institutions will have to communicate more directly to citizens , and they 'll have to be more careful about the sentiment that they 're screwing citizens over . 
  if taking place , such a referendum would be a formidable occasion to debate what is wrong , what adjustment we need to make , and if eu citizens do agree to change the direction or are satisfied with how things are handled . 
  i can guarantee you that people signing the referendum but losing will get much more involved on a national level to make sure their country puts pressure , so win-win . 
  i could continue but you get the idea . 
  the problem is not that the eu does n't communicate well and that people who dislike the current eu are dumb or uninformed . 
  the eu is n't simple , and if there is a problem it 's its responsibility to address it honestly instead of blaming citizens . 
  i mean , to me left-wing liberal is an oxymoron , but if your personal political scale separates both then consider it does encompass both . 
  i 'm saying that you will have a harder time reconciling people to your subjective perception of facts and point of view than making real change that will easily convince people . 
  debatable and does n't make a difference in people 's sentiment , which is what matters when we 're talking about support . 
  take that sentiment at face value and do something to change it instead of telling them what they 're feeling is wrong . 
  i 'm sure you understand the irony of what you 're saying compared to people asking for their country being able to make its own decisions instead of it being dictated by outside powers , i.e. 
  the eu . 
  hmmm yeah , it 's well known people shift blame to the benevolent imf instead of their own government . 
  if by that you mean we need to distinguish pro-eu and `` good for eu citizens '' , i agree . 
  oh i 'd much rather we adapt and change it , but if we ca n't agree on what it 's supposed to do anymore i would prefer a concerted peaceful dismantlement than countries leaving one by one on bad terms . 
  and social prosperity . 
  like , idgaf about being a global power if it means domestic poverty and inequality . 
  i think it would have . 
  but lets say you 're right . 
  it does n't mean changing radically the eu today would lead to war . 
  it does n't even mean softly dismantling the eu today would lead to war . 
  what could lead to war is pretending the eu works fine and letting resentment between countries grow , until one blows up , elects angry nationalists and points its weapons around . 
  and saying it 's because of the eu instead of just being tired of wars after two world wars and being a very different society is wishful thinking . 
  i could even be cheeky and say that we 've steered away from armed war but the eu institutionalized economic war between it 's countries , and today a few winners are gaining political hold on the losers without having to invade .
