  if you hate immigration and immigrants , get your priorities straight . 
  you ca n't support politicians who provoke immigration and denounce immigration at the same time . 
  that 's why i included  following the negotiations interruption the ecb interpreted the referendum as interruption in negotiation so it did n't extend the ela . 
  they could just as realistically interpreted it as another step in the negotiations and continue extending the ela . 
  i know the logic as to why they forced the banks to close , but it was a political decision no matter how you put it . 
  there are , they just lead to the massive wall that is the constitutionally right-wing eu . 
  being confronted to massive political power bent on crushing you is not the same as being confronted to a supposed immutable `` reality '' , at all . 
  it 's attempting to find societal reasons not to do it that bugs me , i totally understand delaying it for political reasons . 
   the fn has successfully campaigned with reactionary visions because a large part of the population feels alienated by the ump . 
  and what did the ump do ? 
  try to cater to the same people by having the same discourse as the fn but passing the fn off as not serious while themselves are serious and can get the job done . 
  their values on immigration and `` identity '' are essentially the same . 
  coincidentally , the socialists did the same toward the ump on the economic terrain . 
  that 's what you get when you try to cater to the regressive portion of your electorate by fear of alienating them instead of standing firm on your values . 
  instead of discouraging extremism , you make them the accepted norm . 
  how does hurting the feelings of conservatives by extending the symbolism of marriage to a group of people and removing their feeling that only they have access to the true bond matter ? 
  how does extending to homosexuals that symbolism and recognizing as a society that they to are worthy of it does nothing for their acceptance ? 
  what you 're saying is the exact same argument we had in france : we can give them the same rights without the symbolism and now is not the time to divide society with such ludicrous questions anyway . 
  two years later , the apocalypse did not come , marriage has not been debased and regressive people are still regressive . 
  symbolism , especially for something as important as the union of two persons who love each other and the millennial institution that is marriage , makes a ton of difference . 
  the banks closed because the ecb cut liquidity following the negotiations interruption for the referendum and it was the only way to delay them from collapsing . 
  varoufakis probably made mistakes , but you ca n't put closing the banks on him . 
  i mean , at this point if the eurogroup blames them for being 2 hours late on voting the trashing of their economy for the next 3 years because they had to vent a little before , they might as well tattoo `` asshole '' on their forehead . 
  `` reality '' is right-wing lingo for `` there is no alternative '' , a.k.a. 
  trying to make people believe that politics is dead and you just have to read numbers on a spreadsheet to know what to do next . 
   [ the greek authorities commit to refrain from any rollback of measures and unilateral changes to the policies and structural reforms that would negatively impact fiscal targets , economic recovery or financial stability , ** as assessed by the institutions ** . 
  ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2015/02/150220-eurogroup-statement-greece/ ) emphasis mine . 
  the troika made him sign an agreement to not pass law affecting budget without consulting them first as a basis for negotiation 6 months ago . 
  effectively , the troika could have demanded this kind of law for 6 month as a sign of good faith from tsipras , and he would have happily agreed , but that would have undermined their argument that he does n't want to reform greece . 
  i 'm a radical leftist . 
  we just do n't have the same definition of what being from the left means . 
  i read in your comment the same appeal to reality and responsibility and modernism as french socialists do . 
  french socialists that are objectively right-wing . 
  i do n't blame people for being right-wing . 
  i think they 're working against the best interest of workers in their country and worldwide , sometimes knowingly , sometimes not , but i do n't blame them . 
  to each their own . 
  but when socialists or social-democrats or labour party insist on being identified on the left of the political spectrum but apply right wing politics , i have no choice but to look to their left . 
  you 're probably too hung up on words . 
  communists and maoist of 2015 are not communist and maoist of 1960 . 
  sure , you 'll find hardcore believers that make the movement seem crazy , but which party does n't have that ? 
  instead of words , focus on ideas . 
  i am against the unlimited accumulation of wealth by any individual , therefore i am anti-capitalist . 
  i believe past a point wealth accumulation should stop and be redistributed . 
  i am against a free and unregulated market , therefore i am anti-liberal . 
  i believe finance and economy should be heavily regulated to limit their destructive and auto-destructive tendencies and force them to focus on real useful economy ( with innovation encouraged in that direction instead of speculation ) . 
  i recognize our planet is the only one we have to sustain human life and that we are actively destroying that ecosystem , therefore i am an ecologist . 
  i believe long term sustainability has to be ingrained in every political decision , fossil fuel and nuclear energy abandoned for renewable energy within a few decades , and that capitalism and liberalism wo n't produce any messiah that will handle this crisis . 
  i believe in the communist intuition that there are common goods we should make sure everyone has access to for free , like water or air , while capitalists have no problem monetizing these two things . 
  i could list a lot more . 
  now all of that is just common sense to me , and are basic tenets upon which we should build our political actions , yet so called socialists will tell me i 'm a gentle fool that should come back to my sense because it 's 2015 and right winger will simply laugh at me . 
  communist , maoist , it 's just heritage , and small fractions of more modern parties anyway . 
  these party believe more or less in the simple things i listed . 
  no totalitarian nightmare or utopia disconnected from reality , like people who call us crazy seem to think . 
  simple ideas . 
  i understand that these ideas seem foolish to a lot of people , but it 's just politics . 
  i believe it 's not only feasible but a good thing to limit wealth and redistribute , others do not . 
  i believe it 's a good thing to heavily regulate finance and economy , others think it will stifle growth and innovation . 
  i believe the ecosystem is changing dangerously , others think we 'll be fine whatever happens . 
  etc , etc ... whatever position that might have scared you is just the political consequences of the basic initial ideas applied to today 's world , not blind ideology . 
  it might seem out of place and make your mind run wild when you 're not used to approaching problems from our perspective , but there 's nothing really extraordinary . 
  just a refusal to abandon very simple ideals because of some supposed modernity that apparently requires us to be terrible cynical people and act the end of history . 
  maybe one day we 'll all see retiring at a relatively young age as something great every country should tend toward instead of shameful profiteering . 
  one day ... 
  i do n't mean it in a cynical way . 
  what i 'm saying is that people criticize things that happen in greece , because they feel their money is at stake , while being apathetic about the same things happening home . 
  just pointing out the double standard . 
  they feel they ca n't do a thing about the same corrupt people being elected again and again in their country , but greece feels like an easy and far away target you can hate without consequences . 
  exactly like some people are assholes over the internet for problems in their own life because they do n't see usernames on their screen as human beings . 
  it 's ok to be upset about greece corruption when you 're not greek , but i feel like it 's not ok to be vindictive about it . 
  i do n't like the expression `` sweeping your own doorstep first '' , but in this case i think it applies . 
  everyone is acting like greece is the most corrupt place ever , but other countries power structures are just as shady , simply smarter about it . 
   a bavarian will never be chancellor why is that ? 
  do n't know much about germany 's internal politics . 
  when the only other options are no deal and mid term economic and social chaos or resigning and having either nd/pasok that will sign or nazis , accepting the deal , owning it , and trying to screw the troika over wherever he can kinda looks like saving . 
  objectively , it is n't though , i agree . 
  i would give so much to know if someone actually know what they 're doing or if it 's a continuous improvisation by all parties . 
  hopefully they contact the administration and register their property so they can pay proper taxes . 
  incidentally , i 'm now really curious to know how foreigners who invest in the country behave fiscally , be it in greece or back home , especially compared to locals . 
  fiscal inspectors usually bring in more money than they cost . 
  especially in countries where there is a lot of fraud . 
  even in france they bring in more than they cost , yet successive government have reduced their number under pretense of reducing the number of civil servants to reduce public spending . 
  pure hypocrisy in favor of the biggest fraudsters , namely employers and medium to big fortunes . 
  is luxembourg going to help ? 
   implying france 's government is left wing or that we 're on socially progressive path thanks for the laugh . 
  the eurogroup already promised talks about debt relief to the previous government when they reached a positive primary surplus . 
  which they did . 
  yet the eurogroup refused to talk about debt relief . 
  that 's why the government fell and tsipras is here today . 
  and the eurogroup talks about trust ... 
  if only they could have been fully honest and demanded a greek expulsion . 
  at least everyone would be somewhat satisfied despite the mess instead of everyone being frustrated and angry . 
   [ the eurozone leaders knew of the imf 's debt analysis before agreeing the third bailout terms for greece , reuters is reporting . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/14/greek-crisis-tsipras-political-backlash-bailout-osborne-uk-live#block-55a5103ae4b0710add7752f4 ) what the fuck are they playing at ? 
  what would it even legislate on ? 
  there 's no way it would overlap with the european parliament ( edit : which , admittedly , does n't legislate on much ... ) . 
  would it only draft and vote on budgets , making national parliament and national political change basically useless ? 
  seems like he had a little rush by having a bit of relevance in playing the good cop on greece and he 's letting his mouth babble again ... 
  which is n't much of a problem , and some might say the beginning of a solution . 
  and it 's a stupid rule either way . 
  no one can force a country to pay it 's debt .
