  being forced to continue with austerity is unreasonable . 
  it 's the other countries problem to deal with the consequences of france stopping it . 
  time to get back to reality instead of living in liberal dreamland . 
  he 's not asking for anyone to pay for it . 
  if anything he wants to reduce everyone 's debts by having a moratorium on how states unduly absorbed private debt because of the 2008 crisis . 
  and what are financial markets going to do , stop investing in the eu or increase interests rate ? 
  they 're not going to do anything because we 're the worlds first economy and they 're happy making money here . 
  so what if it had consequences for other countries anyway . 
  it had consequences for spain , and greece , and italy , and portugal . 
  maybe it 's time it had consequences for germany and the netherlands and denmark . 
  or are these countries above that ? 
  france asking to implement socialist policies only for itself is unreasonable ? 
  every country forbidding france to have socialist policies despite electing a socialist president is reasonable ? 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  replacing your right-wing ( ? ), 
  bias by my left-wing bias :  - far-left ( * anarchism * , communism , democratic socialism ) : left-wing that wants to destroy the current political frame . 
  - left ( socialism , greens ( anti-liberals ) ) : classic left-wing ready to push against the current political frame . 
  - centre-left ( social democracy , greens ( liberals ) , ~ ~ * progressivism * ~ ~ ) : left-wing that wants to work within the current political frame . 
  progressivism is a philosophical term rather than political and everybody could claim it . 
  - centre ( social liberalism ) : oxymoron . 
  liberals trying to limit the social inequalities their system produces . 
  - centre-right ( liberal democracy ) : fully embraces liberalism but tries to remain balanced . 
  - right ( christian democracy , social conservatism , economic liberalism ) : liberal technocracy and democratic conservatism . 
  - far-right ( national conservatism , fascism , nazism , ethnocentrism , ultraconservatism , ultranationalism , populist nationalism , national liberalism , laissez-faire , * libertarianism * ) : flavors of racism and ultra-liberalism . 
  inequalities are celebrated and oppression is a common theme . 
  i recognize that , and i think as such it 's on the left as a stepping stone to the far-left . 
  where does this myth that m\u00e9lenchon wants to impose socialism to everyone comes from . 
  he 's perfectly fine if other countries want to continue their liberalism . 
  he 'll pity their poors , but he has no problem with it , he is n't for intervening in other countries policies like that . 
  he just wants socialism for france . 
  how is that a problem ? 
  why should other countries be able to forbid france to have socialist policies ? 
  that would be intervening and undemocratic . 
   far-left ( communism , socialism , democratic socialism ) you got ta love how screwed up our perception of left and right is and what societies tolerance for different ideas is when good old socialism gets classified as far-left . 
  and if m\u00e9lenchon gets elected , it 's not his fault previous liberal leaders decided to lock liberalism in the treaties to keep people like him out . 
  it 's undemocratic . 
  you would really rather remove plurality in the eu for the sake of legality instead of changing the treaties to allow for plurality ? 
  you 're that undemocratic ? 
   if each national government starts renegotiating to suit their country 's momentary political direction , we 'll be left with no eu in no time . 
  that 's the key of the problem . 
  if the eu institutions ca n't handle a left-wing government ( as proven by greece already ) , it 's not the left-wing government 's fault , it 's the treaties fault . 
  we need treaties that can sustain a plurality of government , not just liberal ones . 
  do n't blame france or socialists for bad treaties . 
   germans would like it very much if france do n't risk the value of german savings on a grand experiment . 
  so why should french accept that germans destroy france 's youth future to protect their savings ? 
  if the choice is between france youth future and germans savings , i 'm not saying we need to choose between one or the other , i 'm saying it 's not normal we have to choose in the first place so we need to find a solution that allows for both : new treaties . 
  his position on migrants : - give papers ( \u2260 citizenship ) to working illegal migrants . 
  they wo n't be able to be exploited and wo n't drive wages down for everyone . 
  - take our responsibility toward legitimate refugees . 
  we 're a 65 millions nation , we handled hundreds of thousands of migrants in the past , we should be able to do our part today . 
  - stop being a border police for the uk , let people who want to take the boat take the boat . 
  - deal with illegal migrants fairly . 
  - deal with the causes of migration : - wars : stop being passive or war-mongering and be aggressive on diplomacy to stop wars . 
  - free-trade treaties : we give developing countries money in exchange for them buying tons of our merchandise . 
  instead , we need to have cooperation treaties that help them build their own industry and agriculture so people can find job there instead of emigrating . 
  - climate change : a lot of the migration is and will even more be due to things like desertification and access to water . 
  if we do n't want people to migrate , we need to help them deal with that problem . 
  why ? 
  because we have the technology and capability . 
  if we do n't help them as fellow humans on the same planet dealing with climate change , we have no ground to complain when they migrate here . 
  because it wo n't be france that sets up the new treaties . 
  it would be a new compromise . 
  like , for example , today 's treaties say we all need neo-liberal policies , france could say no and suggest a new treaty that allow countries that want to do neo-liberal policies to do so and countries that want to do other policies to do so . 
  seems about fair no ? 
  if other countries ca n't fathom the idea that france not implement neo-liberal policies ~ ~ when it would n't impact their owns ~ ~ , what are we even doing in a union ? 
  edit : fuck it , what if france not doing neo-liberal policies impacts others ? 
  why should france restrain itself ? 
  how is neo-liberalism so morally superior to socialism that france would be to blame for violating the treaties ? 
  how about we blame the people who wrote and voted these treaties in the first place ? 
  it 's not like france violating the treaties is the same thing as say , estonia . 
  nothing against estonia . 
  it would n't mean the eu is dead , but it would be a strong warning : `` we 're clearly not on the same page anymore , we need to get around the table and find a new compromise . 
  if we can , long live the eu , if we ca n't , yeah it 's dead and probably a good thing . '', 
  only if you have an exhibitionist streak , i want you to get all that pent up excitement out , do n't restrain yourself . 
  quick everyone pulls their dick out ( or clit or whatever you 've got ) and frig yourself !, 
  uk leaving , scottish and catalan independence push , resentment from southern countries over economic tutelage and eastern countries over migrants , far-right anti-eu parties on the rise almost everywhere . 
  if not dying , you ca n't say that 's the sign of success , peace , hope , solidarity , cooperation , progress . 
  germany put its economic ideology inside the lisbon treaties , including the ecb mission and independence . 
  they do n't need more , that 's the point . 
  just pretend to be hands free and claim it 's not their fault when everyone knows it is . 
  treaties change , we would n't have had rome , maastricht or lisbon otherwise . 
  a new treaty is already in the work . 
  it does n't have to be german lead . 
  it does n't have to reproduce a german deadlock . 
  it 's not a fatality . 
  if saying `` france has a voice and you ca n't make the eu against us '' is so problematic it threatens the eu very existence , it 's a sign of failure anyway and needs to be rebuild from the ground up . 
   europe will not survive on a selfish `` me me me '' attitude . 
  what is german intransigence on economic matters toward other eu countries if not `` me me me '' ? 
  they 're the reason the eu is dying , not the unelected m\u00e9lenchon . 
  you understand how tax brackets work , right ? 
  anyway , plenty of rich famous people say they 're not only glad to pay their taxes but would happily pay more . 
   that has no chance of happening . 
  you need to tell that to everyone wanting eastern europe nations joining nato , installing anti-missile batteries , up defense budgets to 2 % or build a european defense . 
  all the while completely antagonizing russia instead of favoring diplomacy . 
  we are on a war path , or at least on the path to a perpetual cold-war-like `` state of war '' . 
   what do you think france leaving the eu will do ? 
  i think merkel is intelligent and understand german hegemony in the eu is finished . 
  m\u00e9lenchon said plenty of times he does n't blame her , that she 's pragmatic and took advantage . 
  she 'll understand the eu needs to get back to a more balanced position and that it will mean germany backing off on a few subjects . 
  that 's the cost of continuing the eu construction , just like southern countries suffering have been the cost of not imploding in the past years .
