  not unproductive . 
  a crucial company connecting marseille to corsica . 
  a profitable shipyard . 
  strategic french interests . 
  but the eu would rather they die or be sold . 
  it 's not normal that france helping them is outright forbidden . 
  french people elected these people , they should accept if we pay to save companies . 
  they 're the most easy comparison . 
  there could be other comparisons , but this one is n't wrong either . 
  there sure are a lot of people here that are bothered by that nazi comparison . 
  i did n't say anything about you being racist , just that calling me a gatekeeper was uncalled for given the context . 
  i do get to call out people whose first instinct in this thread is point out the perpetrators are muslims . 
  you want to criticize islam and any other religion ? 
  fine by me , i hate religions . 
  but if the first thing you think of when you read an article about gay people being put in camps and killed is how you 're going to make an edgy comment about muslims ( not islam as an oppressive patriarchal structure that needs to evolve or disappear , no , `` muslims '' ) being barbaric , yeah you can bet i 'm going say you care more about sticking it up to muslims than defending gay people . 
  get you priorities straight ( ha !, 
  ) , and learn that there is such a thing as progressive criticism of islam that does n't stigmatizes practitioners . 
  but it does n't , like , reminisces you of nazi method and ideology ? 
  no war was won through bombing alone . 
  thanks for pointing out i forgot that last word . 
  are you seriously defending nazis on the basis that other people did the same ? 
  controversial , negative karma . 
  / r/europe so left-wing and a progressive bastion . 
  i wonder why could have caused me to associate people rounding up a group they are prejudiced against into camps to torture and kill them with nazism . 
  that clearly has nothing to with one another . 
  then go donate to one . 
  waiting for the receipt and everything . 
  oh , right , calling out racists for pretending to support gay people only when it serves their interest is totally gatekeeping . 
  i 'm sure lgbt people love that company . 
  not that there are plenty of threads on / r/lgbt or / r/ainbow that tell racists to fuck off for being hypocrites , like after the orlando night club shooting . 
  you ca n't recall the silence racist have about lgbt issues when they ca n't weaponize it in a racist way ? 
  that 's the rest of the time . 
  you ca n't see them because they do n't care , it goes against their white natalist worldview . 
  and yet we bailed out capitalists in 2008 without any problem . 
  why the double standard ? 
  france was fined for helping specific companies financially instead of letting them die or being bought by foreign interest , for example . 
  it went against eu free-market . 
  eu free-market was seen as more important than france 's economy and job . 
   that 's a very complicated issue which m\u00e9lenchon has n't answered either as far as i know . 
  like mentioned earlier , yes he has , it 's the un position , a global coalition with russia and the us sitting at the same table agreeing to a common objective , even if temporary and they get back to playing chess later . 
  what bothers me with what you 're saying is that you 're outright dismissing the sensible solution , favored by m\u00e9lenchon and backed by the un , simply because you see it as unrealistic . 
  that 's not the issue . 
  there are two things : what should we do , and what are we doing right now . 
  just because `` right now '' it 's more realistic to bomb and scheme does n't mean we ca n't agree that getting around a table would be better and working toward that goal would benefit everyone . 
  the two are n't incompatible , they 're just different timeframes . 
  yet , history matters . 
  that 's why germany recognizes it 's role in nazi horror . 
  that 's why turkey is asked to recognize the armenian genocide . 
  it 's not about guilt , it 's about a common recognition of history so we can get past it and forge new bonds . 
  technically , yes . 
  in practice , the eu treaties have liberalism written in them , not socialism . 
  and hardly any country is anti-liberal . 
  that 's the problem , the appearance of being fair when in fact the game is rigged in your favor . 
   you can majorly impact a conflict without putting boots on the ground . 
  i agree , but under whose directive ? 
  russia and the us playing chess ? 
  what do syrians have to say in the matter ? 
  like , why ca n't we form a coalition that focuses on eradicating isis in syria and dividing the won territories among assad/rebel groups , then focus on assad/rebels peace after that ? 
  who benefits from letting isis have so much leeway ? 
  can we follow that thread and see were it leads ? 
  these are questions that need answering before shouting `` lets bomb the place '' . 
  you have it backward , it gives every country the right to oppose socialist policies . 
  i 'm not saying it 's easy , but that 's still the most sensible position . 
  no war was won through bombing alone ( edit : well one was ended with two bombs , ask japan ) . 
  if we bomb , what is our objective ? 
  if we want to end the conflict , when are we sending troops ? 
  i agree . 
  since the beginning he says we need a global coalition ( instead of nato/russia playing chess ) , put assad , rebel groups ( not isis , they 're terrorist and do n't get a seat ) , local actors around the table , and find a way to end the conflict , most likely through elections . 
  utopist and naive ? 
  you tell me , that 's the position the un adopted late last year . 
  hey nazi apologists , is it okay to talk about nazis now or do we need to wait until a few thousands have died ? 
  talking about nazis wo n't devalues the word 's meaning , huh ? 
  edit : wow , a few people making good points , but so much telling me i 'm wrong on behalf on nazis , so brave . 
  edit 2 : i 'm sorry for the shitshow mods , kinda . 
  but i 'm laughing my ass off , hahaha . 
  what if free market hurts one of these countries , what do we do ? 
  what if easing up on free market would help that country without damaging the others ? 
  we can do that , ca n't we , it 's the reasonable thing to do ? 
  i 'm not asking for the whole eu to became `` far-left '' , not that m\u00e9lenchon is far-left anyway , he 's just a historical socialist . 
  i 'm asking other countries to simply accept that france could elect a socialist , and let him implement socialist policies at a domestic level . 
  that means in instances where eu treaties forbid implementing socialist policies at a domestic level , changing the treaties . 
  i 'm asking more political freedom for everyone . 
  should make consensus , no ? 
  no , there was the possibility to enforce them , but it still required political will to do it and point the finger in the right direction . 
  just like because you have a police force does n't mean there is n't crime , you still need to tell it what to do and were to go . 
  except the treaties removed that police force entirely , and now we 're complaining that criminals are n't playing nice . 
  i mean , what we 're talking about here is essentially what should legitimately be under eu directive and changing it requires majority/consensus , and what should be a domestic issue that does n't require external approval . 
  the point of contention , the reason m\u00e9lenchon is painted as anti-eu , is that he believes economic liberalism should n't be sacralized by the treaties , while other countries seem fine with it . 
  what he 's asking is to put back economic policies into the domestic domain , put it back into people 's democratic reach . 
  so , the disobedience problem becomes : is what m\u00e9lenchon is asking reasonable . 
  like , even if you 're a liberal , do you believe it 's normal that if a country elects a socialist , that country ca n't have socialist policies because it 's forbidden at the eu level . 
  it 's a real serious question . 
  if other countries want to disobey as well , they better do it over serious matters and nothing frivolous . 
  nobody seems to want to disobey anyway so i 'm not sure it 's in question . 
  if it were to happen , it would test the eu 's ability to resolve conflict , and i 'm honestly not so attached to it that i would n't let it die if it was n't able to deal with the situation . 
  you want to pretend to be some world class union , you better be solid . 
  you ca n't handle internal disagreement without disintegrating ? 
  maybe you were n't meant to be , try again on a more solid / flexible framework . 
  we can order control of capital movement . 
  it 's just the eu that forbids it because free-market and all , but putting it back in place in case we leave is in m\u00e9lenchon 's plan .
