  we 're in a situation where would m\u00e9lenchon be elected , he would need the agreement of 27 other countries to not implement austerity policies in france . 
  it 's utterly insane . 
  civil disobedience in the face of laws you deem illegitimate is a thing , think of m\u00e9lenchon disobedience as the same thing at the eu level . 
  that 's how laws get changed . 
  by people who challenge their legitimacy in court and public opinion agreeing that current laws are n't adequate and need to be changed . 
  sometimes we can afford to go through the long and boring legal path , and sometimes we need to make waves . 
  this is such a case . 
  appealing to `` following the legal path '' does n't make sense . 
  disobeying while negotiating is a way to say a ) that you deem current rules illegitimate , b ) that you do want to get back into legality so everyone is happy but that we need to work together to find out how and c ) delegitimize the whole framework if you ca n't find a way to resolve the conflict . 
  if your only move is to say `` i 'm not happy , lets change the rules '' , the 27 others will just laugh at you and ignore you . 
  if you disobey , and even move have positive results , it might give other countries ideas to disobey as well . 
  like you said , a legal framework is useless if nobody respects it , so such a situation puts pressure on everyone to either agree the old framework was silly and change it , or harshly punish the transgressor . 
  in any scenario , it clarifies the situation instead of our current mess . 
  treaties with other countries that do n't put economy and free-trade at the forefront . 
  m\u00e9lenchon expressed several times he 'd like some kind of mediterranean union , focused on fair-trade economy that helps southern mediterranean economies grow instead of us exploiting their cheap labor and flooding them with our products , but also great cooperation on cultural , environmental or scientific matters . 
  he also expressed interest in forming an alliance with the brics : brazil , russia , india , china , south africa . 
  i 'm personally not so sure about that one because , well , russia , but it would n't be a military cooperation , just an independent bloc to balance the us , so who knows . 
  in any case , it 's not like quitting the eu ( worst case scenario if other countries do n't want to ease up on austerity , i hope they 're reasonable ) means we would stop trading with other countries . 
  our economies are inevitable linked , just the brexit mess shows how complicated it would be to sever ties . 
  we 'd find other countries that want trade agreements that favor environmental , social and fiscal upward harmonization instead of free-trade and competition toward the bottom . 
  suggesting such things will be a novel idea and i 'm sure everyone will quickly see the benefits and we 'll all be surprised by the interest it garners . 
   it may seem more efficient per euro/dollar to you the consumer but is it more efficient per euro/dollar for the economy ? 
  gee , what was i thinking bothering with people 's health , let them die as long as the economy grows !, 
  do you even reread yourself ? 
  or , that it 's a nation that ca n't be shackled . 
  you need to stop treating economic liberalism as gospel and accept it 's just one possible economic approach among others , and that neither is right or wrong , they 're just tools that serve different interests and goals . 
  m\u00e9lenchon wants peace with russia and in europe . 
  he believes that nato is an obstacle to that . 
  leaving nato would benefit peace in europe , is n't that the most important thing regardless of if us leaving nato is what 's putin wants ? 
  if putin says he wants the eu to stay 28 , are we going to expand just to spite him ? 
  or are we going to stay 28 because we 're having a hard time with this number already and need time to stabilize ? 
  stop using him as an antagonizing anchor and think what 's in our interest regardless of his position on the matter . 
  defend nato on the basis that you think it 's our best bet for peace in europe all you want , just drop the `` we must n't do what putin wants '' rhetoric . 
  so what are you denying , that a significant portion of our economy is being siphoned by tax havens such as luxembourg ( thanks juncker ! ), 
  or that we ca n't have strong social policies given that siphoning , or both ? 
  please provide sources that the tax evasion and fraud is marginal in our economy and that the social policies cost far exceed them . 
  hint : you wo n't be able to because it is n't marginal and it could pay for massive policies . 
  disgust is the situation we 're at already . 
  it 's the reason most candidates criticize the eu and have different approaches to deal with it . 
  i hope the eu tries to put sanction too . 
  i dare them . 
  show the world they 're only a neo-liberal construct that does n't support criticism and will never have people 's interests at hearth , that they are n't the peace and cooperation and unity union they pretend to be . 
  breaking news : facts are populists !, 
  i think disobeying the treaties right away is the only way to be taken seriously . 
  eu 's favorite game is to drown you in legalese for years while their policies strangle your country and political strength . 
  only by not playing their game can we get somewhere significant . 
  no , she 's nationalist , but is disguising it as sovereignty . 
  for the left-wing , sovereignty means `` power to the people '' , for her it means `` power to france 's ruling class '' . 
  macron has said everything and its opposite depending on the days weather or from one sentence to the next . 
  i would n't consider anything he says about protectionism anything more than a posture to reassure his left . 
  no need for sexist insults to criticize her terrible program . 
   plus we all know that state runs businesses are extremely inefficient . 
  [ citation needed ] public healthcare in immensely more efficient than the private insurance companies you have in the us . 
  aside from our prices being regulated , we do n't have the massive cost of dividends and advertising to deal with . 
  private companies are the ones being extremely inefficient by putting capitalistic interest above the service they offer . 
   most economists will tell you that the best way to get more money into the economy is to give more spending power to the people in the lower income brackets . 
  exactly what m\u00e9lenchon suggests as opposed to macron and le pen !, 
  that 's what you meant by two candidates lacking the most basic understanding of economics right ? 
  scare-mongering is never a good tactic . 
  it is when only 2 people get to the second round . 
  i 'd much rather have a system where everyone who gets more than 15 % or 20 % gets to the next round , so we eliminate candidates that were n't able to build a dynamic , and then we eliminate one candidate every round until one gets more than 50 % . 
  how about you put on your military outfit and load your riffle if you want to deal with putin that much . 
  do n't underestimate the effect a macron-m\u00e9lenchon debate between rounds could have . 
  in my opinion , that fact that it takes 40 years of failure to get to the point where mainstream candidates are discredited is n't the sign of a functional democracy . 
  so title the article `` left-wing '' instead of `` leftist '' ? 
  constant macron propaganda on this sub , but one person tries to fairly inform about m\u00e9lenchon and we need to call them out , right ? 
  it 's absolutely insane to need 27 other countries approval in order to not apply neo-liberal policies in your own country . 
  m\u00e9lenchon does n't want a frexit , he just leaves the option open if germany & co do n't agree to ease up on austerity ( because fuck having to apply german policies in france , to each country their own ) . 
  he does want to leave nato on the ground that it puts france in a situation of dependency toward the us , who has nothing to do in europe and is only here to provoke tensions with russia . 
  discussing and being firm with russia is only credible if we do n't carry the us baggage with us , otherwise we 're seen as mere lapdogs and putin will only speak with our master . 
  putin is also capitalist , wants to bomb isis , is anti-gay , fine with mixing state and religion , etc ... ideas that are either mainstream or have large support in `` the west '' . 
  should we vilify these agendas just because putin has the same ? 
  what if tomorrow putin says he 's giving back crimea to ukraine , are we going says it 's a sinister plot to take over europe in some way ? 
  or maybe we can think for ourselves and not use putin as a metric for what is right or wrong for us , which is exactly the kind of psychological warfare he loves , yes ? 
  i 'm not an expert about abortion laws across the world , i only know about my own country and the tidbits i hear about others . 
  like i mentioned , in france there legally is 2 visits , the first for a pre-exam and talking about the situation , and the second to get the medication . 
  until last year there was a mandatory delay of 1 week ( i think ) between these visits . 
  the mandatory `` pro-life '' speeches and culpabilization in the us in states where it 's legal sometime pops up . 
  some people in this thread talk about doctors legally refusing based on personal conviction , or doctors/committees that decide if your abortion is legitimate or not before you can go through with it . 
  a lot of hoops that can deter someone despite it being legal , or make an already stressful situation unnecessarily more anguishing . 
  i think it 's great that some health practitioner disobey and cut the bullshit when people know what they want like in your case . 
  a media that hates m\u00e9lenchon editorializing to make it seems like he loves putin does n't make it true . 
  on the syria matter , he already explained himself plenty of times that he believed putin 's approach at the time was the correct one ( bombing isis and especially oil sites/pipelines to cut it 's finances ) , and that since then admitted he was wrong , without giving reason to nato/usa anyway . 
  he said plenty of times he does n't like putin , his politics , his invasion of crimea , etc ... cherry picking from haters is pointless . 
  not `` with russia '' . 
  with the people involved in border disputes . 
  that means russia , ukraine , crimea , and many other countries in the region whose borders were a bit arbitrary at the fall of the ussr and locals might not be happy with . 
  it 's also important to note that `` talking '' does n't mean `` agreeing to change borders '' . 
  it simply means `` there are disputes , what can we do about it ? '', 
  and then discuss like adults instead of escalating toward war . 
  he has the same position has macron . 
   he wants a eu in his way , or he threaten to leave . 
  nah , he just want the eu less the german/merkel way , that 'd be a good first step . 
  while still deeply anti-semite , on the surface the party is more anti-arab / anti-muslims , notions french jews can easily rally behind . 
  implying reproductive rights is an european value ( rewriting history after decades of fighting to get where we are today ) and not a universal value . 
  `` wow tunisia so progressive for barbaric muslims , lets give them cookies '' / s, 
  this is extremely misleading . 
  countries where abortion is legal , in green on the map , often have laws that force people to jump through hoops in order to access that abortion . 
  it 's common to be forced to have multiple visit to the doctor and a mandatory `` deliberation period '' before being able to proceed with the abortion . 
  france only removed the mandatory deliberation period last year , and there is still two mandatory doctor/nurse/clinic visit , the pre-exam and the actual abortion .
