  she 's a liberal nationalist capitalist . 
  once you go beyond appearances , there is nothing left . 
  reality is a matter of perspective . 
  the only valuable information in there is the color scheme used that tells us where the author is on the political scale . 
  i appreciate these megathreads , but they 're always 24h too late . 
  maybe m\u00e9lenchon does n't mention the ldpr in russia because putin is enough to denounce already ? 
  you know , the actual scum in power ? 
  and he does denounces isis as a fascist death cult , as well as qatar or saudi arabia . 
  it 's not like he `` focuses '' on ukraine like you say either . 
  if the topic comes up , he 'll mention it in passing , but he does n't go out of his way to remind everyone even when it 's not what is being discussed . 
  ca n't say the same of his opponents that ca n't have a serious discussion about his policies without trying a character assassination by bringing up made up friendliness with putin or assad . 
  `` at least it 's not le pen :'( '', 
  i 'm hope m\u00e9lenchon wins , and i agree that we 've went too far right and need a good tug to the left ... but cmon you do n't make any sense . 
  i 'll allow you sanders being center right because i believe there can be a decent right wing that does n't want to screw people too much , and sanders is just a regulationist that is n't anti-capitalist or anti-liberal ( or someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  hell , he might be but does n't publicly say it because he knows it 's political suicide in the us ) . 
  but m\u00e9lenchon center-left ? 
  the guy is anti-capitalist and anti-liberal . 
  he is socialist in the historical sense of the word and not the perversion it has become with social-democracy . 
  he advocates for nationalization or requisition of certain companies , requisition of housing whose owners refuse to sublet , and would have a 100 % tax above a threshold if our constitution let him get away with it . 
  he hates the status-quo . 
  call him left-wing , will you , what more do you want ? 
  clinton = le pen ? 
  you 're being generous to le pen . 
  clinton is your traditional right-wing oligarch and she 'll throw you a bone from time to time to keep you happy but she is n't an outright fascist . 
  she 'd rather hypnotize people and run things smoothly from her ivory tower than antagonize and openly dictate her will . 
  now le pen and trump , you can put in the dangerous fascist department that will try to subtly grab any power they can then turn it against the people once they know they have it firmly in hand , yeah . 
   the french election : which candidate should leftists vote for ? 
   fran\u00e7ois asselineau of the popular republican union ( upr )  is m\u00e9lenchon left wing ? 
   left demagoguery  asselineau is by far the only genuine people 's candidate . 
   new world order [ \u00b9 ]  gear\u00f3id \u00d3 colm\u00e1in , aht paris correspondent , is a journalist and political analyst . 
  his work focuses on globalization , geopolitics and class struggle . 
  his articles have been translated into many languages . 
  he is a regular contributor to global research , russia today international , press tv , sputnik radio france , sputnik english , al etijah tv , sahar tv englis , sahar french and has also appeared on al jazeera . 
  he writes in english , irish gaelic and french . 
  literal paid shill . 
  [ 1 ] asselineau is totally not a conspirationist btw . 
  no sir . 
  svoboda is an emanation of neo-nazism that tried to clean itself up . 
  examples everywhere show that such parties remain extremely linked to the ideology they try to distance themselves from . 
  sure , lets be generous and say svoboda is simply fascists having bilateral sympathies with neo-nazis . 
  * preface : this is about the french presidential election this month . 
  jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon is a left-wing candidate , the better placed in polls tied 3rd with conservative fran\u00e7ois fillon , behind far-right marine le pen and center-right emmanuel macron . 
  * there 's a lot of misinformation or deliberate misrepresentation about his position about the eu , so i wanted to make this post as a reference . 
  this is not a post about convincing you , this is about debating real positions instead of imaginary ones . 
  the common image is that he 's going to throw a hissy fit and if he does n't get his way on everything he 'll trigger a frexit . 
  hopefully this corrects the record . 
  this is a direct translation from his program . 
  -- [ the europe of our dreams is dead . 
  ] ( https://laec.fr/chapitre/4/sortir-des-traites-europeens ) the present union is merely a common market and people or subjected to banks and finance dictatorship . 
  how can we stop this nightmare ? 
  we need to leave the european treaties that makes it mandatory for us to implement austerity policies , to abolish state intervention and public investment . 
  all that under the pretext of a debt that everyone knows it ca n't be paid in any country . 
  our independence of action and the sovereignty of our decisions therefor ca n't be abandoned to the ideological obsessions of the european commission anymore , nor to the vainglory of the big governmental coalition of the right and the spd in germany . 
  plan a. 
  suggest a democratic , social and ecologist refoundation of european treaties through renegociation . 
  ** ] ( https://laec.fr/section/51/plan-a-proposer-une-refondation-democratique-sociale-et-ecologique-des-traites-europeens-par-la-renegociation ) the eu is on the path of dislocation . 
  it did n't want to listen to people 's refusal since the 2005 french referendum . 
  leaving the current european treaties imposes itself . 
  it will necessarily be a power struggle , in particular with the german government . 
  we thus suggest a governing strategy in two steps with a plan a and a plan b if plan a fails . 
  plan a is the concerted exit of european treaties through the abandon of existing rules for every country that wishes it , and the negotiation of other rules . 
  plan b is the unilateral exit of france from european treaties in order to suggest other cooperations . 
  the eu , we change it or we leave it . 
  the negotiating mandate for these plans will require prior authorization from the national assembly . 
  the validation of this process will necessarily be through a decision of the french people via referendum . 
  in this european refoundation , we notably want to : - end the european central bank independence , modify its missions and statuses , authorize the repurchase of public debt directly from states , forbid the ecb to cut liquidity to a member state . 
  without waiting , the bank of france will be put to the service of these objectives . 
  - devaluate the euro to go back to parity with the dollar . 
  - settle finance 's hash , prohibit toxic financial instruments , tax financial transactions , control capital movement to prevent speculative attacks . 
  - organize a european conference on sovereign debt leading to moratoriums , a reduction of interest rates , rescheduling and partial annulment . 
  - stop the liberalization of public services ( rails , energy , telecoms ... ) - set up a solidary protectionism : stop the free circulation of capital and merchandises between the eu and third party countries , stop the free-trade policies that ruins the economy of developing countries and destructs the european industry , authorize state assistance for strategic sectors . 
  - end dumping within the eu via a quick and strong-willed policy of upward social and fiscal harmonization throughout the eu , with a non-regression clause for social rights . 
  - refound the common agricultural policy to guaranty alimentary self-sufficiency , relocalization , and ecologic and non-industrial agriculture . 
  - abandon the carbon market and pursue a genuine reduction of emissions of greenhouse gas policy with imperative convergence criteria . 
  in case of agreement , the result of the negotiation will be subjected to a referendum with french people who will sovereignly decide it 's participation to a refounded european union or an exit . 
  apply a `` b plan '' in case of a failure of negotiations . 
  ** ] ( https://laec.fr/section/52/appliquer-un-plan-b-en-cas-d-echec-des-negociations ) we offer to achieve the following measures : - stop france 's contribution to the european union budget ( 22 billion euros per year , including 7 billion euros of net contribution ) . 
  - requisition of the bank of france to gain back control of credit policy and banking regulation , and to consider an alternative monetary system with the partners who during phase a would have expressed interest in transforming the euro in a common currency instead of unique . 
  - put in place border capital and merchandise control to prevent fiscal evasion of the wealthier and big companies , and to protect ourselves against speculative attacks and social , fiscal and ecologic dumping . 
  - build new cooperations with states that wish it in matters of culture , education , science , etc ... 
  i do n't think there is such a thing as `` european values '' . 
  if it could be defined , it 's for historians and sociologists to do so . 
  i 'm guessing there would n't be much unique values to distinguish us from other regions of the world , especially when we colonized and influenced pretty much all of it . 
  beyond objective shared values that could be found by historian and sociologist , everyone has subjective `` european values '' corresponding to a mix of what their education taught them and what they wish europe was . 
  value is a strong word , it implies a strong moral imperative to enforce it . 
  european values means that this strong moral imperative to enforce them is shared by so many people . 
  you can pretty much treat the answers in this thread as a mix of internalized propaganda and wishlist . 
  i 'd be for compulsory voting if blank votes ( \u2260 invalid votes ) were both counted ** and ** taken into account . 
  meaning if blank votes arrived in a leading position , the election would be considered void . 
  it would force the candidates to sincerely ask themselves what went wrong and rethink why they were all rejected , before organizing new elections . 
  rinse and repeat as necessary . 
  since recently in france , blank votes are n't discarded anymore but are counted , so we have official numbers . 
  they 're not yet taken into account though . 
  i would love for a way to officially say `` no , i do n't want to see any of these people/programs '' . 
  i feel like compulsory voting without a real way to say you 're not interested in what the candidates have to offer just leads people to vote for the most consensual and that is n't a good thing for democracy at all . 
  it internationalize capitalism yeah , very little social progress , which is what i 'd rather it did . 
  i 'm downvoting because telling me `` just go challenge your opinion on other subs '' is not answering the question i asked , not because it 's not the answer i want . 
  i do enough of reading different opinions and debating as it is . 
  i know the benefits and limit of it . 
  i do n't need a dozen answer here telling me i 'm looking for an echo chamber when 1 ) that 's a misunderstanding of my question and not what i 'm looking for , 2 ) it 's really super patronizing , and 3 ) i deal with different opinions just fine .
