  if she thinks ordo-liberalism is a hill to die on and worth destroying the eu , then yeah we 'll leave . 
  the `` future of europe '' will mean countries getting back economic autonomy , ability to invest and boost their economy and cooperate with their european partners instead of compete on a purely trade-focused perspective . 
  cooperate instead of compete . 
  that 's the `` future of europe '' if we have a left-wing frexit . 
  he will hurt the liberal eu yes . 
  whether that and is geopolitical approach to eastern-europe/russia is a good or bad thing is a matter of personal appreciation or yet to see . 
  to me , war with russia and perpetual austerity is n't an appealing `` future of europe '' . 
   it also feels like they do n't know melenchon 's position with regards to europe . 
  i keep seeing this critic on public figures who support m\u00e9lenchon . 
  is it so hard to fathom your own view is also partisan and biased , and theirs is well informed , draws different conclusions from yours , and approves or at least thinks it 's no big deal ? 
  stop making out your political opponents as stupid or ignorant and combat them as the sensible people they are that simply follow a different logic . 
  macron having married his milf teacher is a non-story , yet this sub loves it . 
  the way this sub downvotes anything negative on macron and positive on others does tell a story . 
  successful people having convictions besides wanting to hide their money and live lavish lives . 
  hmmm , how radical . 
   the first is that m\u00e9lenchon underperformed the polls in 2012 and may do so again . 
  i keep seeing this but it does n't make any sense , the situation is the complete opposite from 2012 . 
  people steered away from m\u00e9lenchon to secure hollande in the second round . 
  this time people will probably steer away from hamon to try and secure m\u00e9lenchon in the second round . 
  secondly , i think it takes the wrong approach to a le pen presidency in 2022 . 
  people are n't stupid enough to blame the lack of action due to cohabitation on the president . 
  it will all depend on the president and mps ability to compromise . 
  macron would have absolutely no problem securing a majority for his liberal policies . 
  m\u00e9lenchon would have a harder time depending on the number of seats he could win , but he 's a pragmatic and intelligent negotiator that could shape consensual policies even if finding common ground would take time and there would surely be a slow start . 
  what 's important is how people react depending on if macron and m\u00e9lenchon succeed or fail to deliver and why they failed . 
  if they fail due to their own obtuseness , yes they 'll be punished and le pen could win . 
  if they fail due to partisan sabotage , they could yet secure a second term and french people giving them the majority they need . 
  if they do deliver on their promises is what 's important . 
  we know what macron delivering looks like , we 've had it for 5 years and it will be the same but more intense . 
  it wo n't have a different result , and le pen will absolutely win in 2022 . 
  if m\u00e9lenchon succeeds is the unknown . 
  either it 's the apocalypse his critics describe and le pen does win , or his plan does work and the fn will be wiped for decades . 
  foreign outlooks that feel the need to publish something for the sake of publishing are so simplistic . 
  i hate that coming from non-french people in this sub . 
  aside from being a conspiracy theorist magnet , the name does reminisces a history of old money tentacular family whose sole interest is making more money and not in an altruistic kind of way , so when someone was an investment banker for them and then say they want to be president of france there 's that not unwarranted suspicion that they 're going to screw a whole country over . 
  it 's kinda a sad state of the eu when a country as big as france needs to get out if it wants to implement social policies instead of austerity . 
  not that i believe we 'd get out , merkel is smart and pragmatic enough to know she could n't walk over m\u00e9lenchon like sarkozy and hollande let themselves step on and would have to compromise , but still it paints a sad picture . 
  maybe your perception of these people is wrong then . 
  meh , his image is said to be authoritarian , but basically he just wants to unapologetically use the full force of the law to guarantee your liberties , so the positioning is correct . 
  it 's correct though . 
  edit : though to be honest the only corrections i 'd do is put le pen slightly top right of fillon and macron halfway down . 
  edit 2 : my political reasoning as a m\u00e9lenchon voter : - m\u00e9lenchon does want to improve liberties , but wants to do so through the power of the state and the law . 
  he 's clearly left-wing but there 's still a large spectrum on revolutionaries to his left . 
  - hamon is your typical centrist with social inclination . 
  - macron is deeply liberal and his supposed left-wing policies are just for show to not lose half the voters of his constructed central image . 
  he wants to weaken the state and give more freedom to people and corporations in a slightly libertarian fashion . 
  - fillon is also deeply liberal , but also very authoritative and believes in authority figures leading the nation . 
  - le pen is the same , but would hesitate much less to discriminate , infringe on others liberties and consolidate power in a proto-fascist/fascist way . 
  they do tell some people are obsessed with them . 
  no you 're the fake pool . 
  it was a political questioning . 
  being condescending would be asking what kind of mental gymnastic macron supporters do to justify their candidate . 
  and even then i 'd assume they 're smart enough for mental gymnastic . 
  i did n't call anyone honey . 
  i did n't assume they were stupid and did n't have basic contextualization skill . 
  no need to be condescending . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we need two things : increase wage of workers so they can drive consumption and make employers hire more people to satisfy the demand , and invest in innovative sectors like green energy to create new jobs / reduce unemployment . 
  blocking wages , reducing taxes ( and thus public service , so people will have to buy the service elsewhere anyway and lose money ) and making it easier for employers to fire people is the exact opposite of what we need . 
  `` it wo n't be as bad as they say , we 'll do it better ! '', 
  i 'm told if you repeat `` tax '' three times a night of full moon the ghost of karl marx appears and steals all your money . 
  i do n't know where you 've been getting your economics lessons , but the gdp is paying for my socialist policies , not gdp growth . 
  gdp growth is not a goal inherently worth pursuing . 
  that 's assuming we can only share growth , you 're forgetting the whole cake . 
  growing so that the same people continue to hoard that growth is useless if your goal is fighting poverty and inequalities . 
  france has 2000 billion gdp , with 10 points of gdp going from workers to capital in the last 30 years . 
  the cake is plenty big already , will continue to grow , and we can better share what we have . 
  if you want to increase gdp that much , maybe look at [ consumption ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/gdp_per_capita,_consumption_per_capita_and_price_level_indices ) and increase wages so that people can buy and stimulate the economy , instead of finding new ways of firing them and creating more poors that ca n't buy anything . 
  competitiveness is a race to the bottom . 
  such reforms are unpopular precisely because people understand it 's wrong . 
  stop trying to `` save people from themselves '' . 
  the voter base between lr and the fn is very porous . 
  the economy is doing just fine and leaving workers dirt poor . 
  getting back to a growth rate that will mechanically create employment and trickle down economic are myths we need to get past and learn to reorganize our economy instead . 
  how people can read that and think `` yeah , this macron guy has got his head together , he 's new , honest and his program makes sense , i 'll vote for him . '', 
  is beyond me . 
  i think those models are inspirations . 
  m\u00e9lenchon advocates for unions being more involved in negotiations and companies administration board . 
  today in france , the successive governments in power and the employers union ( and to some extent a few worker unions ) are in sync in terms of values and goals of removing worker rights to allow for flexibility and competitiveness . 
  read ease to fire , less taxes and mechanically public service , and blocked wage . 
  the power struggle is n't balanced at all . 
  i wish it was . 
  people like macron or fillon wo n't improve that balance toward german or nordic models . 
  france had a shitty 5 years under hollande with one law dismantling workers rights after another , and we would rather fight than accept it passively ? 
  the eu does most of it 's trade within itself . 
  some countries buy more , some countries sell more . 
  germany sells more by large margin , making its money thanks to , for example , southern countries ( and eastern workforce ) , but refuses to take responsibility for that trade superiority within the eu and just hoards the money . 
  they could even spend it on renovating ancient german infrastructure or german workforce like they 've timidly started doing , but no , they just hoard the money and blame other countries for not being competitive . 
  seriously . 
  every time macron says something sensible that other candidates have been heavily criticized for saying before ( i.e. 
  m\u00e9lenchon in that case , saying it for years ) , this sub either admits he 's right and forgets the past criticism to other candidates , or acts like macron doomed himself . 
  every time macron says something stupid , this sub either rationalizes it or again acts like he doomed himself . 
  anyway , the guy is always right , and other candidates that have said the same things as him are always wrong . 
  i think being unbiased is a pipe dream . 
  what 's important is not chasing an impossible neutrality , it 's being open and honest about your bias so people know from where you speak . 
  conservatives can watch john olivier because they know he 's liberal , he assumes it instead of trying to hide it in a pursuit for objectivity , and that what he says will go through that prism . 
  people trying hard to appear unbiased most often use it as a tactic , sometimes unconsciously , to pass their very biased opinions as pragmatic when they are nothing but . 
  in case the formulation is n't clear , i mean by that that racists usualy have a `` liberty !, 
  i can do what i want !, 
  do n't tell me what i say is racist !,
