  as long as greece keeps borrowing and paying back , germany actually makes money here . 
  greece is actually giving money to germany 's taxpayer here , not the other way around !, 
  that might explain why germany does n't want this to end , why they do n't want debt restructuring . 
  greece is just a financial investment , and they pressure it for profitability exactly like a hedge fund would pressure any company they bought . 
  it really depends on the form it takes and if indeed greece is being ejected . 
  if it is ejected and the humanitarian aid is some kind of farewell package , greece could , with it 's regained sovereignty , work on not being dependent on the aid and banning it the moment it becomes too bothersome . 
  if greece is somewhat forced to accept austerity measures like the past five years * and * they get a humanitarian package , i read it as a way to subtract greek 's economy from the greek state and put it in the hand of the european technocracy . 
  small and limited to start , but that will inevitably grow and expand in scope as the greek state is crippled by austerity and the `` humanitarian aid '' is the only way to have anything functioning . 
  basically , annexation . 
  i think so as well , and it does n't make it better . 
  that 's literally the european technocracy injecting itself in a european sovereign country 's economy and making it dependent on them . 
  it 's seriously , seriously messed up . 
   that 's just how it works . 
  i do n't get how you keep repeating that . 
  how is it how it works ? 
  is there a rule written somewhere ? 
  is it just how it 's done in your technocratic wonderland ? 
  what is so shocking about discussing without a document ? 
  are you imagining them , all on a copy , making notes , rectifications , comments , etc ... ? 
  they do n't agree on that . 
  what ca n't you accept as normal in taking a step back from documents and talking about their respective political positions , before going back to documents once they understand one another better and can find points to agree on ? 
  i love how they let the situation deteriorate to the point that they need to call the emergency funds to greece `` humanitarian aid '' to make it acceptable to public opinions . 
  i can only imagine them at a table , wondering `` shit , whatever happens , ** we ** ca n't be the one blamed for the social disaster in greece . 
  they need money to help relieve the pressure on the population , but we ca n't give them that until we agree on a proposal . 
  the parliaments wo n't accept anything else ... hey i know !, 
  we could call it humanitarian aid !, 
  that way we can give them money and we spin it in a positive light !, 
  yeah , that 's the solution ! '' . 
  this is shameful . 
  for the people involved and for the european union . 
  it 's also the tone i got from hollande 's talk tonight . 
  the newer proposal was the same thing with slightly different numbers to the same austerity measures , hardly concessions , give the people some credit here ... how is the ball in * their * court ? 
  it 's in everyone courts . 
  this is about finding a way to accommodate the german parliament and the referendum result , you do n't need documents for that . 
  you need people capable to talk seriously about serious issues and willing to find a compromise . 
  with all the talk about how tsipras supposedly made concessions after concessions for the pas five months , if one person is ready to compromise , it 's him and i 'm not sure sch\u00e4uble can say the same . 
  is anything but unconditional surrender compromise ? 
  is it the only thing the eurogroup will accept ? 
  how come we do n't hear any leader saying the eurogroup needs to find a proposal that is acceptable to greeks ? 
  how come they are only speaking about a proposal that is acceptable to them ? 
  greece had a primary surplus in 2014 , which was the condition the eurogroup asked before talking about debt sustainability . 
  when the previous government asked to talk about it , the eurogroup said no . 
  that 's why they lost the elections and syriza was elected . 
  they 've been here for 5 month , give them a little time before accusing them of worsening anything . 
  by delay , i mean give them a 10-15 years periods where they do n't have to pay the debt to allow the economy to grow and become sustainable without the debt pressure . 
  they could be asked a 1 % primary surplus like they had in 2014 instead of the 4 % target . 
  they have a balanced budget , and the current government is ready to keep it balanced if that means a stop to further austerity measures . 
  everyone knows the expiration date of the proposal was just for show to delegitimize the referendum . 
  if tsipras comes to agree to the same proposal today the rest of the ez will sign . 
  where did they said they would ? 
  all i heard was them saying they would have a better negotiating position , and ez leaders repeating that tsipras should make new proposals , like it was the logical thing to do . 
  there are no new proposal . 
  it 's either the austerity the referendum rejected , or the debt sustainability greeks insist on but that others reject . 
  there 's nothing new to discuss except how to accomodate the two , so there 's notheng new to bring . 
  it 's not stalling , it 's focusing on important things instead on wasting another day on a document nobody likes . 
  also it was n't `` for their benefit '' . 
  it 's not some kind of charity . 
  everyone is impatient to put it behind them . 
  greece is thinking about their interest , which is absolutely normal . 
  it would be pretty horrific to sacrifice your country on some kind of abstract european or monetary ideal . 
  it 's the firsts left wing government europe has seen in a long time and their fed up with how things are running in brussels . 
  when they do n't want to conform to how the show is usually smoothly run , of course their manner will irritate some , but it does n't mean their manner are wrong . 
  i 'd rather have that than everyone pretending to be unhappy for a few day before coming to an agreement and pretending to be happy with it . 
  at least we 're going to the heart of the matter here , and `` the other parties involved '' , the regulars of the eu club , are not happy when the institutions shortcomings are exposed . 
  in greece case , it means the debt being handled in such a way that they do n't need the ecb 's money ad vitam aeternam . 
  right now they 're being asked 4 % primary surplus by 2018 and for the next 20 years . 
  that 's money that is n't going to growth and investment and strengthening of the economy . 
  you have to come back beg for money to the ecb every few years because the economy ca n't sustain the debt . 
  it 's not a perspective greece want 's , per the referendum . 
  if you cut some of the debt , delay the payment , reduce the primary surplus target , you allow more money to go into the economy , make it viable , and by the time you have to pay the economy is strong enough to pay for the debt without having to ask money to the ecb . 
  which should be the goal here . 
   [ angela merkel ] said the leaders `` obviously respect the results of the referendum '' but also had a `` shared responsibility '' for the european union . 
  i 'm so sick of this . 
  `` we respect the result of the referendum , but fuck you , time to sign . '', 
  same with news channel saying that everyone is waiting for tsipras to make a `` serious '' proposal , which is an obvious codephrase for `` tsipras is a joke , when is he finally going to beg to sign on serious austerity measures ? '', 
  `` serious '' ca n't be anything but austerity for these people , anything else does n't compute ... 
  what you see as `` stalling for time '' is just not signing on austerity measures without debt sustainability . 
  they 're already in a mess , so running out of money is scary but acceptable when you do n't have much to loose . 
  because they could n't suffer a redditors `` greece government is so incompetent they did n't show up '' circlejerk of course ... seriously , start by assuming these are people who know what they 're doing , even if you do n't like their ideology or do n't understand their strategy and analyze it as nonsense . 
  they showed up because it was a eurogroup meeting and they had things to talk about , obviously ? 
  but like at said , if i had to guess , they heard politicians mantras that they should bring things to the table like it was the logical thing to do , and decided to not give them the satisfaction of either begging them to sign on austerity measures or mocking them for asking for things the ez deems unacceptable . 
  when bringing a document of any kind will only get you condescending comments , you do n't bring any . 
  what is so crazy about speaking without documents when you obviously do n't agree on what should be on them . 
  you do n't need pre-written documents to discuss to feasibility and conditions of debt restructuring . 
  you do n't need it either to discuss how to accommodate both the german parliament and the referendum result . 
  you do n't need documents to discuss tons of things . 
  it 's been proven time and time these propositions are not acceptable by either party , what 's the point of bringing or asking to bring the same stuff if not to let the situation voluntarily deteriorate ? 
  they 're as much a victim here . 
  a victim of the eu technocratic rigidity , not a victim of greece or greeks . 
  they should blame the failing institutions and ally themselves with greece and a lot of other upset country to change them instead of blaming greece . 
  that would be a constructive thing to do in a * union * . 
  cultivating resentment not so much . 
  the eurozone , not europe . 
  if the rest of the ez did n't need an agreement , they would have told greece goodbye a long time ago . 
  can you explain why they should have brought a new proposal ? 
  i know politicians have repeated since sunday night that greece should make new proposals like it 's the most logical thing in the world , but is it ? 
  everyone knows what every side wants . 
  what kind of new proposal can there be except more of the same ? 
  greece brings to the table either a proposal of the kind they already made and it will get shot down or another kind that was rejected by the referendum . 
  are people seriously expecting some kind of new 15 pages document with lists of measures , budget cuts and objectives ?
