  in france , if you 're not a full blown racist or if defend the least bit welfare state , you 're viewed as left-wing . 
  if you dare say maybe we 've got a racism problem in the country , you 're viewed as a leftist . 
  we even have a word for that , `` islamo-leftist '' , used by top politicians and media figures to discredit opposition . 
  we 've got outrageous racists making the round of every tv channel all year long to spout racist things and say it 's impossible to spout it freely anymore . 
  we 've got the same experts saying for 30 years how we need reforms , less taxes , give rich people free money , disassemble worker 's rights , we 've got politicians doing all these things with disastrous results and the same experts saying that 's proof we need to do more of it , etc ... yet people say our medias are left-wing . 
  it 's maddening . 
  leftist economically and wants a macron-le pen second round ? 
  confused is what you are . 
  the only reason she 's not publicly outright against abortion is because it would cause too much outrage . 
  she 's firmly for making access to it harder . 
  i would n't call m\u00e9lenchon a fundamentalist , just someone more clear about his political boundaries . 
  that is no backroom arrangements with liberals . 
  socialist right-wing voters have indeed mostly went toward macron yes . 
  an alliance would center around the legislative election candidates yes , ditching the liberal socialist ones and presenting common ones . 
  once that 's done , and with clear guarantees that hamon wo n't run back to his socialist crutch , i 'm fairly confident m\u00e9lenchon would cede his place as presidential candidate . 
  he 's said several times in the past his person is n't a problem and he 's ready to remove himself as long as the political line is clear and a more appealing candidate steps up , and i believe him . 
  both hamon breaking the party line and simultaneously m\u00e9lenchon ceding his place would make a lot of left-wing voters come back to vote for them . 
  technically anything is feasible , it 's more a matter of will . 
  m\u00e9lenchon voters are behind him because he has been clear in denouncing the socialist party policies for 5 years . 
  hamon won the primaries by being the one that went the further away on the left from holland 's policies . 
  the only thing preventing them allying is the socialist party right-wing . 
  if m\u00e9lenchon allies despite the socialist party right-wing , the voters wo n't follow . 
  if hamon allies by cutting the socialist party right-wing , the party wo n't follow . 
  now in my opinion , the voters are more important than the party , but for hamon it 's understandably a scary though to ditch them . 
  the only way for a * winning * alliance to be made if if hamon wills it . 
  he does n't have the executive authority but he has the moral authority , being the primaries winner . 
  he does n't do it because he knows he will lose the party 's support if he even hints at it , and he 's too afraid of that . 
  it would be his best move to implement his policies as prime minister of m\u00e9lenchon instead of being a socialist fall-man though . 
  her economic policies are n't left-wing , she 's a nationalistic capitalist who has no problem supporting her base with populist promises but throwing them under the bus when it 's convenient . 
  i would put hamon between clinton and sanders and sanders between hamon and m\u00e9lenchon , but agree otherwise . 
  she is n't economically left-wing , she is a nationalistic capitalist . 
  she has no problems reducing the budget and cutting benefits . 
  not banning polling , banning or limiting medias reporting on polling instead of doing it virtually every day . 
  i agree . 
  it shapes opinion by making uncertain or confused people rally the most likely to win between some candidates instead of really thinking about their program . 
  you might be confusing his campaign with his program . 
  he did start his campaign last year . 
  he has n't revealed his program yet . 
  hamon 's problem is that his party and his potential voters are pulling him in two opposite directions . 
  the voters made him the candidate exactly because they did n't like hollande 's policies , but the party wants him to endorse hollande 's legacy . 
  if he tries to please everyone , he 'll make a terrible score , and if he breaks with either he 'll lose the support of the other . 
  honestly , considering the party will blame and ostracize him for the loss anyway as soon as the election is over , his best move if he cared about implementing his policies would be to ditch the party the sooner and ally with m\u00e9lenchon , but he had 5 years to break the ranks so it 's unlikely he does so now . 
  it just blows my mind how he thinks he has a future in the socialist party after the election is over if he does n't cut the right-wing loose . 
  he 'll be done for . 
  i saw your rant about natural rights in the other thread . 
  natural rights are liberal bullshit . 
  rights have no anchor in nature , only in human law . 
  there is only the human law and human right 's subjective recognition into the law . 
  the law says we have public healthcare that covers cost of some medication , service or procedure . 
  what is or is n't covered is a political choice . 
  we have decided as a society that women have a right to not have a biological ability , carrying children to term , be an imperative . 
  in that sense , the right to choose abortion to escape that imperative is meaningless if the access to this right is hindered by things like geography , pressure , or financial status . 
  citizen need equal access to their rights , or they become privileges . 
  as such abortion being covered by public healthcare is indeed a right . 
  le pen fighting to make access to abortion a privilege instead of a right is an attack against women 's right . 
  like when she fights against reproductive rights , real women 's right champion there . 
  / s let 's not pretend she did this to defend women 's right ... 
  nah , probably can , same as horses , as long as you respect traffic laws and do n't disturb traffic . 
  not wanting to support someone who thinks he can implement a left-wing program with right-wing socialist mps is n't ego , it 's common sense . 
   the deal postponed application of the new rules by one year to january 2020 because some countries noted possible negative consequences on competitiveness if changes were too quick . 
  in some limited cases , the new rules will apply from 2022 . 
  translation : `` if we ca n't steal money from you our economy is n't sustainable , wait a bit will you ? '', 
  2020 is way too late , it needs to be done yesterday . 
  also no plan to crack down on ireland and luxembourg as tax havens . 
  meaningless step as always . 
  yeah , that 's more germany 's attitude . 
  i 'd like for them to compromise on the euro central bank independence , or free-trade inscribed in the treaties , or the bullshit 3 % deficit rule . 
  anything really . 
  it 's germany 's inability to compromise that is fostering fascists and anti-eu sentiment across europe . 
  greece weights nothing in the eu economy and other countries were scared to death having them leave . 
  france is the second economy , you do n't say no to them . 
  by that i do n't mean the he can come and make outrageous demands and others will have to agree , but that where greece was bullied for reasonable demands , france 's same reasonable demands wo n't be able to be dismissed . 
  on the eu , his position is that the current treaties favor germany and a few countries to the detriment of others like france , spain , italy , etc ... he acknowledges that merkel 's politics is sensible , she looks out for germans and that 's made easy by successive french presidents that are happy letting her lead alone . 
  he has a plan a and plan b. 
  plan a is to go tell merkel / germany that treaties that only favor a few is not acceptable and we need treaties that favor all . 
  he is fine with compromises as long as it goes two ways , germany has to compromise too . 
  from there two solutions : either a treaty that favors all is possible , aka a fair european union is possible , and so we change treaties , or it is n't , aka a fair european union is n't possible and there is no point is respecting the treaties . 
  that 's plan b , implement the policies he thinks are good for france , even if they are n't allowed by the treaties . 
  he believes merkel is reasonable and will accept to change the treaties so that they benefit all because she does n't want to destroy the eu , but he understands that maybe a treaty that favors all would contain things that go against some of her deep political convictions and she may say `` no '' , so he is prepared to have the same attitude as her : implement policies for his own country even if it upsets other . 
  he does n't want to leave the eu or the euro , because he believes they need to be changed and used to favor better social policies across europe , but if has to chose between his countries growth or the eu/euro survival because other countries do n't want to go in a more social-friendly direction , he will chose his country . 
  the usa is a country of immigrants that slaughtered and replaced the local population , appropriated the land , industrialized slavery , and the violence and high crime rate survives to today . 
  sweden is a rich stable country that marginally suffers from ghettoization of part of it 's population with the same consequences as everywhere it happens . 
  you 're right , not comparable at all . 
  how much bad faith does one need to defend macron these days ? 
  he 's trying to seduce traditionalist christians by telling them they were wrongly humiliated . 
  come back with that empathy defense the day he abandons his massive suggested budget cuts that will impact poor people first , because he shows no empathy toward them and curiously trying to appeal to them with basic decency measures would make him lose all his liberal potential voters . 
  oh no , this article is very much about the fact that he was felating conservatives and caught in the act by progressives . 
  it is n't , but could be an euphemism for felating , which is basically what macron does best to keep his polls numbers up . 
   there is nothing positive about the nazis they made unemployment virtually nonexistent around the globe for a few years and helped science and technology make huge leaps . 
  see how easy it is ? 
  best left to historians . 
  i do n't even know who the simplificating populist is here anyway when you deny people their ability to make choices to claim colonization was unavoidable but is happy to rely on that same ability to make choices to claim nazi germany was avoidable . 
  but hey , we 're in a thread about macron opportunistically contradicting himself , so it 's fitting . 
  [ see my other comment i just made then . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5uya22/emmanuel_macron_loses_lead_in_french_election/ddz4cus/?context=3 ), 
  hey , i 'm all for a balanced perspective and seeing good in terrible situations , but there are things you just ca n't defend , there are hard lines . 
  without hard lines , everything becomes morally grey and ethically dubious things defensible under the right conditions . 
  colonization or nazi germany / hitler are such things . 
  anything that could be framed as `` good '' in these regimes are spoiled by the horrors and best left to discuss by historians and scholars instead of politicians and internet debaters . 
  http://data.consilium.europa.eu/doc/document/st-12966-2016-init/en/pdf  [ ... ] recognising that trade and foreign direct investment will play a significant role in afghanistan 's development and that ** the parties attach particular importance to the principles and rules on international trade contained , inter alia , in the agreement establishing the world trade organisation ( wto ) ** ; [ ... ]  [ ... ] the parties undertake to promote the development and diversification of their commercial exchanges to the highest possible level and to their mutual benefit .
