  he is very much internationalist and bets on merkel 's rationality to further a fairer and more democratic eu , as opposed to le pen 's straightforward and frontiers-creating nationalism . 
  take into consideration that macron is most probably way higher in the polls than were he 'll end up . 
  french , and you 're right . 
  even if hamon 's platform ran against hollande policies , he his tainted by hollande 's and the socialist party legacy and treason and a lot of people do n't want to touch that at all . 
  he 'd have to do a lot to regain trust , not being condescending toward m\u00e9lenchon being the first obvious step . 
  he does n't want to leave the eu . 
  stop the propaganda . 
  i can understand privatization , we just probably have a different idea of what should and should not be privatized . 
  ideally i 'd much rather things be socialized than state owned anyway . 
  - that 's assuming it is n't already a continuous concern , and that the scaling economy is anything significant . 
  state services being massively unoptimized , especially compared to the private sector , is a myth . 
  - so privatization and liberalization . 
  what we 've been essentially doing for 30 years , thought at a smaller pace than you 'd like i 'm sure , and with the terrible results we know . 
  ineffectiveness , increased operating costs , massive dividends , increased cost for the customer that is n't matched with increased salary , etc ... yes things like receiving your mail should be a public service , because communication ( like energy , public health , intercity transportation ) is an essential infrastructure for a country that ca n't be subjected to capitalism ups and downs . 
  - public services are not companies , that 's the point . 
  the goal of a public service should not be profit , it should be spending it 's allocated money the most effectively to fulfill it 's mission . 
  by turning public services into for profit operations like it 's been increasingly the case in france , you depart from the mission and lose overall effectiveness , which leads to loss of trust , and more reasons for liberals to point out `` see it does n't work , we need to privatize even more '' . 
  it 's a known tactic . 
  - what does that even mean ? 
  public employees are n't bots . 
  i fail to see how individual freedom to innovate at their position in the public sector leads to wide-scale economies anyway . 
  leaving the eu or the euro would n't ruin the country , it would give breathing room . 
  hard a year or two before things stabilize and pick up again is what is always told . 
  anyway , m\u00e9lenchon does n't want to leave the eu or the euro . 
  he just leaves the option open , as is absolutely reasonable , if obtaining that breathing room within the eu and euro is n't possible after talking things out with merkel & co. 
  he makes the bet that she is reasonable and will understand that france needs eu policies that favor everyone , not only a few . 
  if merkel ca n't accept eu policies that favor france and germany instead of just germany , what 's the point of the eu anyway ? 
  go on then . 
  give me a way to cut state budget drastically enough to make an impact that does n't foreshadow a social and humanitarian catastrophe . 
  polls are n't gospel . 
  a unified candidature would have more chance of succeeding if hamon came to his senses and realized the socialist party is going to use him as a scapegoat and dumpster him after the election , and he rallied behind m\u00e9lenchon , than if m\u00e9lenchon allied himself with the traitorous den that is the socialist party . 
  [ it is n't vague at all . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austerity ), 
  economic teachings and research in university in france is almost exclusively liberal and orthodox , and reproduces itself ideologically . 
  left wing economics have a few stars but very little place both in teachers spot at university and in medias . 
  i do blame economists who go all over tv claiming misrepresenting their findings that neo-liberalism is a great way to foster capital , which is indeed true , as a general truth of life and that it will provide jobs , equality , fairness , etc ... and i do blame journalists who should know better than letting them claim all that unchallenged , but do for various reasons . 
  `` what worked '' being politically motivated . 
  liberal economic researchers will dismiss some economic theories and policies as invalid because it prevents free trade despite the result being more equality , growth and general happiness . 
  the premises and goals you set are important and do n't come out of thin air , and tint how you judge effectiveness . 
  like i said , there is no truth in economy . 
  it does n't exist . 
  economy is always biased . 
  incidentally , when you try to remove the bias and just do budget handling like if a country was a company , you maintain the status quo , which is neo-liberal . 
  economy ca n't be neutral . 
  `` real economy '' is n't a thing . 
  economy is a tool that you can swing either way for political purpose . 
  there is no truth to it . 
  there 's a reason it 's a social science and not a `` hard science '' like biology or physics . 
  austerity does n't work there 's just so far you can fall before mechanically coming back up and austerity does n't get to take credit for it . 
   if the greeks believe printing money is their salvation then they can do it with their own currency . 
  hahaha , they basically threatened to do that and were bullied into abandoning the plan by juncker , dijsselbloem & co. 
  there are two types of people left in the socialist party : those who rally macron , and those who complain that m\u00e9lenchon does n't want to rally the lonelier and lonelier hamon . 
  yeah i thought about that a few hours after commenting , was n't sure . 
  thanks for correcting me . 
  `` hey guys , our country is war torn , our home destroyed , half our family killed , but be glad because it 's a great opportunity to make an exhausting and potentially deadly trip to a far away country of a totally different culture and language where we will face resentment from a large part of the population !, 
  is n't it wonderful ! '', 
  i 'll never understand racists . 
   endangering those people do n't you dare pretend you 're supporting their well being . 
  waiting for juncker or the other eu technocrat to come down on orban as heavy-handedly for his xenophobic dehumanizing policies as they did on tsipras when he suggested greece might not pay its debt . 
  joking , it 's not going to happen , you can go after people all you want as long as you do n't go after money interests . 
  africa and the middle east is a mess because of colonization and repeated interference and its impact decades later , if it can be argued it ended at all , and you advocate for neo-colonialism ? 
  they have a `` behaviour '' problem ? 
  if africa wants to prosper they need to leave their abusive relationship with western countries that treat them as condescendingly as you do , that 's for sure . 
   why is it countries of europe whom should shoulder failures of 3rd world . 
  as if we have nothing to do in how these countries turned out . 
  they may be lighting themselves on fire , but we handed them the gasoline and matches . 
  i do n't know , according to some here putin wants to invade as far west as france , so we 're concerned i guess . 
  more seriously , it 's nice and all to show unity and strength to deter anyone from turning eastern europe into a war zone again , but survival ca n't be the only thing to live for , people need more . 
  they need both protection , and a sense of what is protected being a bright future , not endless austerity and corruption . 
  raise minimum wage , improve people 's social status and give them something to thrive for , and they 'll be that much more enthusiastic about defending it . 
  an increase of private sector legal minimum wage is generally coupled with an increase of government employees salary calculation . 
  see it as fairness or competitiveness depending on your political leaning . 
  government employees . 
  but with everyone buying more and paying more taxes , i 'm sure it more than even outs . 
   your armed forces would intervene le pen support is above 50 % in the military and police . 
  i would n't count on them if things turn brown . 
  misleading title . 
  this is a `` must countries give humanitarian visas to refugees ? 
  no , it is n't mandatory , but they can . '', 
  not a `` no they ca n't '' . 
  it 's up to each country to decide what is ground for a humanitarian visa , with the exception of confirmed risk of `` torture or other inhuman or degrading treatment '' in which cases countries ca n't deny the humanitarian visa . 
  buy bombs and tanks instead of raising minimum wage , go it . 
  piggybacking with an excerpt for everyone thinking he means we should close doors especially the liberal `` realists '' :  this does n't mean europe should be less committed to taking care of desperate people seeking shelter , he says -- but europeans should be more realistic about the kind of effort it takes to do so . 
  `` it 's easy to be humanitarian if your principle is that the others whom we are helping are good warm guys , friendly , '' he says . 
  `` what if they are not ? 
  my point is that even in that case we should be helping them . ''  `` refugees are the price humanity is paying for the global economy , '' \u017di\u017eek writes , and though he is convinced that the only true solution in the long term is `` a radical economic change that abolishes the conditions that create refugees , '' that does n't solve the immediate emergency . 
  europe 's only option now , he says , is to commit to ensuring a dignified survival to all refugees that reach its shores . 
  [ you call le pen a leftist ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5qjbyh/french_right_has_no_presidential_candidate_if/dczpbo2/ ) , so with that kind of confusion we sure wo n't be able to `` educate the populace '' . 
  i hate the far-right , and saying le pen is a leftist is the kind of statement that makes people think it 's okay to vote for them , so maybe start with your own language before blaming people for their vote . 
  it 's refreshing to see people on this sub not equating migrants with an homogeneous barbaric horde , but as people like any other . 
  thank you . 
  i do . 
  against whom are we going to defend ourselves then ? 
  to make war against whom ? 
  nah , it 's uncommon . 
  in his mind , he plays the friendly countryside neighbor , sure on the upper class side but as sign of success and benevolence . 
  it does n't seem to occur to him how for most people it makes him look like middle-ages bourgeoisie disconnected with normal people 's woes . 
  he is spouting hot air . 
  edit : saying that not because it 's impossible , but because it 's on the level of trump saying `` drain the swamp '' . 
  you ca n't drain the swamp when you are the swamp .
