  i do n't see what 's outrageous . 
  you 're the one fetishizing a particular day now . 
  your comfort will have to come second to workers collective rights . 
  your rights as a consumer are second to workers right . 
  let me rephrase that second point . 
  we individuals have , as a society and in a lot of countries , decided that having a common day off was a good thing , and the state and its laws are the instruments that enforce it . 
  i do n't believe there are inherent `` collective rights '' , there is nothing natural about deciding we should n't work on a particular day , but i do believe some collective values are more important than individual rights . 
  take murder . 
  as a society , the whole world has decided it 's bad and punishes it . 
  there is no individual right to murder people . 
  except in some countries under very specific conditions . 
  some countries reserve the right to murder to the state , like in the us for example . 
  if you want to work on sunday , you can do so , on your own projects . 
  there is just an interdiction to make people on sunday in a lot of countries . 
  there is no individual right to be paid to work on sundays . 
  you have to remember what you see as an infringement on your rights is a protection for most against being exploited for most of the workforce . 
  we should n't expose most people just because a few want to be paid to work on sunday instead or in addition of other days . 
  what the state has a right to do is decide on how we make society . 
  for a lot of people , it 's a common day off , and for them allowing every employers to open on this day means dismantling what makes us a society as opposed to a sum of individuals . 
  as i said in other comments , students or often used as a trojan horse to deregulate the work force and weaken workers collective bargaining positions . 
  because students are in a vulnerable position , they 're used to justify things that impact the whole workforce negatively . 
  fight for society to allow to buy a car , make trips abroad or pay off debt without forcing everyone to be available on sunday ( because that 's what it is , people who do n't want to work retail on sunday do n't get the job , student or not ) instead of fighting for employers right to open on sunday . 
  jean-jacques urvoas maybe . 
  le drian rallied macron though . 
  otherwise yes , i 'd like for those people to swallow their pride and get behind a program instead of being alibis for a party that does n't want them . 
  i mean , i 'm left-wing , but i wish we had a decent right-wing instead of the openly corrupt and xenophobic mess we have now . 
  that election probably wo n't be enough though , you 're right . 
  we 're more likely to see them intertwine with the fn over time until a new right appears . 
  honestly i 'd like macron to take this place . 
  sure , some jobs require working on sunday . 
  we 're talking about mostly retail here . 
  we do n't need retail on sunday . 
  what do you mean ? 
  some jobs are 24/7 , like police , power plants , you name it . 
  these jobs have a different way of dealing with days off , as is normal . 
  if you meant that on a personal note , nobody is forcing you to spend time with your family or friends every or any sunday , but just because you do n't does n't mean others should n't get the possibility . 
  i hate the money argument . 
  corporations have no problem paying themselves hundreds of thousands billions of euros in compensation and dividends despite the `` economic crisis '' . 
  we have the money . 
  it 's just a matter of being willing to allocate it where it matters . 
  letting them keep the money is just as ideological as making them share , and in the long term absolutely unsustainable . 
  edit : billions euros . 
  i mean you 're making my point . 
  some of your classmates are missing lectures to work . 
  that 's not normal . 
  either they do n't care about the lectures and prefer the money , then that 's their problem , or they actually need the money for study/food and it 's unacceptable as a society they 're in this situation . 
  if students want to work for extra money , we should n't have special derogation for that or use them as scapegoats for opening on sunday . 
  they want extra money , they can work the same days as everyone else . 
  otherwise they 're just used as a trojan by employers to weaken collective bargaining of work conditions for everyone students or not . 
  everyone having some common days off helps build a society . 
  if everyone 's day of in you family/friends is a different day , you get to see each others less because someone is always working . 
  surely you can buy food in advance for monday on the thursday or friday . 
  then you can do so on on monday-saturday i guess . 
  exactly , that 's a problem . 
  students should n't need to work to be able to study . 
  they should be able to focus all their attention on their studies to become the best they can instead of being stressed by how to pay for their studies and food . 
  students have enough work studying and should n't have to worry about holding a job . 
  anything you want to buy on sunday , you could have bough another day . 
  people are n't going to consume more because things are open on sunday . 
  edit : given the replies i 'm getting , people should really use their sunday to read books on the history of workers rights or something instead of complaining about being oppressed . 
  the question is , why are some people willing to work on sunday ? 
  if it 's a lifestyle choice , a specific career choice , a 24/7 job , then yeah why not . 
  if it 's merely to get paid and have enough to live , it 's a problem . 
  if they were paid decently during the work week , people would rather use their weekend for themselves and their friends and family . 
  working on sunday fragments our social life as a society and is a tool to pressure wages down or not finance things like studies because `` students can pay their school by working on sunday '' . 
  `` willing to work on sunday '' is often code word for `` desperate for money so will do anything offered '' . 
  we can do better . 
  edit : given the replies i 'm getting , people should really use their sunday to read books on the history of workers rights or something instead of complaining about being oppressed . 
  yeah . 
  i think it 's great both mainstream parties candidates are weak , hopefully fillon not getting to the second round , so it forces them to change . 
  at the same time , the three outsiders are all very controversial and the love/hate for all three is intense . 
  the next few years will be interesting , and hopefully not too scary . 
  the vote would be more split between the two , but valls would n't have any chance given he represents everything the voter base hates . 
  m\u00e9lenchon would probably be even higher with the ps left-wing hating valls and voting for him . 
  in france too , italian and portuguese immigrants that are now touted as great examples of integration were targets of racist language when they first came . 
  every immigration wave faces this , probably in every country , and then we forget about it and only care about the latest wave . 
  hamon was elected against his own party wishes . 
  seeing all the top executives rally macron or being absolutely non-supportive of the hamon candidacy is clear enough . 
  it is not `` hamon 's party '' , he 's merely its candidate , chosen by a voter base that has different priorities than the party . 
  if macron wins , that is the opposite of what hamon represents inside the ps , the ps will back macron to stay relevant , not die with hamon . 
  if m\u00e9lenchon does n't get to the second round but could have with at least half of hamon 's voters , the resentment against him on the left will make it hard for him to find a place . 
  he 'll be the guy who called for years for m\u00e9lenchon to stop protesting , join the government and be helpful from the inside , but when it mattered most he could n't do it himself and had to go through with his candidacy . 
  that kind of hypocrisy is n't well received . 
  he 'll have a lot of errors to publicly acknowledge and forgiveness to ask . 
  there is a scottish parliament , and an uk parliament with scottish mps . 
  that maybe cemented him , but he was well on his way already after being fished out of nowhere from medias and sold to us as the messiah for 3 years . 
  years of medias telling people this charming and modern unknown guy is the solution to all our problems and people start believing it . 
  the ps voter base and its executives are going in two totally different directions . 
  if valls had been the candidate he 'd have also lost , but they would say it 's because they did n't listen enough to french people and did n't explain well enough their project , i.e. 
  `` it 's the voters fault they 're too stupid to understand they need social-liberalism '' . 
  with hamon , even more so if m\u00e9lenchon is n't elected , they 'll say people have clearly said they do n't want socialism anymore and they need to evolve into the macronesque thing they have been on the path to become for some time . 
  for hamon to stay relevant , either m\u00e9lenchon has to win , or he has to win the next socialist party congress and replace macron-inclined executives with his own , but given how the socialist party left-wing failed to do so for years and they 'll be fresh off a presidential loss i do n't see it happening . 
  the current executives will most probably ostracize hamon and lock the party up . 
   russia seeks the end of western civilization . 
  look , i hate putin ( \u2260 russia ) as much as the next person , but that kind of hyperbole is just stupid and does n't help anyone think . 
  yet comparing predictions over years to real population change helps understand population change and make better predictions . 
  ~ ~ 2/3 ~ ~ of that increase is france . 
  gib monies please . 
  edit : i 'm bad at math . 
  still , gib monies , need to feed the younglings .
