  it has everything to do about race and racism . 
  there 's a surprising ^ / s correlation between anti-islam and white nationalism/supremacism . 
  international islamic terrorism is a matter of historical circumstances , not a matter of religious tenets . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm lgbt myself but could see how it comes off as you say . 
  i 'm not the one that made it about muslims though . 
  my initial point was pointing out the atrocities committed , and a bunch of people went and tell me `` oh no they 're not really nazis , just muslims '' . 
  whether or not gay people were the target , i would have argued with these people . 
  that being said , i must point out that / r/lgbt and / r/ainbow are indeed left-leaning , but that calling them `` a very select bunch of salty , easily-offended , extreme leftists who are more hostile towards conservative gays than what conservatives are to gay people '' does n't particularly make me give more credence to your point . 
  i 'm left-leaning myself . 
  i know that some people vote against their class interests . 
  some factory workers vote for capitalists . 
  some women vote for conservatives that want to control their body . 
  some lgbt people vote for conservatives that want to deny them equality , or dispute the notion of what equality consists of itself . 
  i 'll fight for lgbt rights for ourselves , whatever our political convictions , despite conservative lgbt people working against that . 
  i do n't care if you find it condescending or patronizing . 
  i 'll fight for us , hope you realize your mistake one day , and respect your political stance as a whole otherwise . 
  http://www.advocate.com/religion/2016/12/20/21-lgbt-muslims-who-are-changing-world http://islamandhomosexuality.com/ http://www.mpvusa.org/lgbtqi-resources/ https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/21/gay-lgbt-muslim-countries-middle-east compatibility has nothing to do in here . 
  western europe was an underdeveloped unstable bigoted shithole by today 's standards a hundred years ago . 
  western europe is n't a beacon of progressiveness . 
  people and minorities had to fight like hell to get the recognition they have today , and there 's still work . 
  this is n't about saying `` we 're as bad as them '' , because we 're not , but we certainly have no claim to cultural superiority just because we were lucky enough to colonize and rough up the entire world and take a small lead into being not barbaric . 
  they 'll catch up , eventually . 
  just help them get there instead of holding them back . 
  i think they 're not and know exactly what they 're saying . 
  right back at you . 
  experts say that it is n't islam that radicalizes people to go fight for isis but people already on a radicalization path , often through petty crime , that use islam and isis as an outlet . 
  your problem is n't islam , it 's unemployment and he lack of future prospect that makes people join the nearest death cult . 
  if it was n't isis , it would be something else and you could n't blame islam anymore , so do n't blame it in the first place . 
  calling for `` bash the fash '' being a bannable offense , i 'm sure this will be moderated . 
  anytime now . 
  nah , nazi/fascist apologists always gang up on you when you use either word . 
  `` you ca n't use the word here because it is n't perfectly 100 % absolutely historically accurate , you 're devaluating the meaning of the words , that 's helping real nazis/fascists you vile leftists !!! '', 
  be careful there , using that word fascist , you 're devaluating it 's meaning . 
  be careful there , you 're devaluating the meaning of the word by calling people nazis . 
  wow , never saw that video . 
  so creepy . 
  as long as you 're consistent and disapprove of every other religion in the same manner , i 'll call you ignorant and intolerant instead of racist . 
  there were special forces operative on grounds , and while gaddafi lost , calling the situation a victory is a far reach . 
  anything can be turned into an ideology . 
  there are people who want christian or jewish theocracies . 
  limiting it to islam is what tends to distinguish racists . 
  ( i 'm not saying you are , i do n't know your position on the matter and offering you a chance to clarify . ), 
  so many precautions to say you do n't like `` that muslim problem '' . 
  http://www.maritime-executive.com/article/france-approves-sale-of-stx-france-stake-to-fincantieri the deal is n't outrageous in and of itself , what is is that france ca n't outright take over it because the eu would consider that interference in the free-market and go against the liberalization directives of the commission . 
  that 's another fair comparison yeah . 
  does n't invalidate mine , does it ? 
  why are people so upset about it ? 
  i made the second comment of the thread to be fair . 
  but why are n't people criticizing the title instead of my comparison then ? 
   the greater good [ the greater good . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/0c/25/4d/0c254d5883792d66dc28a27393db45d7.jpg ) the company that linked marseilles and corsica was going bankrupt as far as i know , but given this is about connecting two french territories it 's reasonable to expect france to finance it . 
  transportation is a public services , it does n't have to be profitable , though it needs to be well managed so change was needed . 
  the shipyard was owned by a south korean parent company that did go bankrupt despite the shipyard being profitable in itself . 
  the shipyard is a strategic interest for france as it 's one of the few on the atlantic facade and can build military ships , but it was sold to an italian company . 
  france should have been able to say `` hey , we need that '' . 
  it could n't because forbidden by eu free-market and no french company was interested ( or one was but did n't get the deal , i do n't remember ) . 
  but well , you know , [ the greater good ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/0c/25/4d/0c254d5883792d66dc28a27393db45d7.jpg ) . 
  you need to stop that faith thing . 
  oh yeah , i do agree that this article is n't about muslims , and i do agree that people who cherry-pick bits they like and do n't like in their faith should n't be labeled as practitioners . 
  it 's other people that made it about muslims , which is part of the problem and reasoning for my accusations . 
  so you 're not a pedantic , i 'm glad we cleared that up . 
  have a good day . 
  fair enough , i can accept that instead of people basically telling me i 'm being unfair to nazis . 
  there two things . 
  the immediate threat gay people face there , being rounded up into camps for torture and death . 
  and the fact that this kind of attitude is reminiscent of past ones and can not be tolerated . 
  it 's important to remember it happened before , we ca n't pretend it 's something new and be cautiously worried . 
  we ought to be horrified and angered precisely because we know where that comes from . 
  so much for schulz/macron will change the eu . 
  i would n't have said communist yeah , because is is n't what you ostensibly disapprove of , but i could have said stalinist yeah , as less accurate is it is . 
  or bolshevik , given from what i understand they 're the ones that perverted communism in russia ( knowledgeable anarchist passerby , feel free to correct me ) . 
  but i called them nazis . 
  and it upset people . 
  it upset you . 
  so you know , i 'm just wondering , are you pedantic , are you a nazi , or are you a pedantic nazi ? 
  nice rant , but that does n't address the question . 
  the eu is fine with baling capitalists and forcing liberalism on every country , but ca n't even allow one country to be socialist ? 
  i 'm not even talking about which is better between socialism and liberalism here , just that we could allow each the same liberty , no ? 
  liberalism , the supposed ideology of `` freedom '' , does n't allow a socialist country to implement it 's policies ? 
  liberalism is liquid and flexible and should be able to absorb that easily , no ? 
  what 's the problem ? 
  `` let me make a connection between two things then tell you they are n't connected . '', 
  history as a tool to not commit the same mistakes and catch the signs early on and all that . 
   some similarities smh . 
  i 'm not going to support gay neo-nazis , i 'm going to support gay people . 
  i do n't care about the fact that they 're neo-nazis when i 'm defending their rights as gay people . 
  a better example you could have had is if there was an organization whose explicit purpose was to defend and evolve gay rights within the neo-nazi movement . 
  i would n't support that , no , i would tell those people i 'm going to support their rights in society in general , not in their particular organization . 
  now if you think that makes me an hypocrite , you would be wrong . 
  islam and neo-nazism , muslims and neo-nazis are n't equivalent . 
  islam is a patriarchal oppressive structure that manifests itself in a non-homogeneous way around the world . 
  it 's a structure that can evolve under progressive pressure to abandon its oppressive tendencies and focus on the faith . 
  muslims come in all shape and form and like people of any other faith , or absence of faith , can support or denounce these oppressive tendencies . 
  neo-nazism is a hateful , discriminatory , genocidal ideology . 
  it 's at it 's core and you ca n't pressure it to become nice . 
  neo-nazis are the incarnation of that hateful , discriminatory , genocidal ideology . 
  there are n't nice neo-nazis that want to live in peace with other people . 
  i can support gay people 's efforts to change their religious superstructure . 
  i ca n't support nazis efforts to change their party/organization attitude toward gay people .
