  if they ca n't come up with or accept other measures , they acknowledge they wo n't see their money back . 
  greece is totally within their right to default on their debt , because that 's inherent to debt , and it wo n't be `` something nice '' for them , at all . 
  because it 's not what really matters anymore . 
  it 's not really about if the proposal is acceptable or not . 
  it 's about the possibility for an eu country to make a democratic decision that goes against the wishes of the rest of the union and see if that democratic decision is respected or violated . 
  nothing else . 
  if that fantasy ever happens , there 's massive unemployment and no shortage of very capable people ready to replace those that leave . 
  it always makes me laugh when the upper-middle / upper class threatens to leave . 
  as if they were not replaceable by people a lot more reasonable . 
  that 's just the thing . 
  i agree that an oversight is reasonable when you hand out money . 
  but the eurozone could have insisted with force that the fiscal system should be revamped to make the rich pay more taxes , remove some of the absurd exemptions and make the poor and middle class pay less to allow them to buy things and contribute to the economy . 
  they could have insisted that companies profit be taxed at a higher rate . 
  they could have insisted that fiscal exile should be fiercely fought against . 
  they could have argued that employment in the public sector should not be drastically reduced because it constituted a reliable consumer base . 
  they could have asked greece to massively reduce it 's military spending . 
  they could have financed unemployment for a while to make sure the population did not fall into misery . 
  they could have requested that the water and energy sector be regulated or even nationalized to ensure that the prices were not subjected to speculation . 
  they could have loaned money to greece for free instead of the 6 , 9 , 12 % the banks asked . 
  they could asked that the banks be nationalized or socialized given that they had completely failed their purpose . 
  they could have given back to greece the interest on the greek debt they possessed instead of keeping it for themselves . 
  they could have asked to put in place policies that favored long term external investment to focus on growth and stability . 
  they could have done tons of things different , the first of all being buying the entirety of the insignificant greek debt at the start of it all . 
  but they did n't . 
  not because they did n't think about it . 
  not because what they did was `` the best we all managed at the time '' . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  they knew they could have make other choices , asked greece other things for the bailout money , but they did n't , because everything i just suggested does not fit their ideology . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  and they know it . 
  instead they asked that the wages and pension and unemployment benefit be reduced , that the taxes on the poor and middle class be raised and that the public sector employment be slashed , thereby sabotaging both consumption and fiscal income . 
  they asked that hospitals be closed , suppressing access to health in a time of misery where people needed it most . 
  they continued to sell expensive weapons and military equipment to greece well above its realistic needs . 
  they refused to cooperate when asked to give the names of greek 's fiscally exiled citizen . 
  they insisted on privatizing plenty of public company for a fraction of their real value . 
  they requested that part of their territory be sold to foreign investor for speculative purpose . 
  they agreed to buy directly greek debt even though it was forbidden only when it became a last resort to stop the collapse . 
  i could probably go on and on and on if i was n't doing this on the top of my head . 
  and again , they know exactly what they were doing . 
  and the consequences . 
  it was not mistakes , nor `` the best they managed '' . 
  it was planned and deliberate and they could have stopped the moment they realized the horrible impact on the population but they did n't because in their twisted reality all that suffering should have led to growth . 
  and when they do n't see that growth , instead of wondering what they did wrong and making different choices , they double down . 
  because they do n't know what kind of other politic to do . 
  they know what i suggested exists but its madness to them . 
  so do n't tell me or anyone that you sympathize and that `` it sucks '' . 
  no , it does n't `` sucks '' . 
  it 's not a football game with bad referee decisions . 
  it 's politics . 
  real people making real choices that impact other real people . 
  and what they did does n't `` suck '' , it 's disgusting , plain and simple . 
  if your definition of violating sovereignty is a tank invasion , sure , strictly speaking , greeks sovereignty was never violated . 
  the thing is , greece is supposed to be an allied country that we treat with respect and the way it was treated , talked about , pressurized and forced to back in a corner is anything but respect . 
  what is essentially an economic guillotine that the eurozone put on the successive greek government is not respect . 
  it 's bullying a country into submission , counting on the fact that the leaders will let themselves be bullied at the expense of their own people . 
  and the eurozone leaders know that very well , they may be incompetent but they are not stupid . 
  they ca n't pretend that as long as the greek government accepts the austerity that goes hand in hand with the bailout , the horrible social repercussion are not their faults . 
  i would argue that they have been abusing greek 's sovereignty for a long time now . 
  there 's billions of euros , an ideological warfare and potentially massive economic and social impact at play . 
  of course nobody is going to send tanks , but a lot of people are invested in getting their money back , seeing their ideology prevail and maintaining stability even at the cost of a country 's sovereignty . 
  tanks are not the only way , at all . 
  act that the greek people do n't want their austerity measures and stop trying to demand that the greek government enforces them . 
  there 's plenty of other options they could try but do n't out of ideology . 
  the nicer and more realistic one being acknowledging the debt will never be paid and restructuring it in a way that essentially erases it . 
  the bolder one being excluding greece from the eurozone and telling them to do what they want on their own . 
  they could also do what they did to cyprus when they refused the austerity measures : cut the ecb money flow to greek atms . 
  the last greek government that suggested a referendum on eu-baked austerity was overthrown within 48 hours . 
  you 're assuming a no the troika 's plan means exiting the eurozone . 
  a country ca n't exit the eurozone . 
  it can only be excluded by the other countries . 
  if it 's a no , it will be the other countries that choose what happens . 
  the two biggest options being excluding greece from the eurozone or erasing it 's debt . 
  edit : a third big option is doing what they did to cyprus , cutting the money flow to banks . 
  exactly . 
  it 's tiresome to see people equate being anti-austerity to being anti-eu . 
  good . 
  hopefully the people reject the proposition and we can see the real face of the eu . 
  will it accept greek sovereignty or attempt to overthrow a government that does n't want to obey them . 
  that 's the only real important unknown right now . 
  i 'll go against the grain of the others who replied and agree that it 's absolutely annoying to see these bilingual comments , mostly from french people . 
  french attitude on the net is absolutely infuriating . 
  i cringe at stereotypical fellow french people on the web . 
  it 's like , every country has their idiots , but ours go `` hey , i 'm an idiot and i 'm french ! '' . 
  hey i 've got an idea . 
  a lot of french politicians want to send troops in lybia to prevent migrants from departing . 
  even bomb their empty boats before they depart . 
  the uk should send troops in calais and bomb the trucks !, 
  fair is fair . 
  everything is bad about it after reading the article ... 
   the eurozone `` will need to shift from a system of rules and guidelines for national economic policy-making to a system of further sovereignty sharing within common institutions , most of which already exist and can progressively fulfil this task , '' it adds . 
  `` in practice , this would require member states to accept increasingly joint decision-making on elements of their respective national budgets and economic policies . '', 
  so giving more power to the non-elected european commission where they have a permanent consensus to screw the people ? 
  or the european council or european parliament that are and will always be right or far right leaning for the foreseeable future ? 
   the report refers to a `` common destiny [ which ] requires solidarity in times of crisis and respect for commonly agreed rules from all members '' and that those in the eurozone have given up their national currencies `` once and for all '' . 
  shut up and do as you 're told . 
  there is no alternative \u2122 . 
   the financial and economic crisis has `` forced national governments and eu institutions to take quick and extraordinary steps '' , but `` the quick fixes of recent years need to be turned into a lasting , fair and democratically legitimate basis for the future '' . 
  you see the extraordinary temporary policies we put in place to screw greece , spain , portugal , ireland ? 
  well we 're going to make that permanent . 
  ecb fighting sovereign debt speculation you say ?
