  i do n't know if `` over the counter abortion '' is either safe or a demand by reproductive rights militant , and i 'd love some info on that , but a more interesting map would at least be one where in green is featured countries that allow abortion where the person can go to the doctor/nurse/clinic and take the pill immediately , and then other colors distinguishes if there are multiple mandatory doctor visits , mandatory deliberation period , mandatory slut-shaming / `` pro-life '' speeches , and any other hoops . 
  edit : also , legal does n't mean accessible if doctors or clinics can refuse to help you based on religion/conviction , or if there is n't even any doctor/clinic near you . 
  tl ; dr : green does n't mean a-ok . 
  i would , and agree , if you dropped the far-right conspirationist lingo . 
  thank you . 
  like i said in introduction , this thread is less about convincing people and more about helping everyone have the facts to debate in an informed manner . 
  i would hope this sub is open to political pluralism , but it 's hard . 
  pluralism and disagreement are good for democracy and go hand in hand . 
  i think polls are overestimating le pen a little and emmanuel macron a lot . 
  i think the dynamic for m\u00e9lenchon is real . 
  i think the polls are underestimating participation a lot and that it will favor mostly m\u00e9lenchon . 
  will it be enough to get to the second round and then win ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but there is a real chance . 
  i would n't be surprised by a m\u00e9lenchon-le pen second round and m\u00e9lenchon winning . 
  still , so much can happen till then . 
  i 'm being generous , 
  there were two debates already , one with the top five candidates a few weeks ago and one with all eleven earlier this week . 
  there 's also usually a debate between each round , but everything is up to tv channels setting it up and candidates agreeing to participate . 
  in 2002 for example jacques chirac refused to debate jean-marie le pen . 
  i would also like more debates , but i think france 's situation is quite particular with so many candidates so it 's hard to organize . 
  you do see a lot of smaller debates with people from each candidates team , but smaller candidates still get less representation . 
  leaving aside the feasibility of a middle-of-the-road agreement then , considering france and germany and their respective blocks have different economic interests , what do you think they and the eu should do ? 
  how do you satisfy france 's different needs ? 
  does france leave the eu as you seem fine with it ? 
  ( do n't play eu/ez semantics game please , we both know there are no mechanics to leave one but not the other ) are you morally fine with subjugating france to german economic principles ? 
  how do you justify it ? 
  did cameron disobey without waiting to leave , and tried to form coalitions with other countries ? 
  the final debate would have taken place 24h before the end of the official campaign . 
  after that , candidates and their teams are forbidden to campaign . 
  his stance is that as follow : - france 2 did n't even asked the candidates what day they would like to debate , they just announced the date as if candidates were at their disposition and would come . 
  candidates may have rallies or other events planned already . 
  - if a problem arose during the debate , he would only have 24h to react and correct it . 
  france 2 and the animator david pujadas being who they are , he suspects they 're more interested in drama than politics and does n't want to be a buzz tool . 
  - he suggested the debate be held earlier that week so that candidates would still have time to respond to any controversy . 
  the individual interviews are a trap . 
  david pujadas and his team always treat jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon horrendously when he 's invited , in stark contrast with people like emmanuel macron or even marine le pen . 
  he would have spent the entire interview bombarded with bullshit questions instead of talking about his program . 
  he 's not interested in being a toy for pujadas to play with and will better spread his message elsewhere . 
  oh yeah sure . 
  though i more often see liberals wanting to limit people 's movement , namely that of migrants , than socialists . 
   it will necessarily be a power struggle , in particular with the german government . 
  nobody says it 's going to be an easy agreement . 
  the thing is , germany and its block , and france and the block it could form with spain , portugal , italy , greece , need different things , and the current eu only favors germany and its block . 
  so you 've got two options : transform france and its block so it benefits from the current eu direction , or change the eu direction so it favors both block . 
  i 'm leaving the frexit option out , because i do n't want it either . 
  i do n't know about you , but i find it morally wrong to change southern eu countries so that they fit the northern block definition of what is acceptable . 
  i find it much more acceptable to figure out a eu that benefits both the northern and southern eu . 
  but what you 're trying to say is that it 's impossible . 
  that germany would never allow for the eu to adopt policies that favor southern eu , not because they hate france and spain and others , but because such policies would go against their deepest values . 
  it 's inconceivable to them . 
  what are we doing in a union with them then ? 
  if it 's about free trade , we can trade freely between us without the eu . 
  we 're big economies and blocks , we both want to continue trading with each others , it 's not like leaving would mean we completely cut ties and become enemies . 
  but we can trade without one block imposing it 's deep rooted economic principles on the other . 
  that way both block grows and the whole gets better , instead of the current situation of a strong german and northern core and sad vampirized periphery . 
  i just find it incredible that you and other people are fine holding france hostage like that . 
  i was asked to keep my personal interpretation separate for the sake of discussion . 
  the introduction is important . 
  ** france can not have a progressive future with the eu as it is . 
  ** different eu countries have different demographics and economies that require different type of policies . 
  the current eu is one-size-fits-all , and it does n't fits all . 
  accepting the status quo means severely limiting human progress for france and some other countries , to the benefit of others . 
  why them more than us ? 
  why not both ? 
  in that optic , does germany and other countries want to talk about various subjects such as the ecb independence or social and fiscal harmonization ? 
  if they do n't even want to talk , what 's the point of the eu if we 're disrespected , we 're leaving . 
  ** if they do want to talk , it 's not m\u00e9lenchon they have to convince to stay , it 's the french people who will be consulted via referendum on whatever deal we can agree on . 
  ** m\u00e9lenchon wo n't have a `` take it or leave it '' attitude during negotiation . 
  he 'll try his best to form coalition with other countries and with their combined weight and france 's sole prospect of leaving , convince other countries to ease up on austerity and liberalism . 
  while he 'll try to get other countries to concede as much as possible in his direction , other countries are free to stop negotiation as soon as they feel french people will vote in their favor in a referendum . 
  m\u00e9lenchon stated he will take a stance in the referendum and quit power if he loses . 
  something important that people tend to forget is that he 'll disobey the treaties anyway , without leaving the eu , to have leeway for his policies , and dare other countries to take sanctions against france . 
  his bet is that they wo n't because he wo n't take measures that attack other eu countries and they would n't dare bully france , and that the positive domestic results of disobedience will rally other countries around france to disobey as well and have more weight to inscribe the changes into the treaties . 
  so , like said at the beginning , it 's not a `` take it or i leave '' attitude . 
  on one hand he wo n't wait for the eu 's permission to do what he believes is right , and on the other it 's real negotiation on real important policies and the leaving is up to french people by referendum , not him alone in an office and out of spite . 
  the lisbon treaty includes all previous treaties , it 's not a separate entity . 
  by voting against the lisbon treaty , france rejected all previous treaties and the rules that go with them , as is it 's democratic right . 
  of course it was legal , but we 're talking about the moral right for people to be upset about a situation and wanting to change it here . 
  when i say `` we never agreed '' , of course i 'm talking about french people , not about france as a legal state and it 's representatives . 
  that 's who matters after all . 
  see my other reply . 
  we never agreed to lisbon treaty , it was forced upon us . 
  the disaster is continuing as it is , changing the eu or leaving would both be a relief , if a shaky path . 
  thing is , france did n't agree with the rules . 
  see 2005 referendum . 
  and our politicians overruled the people 's will . 
  we never agreed with the rules in the first place and we have every right to be upset when the work against our interests . 
  to be fair free movement of people is a socialist value , but yeah free movement of capital and merchandises definitely is n't , and we all know which the eu values more . 
  nothing against you op , but it always boggles my mind how the `` no questions '' rule is enforced . 
  either all questions belong in / r/askeurope or they are allowed here . 
  in my opinion they should be allowed here , especially political questions , because when i wonder something about / r/europe 's attitude on a subject its pointless to ask / r/askeurope . 
  but the opacity with which what is allowed to stay and what gets moderated really bothers me . 
  edit : and to answer your strawpoll , well i ca n't because i want a different eu . 
  what i mostly hate is economic liberalism inscribed in the treaties . 
  economic policies should be decided at the state level , not made taboo at the eu level . 
  his bet is that the unilateral disobedience of france during negotiation will have positive results and convince other countries the changes are a good thing . 
  anyway , if 27 countries can force 1 to abandon any idea of progress and happiness , ** because you need to follow the rules , think about the debt !!!, 
  ** , something is wrong in the eu and leaving is the only sane option . 
  if the other eu countries refused to even talk with m\u00e9lenchon about possible changes .
