  only if said country continues to lower salaries and pension , deregulate their economy and destroy their public sector of course . 
   in the next two years , by 30 june 2017 , each country should create a ` competitive authority ' , `` a national body in charge of tracking performance and policies in the field of competitiveness '' . 
  because that 's what the eurozone needs right now , a race to the bottom . 
   these bodies should be `` independent entities with a mandate to ` assess whether wages are evolving in line with productivity and compare with developments in other euro area countries and in the main comparable trading partners '' . 
  ahahah , wages evolving in line with productivity ? 
  you mean the wages that have been mostly frozen for decades compared to the cost of living while the productivity exploded ? 
  the eurozone is going ask that these frozen wages are realigned with the productivity ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
   the opinions of the authorities should be used by social partners in wage setting negotiations . 
  ah i see now , as always you lament on how the working class deserves better but the moment the fight begins you throw them against the sharks that are big corporations where you know they will get crushed and obtain nothing . 
  that way , it 's not your fault , right ? 
   the report , which is mostly the work of european commission president jean-claude juncker , is likely to raise sovereignty concerns in some capitals . 
  no shit . 
  oh wait you meant the governments ? 
  no , no , as always they 're going to feign outrage and just roll with it . 
  it 's the people that are sick of these methods . 
   however , the report argues that member states have already lost power during the financial crisis but without gaining any democratic oversight . 
  exactly as planed , which is why they plan on continuing that way . 
  notify me when europe/eurozone starts forcing high and progressive social standards for which economy is a tool instead of forcing economic nonsense on countries that have destroy their social standards to be within the rules . 
  i 'm gon na go barf now . 
  not sure at all , also surprised me . 
  the other insee study is older by a few years , so maybe that 's something , but it would n't explain such a big gap . 
  method differences maybe , or not interpreting the same thing ? 
  i do n't know . 
  what i found from a quick search : [ insee stats on birth by parent nationalities . 
  ] ( http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/tableau.asp?reg_id=0&amp;ref_id=nattef02233 ) insee is the french official statistics institute . 
  [ article on atlantico ] ( http://www.atlantico.fr/decryptage/vraies-raisons-derriere-bonne-fecondite-francaise-francois-heran-683367.html/page/0/1 ) saying that while the number of children by sub-saharan immigrants is higher than for the french population , their contribution to the fecundity rate given the fact that they represent a small portion of the population is very minor . 
  atlantico is a reactionary right leaning publication , so for them to publish that ... some quotes :  there is a pretty hight contribution to the number of birth but a pretty low contribution to the fecundity rate . 
  -  this surfecundity compared to the french level varies a lot depending on origins . 
  the portuguese immigration has less kids than the french average . 
  the maghreb immigration fecundity is now very close to the french rate . 
  [ ... ] it 's among sub-saharan migrants that the fecundity rate is still relatively high , but for now this african migration , very concentrated in the parisian area , is moderated by the whole of france . 
  -  in most of our neighboring countries , the population growth is solely due to immigration , which is not the case here , because it only represents a quarter of the population growth each year . 
  i assume as the maghreb immigration became more integrated it 's fecondity rate aligned with the french one . 
  that 's probably a stronger indicator of integration than anything the extreme right will bring up . 
  sub-saharan fertilily will likely go down as time goes by . 
  actually , the stronger we make efforts to not treat them like shit , the quicker their fecundity rate will go down ... 
  that 's what the the extreme right would have us believe . 
  `` the great replacement \u2122 '' i do n't have stats on hand , but i believe the  2 kids per women is consistent across all demographics . 
  would it be so bad if these kind of law were struck down ? 
  police and copyright holders are only interested in mass produced counterfeit and distribution anyway , so they would n't bother individuals the same way they do n't bother pirates today . 
  plus at least in france we 've got a tax on writable mediums ( cd , dvd , usb , smartphones , tablets , etc ... ) specifically for this [ right to do private copies ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/copie_priv%c3%a9e#redevance_sur_la_copie_priv.c3.a9e ) [ fr ] . 
  * in practice , for a 4.7 go dvd-r , [ the tax ] represents 75 % of the retail price , 40 to 50 % for an external hard drive and almost 10 % for a smartphone . 
  * would n't mind seeing this abusive tax go away . 
  why so black and white ? 
  we 're intelligent enough to conceive systems that involve part-automatic part-human moderation and are fair in their action . 
  i mean , what i 'm describing already exist , a lot of news website have a moderation team or subcontract it and the comments still are horrible even though the hate speech usually gets moderated . 
  if it does n't , then the automatic moderation needs to be better tuned and the people need to be better trained in recognizing it . 
  if comments are not hate speech but still horrible , it 's up to the website to set it 's own tolerance level . 
  neither the impossible task people describe in this thread nor an attack on free speech . 
  i do n't get why everyone is upset . 
   the echr cited `` the ` extreme ' nature of the comments which the court considered to amount to hate speech , the fact that they were published on a professionally-run and commercial news website , '' as well as the `` insufficient measures taken by delfi to weed out the comments in question and the low likelihood of a prosecution of the users who posted the comments , '' and the moderate sanction imposed on delfi . 
  for-profit websites can be held responsible as an intermediary for not acting on hate speech on their platform when they are the last identifiable link in the chain . 
  seems reasonable . 
  would be nice if we were not intoxicated by the usaian notion of absolute and irresponsible freedom of speech . 
  `` become a good little patriot and do n't make waves , or else ... '' is not integration , it 's disintegration . 
  as long as we brainwash them then ? 
  how about accepting them nicely as the people they are ? 
  no way these percentage are correct . 
  i 'd believe it if it were for overweight people and above . 
  overweight , not fat or obese . 
  yeah , i know what you mean . 
  i think you know what * i * mean . 
  a white poor is a good poor . 
  edit because downvotes : that 's sarcasm people , sarcasm . 
  i 'm denouncing people who implicitly think that !, 
  if you 're downvoting because you got it was sarcasm , never mind , continue . 
  rich arab : come , come spend money . 
  poor arab : get out . 
  because its broad enough to spy on anyone regardless of the reason by simple decision of the prime minister with no counter-power . 
  specifically the fear is that they use it to spy on social movements that could threaten their legitimacy or big-money : nuclear industry , construction , military , etc. 
  or they 're stupid and have no idea what they 're doing . 
  pick one . 
  edit : oh and journalists . 
  crackdown on whistleblowers . 
  no more corruption or swiss bank account scandal . 
   28 national ~ ~ markets ~ ~ digital markets to one any news if that includes fiscality ? 
  'cause if they continue to unify the market but allow 28 different fiscal system , it 's gon na continue to be a disaster regardless of the good parts ... 
  yeah , he first stated they 'll be punished if they had [ `` behaved badly '' ] ( http://www.ledauphine.com/france-monde/2015/04/30/des-viols-par-des-militaires-francais-seraient-un-double-crime ) ( fr ) . 
  talk about an euphemism . 
  that 's how big he 's disconnected and little he really cares . 
  edit : so exposing hypocrisy is ok , except when it comes to politician condemning child abuse as `` bad behavior '' before realizing they should use stronger words , then it gets you downvotes . 
  noted . 
  yes , i meant at the top of the agency . 
  he obviously reports to at least one person and their aids , otherwise it meant the agency has gone rogue , and just like you say the people he reports to are going to feign ignorance until the storm passes . 
  some people are gon na get fired and replaced by similar peons . 
  `` for our own good '' ... 
  because changing the one guy at the top and not the people he reported to nor the ones having no problem following his orders will totally solve the issue ... 
  the thing is , unity has always been a violence . 
  individual nations where united because some guys stood up , killed their rivals , expanded their territory trough bloody conquests and repressed internal division . 
  that was the norm to bring unity for thousands of years . 
  it 's still the norm in a lot of places in africa and the middle east . 
  fortunately it became unthinkable in europe after wwii . 
  yet sacralizing the european union unity to the point of denying the sovereignty of individual nations and its people is another form of violence that is happening right now . 
  europeans loving the idea of a united europe experience this violence everyday and its literally killing them in places like greece . 
  european `` elites '' think nations will fight each other if they do n't force unity . 
  all they accomplish is fabricating resentment and hate that will lead to the division they fear . 
  they do n't see that we would have been much closer to real unity had they choose not to force it ... edit : tl ; dr : what makes nations united is the strength of the individual bonds between them , not the rope that binds them together . 
  posturing with moral superiority when it 's of no cost and backing out of it when it 's convenient : politicians since forever . 
  itt : internet tough guys , free speech absolutist and anti-pc squad being offended by science .
