  admittedly i do n't own any from luxury collections . 
  but i do n't know how to evaluate them . 
  by weight ? 
  by price of the content ? 
  an advice would be welcome . 
  i 'm afraid they are priceless . 
  which would make me either very rich or tragically outside the market economy . 
  finally , i do n't know the value of the work of art i created with my brush , my pencil or my camera . 
  in my eyes , this value is invaluable . 
  thus unpriceable . 
  in 2013 , i had added to the description of my housing situation my plans to move . 
  again , i judge useful to finish this inventory with information about the habitation i would like to occupy . 
  if then you elect me president of the republic , know that i 'll continue to live at home , in my neighborhood , while paying my share to the republic for my job housing . 
  and because you wo n't have a first lady , because i am single , all in all , i 'll be a cheaper president . 
  that 'll make you save money . 
  -- jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon writes a lot , whether on [ his blog ] ( http://melenchon.fr/categorie/tous-les-articles/ ) or in [ books ] ( http://melenchon.fr/mes-livres/ ) ( the article i translated seems very shared and overloading his website , try later if you get an error ) . 
  he is recognized by all , even his critics and fiercest political opponents , as a very good writer and orator . 
  ca n't get fired from a position that has no legal basis . 
  it 's so complicated with you racists . 
  are they taking our jobs or do they `` fuck off '' to their country ? 
  make up your mind . 
  that 's even neglecting the fact that , at least in france , non-french pay more in taxes then they receive in benefits . 
  if anything they do n't receive their fair share , and that 's in france which is known for being very generous . 
  i 'd rather the money be spent elsewhere , but if it gets spend on military i would like a clause that says all equipment must be eu built . 
  we do n't need the nato 2 % objective to be a tool for the us to sell us weapons , to have eu people subsidize the us war industry . 
  always the agriculture pretext to paint the eu as a savior and developmental force . 
  eu subjects small farmers to unfair competition from big subventioned agro-industrial farmers , and makes countries unfairly compete against each others . 
  liberals always talk about how governments waste money and should optimize how they spend it , well that 's a perfect example . 
  what 's disingenuous is pretending like the eu does n't hinder certain types of economy and demography . 
  every economist agrees with that , and that different countries and demography thrive under different parameters , yet the eu wants to force everyone to function under a very particular set of parameter , german ordoliberalism . 
  it works very well for germany and a few countries , and it does n't mean other countries ca n't grow a little , but they are doing far worse than they could under a different set of parameters . 
  meanwhile germany accumulates massive commercial surplus on the back of other eu countries and refuses to reinvest that money either domestically or on eu-wide investment projects . 
  there is a huge imbalance that needs to be addressed if we even want to pretend like the eu is n't just a money trickle-up scheme . 
  i hate that . 
  british and us press loves macron , so there are a lot of articles about him , positive ones at that , to share on this sub , often very quickly after things happen . 
  meanwhile it 's so hard to find english articles about m\u00e9lenchon that are somewhat balanced , not calling him far-left or saying he wants to hand over free money . 
  the lack of journalistic plurality has a real impact on elections and democracy . 
  put on your military outfit and rifle already instead of spending your time on reddit ... 
  agreed . 
  loans interests are money made out of thin air . 
  with what money do you think bank speculates if not money made out of thin air ? 
  they have a `` real deposits / money they can invest '' ratio , something like 1 to 20 . 
  the ecb does n't need to be under any nation authority to print money out of thin air . 
  the various programs it implemented over the years are just that . 
  some people in the eurozone do argue that the ecb should be less independent of print money for european investment instead of only banks . 
  there is no plan b without plan a. 
  it 's implied . 
  he was weak on plan b after advocating for plan a for years , so suddenly when he started talking about plan b people made him out to purely and simply want to quit the eu , which is false . 
  of course the eu is something you can impose treaty changes . 
  you ca n't control the change , but you can at least put it on the table . 
  what is more unreasonable , saying the eu only works for some instead of all so we need to talk about changing it , or pretending like the current eu works for everyone and does n't need change ? 
  the 27 consensus is bullshit as well . 
  it supposes that when it 's 1 vs 26 , the 26 are the reasonable ones . 
  what if they 're not ? 
  what if it 's 20 vs 6 and the 20 use their majority to oppress the 6 ? 
  what if the 6 had enough and ask for the rules to change so they ca n't be bullied anymore , and the 20 go all over medias and claim `` the 6 are extremists that want to destroy the eu , listen to us , we 're the reasonable ones ! '' ? 
  either we can change the eu so that it favors everyone and nobody can be bullied , or the eu has failed so what 's the point in staying . 
  making money appear from thin air is literally what banks do , more-so central banks ... i mean seriously , this is n't even ideology speaking , just research how bank works . 
  to be honest i do n't know enough about the baltics values , and that 's kinda part of the problem . 
  but i know more about polish or hungarian values , at least those in power at the moment . 
  should france use it 's arsenal to defend authoritarian and backward countries ? 
  wait until they become more reasonable before we put them under our protection ? 
  our protection ca n't depend on what government is currently in place , so for our nuclear protection to be on the table we need to share a real union of values and people , not a simple trade union . 
  you do n't protect your mere trade partners with the nuclear arsenal . 
  if we did , or if the empathy argument had any value , should we have protected ukraine with our nuclear arsenal ? 
  should we protect palestinians with our nuclear arsenal ? 
  should we threaten any country wanting to change any international borders ? 
  where does our empathy starts and ends ? 
  a left-wing french government would use the nuclear arsenal if a right-wing french region was attacked because it 's the sacred duty of the nation , not because of empathy . 
  it is n't the sacred duty of french to defend balts . 
  it could be , under the right historical circumstances , but right now it is n't . 
  it is n't a matter of empathy at all . 
  for all the empathy i have for eastern europeans living with the current tensions , nuclear protection is too serious for that . 
  to add to the other reply , the context was when he asked macron if he would be able to pass laws to block them when he has people from the pharmaceutical industry donating to his campaign . 
  basically called him out for being in bed with lobbyists and that financial links might tie his hands . 
  what you 're saying is bullshit considering it took him years to even put a frexit on the table after being adamant , to his supports displeasure , he wanted to stay in the eu/euro no matter what . 
  his plan a/b approach is the result of a long process and looking at what happened to other countries like greece , not the flippant and nationalistic attitude of le pen . 
  yeah , magic is n't real . 
  redistributing wealth differently very much is . 
  why would france say they 'd fire back with nukes if hungary or poland and with their backwards government was attacked ? 
  what domestic message does that send ? 
  protecting countries with our nuclear arsenal ca n't be a matter of political orientation . 
  if a country attacked a right-wing lead french region while a left-wing government was in place , we would retaliate , because despite differences we are the same nation , people and share similar values under our constitution . 
  the same can not be said about the eu , a simple economic union . 
  you do n't use your nuclear arsenal to protect mere trade partner . 
  you ca n't block anything resembling a social , fiscal and progressive union for decades by invoking national differences , you ca n't hold back on creating a real union of european people and values , and then asked to be protected by our nuclear arsenal . 
  that 's not to say that other countries much adopt french values and laws to deserve our protection , but at least we could pretend like we 're making an effort to converge and unite , from the base , the people . 
  not really the eu program . 
  i do n't understand what 's ambiguous ? 
  he explains that since the cold war the usa 's military focus was directly or by proxy mainly targeted at russia , that trump wants to shift that focus to china , that the very powerful intelligence agencies disagree with trump on the matter , that having us troops and covert intelligence operatives in europe when the us are so unstable is dangerous , and that as a result we ( the eu/france ) should treat with russia independently without us interference . 
  what is ambiguous here ? 
  could you provide timestamps ? 
  it seems very clear to me . 
  yeah , it 's sad that she was the only one to attack macron on his marketing void speeches . 
  the question is , why use our nuclear arsenal to defend countries we do n't share the values ? 
  if the eu was a social union with similar social , ethical and progress goals , we could talk about defending it with our arsenal , but as it is it 's only an economic union , and one that works against us at that , so you might understand how us coming to help is at the very least open to questioning and not an automatic matter , yes ? 
  no `` leftists love putin '' strawman please , the guy is despicable and not wanting to go to war with him and choosing to be an independent peace-favoring voice is wholly different than agreeing with him . 
  he mentioned the baltics in the context of european defense . 
  if we have european defense and russia attacks the baltics , does that means france needs to send troops ? 
  what about our nuclear arsenal ?
