  if anything today 's talk was about how to accommodate the referendum result with the eurogroup insistence of austerity measures , and one day is probably not even enough for that . 
  yet because politicians repeated for two days that they wanted new proposals , which is at best stupid , at worst complete denial , when greece makes the sensible move of not bringing anything new everyone on / r/europe is outraged and calls the greek government incompetent ? 
  can you explain to me why greece should have brought new proposals to the table and a general outline of what these new proposals could have been , or are you simply and mindlessly channeling the nonsense that has been repeated like a mantra by politicians these past days ? 
   its not like it changes anything for the negotiations . 
  the eurogroup still cant give in to the greek demands because that would open the flood gates for spain , italy , etc. 
  maybe it wo n't change anything , maybe it will , but at least his person wo n't be a problem . 
  it would n't have had the same impact if he just sat back , now greece can add to the no that `` you see , you had a * personal * problem with varoufakis and he 's gone , that 's how much we want a deal , so are you willing to talk seriously now ? '', 
  it 's better than going in all smug . 
  the hate is still flowing strong this morning . 
  truly a honorable move , varoufakis . 
  hope the rest of eu 's leaders also had the dignity to put their ideals and their people before their career . 
  there 's a few technocrats that should be resigning by now if they had a shred of responsibility . 
  it 's plain written in his blog post :  i consider it my duty to help alexis tsipras exploit , as he sees fit , the capital that the greek people granted us through yesterday 's referendum . 
  -  we of the left know how to act collectively with no care for the privileges of office . 
  it would be a huge responsibility if the renewed negotiations were to fail simply because of his person . 
  resigning is a way to remove yet another obstacle to reach a deal and put pressure on the eurogroup . 
  it adds immense momentum to the referendum result . 
  with a no winning * and * the hated varoufakis gone , the eurogroup ca n't refuse a deal without loosing the little credibility it has left . 
  the ignorance in this thread is disgusting , but the tears are delicious . 
  thank you greece . 
  so like every election ever ? 
  good thing we leave the decision to the people and not a panel of `` experts '' . 
  that 's kind of the problem . 
  she has enormous power in the eu and ez , but when there are european problems like the greek situation , she 's nowere to be seen . 
  she rightfully tries to give germany an important place in the region , but refuses the responsibility that comes with it . 
  that 's failed leadership . 
  each and every one of them is important and has a right to say what others want is unacceptable to them . 
  if there is no compromise , it 's not the smaller party 's fault . 
  it 's both or neither . 
  agreed . 
  the ecb is supposed to be independent and is anything but . 
   the loan will be used exclusively to meet the debt service payments of greece 's external and internal debt obligations . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i do n't get why politicians ca n't say clearly `` we want to stay in the ez and will do everything to ensure it , but if we have to choose between the ez and our country i will choose our country . '', 
  we 've get the same problem in france . 
  writing it off is n't defaulting . 
  it would mean extending the payments over 30 years , 50 years , 100 years . 
  the money would still exist in the books , but it 's real value would become insignificant . 
  it 's basically asking for money that will be exclusively used to pay creditors , while asking for a debt restructuration so that in two years this kind of non-sense wo n't be necessary . 
  how is this to much for the ez ? 
  but debt taken by other countries is used for internal purpose . 
  here greece is a pure intermediary between international financials institutions and ez banks , and the price for being the intermediary is austerity . 
  it 's madness . 
   the loan will be used exclusively to meet the debt service payments of greece 's external and internal debt obligations * we ask you money so that we can give it back to you . 
  * why the ez does n't write off the debt at this point is beyond me . 
  it 's just showing them that he can make offers they ca n't accept the same way the ez makes offers he ca n't accept . 
  `` you want me to accept this and go back to my people humiliated as i try to convince them it 's a good plan ? 
  how about you accept that and go back to your people humiliated and try to convince them it 's a good plan ? 
  see , you do n't want to be humiliated as much as i do n't , so do n't fault me for refusing you offers . '', 
  i would vote no if i was greek , but i agree that tsipras did n't handle the negotiations well . 
  in my opinion he should have made the possibility of a referendum and/or a readiness to leave the ez immediately clear . 
  maybe he did in private , got shut down , played the ez game until the last moment . 
  we ca n't really know . 
  i would n't mind referendums in creditors country . 
  at least we would have a clear view of the lack of european solidarity , act the failures of the institutions and the current european dream , and start radical changes to correct the problems . 
  ez : take it or leave it . 
  * tsipras : wait , i 've got ta ask the people first . 
  * ez : whoa whoa whoa , you ca n't do that ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  is this real life ? 
  i 'm gon na go tell mom . 
  * tsipras : here 's something more reasonable . 
  you want to save you precious euro ? 
  take it or leave it . 
  * to be continued ... 
  what people call an exit is greece printing their own money because the ecb does not provide euro liquidity to banks . 
  greece staying in euro means the ecb would maintain liquidity regardless of the referendum result . 
  it could also mean stopping liquidity and forcing greece to print drachma , but still allowing them to use euros . 
  two currencies for some time . 
  i do n't know the technicalities of such a scenario though . 
   june 30 , 2015 -- 2:12 pm cest updated on june 30 , 2015 -- 2:51 pm cest well , it updated to more than two paragraphs since my comment , but i do n't see how i 'm reading it wrong . 
  am i missing something ? 
  but what about the hundreds of redditors typing furiously that a no means abandoning euro ? 
  how could so many people be wrong ? 
  the ecb has a mandate to provide liquidity to eurozone banks independently from political influence . 
  a mandate they are clearly violating . 
   only a small fraction of the $ 240bn ( # 170bn ) total bailout money greece received in 2010 and 2012 found its way into the government 's coffers to soften the blow of the 2008 financial crash and fund reform programmes . 
  -  most of the money went to the banks that lent greece funds before the crash . 
  the two first sentences of the article . 
  the money mostly serves to recapitalize french and german banks that made bad loan and reimburse previous ecb / efsf / imf loans . 
  greeks are literally asked to implement austerity measures on their people with no hope of debt relief to repay foreign banks that made bets and lost and financial institutions . 
  the ecb is supposed to be independent and provide liquidity to eurozone banks . 
  they refuse to do so , for political reasons . 
  the treaties are just for show at this point . 
  there 's a huge difference between organizing competition and deregulation . 
  france voted no in 2005 . 
  lisbon treaty still happened . 
  i have no problems calling the european union undemocratic . 
  * `` thank you mr tsipras for this clear and definitive answer . 
  may we reconvene next wednesday to work out the details of your exit from the eurozone in a fashion that ensures stability for all ? 
  it was a pleasure working with you even if we could n't find common ground . 
  '' * who am i kidding ... 
  shows how much everyone in these institutions do n't give a fuck . 
  europe is a territory and should not disappear any time soon . 
  the eurozone and the european union are political constructions . 
  birth and death of political constructions are unpredictable . 
  they can be extremely quick , forced by immediate necessity , or take decades through methodic planning or chaotic disintegration ... rome did fall . 
  as did the iii reich . 
  maybe the european union will disappear the day we dissolve it into a world government in a few centuries . 
  maybe it will be virtually destroyed by next week .
