  they undertake to establish enhanced and predictable market - access conditions by ** working towards the elimination of barriers to trade , in particular through the timely removal of non-tariff barriers and restrictions to trade that are not consistent with wto rules ** [ ... ]  [ ... ] this agreement is valid for an initial period of ten years . 
  [ ... ] and i could pick other excerpt . 
  what bothers me in these kind of agreements is that human rights and development goals are nice but take at least a few years and more realistically decades to produce effects . 
  there is n't even any oversight on that :  1 . 
  either party may refer to the joint committee any divergence in the application or interpretation of this agreement . 
  if either party considers that the other has failed to fulfil any of its obligations under this agreement , it may take appropriate measures with regard to this agreement or any specific agreement referred to in article 53 ( 2 ) . 
  now let 's be honest , neither the eu or afghanistan is going to suspend the agreement because afghanistan did n't make any progress on corruption or it 's treatment of children and women . 
  on the other hand , implementing liberal economic policies is virtually instant , and this is where the eu is going to insist the agreement is followed to the letter . 
  open trade borders , no tariffs , etc ... afghanistan is going to get flooded with merchandise that will grow a middle class , but also hinder sustainability of their local economy and especially agriculture . 
  again , i ca n't imagine afghanistan complaining to the eu that they did n't get the help needed to grow a mostly self-sufficient local agriculture when the eu can just threaten to stop export of all that cheap and cozy middle class merchandise and cheap food imports . 
  let 's not pretend either that afghanistan has any weight , economic or otherwise , to force the eu to uphold their end of the deal . 
  so where does that leave us ? 
  an agreement filled with good intentions but that effectively is just paying afghanistan for them to open their market to eu exportation and police immigration . 
  by not supporting their local economy , you keep a large part of their population in poverty and people who migrated due to war will now migrate for economic reasons . 
  to all the people saying we should refuse migrants and help them have a good life in their own country , this is exactly the way not to do it . 
  if you think this kind of agreement is what we need to deal with migration , do n't pretend you 're interested in helping migrants and just admit you ca n't stand having them in europe . 
  unemployment rate was at a record low during world war 2 , so it is n't all bad i guess ? 
  they are n't really in the same ballparks to balance each other out . 
  if you assume it 's not a contradiction , however you frame it it 's defending colonization as not being all bad . 
  so , is macron opportunistically contradicting himself or defending the indefensible ? 
  your pick . 
  more like it made him seem like a flip-flopper . 
  he said colonization had some good consequences a few months ago and said it was a crime against humanity this week . 
  he supported gay marriage in the past and tried to appease it 's opponent this week . 
  he 's trying to appeal to everyone without any hard divisive belief and it 's starting to cost him . 
  thank you for taking feedback and being comprehensive instead of defensive like so many people . 
  made it sound like the words are synonym but `` faggot '' just has a bad rep. 
  encompassing the same people does n't make words synonyms , and that 's ignoring the fact that `` faggot '' also targets non-gay gender-nonconforming people . 
   ~ ~ synonym ~ ~ ** slur ** of `` homosexual '' ftfy, 
  how do you even go from `` we should n't give russian propaganda more attention than it deserves '' to `` keep the migrants out '' ? 
  what kind of mental leap is at work here ? 
  in unrelated news :  expect more fake news from nato , top russian general says . 
  so stop liberal treaties with the eu that hinders their local economy in favor of importing things they could produce themselves ? 
  there are people who ask proof when you tell them / r/europe is racist , and then there is this kind of thread . 
  with how big the french colonial empire was , it is controversial here . 
  every time it makes the headlines , you 'll find plenty of high profile politicians or media figures defend colonization as spreading france 's greatness and culture and similar apologia . 
  mostly it 's taboo , just acknowledged as a ) it happened , b ) it ended badly and c ) we need to improve friendship with ex-colonies . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  it 's still recent in history , it often takes time for countries to fully and explicitly acknowledge such past . 
  i do n't like his policies but i 'm glad he had the gut to say that . 
  colonization is a taboo in france and it needs to stop . 
  edit : on the other hand , today he said he 'd be fine having a debate with france 's biggest televised racist \u00c9ric zemmour , thus giving audience to spout his hate . 
  unrelated , he also just said anti-gay-marriage proponents were humiliated . 
  so there 's that . 
  seems like he steered a bit to far from the right and now tries to keep in reach . 
  how so , when it 's just the us using canada as a trojan horse to push deregulation into europe ? 
  that they be mindful of people 's safety especially when there is a flaming car near them , not mindlessly teargassing random people ? 
  like i said , marxism is n't a set of policies , it 's a method of analysis of society . 
  essentially , being marxist does n't mean you are for armed revolution , stalinism and authoritarian equality or some other fantasy , it just means you recognize people 's appartenance to several classes depending on their wealth , skin color , gender , sexual orientation ... and that there are power struggles between these classes . 
  warren buffet is a marxist !, 
  now some marxist use this method to advocate for equality , and some use it to further their domination , marxism has no goal in and of itself . 
  there are some criticism of marxism saying it does n't go far enough in its interpretation of society , still without any policy advocacy , and some that disagrees with the notion of class and class warfare altogether , preferring an individual agents approach . 
  i 'm guessing that last one is where you stand . 
  try reading up on it sometimes . 
  marxism is a school of though , not an ideology or a set of policies . 
  he uses marxism to build his view of society . 
  he 's one of the last french politician to do so and we need more , lest we fall into spreadsheet technocracy only worried about debt and gdp instead of people 's real problem . 
  itt : `` people subjected to systemic violence and humiliation for decades should ask nicely to be treated fairly and hope for things to change . 
  repeat for as many decades and after as many police assault as necessary . '', 
  edit : also this thread and countless others goes to show that racism is not what people have a problem with where le pen and other far-right movements are concerned , only the fascism . 
  `` racism is fine as long as it 's democratic . '', 
   but they 're burning cars with people in it and you know what happened then ? 
  police rescued people inside the burning car . 
  wait no , that 's what they claimed , but they were too occupied shooting teargas at protesters not 50m from the car and it 's a teenager that got the person out of the burning car . 
  priorities , right ? 
  the two teenagers in 2005 were chased without cause and when the policemen saw them get in the electrical substation they left them there to die instead of attempting to rescue them from the danger . 
  some people are breaking things today beside the peaceful protests because 1 ) politics and medias continue to minimize trough euphemism what happened , that is a rape , and instead talk of a `` virile '' or `` muscled '' arrest , or just `` an accident '' , and 2 ) peaceful protesters are being teargassed for no reason . 
  those people have every right to be angry at not being taken seriously and treated like second class citizen . 
  a few bus stop or store front destroyed is a ridiculously small consequence in the face of routine police violence , humiliation , and rape that this time was violent enough to make people realize there is a problem with part of our police force . 
  you know what the simple answer is for the `` riots '' to stop ? 
  have politics call what happened what it is , a rape , acknowledge there is a problem among some people in the police , call for an immediate investigation to remove racist cops who use their police badge as a way to exert violence , pass the abandoned law that would have forced cops to give a receipt after each and every identity check , invest more money for sensitivity training on a widespread scale , etc ... it 's all very simple and humane . 
  yet politics refuse to because it 's easier to treat people who live there like `` scum '' . 
  so get out with your warped sense of justice , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  you know , those people in war zones comparing potential welfare from eu countries before deciding where to settle . 
  national pastime in syria i 'm told . 
  i appreciate the initial goal of transparency for the sake of shedding light on illegal and immoral practices in order for people to make better informed decisions at a local level . 
  thing is , i believe that comes with a responsibility , like acknowledging what you release is n't neutral in it 's consequences . 
  i 'm not saying they should n't release certain information , but it 's hard to claim you want for people to make informed decisions and to fight for democracy when you 're basically campaigning for fascist fake-news spearhead donald trump . 
  because after all the `` yeah but '' 's and rationalization , that 's basically what wikileaks did . 
  actively helped elect a wannabe fascist with the disastrous consequences it will have for usians and the world . 
  all in the name of transparency and democracy . 
  and you know what , i 'm not of those who think assange is russian puppet . 
  he probably was in direct or indirect contact through the leaks yeah , but i do n't think assange works * for * putin . 
  i just think he 's an ideologue in the purest sense of the term whose goals aligned with russia during the 2016 election . 
  i think for him , whoever won the election would n't have aligned with his personal intransigent vision of democracy and transparency , and for that he was willing to throw everyone under the bus . 
  not just passively by accepting whatever outcome the election would have , but actively by helping elect trump and catering to his bullying online fans . 
  i ca n't respect someone for whom the goal justifies the despicable means , and honestly i 'm not sure he has any goal beside his personal survival anymore . 
  which i can respect , but do n't hold the planet hostage . 
  i still ca n't believe how a nuclearist told me a few weeks ago accidents like fukushima and chernobyl are an acceptable price to pay for the greatness that is nuclear energy . 
  we have dozens of very old nuclear power plants that are past their initial lifetime but get extended and put on life support , handled by companies more interested in profits than safety . 
  today the explosion was n't in a risky zone , but tomorrow it might be . 
  hopefully this is a wake-up call and we do n't need to wait for a fukushima hole and exclusion zone in he middle of europe to transition toward 100 % clean energy . 
  you not seeing it as sexist does n't mean it is n't . 
  only trump can edict what is true or not as far as i know , not you . 
  / s all insults are personal yeah , what i 'm saying is we do n't need that to criticize him . 
  his suggested policies are enough . 
  for what it 's worth i agree behind the charming young playboy he 's a shitty person with a shitty perspective on life and for france . 
  i just think all the things he said and did that prove he is shitty can be spinned into political arguments instead of personal attacks . 
  attack his vision and what he represents , not who he is , is what i 'm saying . 
  countries want other countries to behave in ways that at worst do n't threaten them , at best favor them .
