  if greece could influence german elections to elect a sympathetic chancellor that would wipe their debt , they 'd do it in a heartbeat . 
  they do n't have that kind of influence , but the us or russia or china do . 
  it 's not a personal thing , just how international politics work . 
  i do think that the `` russia is going to hack us '' thing is kinda obvious propaganda though . 
  it screams `` they 're gon na do to us what they did to the us , stay in line sheeples '' fear-mongering . 
  it 's true they 're trying to influence the election ( again , the us and probably some other countries are doing the same , it 's `` normal '' ) , but why single them out if not to paint them as a designated ideological enemy that will be used to taint candidates that do n't criticize them enough or are a bit feeble in denouncing them . 
  i mean it 's a well know fact serious presidential contenders visit the us embassy to share vision and seek support , but nobody is outraged about that or denounces it as foreign power meddling with our domestic process . 
  for what it 's worth , i hate the anti-russian sentiment in this sub too . 
  we can criticize putin 's domestic and foreign policy without making a devil out of him or russia as a whole . 
  you 're asking a bit too much self-critic from this sub . 
  it 's easier to blame immigration and racists . 
  they 'll elect macron and then wonder why le pen continues to rise and their savior could n't do shit against it . 
  on one hand , it 's a certainty that countries that have the capability to influence foreign elections do so , so it stands to reason that russia is working to favor le pen through propaganda and other means . 
  be absolutely certain that the us are doing their own behind the scene work to favor certain candidates and policies . 
  on the other hand , we have to be careful about these kind of headlines . 
  it 's standard domestic counter propaganda . 
  the best way to treat leaks coming from intelligence services without any other information is to assume it was n't a leak but done on purpose . 
  it 's meant to elicit emotions and reactions in the public and to prepare and sway opinion . 
  it 's important to remain critical and not eat the info up just because we hate le pen or putin , and not let it blind us even if it 's true . 
  sexist / personal insults are n't required to criticize him either . 
  it 's not about being able to make great deals or not . 
  it 's about being able to trust him to implement policies that favor common people instead of banks , and in these times it 's pretty much mutually exclusive . 
  if we could stop about this `` anything goes in love and sex '' stereotype about france , especially when talking about borderline grooming , that would be nice , thanks . 
   care to elaborate why would anyone at all produce a surpruls of these goods if that were the case and he could n't sell them for a profit ? 
  is this a serious question ? 
  you ca n't imagine any reason at all ? 
  for both of your points , i just have to say that libertarian mind is such a narrow and sad thing , and that i do n't have an hour in front of me to describe the values ( that you 're so fond of ) of society and solidarity , so i 'll leave the pointless conversation here . 
  food , shelter , water , are capitalistic properties , not common properties . 
  you are guaranteed the right to buy them , not the right to access . 
  no money ? 
  you die . 
  you seemed dismissive of the ability for same sex couples to have the same access to adoption as hetero couples . 
  like you 've been replied to by another person , i consider equality in front of the law a human right . 
  if natural rights are your reference , i consider liberty impossible without equality and equality in front of the law is at the forefront of that . 
  implying the us ever was not ultra-protectionist . 
  ah , yes , liberals who think property should be a guaranteed right but not access to water or shelter or equality in front of the law regardless of gender or sexual orientation . 
  natural rights are obscurantist subjective bullshit . 
  the only justification human rights need is in our material reality , no an appeal to `` nature '' . 
  it 's infuriating . 
  same sex marriage and adoption ? 
  oh no no , that 's divisive , leave each country do as they please . 
  reproductive rights ? 
  everyone their culture , let countries decide . 
  tax evasion and wage competition protected by the treaty ? 
  it 's just smart , other countries should lower them too . 
  yes please , and punish countries that do n't follow it . 
  really shows what the eu is for a lot of people , and it 's not peace and love for everyone . 
   get inseminated * vomits * what a trash way to talk about people . 
  why should the eu be able to impose economic decision but not social ones ? 
  it should be neither or both , no ? 
  a racist complaining about being called a racist and blaming the rise of the far-right on it . 
  everyone , act surprised !, 
  going really well on that front . 
  going as well as the economic front . 
  really tough with countries who go backward too . 
  just saying . 
  i do n't care about the eu having mandate to impose economic austerity across europe . 
  i care about the eu having mandate to further equality and resist fascism . 
  i bet more people care about that than telling countries how their budget must look like . 
  i do n't like the eu . 
  the eu passing a eu-wide legislation legalizing same sex marriage and adoption would restore my confidence in it . 
  there is never a right time to move toward equality . 
  it 's always divisive . 
  i think that 's exactly the kind of thing the eu should push more to show it 's not only about economic competition between countries . 
  gay marriage and adoption , european minimum wage , protection of human rights , reproductive rights , etc ... i do n't like the eu as it is but that 's the thing i 'd like it tackled . 
  shame the parliament is just for decoration and can only pass recommendations . 
  such a sad way to do politics . 
  yeah , there 's more than enough to criticize in his suggested policies to not have to attack real or fictional personal life . 
  his position is hardly threatening a frexit . 
  essentially it 's going to see merkel ( or whoever gets elected ) and ask : `` today the eu policies work mostly in favor of germany and is n't suited for countries like france , spain , italy , etc ... we 're not asking for policies that only favor us to your detriment , we 're asking for policies that favor everyone . 
  we believe that is achievable . 
  in the end , we ca n't continue today 's policies and will implement new ones , so we want to do that with germany instead of against germany . '', 
  i do n't see why that attitude is unreasonable . 
  his bet is that merkel is reasonable and will accept . 
  everyone recognize that the eu monetary and economic policies favor germany against south-european countries . 
  there is no reason to accept that situation continues . 
  saying it 's impossible to find policies that favor everyone instead of just a few is admitting the eu has failed already . 
  i love how you did n't mention the unfair liberal treaties destroying their economy . 
  that would be my first focus . 
  stop conditioning development money to opening their markets to our production and instead help them develop their local economy . 
  it 's stupid that 's it 's cheaper to buy a french imported frozen chicken that one that grew up there . 
  you do n't make their local economy blooming so that they have no reason to come here in false hope , but because it 's simply the right thing to do . 
  climate change is in the same vein . 
  anything we invest in helping african countries deal with the impacts of climate change mitigates the impact on populations and they have less reasons to migrate . 
  we have the technology , knowledge , engineer , etc ... dutch are pioneers due to their geography for example . 
  we can keep that for us and deal with increase migration or share it with them and help secure everyone where they live and are n't keen on leaving . 
  wars are trickier of course . 
  something important is transitioning out of oil and gas . 
  it may seem counter-intuitive at first , but by investing in clean energy and reducing your dependence on fossil fuels , and by extension need for wars in countries that posses that resource or pipelines . 
  iraq , afghanistan , syria , tomorrow iran ? , etc ... beyond that , yeah ca n't stop wars by finger snapping . 
  maybe more aggressive diplomacy in that direction instead of the blas\u00e9 attitude and fostering instability . 
  is something false just because putin 's says it ? 
  if you disagree that nato has a threatening and territorial attitude toward russia , i would love to hear that perspective from a geo-politic angle rather than `` putin said '' and perhaps revise my opinion . 
  an invisible screen that gives the illusion of real presence . 
  the hologram is moving on the ground , not fixed . 
  there is some debate as to what can be called hologram or not , but i do n't really care . 
  words evolve and take bigger meanings and that 's a hologram to me , i do n't feel like arguing technicalities is important here . 
  honestly he kinda has a thing against usa 's imperialistic policies that lack nuance , but his thing is saying that in international politics there is n't good or evil , there is only interest . 
  each countries does what they do first to protect their interest , and then if they can afford it to further their world vision . 
  as such , we should n't treat russia ( or the usa ) as evil , but as partners that have their specific interests , and we should be clear and independent about ours .
