  unless you 're ready to send in tanks . 
  you can threaten to destroy it 's economy for generations , which is basically what happened sunday , but that 's it . 
  and once again , politicians will talk about how `` we have to be brave and tell people the truth '' when it comes to destroying the welfare state , but dismiss this kind of report as `` not in phase with the reality on the ground '' or `` it 's not so simple '' . 
  your whole comment is sarcasm , right ? 
  it 's not even directly the laws . 
  it 's ordoliberalism , right-wing economic principles , proclaimed as absolute and unbendable . 
  outside of the reach of politics . 
  and the laws are build around these principles . 
  first and foremost in the european constitution . 
  you can lack acceptable alternative and still be dissatisfied with elected officials . 
  that 's why turnout rate is so low in france , everyone complains that every politician is shit , approval ratings are terrible , yet the same people get elected again and again . 
  and they 'll blame greece for not respecting it 's agreement . 
  let 's not forget here that the eurogroup is a purely informal group with no legal basis . 
  50b based in greece . 
  still , that sucks . 
  the live feed was buggy , could n't hear it all . 
  was debt relief agreed to by germany & co ? 
  it 's not even confusion . 
  from a certain perspective , what is happening in greece is a war , albeit an ideological one , and people who commit suicide are victims of this war . 
  the eu had no problem dealing with nd and pasok for 5 years . 
  because they obeyed , made the people bleed and did n't attack the oligarchy . 
  syriza is elected , they want to stop the bleeding and attack the oligarchy , and suddenly the successive governments are to blame ? 
  way to ditch past allies once they served their purpose . 
  if tomorrow a pasok/nd government was elected , they would sell their country and continue to bleed the people and not attack the oligarchy , with the contentment of the troika . 
  and even in the literal sense , it 's bad wording . 
  austerity caused a sharp increase in suicides in greece , and the severe consequences of a greece ejection from the eurozone will continue this trend . 
  greeks killing themselves . 
  literal bleeding . 
  patient # 4 became unbelievably sick after being ordered the treatment , so they must have done something with that medicine . 
  doctor did n't doubt their decision upon seing this and told patient # 4 to keep up with the medicine , with the same effect . 
  is patient # 4 a bad patient or is the doctor incompetent ? 
  should greece government implement reforms it does n't believe in because other countries government were elected on this basis ? 
  maybe we could all be adults and admit the institutions are failing and need to be rebuilt to be able to handle these situations democratically instead of blaming each other countries . 
  the medicine worked on patient # 1 , patient # 2 , patient # 3 , but not patient # 4 . 
  is the fault on patient # 4 , the medicine or the doctor ? 
  it 's neither an excuse nor a valid concern . 
  18 right-leaning governments do n't trust a left-leaning one to make right-wing reforms . 
  no shit . 
  this `` trust is lost '' charade is brussels speak for `` we have an ideological disagreement '' when there is no other excuse not to come to an agreement , nothing else . 
  i 'm young , 26 , and never had a european dream . 
  the european dream is something i learned about in school . 
  the generation out of the war wanting it to never happen again , they had the european dream . 
  their children , my parents , lived the dream . 
  that 's what i learned in school . 
  and , in some way , i was taught to worship this dream . 
  i was 16 in 2005 when france was asked by referendum if it wanted to adopt the treaty establishing a constitution for europe . 
  i was always interested in politics , at the left of the spectrum , and although i could n't vote i read the constitution . 
  what i saw sickened me . 
  constitutionalizing right-wing economic policies while only hoping for a better social union . 
  furthering the technocratic structure and reducing the democratic oversight of important decision . 
  what kind of madness was that ? 
  medias had yes propaganda 24/7 running for weeks . 
  no proponent were treated like scum . 
  i hoped the no won , and it did by a wide margin . 
  there i had a hope that we would rather build a union based on progressive social values instead of economic principles . 
  in 2007 sarkozy was elected and signed the treaty of lisbon , exact copy of the rejected constitution . 
  i never integrated the european dream they tried to teach us in school , but there i started to resent the european union . 
  i 'm a radical leftist . 
  probably more uncompromising than tsipras , but then i 'm not in charge of the politic and economic war-zone that is greece so i ca n't fault him . 
  i 'm deeply internationalist . 
  i want to see europe thrive with cooperation , exchange , increasing social progression and harmonization . 
  i never understood how some people could delude themselves into hoping for a federal union , but at the end of the day i probably want a lot of the same things as them . 
  i do n't like a union that makes us compete against each other . 
  i do n't like a union that reacts badly when syriza or podemos gains traction , but do n't really care when the extreme right is in power in hungary or nordic countries , or supports neo-nazi in the ukrainian government . 
  i do n't like a union were some big countries can bully little ones in the name of the european dream and `` solidarity '' and `` rules '' . 
  i do n't understand how anyone can fetishize the european union or a currency to the point of defending the indefensible . 
  there 's this quote by george carlin : `` the reason they call it the american dream is because you have to be asleep to believe it . '', 
  same could be told for the european dream . 
  it 's nice to dream , but at some point you have to wake up and deal with the ugly reality . 
  the european union as it stands as failed . 
  it ca n't be the basis for a democratic federal europe . 
  it ca n't be the basis for a social europe . 
  the european union as it stands needs to be dismantled and rebuilt from the ground up . 
  i never had the european dream and probably never will because i 'm to independent to let a dream limit me , but if anything we need to forget the old one and start having a new one . 
  as bad as staying short-term , a lot better long term . 
  independently from the reforms and how i hate they have to do that , i really hope there 's a clause that says they become effective only if they get debt relief . 
  one thing is that when they arrived in power the condition set by the troika to start negociations was that greece does not make any reform without the troika 's permission . 
  the other is that they obviously do n't want to commit to austerity if they have no guarantee of debt relief . 
  if the eurogroup does n't deliver , they 'll be happy to make the left-wing reforms they want instead of the right-wing their asked . 
  we really need to learn to ignore failed politician . 
  if nicolas sarkozy did n't get the memo or is populist enough to bring it up again , i 'm willing to bet some people here would benefit from it being reposted . 
  it was made after nicolas sarkozy repeated in a prime time interview the common trope that `` the problem is that people do n't work enough in greece . 
  according to french news channels , yep , you 've nailed it . 
  if orban 's hungary and tsipras 's greece proves anything , it 's that the eu is a lot more agreeable with the nationalistic right than with the radical left . 
  oh , i wonder why ... / s, 
   if the program had been implemented as assumed , no further debt relief would have been needed `` we are right , in fact we can not be wrong , so if greece needs debt relief it 's solely because they did n't fully implement the program . 
  our models predicted that greece should be in a much better situation , if they are n't it 's surely because they did something wrong . '', 
  blame greece all you want , they do have some work to do , but the blind faith put in creditor 's plans and the refusal to question if they might have been not well suited to the greece situation is crazy . 
  i see the argument thrown around that other countries benefited from the imf or troika austerity plans and are doing well now , so if greece is not it must be their fault . 
  that 's like a doctor saying that their medicine worked well on plenty of patient , so if one patient react badly it must be the patient fault . 
  no , maybe the medicine is not well suited to that particular patient , and doctor and patient should figure out an alternative treatment instead of the doctor trying to force their medicine on an agonizing patient begging for them to stop . 
   i think he said something like the eu has always grown in crises . 
  [ the shock doctrine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_shock_doctrine ) . 
  something interesting i heard today from thomas piketty that i never had heard before is that germany actually makes money in this whole ordeal . 
  here 's the full [ video ] ( http://webapp.zdf.de/beitrag?aid=2442384&amp;title=interview-mit-thomas-piketty-%28franz%29 ) , in french , by german public tv zdf . 
  maybe someone can find it in german . 
  the usual argument is that it 's taxpayer money that is send to greece , and that people are tired to pay for greece . 
  of course it 's not directly taxpayer money that germany and other countries lend to greece . 
  germany borrows money and lends it to greece itself . 
  the thing is , germany borrows money at a lower rate than the one they lend to greece .
