  history happens . 
  the situation is not healthy and has to evolve for sure . 
  taxi licenses are free . 
  the number of issued licenses are limited because taxis themselves demanded it to avoid flooding the market with drivers and lowering prices . 
  the expensive license price is the result of taxis own speculation when they resell their licenses . 
  really , taxis complaint about uber are somewhat legitimate , but their shitty situation is their own doing . 
  i 'm do n't personally agree with uber 's attitude as well . 
  tsipras said it will give greece a better position in negotiations . 
  more a legitimacy in saying `` fuck you '' to the ez . 
  there will be decisions to be made by each party : - how does greece decides to handle its liquidity problem ? 
  if the ecb refuses to provide euros , it 's a de facto exclusion from the ez and greece will have to issue drachma sooner rather than later . 
  if the ecb provides euros , there 's probably negociations going on . 
  - how do creditors handle the greek default ? 
  do they write off the money as lost , or do they attempt last minute negotiations to mitigate the damages ? 
  at this point does greece even want to negociate ? 
  markets want stability and reliability , not show of power . 
  i do n't really know the legal possibilities and ramifications . 
  i think uber plans on complaining to the european commission about the taxi monopoly and ask that france be forced to liberalize the sector . 
  several years of legal battles . 
  more realistically there will probably be a law to legalize and organize the activity somehow , and make a distinction between uber-style transportation and taxis . 
  steps in this direction have already been taken . 
  from what i understand , uber has professional drivers that are perfectly legal , and casual drivers that just use the uberpop platform to get in relation with people needing a lift . 
  these casual drivers are not salaried by uber and pay them a fee . 
  they do n't pay any taxes and do n't get any state benefit over this activity . 
  it 's basically under the table work , with uber making a profit , which is illegal . 
  undeclared employment . 
  greece can live without the euro . 
  can the euro survive a country leaving it ? 
  yeah , it 's probably gon na be messy , but that 's what the institutions should say nevertheless . 
  because it 's the greek opposition job to do so . 
  european institutions should not go one step further than `` we acknowledge that greece will have a referendum , even if we hoped it did n't come to that , and hope that whatever the result is we will all handle the consequences calmly and orderly . '', 
  * please respond ... *, 
  he is n't trying to save greece . 
  he is trying to save the euro . 
  so if a country is in trouble , it gets money on the condition that it accepts to implement a list of reform dictated by the ez ? 
  where have i seen this before and why do i have the feeling it 's only going to make things worse ? 
  now we 're talking . 
  there 's a lot more ramification with the rest of the world watching the shitshow go down and themselves taking measures against the ez/eu due to instability and loss of credibility . 
  also the rest of the european people that will have to make their mind on if they are ok with this kind of europe or if they want out . 
  i 'm a lot less certain than you that greece wo n't issue euros , but thank you for entertaining the thought and answering . 
  thousands of company or small business owners that ask tens of thousands of mid-level managers to train millions of retail and restaurants workers . 
  that 's assuming all these people involved , particularly those handling the cash actually care about the issue and remember to check . 
  what if you pay the restaurant or bar by leaving cash on the table and no one has time to check before you leave ? 
  there are bound to be * a lot * if not most of greek euros that wo n't be screened and refused . 
  and if each country central bank threatens to refuse business owners that try to cash in greek issued euros , that will mean losses for the businesses . 
  probably not enough to make a real difference , so they wo n't even bother to check anyway . 
  and if business owners ca n't cash in their greek issued euros , it does n't mean it wo n't keep circulating in the local economy . 
  there is no realistic scenario in which greek issued euros wo n't be absorbed by the ez and accepted as valid currency . 
  your candor is refreshing . 
  such as ? 
  the person at the gas station or the supermarket thousands of km away and not really up-to-date with the drama is going to check the serial number ? 
  what happens when a greek crosses the border and uses his euros outside of the country ? 
  what happens to the tourist who pays for something in `` valid '' euros and gets the change in `` invalid '' euros ? 
  so what ? 
  counterfeit because the rest of the ez says it is ? 
  what happens then ? 
  when millions of supposedly counterfeit euros are injected in the economy and start circulating on a local level to sustain the economy ? 
  what if it crosses borders ? 
  people , instead of saying greece ca n't print euros , stop the denial and answer the question : what if they do ? 
  greek government is well within their right to ask or force the bank of greece to print euros if the ecb refuses to provide liquidity . 
  it 's not economy at this point , it 's pure politic . 
  so speculation , that 's what i thought . 
  we do n't know that yet . 
  greece very much wants to stay even in the eventuality of a no . 
  do you have insider info on how the ez plans to kick greece out ? 
  but at least it gives greece freedom to choose its future independently from policies dictated by other countries . 
  short term mess , long term sustainability vs long term mess . 
  [ +324 ] obama clearly does n't know his economic basics . 
  [ +812 ] did nobody tell obama that it was the corrupt and lazy greeks fault and their incompetent governments that their in this mess and they deserve anything that comes to them ? 
  [ +274 ] the us should pay for the debt then !!, 
  [ +93 ] that 's nice and all but maybe he could have said it sooner . 
  [ -40 ] you see , if even obama says so ... [ -228 ] obama , one guy with more sense than the entire eurozone combined . 
  i do n't know about the intolerance of the refugees , but what about the intolerance of the school ? 
  it 's slut shaming by the school as clear as it comes and the refugees are just the perfect excuse to blame it on arabs . 
  remember folks , feminism is important for burka-wearing women in saudi arabia . 
  not europe , no sir . 
  saudi arabia . 
  we tend to get downvoted to hell on / r/europe , so i guess most of us just shut up because we are clearly unwelcome . 
  [ another thread you might be interested in . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bb60k/lets_assume_greece_denies_the_austerity_measures/ ), 
   the capable people already have well-paid jobs . 
  well the obvious one is cutting the ecb liquidity to greek banks as they did to cyprus not to long ago . 
  no more money at the atm , forcing the greek governement to either ask its central bank to issue euros or drachma . 
  if they choose euros the eurozone will probably say they do n't have the right and at this point its greece vs the eurozone battling to see who can violate the more treaties to save their own skin . 
  if they choose drachma , it 's a de facto exclusion of greece from the eurozone , which ca n't be legally done without exiting the eu , so we 'll so how that goes ... they could also unilaterally revoke agreements previously made with greece , putting it in an even more difficult position . 
  declare greece persona non grata and decide what could be a kind of embargo on the country , cutting it 's supply on essentials until it accepts the eurogroup proposal . 
  really , i have no doubt they would be very imaginative and are planning what to do right now . 
  you mean that the 25 % unemployment rate in greece means that a quarter of the active population are good-for-nothings ? 
  and that those who do n't have well-paid jobs are are incapable ? 
  they 'll be happy to hear that . 
  they violate the treaties when it suits them , as they did several times to save greece actually . 
  violating the treaties to take measures against greece is a very natural option for them . 
  it 's not like refusing the proposal means an immediate positive for greece . 
  it just mean that the greeks wo n't accept austerity measures for the bailout money . 
  that 's all . 
  people tend to forget that the creditors accept the risk of a default when they loan money . 
  that 's why there 's an interest rate . 
  you ca n't ask for an interest rate and then come whining when the people you loaned to ca n't reimburse . 
  you played and you lost . 
  if the no wins , it just means that the troika has to come up with something else then austerity measures if they want to see their money back ( and do n't forget that what we see here is essentially the imf transfering to the ecb and vice versa , pure banking footnotes , the greeks never see that money ) .
