  le pen wants a outright frexit . 
  m\u00e9lenchon wants the treaties to ease up on mandatory austerity to allow more economic freedom to countries . 
  if other countries do n't even want to talk , he 's in favor of frexit . 
  if they do want to talk , the result of negotiations will be left to a referendum : whatever change he could negotiate or frexit . 
  `` eu or war '' has to be the most stupid liberal propaganda ever . 
  it 's pretty insulting to europeans to believe that 's true . 
  macron and fillon are n't the most pro-eu , they 're the most pro-status-quo . 
  whether that 's a good think or not is entirely up to preference . 
  not at all . 
  macron is liberalism with sprinkles of welfare , m\u00e9lenchon is uncompromisingly socialist . 
  moderates might find macron too cozy with corporate interests and not left enough , while also find m\u00e9lenchon to hard-liner and dangerous . 
  i mean , if i was a moderate , i 'd rather vote m\u00e9lenchon and hope he only does half of what he promises than vote macron and hope he does at least half of what he promised left-wise , but i 'm biased and i understand it 's not as easy for moderates . 
  not that i like calling people moderates anyway , it implies a centrist/moderate position is necessarily a good thing . 
  depends on your economic stance . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is socialist and internationalist , so expect redistribution and regulation . 
  le pen is liberal-nationalist , so expect heavy regulation toward the outside ( if she 's true to her word , but i 'm skeptic ) and deregulation inside . 
  pick your preference . 
  the closer , the more choice and the easier to criticize . 
  the further , the less control and the more vague . 
   this is what is ~ ~ worrying ~ ~ satisfying about the polls . 
  ftfy, 
   [ the icc has the jurisdiction to prosecute individuals for the international crimes of genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_criminal_court ) so we have to keep in mind that the icc is not for petty crime . 
  that being said , the two most obvious targets for the icc would be the usa and russia , but they withdrew their signature , most probably because they knew they would get dragged there sooner rather than later . 
  i wish there was some way to hold these countries leaders accountable , like revoking their un veto rights or something similar if they do n't sign and ratify membership to the icc , but it does n't seem on the table for the foreseeable future . 
  icc does n't go after european countries because the criteria are strict . 
  for examples , there have been accusations of rape by french soldiers deployed in africa . 
  but , to be prosecuted , the crime must be [ `` committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population , with knowledge of the attack '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_criminal_court#crimes_against_humanity ) . 
  i have no idea what `` widepread '' or `` with knowledge '' mean in legal terms . 
  it obviously includes mass-rape with knowledge or instruction of the chain of command , but does it include a few individuals acting sporadically with only their n +1 pushing it under the rug ? 
  do n't forget [ admissibility ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_criminal_court#admissibility ) : '' ** the principle of complementarity means that the court will only prosecute an individual if states are unwilling or unable to prosecute . 
  ** therefore , if legitimate national investigations or proceedings into crimes have taken place or are ongoing , the court will not initiate proceedings . '', 
  effectively , the icc replaces the justice system of countries where it is failing . 
  `` western countries '' have problems with their justice systems , and i will be the first to accept western country 's part in the institutional failings in africa , but the fact is either we prosecute war crimes or you ca n't drag us to the icc because it was committed by the usa or russia . 
  as it is , you can consider the icc has three functions : - allow countries with institutional difficulties prosecute war criminals . 
  - point out which countries want to keep their options open to committing war crimes , or already do so actively ( usa , russia , china , some african , middle-east and asian countries , ... ) - serve as a coal mine canary : if a country withdraws it 's signature , it 's a sign its about to get shady . 
  i honestly think it 's commendable for african countries to stay in the icc despite there being little accountability for other and especially bigger nations . 
  it sets an example and forces a region that can be unstable to higher standards . 
  i do n't think the problem is the icc targeting exclusively african leaders , i think the problem is other countries not having the same incentive to not commit war crimes and thinking they can get away with it . 
  i 'll reiterate my wish for countries that are n't members to lose some power at the un . 
  veto power if it was possible , but any other kind where african countries can put pressure . 
  another effective pressure area would be trade treaties . 
  eu countries are members of the icc . 
  maybe african countries could focus their trade with countries that are members and phase out commerce with the us for example until they are members as well . 
  i 'm sure the eu would be more than happy picking up the slack , you would know you 're trading with partners willing to be held accountable on war crimes , and if the us wanted to keep trading they 'd have to be the same . 
  i think the icc allowing you to point out hypocrisy in the world does n't make it any less of a chance for africa . 
  or you know , people are n't dumb , know what economic liberalism is , know it 's danger and do n't like it . 
  liberalism as an ideology does n't set a prescribed frontier . 
  it can be the whole world , as you seem to interpret it , or it can be a subregion , like the eu or just a country . 
  inside that region , liberal rules of freedom of association and free-market apply , but it is more heavily regulated when stepping outside that region . 
  a socialist subregion would look nothing like a liberal subregion . 
  liberal-nationalist . 
  free for all inside the countries border . 
  good point . 
   le pen is far-right with far-left economic policies le pen is far-right with far-right economic policies . 
  economically , she 's liberal , capitalist , nationalist . 
  just because she keeps enough welfare to support her populist proposals ( that exclude non-nationals resident ) does n't make her far-left . 
  at this point i think / u/xbettel does it to piss people off . 
  nuclearists live in an alternate reality . 
  next up : this vegan butcher will tell you why meat is the best food for your health . 
   no one is saying , melenchon ca n't push through his agenda , just that he should n't expect other countries to follow . 
  you see , that 's exactly the problem . 
  reality is the exact opposite to what it 's perceived and reported at and propaganda repeats itself . 
  germany does want to force a socialist france to implement it 's policies , because they are enshrined in the treaties , and m\u00e9lenchon does n't want to impose his policies in germany , simply be allowed to implement them in france without having to disobey an ( in his eyes ) illegitimate treaty . 
  the retort some people have is that in order for france to implement socialist policies , germany must necessarily scale back on its own conservative-liberal policies , because eu intertwining . 
  from there you 've got two choices : you 're fine with german imperialism and that france should forfeit its economic policy to german approval , or you 're for domestic sovereignty and you believe the eu is legitimate only as long as it does n't allow one country to strongarm another on something as fundamental as economic policy . 
  because that 's the problem . 
  france ca n't have a socialist policy because germans ensured through eu treaties , with the collaboration of past liberal french presidents , that it would be forbidden . 
  do you think it 's normal and democratic that the treaties are partisan on such an issue ? 
  [ that socialism is considered an undemocratic choice ? 
  same . 
  like , is it so hard to imagine liberals love to demonize them way beyond any horror they actually did , and that in a context of socialism being driven underground , socialists would rather look at friends and inspiration where they can , with a healthy dose of distance and criticism where necessary like m\u00e9lenchon had ( but you never hear about it because that 's not the story that sells ) , rather than join liberals in damning them to hell ? 
  is political camaraderie in the face of adversity so hard to understand ? 
  do n't you have political figures you do n't approve certain actions or policies , but if they were under constant barrage of insults and what you perceive as lies , you 'd defend what you think was positive about what they did ? 
  what about it ? 
  castrism had its problems and its successes . 
  in a context , at his death , where everyone was pointing out his problems , real or imaginary , m\u00e9lenchon deemed as a fellow socialist his position was to point out his successes . 
  you do n't get to decide for other peoples who their idols are , especially when they repeatedly told and explained why they were n't and criticized them . 
  lol no . 
  i 'm tired of people blaming left-wing movements for supposedly breaking the eu instead of conservative germans . 
   either political integration catches up with economic integration , or economic integration needs to be scaled back . 
  as long as this decision is evaded , the eu will remain dysfunctional . 
  the key . 
  and frankly , because germany refuses to let economic policies be a matter of vote and prefers it is removed from people 's reach in the treaties , the solution is n't political integration but scaling back on economic integration . 
  only when germany is ready to let its past trauma go and forget doctrine can we move forward with eu political integration . 
  how about ecosocialist-internationalism ? 
  alternate title : `` nato 's actions weakens french presidential candidates support . '', 
  i 'm not sure what you think the absence of market is . 
  if france and germany and other eu countries ca n't get around a table to talk about a eu that benefits everyone instead of just a few , and does n't force economic policies on countries as it does now , then it deserves to die too , and on its ashes people , not politicians , will rebuild a new one . 
  forget about the fear mongering and you 'll be much more relaxed . 
  not everything has to be a market . 
  you can have financing directly from local and central banks and forbidding any market speculation . 
  [ you 've got that right . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/64x0cy/france_is_angry_the_left_must_show_europe_that/ )  god save us from guardian opinion pieces . .  `` bigotry '' encompasses everything the far-left guardian op-edders do n't personally ascribe to . 
  you might be confusing financial markets with finance . 
  financial markets dying wo n't make financing cease to exist . 
  if financial markets ca n't absorb someone as tame as m\u00e9lenchon , maybe they 're not as formidable as liberals say and need to die anyway . 
  i love the smell of foreign media panicking . 
  what does a `` trendy/young '' german first name looks like ? 
  disobedience to force the treaties to change without leaving .
