  the eu could be any of those two things , or anything else . 
  you 're defending countries right to do shitty yet unpopular things within the current framework , and stretch it 's limit to find out how shitty they can be . 
  i 'm defending countries right to do progressive things outside of the current framework . 
  both are disagreements . 
  that 's how they compare . 
  obviously they have no power outside their jurisdiction . 
  domestically , as far as i can tell they 'd love to make their interpretation of the bible the rule of law , no disagreements allowed . 
  you seem smart enough to not need me to outline what liberties are at risk . 
  their allies in other countries are trying to do the same , and by allies i 'm talking about ethno-nationalists in every country around the world that believe religion should govern people . 
  my point is that you seem to value disagreement within the eu as a healthy thing , and that disagreeing with merkel 's approach of the eu does n't mean one is anti-eu , and i 'd agree with all that , yet you use regressive governments as symbols of healthy dissent when you could use people trying to make a real positive difference instead of a selfish isolationist one . 
  i 'm talking about how papadreaou was ousted for suggesting a referendum , tsipras was bullied into submission , how spain and portugal were chastised for not going as hard with austerity as the eu-wanted , etc ... there are plenty of examples of countries being shit on for trying to distance themselves from germany in a progressive direction , yet you feel the need to defend countries that want to distance themselves in an authoritarian , theocratic and isolationist manner . 
  questioning your priorities and how you frame your critic is all . 
  the only thing making the word nazi lose it 's meaning is people refusing to call nazi nazis . 
  if you call leaving up comments saying muslims/migrants = inferior/rapists , that they should be rounded up and sent to camps , or even that migrants that commit crimes should be shot dead or hanged , i 'd hate to see what kind of cesspool this sub would be with light moderation . 
  note that these comments get quite upvoted , this sub is liberal/eu-nationalist , nothing left-wing . 
   left-wing  anti-migrant pick one . 
  the lisbon treaty prevents fiscal and social harmonization because it stands against free trade , be it explicitly or by deadlocking such decisions on an unanimity rule that is in practice unattainable because you 'll never have 27 socialist/progressive governments at the same time . 
  effectively , the only harmonization there is is toward lower taxes and social standards because countries are competing against each others . 
  the european commission also controls national budgets and can fine countries that do n't follow guidelines , such as the `` no more than 3 % deficit rule '' . 
  i 'm not sure it ever followed through , but it sure has the possibility and threatens to . 
  countries that want to part with austerity and have aggressive investment policies get slapped on the hand and brought back in line . 
  also the lisbon treaty says the ecb is independent and ca n't print money for eu-wide investment policies , which should be a matter left to democratic deliberation instead of outright forbidden . 
  the lisbon treaty puts free trade above progressive policies , so if you want to implement progressive policies that infringe on free trade you need to inverse the hierarchy , disobeying the lisbon treaty . 
  that 's why any left-wing party worth its salt is portrayed as anti-eu when they just want a different eu . 
  i absolutely blame sarkozy and hollande , it was their responsibility to fight for different policies , but they agree with merkel or are too weak to argue so it 's logical it did n't happen . 
  at the same time , fighting for different policies means disobeying the lisbon treaty , and if you suggest that in this sub you 're painted as anti-eu , so the disagreement line is very fine . 
  uh , no . 
  the whole point of representative democracy is you chose what 's best for you and you elect people that carry out what you decided . 
  your mindset is exactly what 's wrong with western democracy , so many people forgot that people are in charge and should be all the time , not just once every few years for elections and then politicians get to do what they want without consequences . 
  which is a wrong thing to imply . 
  the eu is n't intrinsically good or bad for europe . 
  there 's thinking differently than germany , and then there 's injecting religion into politics and authoritarianism . 
  you want to defend freedom of opinion and politics in the eu , maybe do so without defending backward governments like the polish and hungarian ones that would like nothing more than strip us of that very freedom . 
  people can be emancipated at 16 , be parents at 16 , have a job and pay taxes at 16 , under condition be tried as adults at 16 , drive at 16 , but yet ca n't vote at 16 . 
  it 's time it changed . 
  i agree with the sentiment , but no brussels technocrats are n't satisfying french people . 
  we need money and investments and that 's a big no in their book , we still suffer from austerity , though admittedly not to the extent southern countries have . 
  hahaha , no , my side thinks the eu is an economic construct whose job is to cement liberalism and competition inside europe and works against the union of people and progress for all . 
  liberals pretend it 's a peace construct as a way to mask it 's economic and antisocial goals and paint anyone who criticizes the eu as anti-peace . 
  nationalists think it 's a globalist conspiracy , yada yada ... and eu-nationalists are usually liberals who happen to be racist and despair that their brussels technocrat overlords are n't as racist as them . 
  it has nothing to do with people with a different opinion . 
  specific groups of people use specific words with specific meanings . 
  case in point , alt-right & associates use `` virtue signaling '' as an insulting synonym for `` showing the bare minimum of human decency '' . 
  the fact that this person also has no problem with `` rounding up people to put them in camps '' kinda helps me characterize their ideology too . 
  alt-right neo-nazi . 
  but hey , do n't have me stop you from assuming left-wing people are incapable of rational though , it 's so much easier to believe your political opponents are mindless idiots . 
   virtue signaling aaaand , i 'm talking to an alt-right neo-nazi . 
  that 'll teach me not checking people 's history again before engaging . 
  you should n't trust it , but the other way around . 
  pollsters have been caught with their pants down underestimating le pen for years now , so they 're probably overestimating her this time . 
  macron is a media-darling bubble , pollsters are his friends , and they 're most probably also overestimating him to make him seem like the only alternative . 
  expect them to be lower then poll suggest . 
  on one hand , i agree , on the other hand , macron is a proto-eurofascist himself , so that wo n't make people go out and vote . 
  i might have wanted to answer you seriously if you did n't go of the rails with that `` hundred of millions '' fear-mongering delusion . 
  okay , maybe a hint . 
  there will only be hundred of millions of migrants wanting to come to europe if we continue to pillage their country , refusing them to develop their domestic economy in an independent manner , and if we do n't help them deal with climate change . 
  i 'll drop the sarcasm then . 
  nazis had plenty of way of rationalizing how they treated jews , homosexuals , romani people , et al. 
  and why they should be rounded up and sent to camps . 
  it does n't matter your reasons , the result is you 're treating people who just want to live decently like criminals and animals . 
  you do n't want economic migrants and wished they got back to their country ? 
  fine , advocate for policies that develop their countries so that they have incentives to go back . 
  ( hint : the eu and other countries should stop asking that they remove all economic barriers , leaving the domestic economy ready to be devastated by foreign interests . ), 
  do n't ask that they be put in what amounts to prisons for the crime of trying to live a decent life . 
  be human , will you ? 
  while i agree with your analysis , let 's be honest , le pen 's disdain for the eu is based on nationalism rather than advocacy of fairness and equality . 
  they both want to change or leave the eu for very different reasons . 
  hamon 's legitimacy comes entirely from the base , not the party . 
  if he does n't make a move before the first round , the party will blame him for the loss and he 'll be politically dead , or at least he 'll never get close to a leadership position . 
  if he honestly wants to implement his policies , it 's as m\u00e9lenchon pm or never . 
  what 's devastating for the ps is the hollande presidency , and the party leaders refusing to support hamon and flocking to macron in hopes of future government seats . 
  if hamon is smart , he refuses to to be the scapegoat for the socialist party and helps m\u00e9lenchon win , otherwise he 's politically done for . 
  wow it 's like a holiday village then ? 
  free food , free accommodations , privacy , free education , free leasures , etc ... that 's awesome !, 
  [ i really had the wrong idea about such places . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=centre+de+r\u00e9tention&amp;tbm=isch ) why would they want to leave ? 
  can i go too ? 
  round them up . 
  deport to camps . 
  men , women , children . 
  indefinite period of time . 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
   but experts still ca n't agree on whether menstrual cycles should constitute an economic and labor issue . 
  i do n't understand that . 
  painful periods seem like a health issue and be treated as such , like some people might get accommodations for other health problems that might impact their work . 
  if you treat it as an economic issue and just look at your balance sheet , you 'll always find reasons to discriminate against some people or others . 
  if you treat it as a health issue , which it is , the debate becomes about ethics and how everyone deserves to work and have society do it 's best to accommodate for various conditions . 
  you just need to frame the debate in the right perspective and refuse to let accountants derail it . 
  seriously , the guy wants migrants to be rounded up and deported to camps , and you need someone to point you to the edgy part ? 
  smh . 
  `` remember people , the eu is a peace construct after the horror of nazism . 
  now lot me tell you about about our superior culture and how i wish we round up migrants in camps , men , women and children , for indefinite periods of time before sending them back to whatever country . 
  peace and superior i tell you ! '', 
  i totally understand yes . 
  it 's hard to empathize with russians when so many either support putin or are simply apathetic about the situation . 
  that it 's normal to worry about ourselves first before worrying about others , more-so when they might be part of the reason for our difficulties . 
  my hope is that by making a clear difference between what we think of putin and his policies and what we think of russian people in general , we can understand each others better , appear more similar and reduce that hate and animosity we can have toward one another . 
  and that without it and domestic support our respective leaders have a harder time transforming that animosity into war . 
  and hopefully one day vote or put in power by other means people who would rather work peacefully together . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't need to be realist and prepared for the worst , just that we do n't need to blame russians as a whole for that , and that our daily struggles and hopes are similar .
