  one important caveat : gender parity in candidates means nothing if they are not fairly distributed in winnable districts . 
  you can have as much men and women candidates but put the women in unwinnable districts and you 'll still have majority male assembly . 
  being mindful of how winnable a district is when choosing candidates and their gender / other socioeconomic traits is important . 
  a diverse assembly is more important than diverse candidates . 
  you should start with that next time . 
  let 's get to the point then : are you arguing that homosexuality and transgenderism ( or for that matter any gender/sexual orientation variance from cis-het ) are harmful to human society ? 
  thankfully , though language shapes one 's imagination , we are n't confined by it . 
  it has been handled by surgeries on babies to forge them a penis or vulva from their ambiguous genitalia , often leading to lifelong trauma when the sex they were assigned at random did n't match the gender they ended up identifying with . 
  it 's exactly why we need a `` neutral '' box aside for male and female at birth . 
  so that intersex babies and kids are n't pressured into a gender that are n't theirs and we can let them manifest it on their own . 
   it 's always great when people who did high school biology believe that what they learned is the pinnacle of science which is as relevant today as it was when they were at school . 
  it 's incredible really . 
  nobody would comment on an article about string theory that people who believe in it are deluded attention-seekers and that we should just stick to good old einstein relativity models . 
  nobody would comment on an article about mathematical formulas explaining gas behavior that it 's all rambling . 
  yet when it comes to sex and gender and how they feed into biology , neurology or psychology , fields that have just as much to discover as physics or mathematics , every asshole the earth produces has to come out of their shithole and repeat one after another that `` there is only 2 genders/sex determined by chromosome '' . 
  these people that think they 're the epitome of rationality ** \u2122 ** just shut down their brain when it comes to that topic , and not only that they feel the need to make everyone aware they shut down their brain and shit on other people 's happiness . 
  because the constitution grants everyone the equal right to dignity , and denying even a handful of people to be legally recognized as who they are and knowingly classifying them in a way that alienates them is refusing them that dignity . 
  remember folks wanting radically better redistribution of wealth is as reproachable as wanting violent ethnic segregation . 
  quality / r/badeconomics rant right here . 
  what do you mean `` taxation '' ? 
  you ca n't `` tax money '' . 
  the difference with euros would be that france would have control of the currency instead of the ecb , and by extension german/northern-eu ordo-liberalism . 
  everyone indeed agrees that such a move would devalue the franc of about 20 % if i remember correctly , and after that there are those who think it will put france in a slump and those who think it will allow france to improve it 's economy in the long run . 
  she obviously could n't force other countries to abandon the euro , given it does n't collapse on its own . 
  that being said , i 'm sure other countries would rather trade with france in euros than in franc , so they 'd continue to do so . 
  if each country or the entire ez wanted to forbid it , they surely could , but it does n't seem economically sound to me . 
  greece tried to do that at the last crisis , threatened to print out their own greek money and continue to deal in euros with other countries . 
  it got shut down because greece did n't have the weight , but if france does it what could other countries do ? 
  forbid france to print it 's own money ? 
  stop trade with france as retaliation ? 
  i 'm not supporting her or this solution , just saying that serious people have thought this kind of thing out and using it to call her crazy is misinformed . 
  still have legislative elections . 
  every lapdog from the ps and lr hoping to be part of macron 's majority will go pledge allegiance to the new king and hope to get elected with his blessing , how 's that for a shitshow . 
  having a common currency ( common euros ) + national currency ( francs , deutschmark , ... ) instead of an unique currency ( unique euros ) is a pretty old transpartisan idea . 
  go on any thread about refugees / islam / terrorism and you 'll see people circlejerk about how there needs to be eu borders to protect `` european culture '' , i. e. white culture , from being `` invaded by an incompatible muslim culture '' . 
   earth is flat , get over it . 
  ] ( http://rense.com/general37/char.htm ) get over it . 
  the only thing that legitimizes them is people like you who refuse to label them for what they are , so others see them as acceptable . 
  stop shielding them . 
  label them correctly . 
   fascism = genocide oh boy , no wonder proto-fascism is on the rise ... 
   it just does not support racist fear-mongering backed by putin and other who wan na exploit current situation to destroy europe . 
  white nationalism on the other hand , especially on / r/europe , it supports very well . 
  he is n't liked , most of his votes were tactical and not supportive . 
  if you refuse to call proto-fascists fascists , everyone is going to be surprised once they 're in power . 
  stop . 
  her meetings get plenty of live airtime . 
  le pen is a nationalist liberal capitalist . 
  nothing left wing . 
  the bare welfare she supports is discriminatory toward foreign residents . 
  i 'm not justifying or advocating violence , i 'm contextualizing it . 
  french police has a history of violence against peaceful protests , even more so in recent years . 
  edit : [ probably agitators being filtered out of the protest by an `` innocent police '' . 
  the problem is , the state has the legitimate use of violence and protesters only react to that . 
  there is a fraction of protesters that will be violent no matter what , but the more state violence , the more legitimized they are . 
  it 's on the part that holds the legitimate use of violence , that is the state , to deescalate . 
  acknowledge errors and take steps toward social peace . 
  successive governments have done the exact opposite and doubled down , leading to murders , mutilations and rape in the past years ( though mutilations are a constant for the past decade ) . 
  maybe they are set ablaze because politicians order them to be violent . 
  wtf is this hyperbole ? 
  they can vote how they want . 
  i 'm just contextualizing your `` innocent police '' comment . 
  of course that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that the image of an `` innocent police '' is entirely subjective and the fact that the police votes far-right in such proportion makes is a very polarizing topic . 
  i do n't think people craft and throw molotov 's randomly and for fun . 
  i think they know exactly who they 're targeting and why . 
  white supremacism being misogynistic and `` virtue signaling '' being alt-right lingo are facts , it should n't be controversial . 
  people downvoting facts and commenting with racist or sexist biotruth like you in this thread also post racist and sexist things in other threads . 
  there is a rule against that . 
  if the mods did their job and moderated correctly , you would n't feel welcomed to spout your bullshit . 
  they have such a loose definition of what racism and sexism is that you can spout you racism and sexism freely . 
  feeling at home , you 're here to downvote facts and create alternative-truths . 
  it 's not indicative of a normal healthy big subreddit . 
   innocent police precisely because the police is seen as complicit in her being so high . 
  more than 50 % of police and army personnel vote for the fn . 
  and i guess that 's a first round stat , so even higher second round . 
  they are not perceived as friendly peace-keepers , especially the riot police that has a history of violence . 
  edit : [ `` innocent police '' . 
  do n't try to regurgitate things you do n't understand . 
  / r/badscience, 
  - a core tenet of white-supremacism is `` whiteness '' and `` race purity '' , the idea that `` white is better '' and white women having sex with non-white people are dirtying themselves and that becoming pregnant from such relationships is traitorous . 
  white women are seen as white-men 's property and right . 
  - `` virtue signaling '' is used in alt-right circles to put down people having a basic sense of decency and doing the right thing . 
  alt-right members are so cynic and sociopathic they ca n't understand how people could do the right thing if it does n't benefit them personally and immediately , thus projecting their own behavior onto others : `` if someone is doing something decent , they ca n't possibly simply be a decent person , they are as cynic and selfish as me , they must be trying to appear better , more virtuous then they really are , to try and reap benefit from it '' . 
  alt-right . 
  anything other you require substantive explanations of ? 
   virtue signal spotted the alt-right member . 
  edit : confirmed by post history . 
  interesting to see the gap in score between men and women of all ages . 
  really indicative that white-supremacism is inherently a misogynistic movement by-men-for-men . 
  edit : mods , my comments here being `` controversial '' going into negative should really make you question the state of this subreddit and who you allowed to find a home here . 
  hypocritical subreddit . 
  like . 
  the week before the first round , m\u00e9lenchon was the main target , not le pen . 
  the week after the first round , m\u00e9lenchon was still the main target , not le pen . 
  and he stayed silent until friday , letting everyone hate on him and his voters . 
  he addresses the situation in a calm and interesting ( whatever your opinion on his program ) 32mn video for his youtube followers . 
  bloomberg spins that as `` m\u00e9lenchon attacks macron '' . 
  fake news . 
  so like liberalism ?
