  if you 're in a relationship and tell your partner `` we need to talk '' and they shut you down instead of sitting and speaking , you have nothing to do in a relationship with them . 
  he does n't want to blackmail , that 's misrepresentation to make him look bad . 
  he just wants to open a discussion about several topics that need change in the eu . 
  if other countries do n't even want to talk , yeah , he 's ready to leave because we do n't have to tolerate the disrespect . 
  but other countries are sensible so we 'll talk about what we could change in the eu , and m\u00e9lenchon will submit to referendum whatever change the eu can agree on . 
  if it 's enough for french people , we stay , if its not , we leave , but it 's french people that will decide , not m\u00e9lenchon alone in his office . 
  i translated his program about that and will post it tomorrow at a more affluent time . 
  only if you still want to embarrass yourself . 
  no , up till now the standard stance on cannabis has been harsh repression . 
  only recently has it started to change . 
  at least it would clarify things . 
  who do we blame for our problems , bankers or migrants ? 
  the only thing they have in common is being against the eu status quo , and even then they have totally different goals and strategies for what to do . 
  almost everyone , but it 's not as easy to do depending on who you are . 
  m\u00e9lenchon called her a fascist , got sued , won on the ground not that the court assessed her as a fascist , but that being permitted to call her that was par for the course for a healthy democratic debate . 
  journalists could be more incisive , but they probably fear being sued too and are probably less protected than other politicians . 
  i 'm sure they 'd find plenty of historians of politics to support the idea if in a nuanced fashion . 
  the state of journalism being atrocious to complicit in france , they are unsurprisingly tame in their critics . 
  what truly bothers me is everyday folks on internet forums . 
  we should be able to name things as they are . 
  call cats cats . 
  yet as demonstrated by jooana , there 's always someone to shield fascists from being called what they are . 
  they 're rarely called out on it too . 
  just a few days ago on a thread about migrants , a few commenters suggested we `` round them up and put them into camps '' , their words . 
  so i obviously pointed out the closeness to nazism , and it 's me who got immediately called out with the same kind of rhetoric as jooana , `` if you call people you disagree with nazis the word loses it 's meaning and real nazis roam free '' , `` there you go calling everyone you disagree with nazis '' , etc ... like , if we ca n't call people who want to `` round up and put into camps '' people they have prejudice against , who can we call nazis ? 
  and it 's from the bottom up these people get legitimized . 
  by everyday folks refusing to name names among themselves and shame horrible ideas into the shadows . 
  it 's by refusing to do that and being afraid to offend them that they have so much exposure . 
  it 's right-wing political correctness . 
  you know what , you 're right . 
  it extremizes the labels by refusing to use them on anyone and desensitizes the ideas they do convey and that are represented by real people and politicians . 
  it 's what allows people such as le pen to appear respectable , because we refuse to label them by pushing the definitions further . 
  while the systems are indeed different and le pen will have a harder time being elected ( though i do n't discount it ) , calling france 's election system functional is not understanding it well . 
  what desensitizes political labels such as fascist or nazi is refusing calling people that by being overly cautious , by fear of being rude to them . 
  the risk is avoiding calling fascists fascists . 
  it allows them to blend in and be put in charge , and then when the fascism comes everyone acts surprised and wonder how we let it happen and how we did n't see it coming . 
  that 's the problem with macron , he does n't have a communication team , he has a marketing team . 
  everything he says is designed to be at the same time positive and appealing to most while absolutely devoid of any substance . 
  in light dose , it catches the eye . 
  in concentrated amounts , it 's an absolute turn-off . 
  [ study : feminists are better mates . 
  ] ( http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2007-11-17/news/0711170033_1_sexual-satisfaction-satisfaction-and-greater-relationship-stronger-romantic-relationships ), 
  he 's great in debates but still needs improvement on talk shows . 
  i 'd so love for him to get angry and humiliate laurent ruquier for mocking him to his face . 
  this is such a prevalent sentiment . 
  cynicism that makes people say , often through their own experiences either on the giving or receiving hand that you ca n't win without cheating . 
  one of the biggest poison of our democracies . 
  she needs mps for a group and be an opposition party . 
  maybe she 'll get the 15 needed , but that 's not even a given , and a 15 people group wo n't have much weight at all . 
  maybe if you finish high school after that you 'll learn the far-right loves to appropriate left-wing vocabulary to appeal to the working class without meaning any word of it . 
  i said fair trade , not free trade . 
  free trade is indeed right wing and i personally do n't like that . 
  but it seems you have difficulty both writing and reading , so i 'll leave you there and you can hit me up when you 've finished primary school . 
  and so like i was telling you , protectionism can be internationalist and left-wing if the optics is fair trade and the betterment of each others countries , or nationalistic , isolationist and right-wing if the optics is racism and resentment and appeal to patriotism . 
  protectionism is a tool use in different ways by different people . 
   but left wing on his protectionist stuff . 
   protectionism is definitively right wing pick one ? 
  i 'm sure you have your definitions rights , it 's your perception or reality that is wrong . 
  protectionism \u2260 left-wing . 
  it can be if inter-nationalist , but trump 's protectionism is nationalist and isolationist , so right-wing . 
  allende ? 
  as in salvador allende ? 
  what kind of parallel universe are you living on ? 
  you must be talking about augusto pinochet , his usa-backed dictatorial successor . 
  ecology is n't `` the most important thing '' in his program , it 's not just another part that 's weighted against the others , it 's the backbone that justifies and allows for the overall vision . 
  ok , dealing with either a troll or an imbecile , have a sweet night . 
  what ? 
  not at all . 
  countries and their frontiers represent cultures , traditions , languages , and thus behavioral tendencies that can differ significantly from their neighbor in a way people inside random geographic zones do n't . 
  that 's like saying you ca n't draw tendencies on people depending on if they live in rich or poor neighborhood , or in the city or in the countryside , or near the sea or near mountains . 
  of course the spacial structures where people live influence them just like biological or social structures . 
  how is making broad strokes by countries any worse than by gender , age , class , etc ... ? 
  oh if le pen wins , i definitely agree , i 'm just portraying how her side views things . 
  what 's polarizing is the idea that there exists such a thing as `` pragmatic solutions that go beyond the traditional left/right ideological divide '' . 
  to some people , to you it seems , it 's common sense , while to some other it 's code-speech for `` liberalism disguised as common sense '' . 
  le pen is also very economically liberal even if she does a good job at concealing it . 
  she is n't class divisive , she 's racially divisive , uniting racist of all class that want kick blacks and arabs out . 
  she comes of as both snobbish and childish , or in other words `` she knows what she 's talking about and does n't take shit from anyone '' and `` she knows how to let go and is popular ( as in close to the people ) '' . 
  media-wise she 's a strange thing , as her person and party is portrayed as an danger , yet she and her party have been normalized and her ideas are depicted anything from dangerous to acceptable to common sense depending on the topic . 
  the other candidates are n't all very liberal and/or class divisive and/or very favorably portrayed by medias either . 
  i guess i just have better imagination . 
  le pen is economically a national-liberal-capitalist and her program reflects that . 
  very economically liberal policies . 
  very class divisive in they way he holds himself and in the content of his speeches . 
  intensely portrayed as a golden boy savior by medias and people hate to be told what to think . 
  people notice these things . 
  oh i do agree that le pen removing france from the eu means the end of the eu and great instability . 
  from her supporter perspective it 's for the better , and i disagree with that , because her exit would be a nationalist and isolationist one . 
  i do think eu-as-we-know-it proponents overestimate the impact of a request for radical change or even of an inter-nationalist exit would be . 
  i understand that they 're afraid , especially eastern europeans , but i think they should n't be . 
  where le pen 's exit is an exit that says `` we can do better on our own '' , left-wing exit ( which would be last resort ) says `` we can forge better and stronger links with everyone without the eu bringing us down '' . 
  i honestly believe a france outside the eu and its bickering ( though i do hope we stay to change it ) and outside nato ( and i do wish we quit it ) would have a better shot at helping stabilize eastern europe with its gained independence than it has today . 
  i do think france and other eu countries being at each others throat in internal politics and under us command in nato prevents us from having an effective eastern europe and anti-putin policy . 
  probably referring to the fact that fillon is openly and proudly a christian conservative on social values , and that he wants the law to reflect those values . 
  stuff against gay rights or reproductive rights mainly . 
  mixing religion and politics so openly is n't well received in france . 
  we voted 55/45 against the eu constitution/lisbon treaty in 2005 , and this division exists to this day . 
  on one side , the eu is something sacred that you ca n't touch , lest you provoke war in europe , pretty much the attitude of this sub so you know i 'm not making this up . 
  on the other side , people are fed up with this hyperbole and emotional blackmail . 
  whether a nationalist brexit-style exit or a left-wing `` tabula rasa '' radical change , people are ready to change the status quo , knowing it would be hard times but for the better in the long run , both for france and the eu .
