  remember folks , feminism is for saudi arabia . 
  edit : just in case , that was a / s, 
  remember macron and schulz supporters , they would have expected the same thing as merkel and hollande out of greece ( just go read what they said at the time ) , with the same results . 
  finger pointing leads to not repeating mistakes and finding real solution . 
  not finger pointing leads to pretending people who made mistakes did nothing wrong . 
  well there is one thing . 
  candidates need signatures from 500 among 30000 + local elected officials to be able to present themselves . 
  people could pressure those 30000 + officials to not support some candidacies and support some better lesser know alternatives , but people are n't that involved so everyone will get their signatures . 
  besides that , blank vote are since recently counted , but not taken into account for the final result , so even if blank vote was in first position in the 1st or 2nd round , it would n't have any impact aside from a legitimacy problem . 
  the best chance we have is illegal activities coming up and justice acting fast , like with fillon . 
  or you know , someone people sincerely favor , not the least of several evils . 
  he 's economically liberal and agrees with the eu view on austerity in europe . 
  most of the sub love him for that , a big part love him simply for not being le pen , and a few dislike him for his policies and being big-money friendly . 
  i 'm in that last category . 
  yeah , socially there was gay marriage , but economically it was full-on liberalism , free-money for companies . 
  some people ca n't tell their right from left . 
  hamon is n't anti-capitalist or anti-liberal and weak on ecologic transition , he 's center-left at best and the social-democrat hollande failed to be . 
  edit : and that 's me praising him , not putting him down . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  he is economically thatcherite though . 
  as an anarcho-syndicalist , you understand fascism is just the final form of neo-liberalism , right ? 
  that macron is n't an antidote or even alternative to le pen , just the next step before her if we do n't vote radically different , right ? 
  if you really like macron , you might want to revise your flair . 
  hamon * is * center-left , but valls is indeed far to his right . 
  not effective where ? 
  it 's yet to be tried . 
  i would n't even advocate for far-left , just regular left like m\u00e9lenchon would be enough . 
  call it radical left if you want , i 'll call the social party right-wing like it is . 
  `` anything but le pen '' is n't really respectful given what french people would have to endure under the devastating policies of fillon or macron . 
  i understand the fear of far-right party rising to power , but it does n't mean some other popular politicians are n't terrible themselves . 
  in fact electing them is a sure way to disgust people even more and favor le pen the next election . 
  i think you got some downvotes for calling pablo iglesias and jeremy corbyn populists , which they are n't . 
   goddamm french politics ... that 's why it 's maddening seeing all the non-french talking out of their asses on this sub ... 
  m\u00e9lenchon is an ex-socialist party member supported in part by the communists , not a communist himself . 
  shhh , do n't tell them !, 
  he 's not criticizing the eu and is in favor of austerity , that good enough for them as a program !, 
  m\u00e9lenchon and hamon are not going to unite , they both said they 're going to the end . 
  m\u00e9lenchon could n't rally behind hamon because he represents the socialist party and all the treason they did over the years and only a fraction of people who would vote for him would vote for hamon , and hamon ca n't rally behind m\u00e9lenchon because that would be the socialist party final death spasm . 
  i would love for hamon to be honest about the fact that only him rallying behind m\u00e9lenchon can make the left win , but it 's not going to happen . 
  nato is a war-mongering organization whose sole focus is cornering russia into a corner . 
  of course we should leave it , and deal with international security matters through the onu , sole legitimate organization . 
  the eu question is more tricky . 
  economic liberalism is written in the current treaties , and that is something left-leaning people ca n't accept . 
  so , his position is to go to merkel and tell her `` today the treaties only favor germany . 
  either we rewrite the treaties in a way that does n't force on us the stupid 3 % deficit rule and austerity and so it benefits every european country and not only you , or we will disobey them in order to implement the policies that we need for our countries . 
  if a treaty that benefits everyone and not just you is not possible , we 're leaving . '', 
  so it leaves the door open for rational discussion , and merkel is an inteligent person who knows saying `` no '' would be devastating , but if she does m\u00e9lenchon is ready to do what is needed . 
  everyone here says merkel being uncontested in europe is a bad thing , so at least that would change . 
  i think with m\u00e9lenchon elected , we could finally talk about the luxembourg and ireland tax havens and about raising social standards across europe instead of the current deadly competition . 
  in my opinion , m\u00e9lenchon , who breaks with austerity , focuses on industrial and ecologic transition , wants to sincerely go after tax fraud and reduce tax burden on middle class and offers a strong european voice to balance merkel 's will do good for both french people and europe by breaking the deadlock . 
  he never hid , nor is he a messiah . 
  just kinda ignored by european medias and this sub despite being in 4th place in polls in front of the socialist party candidate . 
  have fun with le monde and france 2 neo-liberal and austerity neutrality that is totally not a political agenda or propaganda then . 
  we know we 've had more or less non-stop neo-liberalism for 35 years , with the disastrous results we know , and they 've been getting stronger each time . 
  macron and fillon are neo-liberals ( macron socially liberal , fillon conservative ) . 
  le pen will get stronger . 
  i mean , it 's already true that his wife had two fake jobs , one on public funds and that he hired his sons as assistant despite their lack of expertise . 
  so that 's not smearing . 
  mediapart being the serious publication it is , although `` alleges '' is standard lingo until fillon is charged to not get sued back for slander , i 'd trust the info is at best true , at worst requires serious explanations . 
  every other election ? 
  also , it 's not smearing when it 's true . 
  good journalism does n't requires neutrality . 
  the important thing is knowing the publication 's leaning . 
  you can process valeurs actuelles 's analysis as well as mediapart 's or le canard 's because you know from where they 're speaking so you can filter it . 
  the dangerous things is publications claiming to be neutral , like le monde or france 2 jt , but that actually have a very important political bias . 
  these publications trick people into a sense of objectivity when they are nothing but . 
  everything and anything is a boost for le pen . 
  as a non-french , i understand the anything-but-le-pen mindset , but these kind of questions only help her by making the problem about her . 
  besides , anything but le pen does n't mean `` good '' . 
  it 's not like she 's the only one with devastating policies . 
  fillon and macron might not have fascist undertone , but fillon is just as racist and both have terrible economic and social policies that if allowed will favor le pen in the next election anyway . 
  look past that please . 
  she can win the second round if people are fed up and do n't go out to vote like in the us . 
  her ~ 40 % ceiling means nothing if people do n't vote . 
  i 'd rather we elect someone good for french people ( which neither le pen or macron are ) than someone good for the european union ( which macron undoubtedly is , or at least good for the eu institutions and current austerity vision ) . 
  we need to stop equating the two . 
  what you mean by `` unreliable '' and `` ca n't weight they 're arguments properly '' is `` they 're not neutral enough for my tastes '' , but they never made a mystery of being left-wing publications , so you ca n't hold it against them . 
  she 's not `` very pro-welfare state '' . 
  contrary to trump she knows she 'll get blasted if she destroyed everything , but she 's not really advocating the benefits of solidarity either . 
  her major focus is , there like trump , french first . 
  foreigners are to be cut from any social benefit , to focus on french people . 
  the reasoning here is both populist and liberal : `` we do n't have enough money for everyone , so we 'll focus on french nationals '' . 
  add a pinch of `` we 'll hunt fraudsters '' ( welfare fraud of course , which is negligible , not tax fraud ) and `` the market has it 's place '' and you 've got her vision of welfare . 
  the whole focus is to spend less and she uses the same right-wing imaginary problems to do that , and when things do n't work better a few years later , well the private sector will save us all like always . 
  she 's anti-syndicalist , anti worker rights , capitalist , for government budget reduction , etc ... there 's nothing social-democrat about her policies , her entire working class spiel is us ( french ) vs them ( migrants and by extension all non-whites , even french national ) . 
  like i said in my initial comment . 
  we need to let go of the idea that not being a racist makes one left-wing . 
  some right-wing people are n't racists , do n't prescribe discrimination toward muslims , sympathize with refugees , and macron roughly falls there . 
  some right wing people , like valls , fillon or le pen are the opposite . 
  valls is n't center-left , he is hard right for his stance on security/muslims/migrants alone . 
  macron 's social stance is more left wing , he 'd probably not discriminate like the others , but his economic policies are devastatingly right-wing . 
  so yeah , he 's probably `` left of '' , but still far from `` left '' . 
  there 's more to being left-wing than not being a moron on social values . 
  my responsibility as a left wing militant is n't to distribute good or bad points to right wing candidates . 
  they do n't recommend exactly the same things , but people will suffer the same . 
  you 're trying to get me to say that anybody is better than le pen but i wo n't play this game because electing either macron or fillon is a sure way to disgust people even more and help le pen the next election . 
  using her as a bogeywoman to make people vote for the least worst instead of who is closer to their beliefs is irresponsible . 
  being `` to the left of '' does n't make one `` to the left '' . 
  positioning is about ideology , nothing relative about that . 
  just because an ideology lost the political battle on a global scared does n't mean it 's a failure , just that it lost .
