  what does our nuclear arsenal even means if a ) it 's used to defend foreign countries we share a union with but not neccessarily values , and b ) we preemptively say we wo n't use it at all for european defense , what is even it 's point then ? 
  his point was that other candidates chant `` european defense '' as if it was an obvious and magical solution , but we never talked about what it means in practice , and if people had an idea about what it means they might not agree . 
  we need to talk about the content instead of the abstract concept . 
  edit : i know that 's what he means even if it was not that explicit because i 've seen his other interviews . 
  that 's what i meant in my other comment about 1min30s answers being devastating when speaking about such complex matters . 
  utopia is a matter of perspective . 
  i support m\u00e9lenchon , but i hate how ambiguous he is on international matters . 
  i 've been following him for a long time and watched his longer format interviews , so i know he 's not as frivolous as he appears here , but when he only has 1min30 on such important matters the short answers are devastating . 
  it 's a chicken and egg problem . 
  do they have less support because they have less exposure or do they have less exposure because they have less support ? 
  medias will say the latter , non-invited candidates will say the former . 
  why ca n't what i 'm saying be both partisan and interesting ? 
  this sub is two thing these days : a pro-macron circlejerk and a european nationalism hub . 
  why are people agreeing with those two trends considered stating facts , but i am not ? 
  what i 'm saying is based on my observations of macron as a member of the government and a candidate , where social policies have been for him no more than a bargaining chip , not deep held values . 
  now you can disagree , but instead of downvoting provide me with evidence macron is n't just a classic liberal that will sell out for money interests , just like i 'm forced to debunk that m\u00e9lenchon is n't anti-eu or a putin lapdog every time someone on this sub repeats this propaganda as `` facts '' . 
  be serious , yeah ? 
  french center-left has a history of being weak on social issues and hard on economic ones . 
  i do n't think macron even believes the `` leftist '' things in his program , but even if i gave him that credit , he has proven during his time in the government that he drops them as soon as it bothers his economic policies . 
  do n't worry , you 'll get all the liberalism and none of the socialism . 
  while i hate sch\u00e4uble / the imf but disagree with the tactic , and do have ( socialist ) anarchist inclinations , i think the most moronic thing about sending mail bomb is that it 's always an assistant or receptionist that will suffer from it and not the intended target . 
  they 're mostly just regular people trying to do their job and would probably be invaluably useful to the group 's cause could they be convinced to sabotage or leak . 
  but then again , according to [ the group 's wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conspiracy_of_fire_nuclei ) they are individualists/nihilists , so it makes sense they would n't give a shit about other people . 
  good job reinforcing the stereotype that anarchy = edgelords seeking chaos guys . 
  great classist and sexist combo here . 
  follow up question : your explanation is the obvious political observer answer , but what is the reason themselves give for their loss ? 
  in a nutshell , any self-reflection or do they shift the blame ? 
  i just hope people realize all he promises about anti-dumping and eu social and environmental standards will be dropped and blamed on unwilling partners the moment it blocks , while the budget cuts ( on a national level ) and rigidity will be harshly enforced . 
  if you 're not french and you do n't know macron , do n't be fooled one second about his social inclinations . 
  they are only here to appeal to left-wing voters without any intention to really fight for it . 
  that 's just not who macron is . 
  if you do n't care about the social issues and are happy with his security and budgetary vision , then he 's your guy , but if you care even a little about social rights and harmonization across the eu he will sell you out at the first opportunity . 
  so , in both france and the netherlands socio-democrats took parts in right-wing governments and voters are punishing them for it . 
  in france , socialists blame people not understanding what they want to do and claim they need to continue in that direction . 
  are dutch socio-democrats as incapable at understanding why they lost so much seats and blame people or are they more capable of self-reflection ? 
  what reasons are they giving to their loss ? 
  [ i am talking about economists indeed . 
  like you said , eu is a mix of protectionism and free market . 
  i hate that the eu ( and the most fervent supporters of its current institutions ) is obsessed with appearing as a beacon of liberalism while it does has some measure of protectionism . 
  once it 's established that the eu is n't a pure and perfect market and we ditch the ideology , why is it so hard to establish proper boundaries with our trade partners instead of trying to maintain an appearance of welcoming absolute openness . 
  protectionism is n't evil , every block does it and everyone except free-trade zealots know it , it 's just time we drop the nonsense and start being sensible about it . 
  even if we do n't agree on what `` being sensible '' means , just starting by accepting protectionism is a thing we do and that we need to talk about it would be a great step . 
  alternate title : eu to tell g20 it will continue to allow to be pillaged . 
  turkey has other neighbors to piss off . 
  i dunno , according to this paranoid sub putin rolling across europe to the atlantic is a certainty , or at least that he wishes to , so why is it suddenly implausible that simple skirmishes around this belligerent turkey happen ? 
  you 're right , getting ahead of myself , correcting that for `` authoritarian ruler '' . 
  are we really , with the rise of far-rights across europe linked to a lot of people not understanding our governments doing very little for the working class while being allies with countries that threaten us ( turkey , saudi arabia , qatar , etc ... ) ? 
  we wo n't be united long if nationalists get in power because we valued realpolitik over principles . 
  turkey pissing off a neighbor , getting attacked , and nato collective self-defense coming into play ? 
  ca n't say it 's a far fetched scenario . 
  agreed . 
  on one hand , i agree , especially when we see french candidates do meetings abroad and collect money from wealthy ~ ~ immigrants ~ ~ expats . 
  on the other hand , we 're talking about * an authoritarian ruler * making rallies in the eu to urge people to cement his power , while at the same time shitting on the eu anytime he can . 
  diplomatically speaking , i tend to think we should only be as courteous as the respect we are shown . 
  do n't talk shit about the eu then whine when they do n't want you spreading your propaganda here . 
  we could be the better people , but does that extend to facilitating * dictatorship * ? 
  disclaimer : i 'm not one of the freeze peach zealots . 
  edit : * more accurate words * . 
  you 're making inaccurate assumptions about what i believe but you 're not answering my question . 
  i 'll give a broader one if that helps : could you list those top medias ideologies ? 
  could you give me the nuances that differentiate them ? 
  you 're the one claiming not every super-rich holds the same ideas ( and i agree ) , so show me how that reflects in the people listed on the map . 
  money does n't make the ideology , but the drive to become a super-rich sure as hell shapes it . 
  go on and tell me which one of these people is a communist , or simply not a liberal for that matter . 
  that includes ideological circles . 
  it does n't mean much if medias are owned by 2 or 20 people if the ideas and opinions expressed are essentially the same . 
  i appreciate what you 're trying to say , but no . 
  the eu is n't a well meaning machine that just so happens to do shit because various people block the cogs . 
  the eu is , in it 's actual form , built to do the shit everyone wants done while the same everyones can blame others for said shit . 
  you saying that the commission , juncker , and the people that nominated them ( because calling it an election is really stretching it when everyone that matters essentially agrees ) are pushing for a more democratic and pluralist eu is laughable . 
  these people , eu technocrats and each country 's government and representatives , that all agree on essentially the same things with marginal variations , do n't change from blocking cogs to champion of eu democracy when they go from a job in their country to a job in brussels and vice versa . 
  they are an alibi for each others while the dirty work gets done and it 's exactly why it all needs to change . 
  it 's these people getting nominated ( almost ) unanimously regardless of political leaning that makes the far-right rise . 
  how can you pretend the eu is a healthy democratic place with pluralism when such decisions are taken behind close doors and eu technocracy superseeds political convictions ? 
  i really wish people denounced that and asked for a change in institutions instead of that mind numbing `` is it good for the eu ? '', 
  approach . 
  it 's the death of politics . 
  the eu is n't good in and of itself , it 's only a tool that 's as good as what we do with it , and right now it 's doing shit . 
  ask yourself what 's good for european union people instead of what 's good for the eu for a change . 
  but no , through 27 layers of votes and representatives , you chose him !, 
  democracy !, 
  [ about homogeneous nations at 4:46 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3xjro4-kgk ), 
  liberalism is an economic policy , and economic policies should be under the control of nation states , or if chosen and controlled by the eu be at least up for debate . 
  as it is , liberalism is literally inscribed in the eu treaties , meaning it removes the ability for countries to ever even discuss it . 
  it 's taboo . 
  economic policies being out of reach of democratic deliberation and requiring quitting the eu or `` threatening '' it is abnormal and anti-democratic . 
  imagine one second anti-capitalism or anti-liberalism being in the treaties and the discussion of allowing free trade being taboo . 
  you would n't accept that . 
  i , as m\u00e9lenchon and a lot of people , do n't accept things as they are . 
  to their promises , especially toward their left wing , and most of all of socialist values , i 'm obviously not talking about treason toward the country in a legal sense . 
  it 's not `` if the eu speaks on his terms '' , it 's `` if the eu stops speaking in merkel 's terms '' . 
  there is a lot of room between the two for policies that please everyone . 
  if there is n't , it kinda means the eu failed , does n't it ? 
  nah , like you said , they 're assholes , so they 're decent only when they need something from people and ca n't imagine anyone being decent simply because it 's the right thing to do . 
  disclaimer for those dense racist : rape is wrong , death penalty is wrong , stop pretending like you care about rape victims when you only bring the topic up when the assailant is brown or black . 
  additionally , saying you do n't mind death penalty for rapists is your own virtue signaling for cynic assholes , so just shut your hypocritical mouth shut . 
  the election is relevant . 
  the polls are just wanking . 
  he argues for sovereignty , that is the ability to democratically make and control decisions , something we need to redefine what it means within the eu .
