  the point is , are these differences a cultural construct and marginal so we should thrive to go beyond them , or are they rooted in biology and make some gender inherently and greatly better at some tasks than others and enforcing the division is not only legitimate but a sensible goal ? 
  no , men are n't inherently better engineers and women better teachers . 
  yes , trying to remove jobs gender division is a good thing . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  surely jobs being gendered has nothing to do with thousands of years of task division enforced through patriarchal societies becoming ingrained in cultures and shaping young boys and girls imagination and their parents prescriptions . 
  no , surely it has to be some biotruth bullshit . 
   and what are you basing this upon ? 
  sexist stereotypes . 
  when we 'll be rid of liberalism , we 'll call corruption a legacy of liberalism too . 
  the point is , you can hardly call something almost universal the legacy of one ideology just to smear it . 
  that 's the point . 
  it shows that people are more interested in merit and skill when skin color and sexual orientation are n't a big deal anymore . 
  knowing that it 's not a big deal is a big deal . 
  he will be the socialist party scapegoat for losing the election . 
  either he becomes member of a m\u00e9lenchon government , or he 'll disappear for 10 years before having any relevance . 
  they had favorites they pushed hard yes , but show me someone who was `` created '' like macron has been . 
  macron has a plan for the ez/eu : ho yes , tell me more , have my babies . 
  m\u00e9lenchon has a plan for the ez/eu : this dangerous extremist wants the death of us all , burn him !, 
  like , nobody is asking anyone to agree with anyone , but at least people here could have a balanced approach ? 
  body language . 
  you have the wrong mindset : how is one expected to know the other person wants it if they do n't even say yes . 
  either the person gives an enthusiastic yes , or has enthusiastic body language . 
  if you do n't have either , do n't wait for a no , stop and talk , there 's something wrong going on . 
  if macron makes it to the second round , it will be the greatest example of all time of medias creating their own candidate from the void . 
  frightening stuff for a `` democracy '' . 
  last election people deserted him for hollande . 
  this election people will probably desert hamon for him . 
  nobody is going to believe a shift to the left after hollande 's shift in 2012 . 
  or maybe the quiz is shit . 
   single market : how do you feel about the trade bloc ? 
   - i love it - i love it - i love it - i love it us pluralist view on eu politics . 
   you 're closest to angela merkel hahahahaha , fuck you !, 
  again , i 'm sure there 's an army of people working in the various administration that know what you 're saying and will work the kinks out . 
  point is , selling your company wo n't become worthless as claimed . 
  i 'm sure you 're not going to outsmart centuries old states . 
   if you make it so that you earn no money above 400k over time no one will work to earn that . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  400 000 per year is huge and only a tiny fraction of people would make that . 
  it wo n't change a thing for people working for 15 000 per year , and it 's good for all those intermediate executive to know there 's no point in working for greed and they should work for efficiency and common good instead . 
   okay i think it 's a cool idea but the roi on this has to be tiny . 
  let alone anywhere near what was spent in the first place roi over years or decades is hard to evaluate , but anyway , who cares ? 
  there 's financial roi and human roi for all the people who now have access to buildings and that 's incalculable . 
  what do you think is the roi of those ceo 's that get paid millions yet tank their companies ? 
  it does n't matter if they tanked their company , not only did they make lots of money for themselves and stockholders , but they paid hundreds or thousands of people very real wages that get into the economy and the company will get bought out and continue living with a new ceo that will tank it again , etc ... roi is important for companies , less so for states . 
  they need to be financially responsible , but they also need to make investments toward the future that costs money . 
  call the cost of survival if you want . 
  let your country perish because of financial dogma and it will disappear.wake it lively and external money will flow . 
  people appreciate m\u00e9lenchon and socialists because they know neo-liberal rules are n't the only one we can play by . 
  a lot of people have forgotten that over time , or convinced themselves that neo-liberalsm is the only way . 
  i understand how for such people thinking outside that framework seems irrational . 
  at the very least i hope you understand that we 're not , we simply do n't accept your rules and have a different but as real coherence than yours . 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't make sense of what you 're saying . 
  money made by selling your company does n't fall under income tax , it 's a separate thing entirely with it 's own taxation system that is n't nearly as severe as 90 % . 
  do n't worry , people selling their company will still make good money . 
  if you can sell your company for 2 million anyway , you probably made decent money with your ceo salary , and likely less than 400 000 / year , so you 're still not in that 90 % bracket . 
  that bracket targets a very small fraction of the population no one will realistically reach , and even if they did , so what . 
  for what it 's worth , he wants to lower the corporate tax from 33 % to 25 % ... how are poor people getting hammered by marginal tax brackets ? 
  his plan is to reduce lower brackets rate so people have more money to spend and inject in the economy . 
  people who are targeted by the bigger bracket are only able to shield themselves as much as the law allows . 
  he plans to reduce that , by removing undue exemptions , introducing new ones if people invest their surplus money responsibly instead of letting it sit around , and an income tax based on nationality just like the us . 
  are you saying people will stop working because they pay what they think is too much taxes ? 
  i though people liked working and doing a good job and be proud of it . 
  i mean if they stop working , at least it 'll reduce unemployment as a lot of people will be happy to take their place for less money or pay the taxes and with everyone climbing the corporate ladder it will create openings at the base and reduce unemployment . 
  good riddance of lazy riches . 
  if they leave we 'll tax through nationality anyway , just like the us , so they wo n't be able to hide . 
  has it occurred to you that maybe there is so much unemployment precisely because employers could get rid of people so easily , and not the opposite ? 
  or because we let our industry be bought and killed despite being profitable instead of protecting it ? 
  m\u00e9lenchon wants to invest 10 billions in accessibility for examples , stuff like ramps on building so people in wheelchair can get in . 
  that 's valuable work liberals wo n't do , and it would create lots of jobs worth protecting , benefit small local companies instead of big groups , wages paid will go back into the economy into other businesses and tax collected will pay for public services . 
  it has it 's coherence , but he should n't do it because state investing is bad ? 
  i 'm glad we agree it 's economically feasible at least , as for the comparison i 'll assume you pulled it from out of your nightmares where m\u00e9lenchon is elected and you wake up in sweats . 
  for someone so well versed in economics you sure have vague and misleading vocabulary . 
  it 's 90/100 % tax in the last bracket of 14 , above 400 000 $ . 
  plenty to live on . 
  he does want laws that gives a fair power balance between employees and employers , so that people are n't exploited and treated as disposable trash , yes . 
  he wants for the ecb missions to not be price stability even if it means recession and unemployment anymore and for social and fiscal harmonization in the ez/eu , and only leave if other countries ca n't reach a compromise . 
  get your facts correct . 
  now go on with that economic knowledge you supposedly have but have yet to show and explain to me why you think it 's not simply a different political path , but economically impossible . 
  edit : for what it 's worth i 'm not the one downvoting you , i rarely do that while debating and leave it for the end if my interlocutor was a jerk . 
  just because they do n't fit the neo-liberal frame does n't mean they 're invalid . 
  what are your specific criticisms for example ? 
  there are plenty of economists supporting every major candidate . 
  if you followed a basic economic course yourself , you 'd know that disagreeing with the direction he wants to take does n't make it any less economically valid and legitimate than macron 's for example . 
  of the main candidates i think so yes . 
  a few of the others may talk about development too . 
   the euro is managed for price stability , and explicitly not for employment . 
  every country in the euro agreed how to change the rules - agreement from every member . 
  if a single member wants out , article 50 . 
  you do n't see how that 's undemocratic ? 
  what if price stability and employement are contradictory to each others ? 
  we sacrifice people to satisfy nonsense economic rules ? 
  and if we 'd rather not suicide , we have to leave the eu ? 
  it 's absolutely undemocratic . 
  that 's why m\u00e9lenchon is asking for the ecb to not be independent anymore , so that it can focus on employment rather than price stability . 
  small inflation is better than dying , and german saving accounts are not worth a dying france . 
  it 's their business to learn to deal with it . 
  it 's not their business to forbid france from having socialist policies . 
  you 're describing an abusive relationship where the man forbade the woman from going out , and when the woman says she 's going to go out the man says she ca n't because it 's his business and he does n't like it . 
  like what the fuck are you on about . 
  france does n't have to respect unreasonable wishes from its partners .
