and that is what you get when you mix racism and sexism . 
  we all have our gripes about our national institutions , but somehow we see people defend the eu saying we ca n't blame it because it was `` democratically elected and designated '' . 
  like you said , our `` democratic '' national institutions have failings and we are able to verbalize it , so we must be able to do the same with the eu and not deflect the blame . 
  democratic eu in action . 
  islam is being used as a tool by terrorists in the middle east . 
  islam does not breed terrorists , chaos , sense of injustice and a perceived enemy does . 
  religion is the best medium to transform these ingredients into terrorists and it happens that the religion most prevalent in the regions of the world the west fucked up is islam . 
  end of story . 
  actually i have an interesting comparison . 
  i 'm a feminist . 
  racists and men 's right activist/anti-feminist are often the same people , or share the same thought process . 
  i wo n't talk about those idiots that believe feminists are man-haters scheming to make women superior , i 'll talk about the more educated one that know we talk about toxic masculinity and the such . 
  they still think that toxic masculinity means we think `` men are toxic/bad '' , mind you . 
  they would say : `` if you 're able to say that men are heavily influenced by their inherent belief structure , masculinity , and that masculinity is toxic , and that 's why men perpetuate sexism , why are you not able to say the same about muslims and islam and violence/intolerance ? '' . 
  that would be a good question and my answer would insist on three points : 1 . 
  masculinity and islam have a very different level of adherence . 
  they are not ingrained in us in the same way . 
  masculinity is very little taught . 
  there is no book of `` how to be a man '' that unifies the `` man '' experience across the world . 
  it 's ingrained though imitation , comments that tell you you 're a `` real man '' or that you 're a `` pussy '' , though a father-figure that will make you do man-stuff and medias that tell you what a real man is and how he behaves . 
  it 's everywhere yet as no formal existence . 
  it 's extremely insidious . 
  islam like other religions is mainly taught though a book and some rituals . 
  they are conscious things that are learned . 
  often at a young age , making the brainwashing efficient , but still the notion that it is acquired remains vivid . 
  knowing that your beliefs are learned makes it much more easier to select which you will adhere to and which you will reject . 
  as far as i know islam is much more fragmented as a belief system than masculinity . 
  islam has no clergy , different sub-beliefs no centralized authority figure compared to catholics for example . 
  there is not one islam but many . 
  in fact that abscence of leadershup is both a blessing and a curse as i 'll explain in my third point . 
  masculinity is a much more homogeneous , mostly because it 's a completely ignored factor of how we are brought up and is such allowed to be perpetuated without much challenge . 
  people aware of it 's role either double down on the toxicity ( mra 's / redpill ) or acknowledge it and try to nullify and counter-balance it ( feminists ) . 
  they are such a tiny fraction of men that they hardly define masculinity at all and are trying to shift mainstream masculinity to their side . 
  being something taught and having no authority figure , islam is extremely flexible contrary to the popular belief that would make it almost a violent cult infiltrating western society . 
  islam is present in europe since centuries , has always adapted to cultural evolution as well as other organized religions and continues doing so today . 
  islam and it 's teachings reflect the countries they are present in . 
  to caricature , peaceful in the west and vindictive in the east . 
  the absence of clergy means that it 's to each local community to adapt separately and spread peace and tolerance . 
  it both means that no central figure in the middle east says the right and wrong with potential huge impact in the west , but it also means that there is no central figure in the west to strengthen local communities in their peaceful implantation and keep the radicals at bay . 
  for all these reasons , i find it extremely unjust to say there is a problem with islam as i would say there is a problem with masculinity . 
  there is a problem with the perpetuating of a violent and unequal culture in some countries that seeps into islam . 
  there is a problem of ghettoization and lack of consideration for muslims in the west that makes some lash out and turn to the teachings emanating from the previously mentioned countries , for a perceived sense of meaningfulness . 
  there is no more ( or should i say less ) problems with islam as a religion than there is with christianity or judaism to name only these two . 
  there is i believe a problem with the west and it 's christian foundation that knows it 's world domination is ending and fears what this population with ties to countries it ravaged through colonization and wars could do if they were not kept on a leash . 
  `` all religions have problematic aspects , but damn , islam ? 
  they 're the worst . '', 
  - islamophobia 101 the fact is , most muslims are regular and diverse people like you and i and just want to be left the fuck alone while not bothering anyone else . 
  just like quotas . 
  of course it 's long term , but it is a long term solution we need and not the scrambling we 're seeing now . 
  and with that kind of commitment , it becomes more acceptable to find temporary measures , like to offer money for migrants settling in areas with currently lower living standards or to make these country accept more migrants down the road to compensate for the higher effort of countries like sweden or germany today . 
  raise the living standard for everybody , who the hell said that we should pay migrants so that they stay in place ? 
  yeah , they have no interest in the only sensible way to make them stay where they are assigned : raise the living standard to an equally high bar across the eu . 
  then i 'm of the opinion that mature individuals are able to decide what they believe is right and wrong . 
  that they can do so while still allowing themselves to doubt and revise their opinion if need be . 
  that them believing a party is wrong does n't mean they think people voting for this party are evil or necessarily with bad intentions . 
  i 'm of the opinion that individuals in 1936 could have and should have written off the mainstream nazi movement as wrong because they disagreed with it , that it would n't have been immature to do so and that they did n't need the wwii to do so . 
  i 'm also of the opinion that what you 're saying is usually a right-wing if not far-right tactic to force people to not dismiss their ideas as morally reprehensible right away . 
  it 's a way to entertain the idea that we do n't really know what 'll work and what wo n't in the end so every idea should be considered somewhat equal and that humane consideration only blinds us to the truth of things . 
  i believe it 's cynical and denies people their ability to have a moral compass , whatever it 's direction and act through it . 
  all that being said we parted enough from the topic of unity so i 'm not sure i 'll reply further . 
  different people have different opinions and if you 're as you seem to be even a little politically versed you know what each part of the spectrum has to say about the others , so why do n't you directly get to the point you seem to have instead of baiting please ? 
  while we painfully added countries in the eu over the years , facists had to be ousted from a few country ( and are making their way back in others ) , wars in europe dislocated countries ( as recently as russia making a territorial claim in ukraine ) , a lot of people complain that some countries should not have been incorporated into the eu or the ez and there are some regional independence claims such as in scotland or catalonia . 
  intra-european military peace . 
  the eu is a political union , and by that i mean a union of politicians , not people . 
  the schengen area is a great union of the people , i 'll grant you that , and it 's exactly what the danish government is attacking with it 's decision . 
  a government in place because of a coalition with a far-right party , coincidentally . 
  edit : slaves are also united by chains by these standards . 
  and they need to remove those chains to be united as people . 
  we 're living in the greatest period of intra-european military peace ( edit : and the eu has little to do with it ) , not much else . 
  i understand the sentiment but ... you want to put loads of refugees into trains to bring them somewhere ? 
  let the imagery sink in a moment . 
  then you would have to make sure they do n't go down en route . 
  let it sink in a bit more . 
  then you would have to make sure they stay where you put them and do n't go back to the country they want ( because schengen and free movement ) . 
  let it finish sinking in . 
  terribly bad idea however quotas and distribution seem like a good one from afar . 
  the european union , bringer of peace , unity and solidarity . 
  without it , every country would close in on itself and only care about it 's own selfish interests . 
  how glad we should be responsible people from responsible party are in charge and that the institutions who are democratically elected or designated handle our problems with such mastery . 
  / sarcasm inb4 people telling me that 's why we should have a federal europe because then bla bla bla ... 
  she has the freedom to think and say it . 
  a tv network has the freedom to give her air time . 
  this subreddit has the freedom to refuse it . 
  yay freedom . 
  talking about the [ first link ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3juo66/woman_from_lesbos_talking_about_how_the_migration/?submit_url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dc8x9oay_mo8&amp;already_submitted=true&amp;submit_title=test ) . 
  i can empathize with someone saying the massive migration in their area disrupted their lifestyle and that there needs to be something done to better accommodate everyone , i do n't with someone who says they 're the real victims , not the migrant , and that by the way `` they smell bad '' . 
  if you want to suggest that assimilation of large migrant population is not an easy thing to do , there are ways of bringing it up without stigmatizing the whole of them . 
  that 's pure racist shit-stirring and should indeed be banned . 
  i mean , if the truth is as the example racist shit-stirring submissions , i for one am glad this kind of things are banned . 
  one thing i hope is that empathy toward these populations and their orderly assimilation in europe becomes such an obvious attitude that both the racist/nationalist parties and the latent racism in mainstream bipartism become a thing of the past . 
  i also hope that people come to the realization that liberalism is not equipped to handle such migrations and that we 're gon na have to start behaving as human communities instead of a sum of individuals fighting each others . 
  you mean aided africa by destroying their economy by forcing on them liberal economic policies , pillaging their natural resources with our private companies and destroyed their states though war and corruption . 
  and then sent food and medication after having created the mess . 
  that 's what you mean , right ? 
  i appreciate when people i hate the opinion of are honest and do n't try to make bad excuses to sound charitable , have an upvote . 
  basically all the european right and a lot of the `` left '' has the same stance . 
  that shows how the extreme right won the cultural battle in most of europe even if they still have limited seats and how we have a really bumpy road ahead . 
  edit : also it 's incredible how confused immigration haters are . 
  the very people who loudly state their dislike of immigration and its consequences are the ones who provoke the causes , namely political instability through wars and economic destruction through liberal economic policies . 
  and they denounce the left as lenient while the left are the ones who want to do the most to reduce immigration by improving states stability and help these countries rebuild viable economies by stopping the liberal policies that allow us to invade their market .
