  what you hate about russia , you ca n't even see in your allies . 
  you 're painting partnership with russia like a capitulation , but nobody says it has to be . 
  start by normalizing relation and go from there . 
  if our countries are so weak they ca n't have a normal relationship with russia and needs to treat it as an enemy , blame our countries , not russia . 
  and again to reiterate , putin is scum and i hope for radical political and social change in russia . 
  in the meantime , we have to deal with them . 
  i do n't understand , i thought nato membership and missiles batteries in eastern european countries were the solution ? 
  / s you know how you stop russia from invading ? 
  by being a partner rather than treating them as the enemy . 
  treat them as the enemy and they 'll act like an enemy . 
  treat them as a partner and they 'll act like a partner . 
  and partners do n't invade each others . 
  that means eu members need to get out of nato and american influence ( and trump seems to be going in that direction anyway so it 's probably going to happen sooner rather than later ) and form independent bonds with russia . 
  if the eu shows russia they can be an independent partner not under american influence , there is no fear of invasion . 
  as if they 'd want to invade anyway . 
  ukraine was an opportunistic response to eu/american meddling . 
  and do n't get me wrong , being a partner does n't mean supporting the horrible person putin is or his policies nor abandoning hope for change there . 
  we 're partner with china , we 're partner with african dictatures , we 're recent partners with iran , we 're partners with israel , why ca n't we be partner with russia ? 
  more like there 's no point in debating someone who 's mind is fully made . 
  macron is indeed just a second-term hollande . 
  social liberalism at it 's most ineffective and paving the way for despair and le pen . 
  i could tell you how the political spectrum shifted to the right this past decade , with fillon being far-right , macron being classcal right , the socialist party torn between a hard right line with valls and center-left with hamon , ecologist torn between anti-capitalists and liberals , and how the classical socialist left is represented by m\u00e9lenchon . 
  how hamon 's worth is in rebuilding the socialist party to be somewhat left-wing and not let it die to liberal die-hards like valls or macron , not in his presidential bid that 's doomed to fail . 
  for decades socialist told people not to vote for more left leaning people for fear of being eliminated in the first round . 
  why not turn it around now : hamon should call to vote for m\u00e9lenchon so the left has a credible candidate in the second round . 
  but just saying that paints me as a dangerous leftist that wants to hand out free money for most of the sub , so there 's no discussion possible and that 's why people opt out of debating . 
  i do n't understand why people keep thinking she does n't have a chance just because she plateau 's at about 40 % in polls . 
  trump did n't win because he was more popular , he won because democrat voters were fed up with clinton and did n't bother to vote . 
  the exact same thing could happen here . 
  like we say in france , the political center is neither to the left nor the left . 
  i 'm not the person who spoke about tourism , you have me confused with someone else . 
  i personally do n't really care about that cost , i 'm mostly concerned about the human impact on the local population . 
  speaking of economical cost as a primary concern in the case of an accident is wholly inappropriate in my opinion . 
  how did we let reactors with antiquated design operate though ? 
  how many others are still operating that we do n't know about because nuclear safety demands this kind of information be hidden from the public . 
  or is it that those reactors were deemed safe , but did n't account for unpredictable events and `` antiquated design '' was used as an excuse to to not question the safety of other reactors ? 
  you speak of irrational fear , i speak of irrational trust given already 3 accidents that should n't have happened and the total opacity of the industry . 
  the communist party leader does back him up . 
  the party executives voted to present their own candidate against their leader 's opinion , and the base had the final word in voting to support m\u00e9lenchon . 
  the communist party is n't asking anything and m\u00e9lenchon is n't catering specifically to them beyond the ideas they share . 
  see it like a powerful volcano that can erupt unpredictably and make the region around it in dozens of km in radius inhospitable . 
  yes , the surrounding land is very fertile , so it 's tempting to build your city there , but do you really want to be the next pompe\u00ef ? 
  it 's really not a trick question . 
  i totally understand how you could say the risk is so small that the volcano erupts and the benefit of the land so big that it makes absolute sense to settle there . 
  some people just have the opposite opinion . 
  they 'll say technology allows to farm just as efficiently in a safer zone far from the volcano and going near it is an unnecessary risk . 
  to complete the analogy , i could say that settling near the volcano can be a necessary but temporary choice . 
  the fertile lands near the volcano allows people settling there to grow faster and better than their neighbor , becoming dominant in the region , but once that dominance allows the discovery of techniques making the volcano 's fertile lands obsolete , it might be wise to migrate the city elsewhere in a safer place . 
  it 's not an easy task , but it 's at least a reasonable question given the ever-looming volcano that could erupt in a thousand year or the next day . 
  it 's served it 's purpose , it 's time to let it go . 
  ideology is n't rational ? 
  if it 's not clear enough , my stance on nuclear power : it 's an amazing discovery that allowed us an incredible energy boost , but it 's been proven unpredictably dangerous in it 's current form and because we are technologically sufficiently advanced to do so should be phased out of usage in favor of safer alternatives . 
  i 'm not saying restarting coal power plants does n't have a big negative impact on climate change as an isolated fact , just that i honestly ca n't tell if it 's that big of a deal anyway given the circumstances and alternative . 
  i try to put things into context and perspective is all . 
  just to add , ecology is n't my main concern when it comes to nuclear power . 
  the planet will do just fine . 
  it 's humans i 'm worried about . 
  these kind of deadlines are more about setting a goal and putting people into action than a hard line . 
  without them , people would just let the current situation be and not bother . 
  do n't misrepresents things please . 
  for my example i explicitly said there were no alternative to self-driving cars so they 're a good choice , do n't pretend i 'm saying they 're useless or dangerous , it 's the opposite . 
  do n't misrepresents the position of people who want to quit nuclear energy too . 
  show me a comparative study of the consequences on climate change of switching back to more coal versus the fallout of a nuclear accident and i 'll have an opinion on germany 's decision . 
  in the meantime , it does n't mean that 's the one and only way to do things . 
  the important thing is the goal . 
  what do we want for 2050 ? 
  for 2100 ? 
  do we decide nuclear power is not a risk and deserves to be treated like any other energy source , or do we decide it is a risk and was just a temporary boost in history that needs to disappear and make place for other safer energy sources ? 
  that 's the only real question . 
  putting aside the fact that there will of course be a soar in renewable energy sources , do we want nuclear power in it 's current form at all in our future ? 
  if the answer is `` no '' , then we plan . 
  how do we gradually reduce it , by what do we replace it , in what proportion , where do we build new things , what jobs do we create and transform , etc ... no closing everything and reopening coal mines everywhere . 
  every country at it 's own rate and with it 's own plan . 
  just because you disagree with a position does n't mean you need to misrepresent the intelligence and capacity for efficient planning of the people who defend it . 
  do you have multiple sources on that ? 
  because i keep reading it and ca n't find any . 
  best i could find that approaches your numbers speaks about the worldwide production , not france importation , and that edf ( who operates the reactors ) does n't communicate it 's importation numbers . 
  wikipedia is full of ^ [ citation ^ needed ] . 
  even if the majority of the imports come from friendly and stable countries , it does n't erase the fact that france has a neo-colonialist presence in africa in part due to the control of uranium mines . 
  less nuclear power means less incentive to meddle in africa and focus actions there on development instead of control . 
  the point is , every country has reasons why nuclear power is safe in their country , and it ends up true until it is n't . 
  that 's the thing with accidents , despite every attempt at controlling the situation and thinking you have everything under control , something goes wrong and the consequences are unpredictable . 
  that 's like saying self-driving cars will eliminate road accidents because they control every parameter , until a plane crashes on them . 
  congrats , you predicted everything you could and your car is not at fault . 
  does n't matter , you 're dead . 
  at least with cars you 're the only dead and there is n't much alternative anyway . 
  with nuclear reactors , impact on population and environment is massive , and there are better alternatives . 
  no excuses . 
  oh , he 'll have the eu 's institutions 110 % backing , so according to this sub he 'll be a superhero . 
  but if you do n't care about putin and do n't want to ban gay marriage but do want radical auserity , macron is your guy . 
  yay !, 
  m\u00e9lenchon is n't the communist candidate . 
  he has his own movement and the communist party is doing an independent campaign in support of his candidature . 
  he was the common candidate of several parties including the communists in 2012 , yes , but they are way more distanced this time . 
  we have reactors on seismic faults , upstream of major cities , in floodable zones due to climate change ... it can totally happen here . 
  problem is , hating her gut is in the balance with hating our political system and establishment as a whole . 
  i for one know that if the candidate i support does n't make it to the second round , i 'll either not vote in the second round or cast a blank vote ( which are since recently counted but ignored , as opposed to discarded altogether ) . 
  i refuse to vote for people who knowingly let le pen happen in the first place . 
  i wo n't legitimize another 5 years of lesser of two evils . 
  hamon and montebourg far-left and valls center-left .
