  hmm , good question . 
  a lot of them are very racist , those are usually the better ones oddly enough . 
  have n't really had one that i 'd classify as particularly good tho , since my account is only a couple of weeks old . 
  i think the best one so far is this one : i think that a name such as yours must help greatly to combat the bores though there 's always a danger when inciting a stranger and so turn reading rhymes into chores, 
  love it !, 
  pissed myself, 
  let 's be real . 
  stroopwafels are too delicious to waste like that, 
  checkmate, 
  the color is named for the fruit . 
  orange things used to be called red in english and dutch ( and lots of other languages ) before the fruit was introduced in a lot of parts of europe . 
  ( for example , a robin redbreast bird does n't have a red breast but an orange one ), 
  looks like they 're ordering four beers, 
  i was n't saying they 're especially well integrated yet , just comparing them to the turks . 
  erdogan definitely has a copy of putin 's playbook . 
  let 's hope turkey can avoid russia 's fate, 
  turks are responsible for the fate of their country . 
  do n't shift the blame to others if a majority of your people choose to become ruled by a dictator . 
  correctingly correctington, 
  moroccan dutch are actually far better integrated than turks . 
  lots of turks have residual ottoman mentality of superiority , when they used to be the boss of vast swaths of land in their part of the world . 
  moroccans have a mentality that they have to grab their place in society because no one is going to give it to them , an attitude which is actually quite compatible with the dutch mentality if you really think about it . 
  england itself not included because the numbers would be too embarrassing, 
  that 's ... 
  hilarious and sad . 
  simultaneously, 
  you 're very welcome to visit . 
  most dutch are reasonable people who realize that erdogan does n't represent the attitude of individual turks necessarily . 
  go back to / r/conspiracy please . 
  this action from the dutch government has the full backing of virtually the entire parliament , from far left to far right, 
  excellent qualification, 
  i 'm just pointing out glaring logical contradictions in the * unnuanced * positions a lot of their * voters * espouse . 
  well , that 's why i mentioned the american situation . 
  most political analysts agree the sanctions were definitely hurting putin 's billionaire buddies and that 's the main reason for the ( very risky ) power play they ( allegedly ) made in the us election . 
  problem is , for now , the power play seems to have worked ( may still implode completely very soon , depending on congress ' inquiries ) so a bit of pressure has been lifted from them . 
  we 'll know more in the coming month ( s ) . 
  crucial time in the history of the world for sure, 
  i find it interesting that you 're using the word erdoganification , where to me as an outside observer erdogan is just using putin 's playbook , so we generally use putinization to describe this democracy drifting into autocracy process . 
  when you consider that , if you look at russia , there is some reason to be pessimistic about turkey 's future , since putin 's position seems fairly strong now . 
  of course , all that may change rapidly , depending on happenings in the usa . 
  if trump russia collusion is proven and usa turns russia oligarch sanctions back up to 11 , he may be in trouble . 
  how it all works logically ? 
  [ magic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cognitive_dissonance ), 
  at some point in your analysis will you acknowledge the existence of dumb people in the electorate ? 
  people who are just able to persuaded by flimsy rhetoric that a certain problem x is caused by y ( when it 's actually not ) and that they will solve it by doing z ( they wo n't , but would actually exacerbate x ) ? 
  never mind that , why is n't chechnya participating this year ? 
  but these political systems accomodate the anger by giving the angry population representation in parliament , while being resistant to surrendering the democracy to them . 
  i do n't understand your argument honestly , so i guess let 's just drop it, 
   there are plenty of reasons why a foreign national would legitimately want to donate money . 
  this seems like a circular argument . 
  if donations from foreign nationals are made illegal , donations from foreign nationals are by definition illegimate . 
  it 's just a policy you either adopt or do n't . 
  i 'm in favour of outlawing it , i do n't want outside influences affecting our politics . 
  why do you want that , is my question . 
  we had some thread about this on / r/thenetherlands earlier in the week . 
  consensus was , as far i could tell , the need for fast-tracking legislation prohibiting these kinds of contributions ( need to hammer it down so that they ca n't even do it with sneaky financial constructions ) . 
  well , given that you concede populists seek not to solve the problems , but would actually exacerbate them , ie . 
  make things even worse ( just look at the programs of all the currently blooming populists , they 're all diametrically opposed to the solutions you 're proposing to the challenges of globalism ) , i fail to find logic in your original sarcasm `` you mean some political systems are good in disempowering huge chunks of society which in turn leads to mild electoral revolts ? 
  woohoo , score one for democracy amirite !!! '', 
  i mean , those particular political systems are then in fact well-crafted to resist a certain type of negative spiral , so indeed `` score one for democracy '' . 
  it 's really remarkable how unrepublican trump is in many ways . 
  never in a million years would you expect the gop opposing free trade . 
  of course , trump has a personal motivation for pushing those policies . 
  sad, 
  you 're misunderstanding . 
  the economic crisis may be real , but populists then invent a problem ( scapegoat ) that 's the underlying cause of the economic crisis , a problem they 'll solve by any means necessary . 
  basic scapegoating tactics invented to excuse the irresponsible financial practices that are the actual cause of the recession . 
  worked in biblical times , still works to this day . 
  naive analysis . 
  the problem with a lot of populism that it 's trivial to convince a subset of any population that you 're the solution to a problem that does n't even exist . 
  ah , no , i definitely was n't trolling . 
  i guess i misinterpreted your post . 
  i used to follow polish politics quite a bit ( my ex was quarter polish , quarter russian ) so i know about most of that stuff . 
  i was n't trying to disrespect the other guy . 
  i can see how my post might be interpreted as distasteful . 
  should i remove it ? 
  was n't there a time rather recently when this sub used to have its issues with tons of toxic ( far right ) users ? 
  did n't this get solved purely by them `` moving '' to their own insular subreddit community ? 
  i think we do our continent a disservice by pretending we do n't have our own sets of radical people who care not for dialogue or being constructive . 
  lol !, 
  but he read about the evil brown parasites on breitbart !, 
  ca n't just be some racist lies spread by white nationalists . 
  twitter paid way too much attention to this story today, 
  that 's offensive ( and i do n't say that often ), 
  his ad was full of own goals . 
  he praised brexit and trump in it . 
  not gon na win him any additional voters , since that message is n't popular with anyone other than the people who were gon na vote for him anyway . 
  i think rutte has quite a bit of political cunning , since he has positioned himself and the vvd well on a lot of trivial bullshit issues that for some reason are really important to people who vote with their gut . 
  just look at wilders ' latest campaign spot , which features sinterklaas and shit \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  you seem to have some misaligned ethical intuitions, 
  it 's so embarrassing to see wilders polling with these numbers still , after all the failures in recent weeks, 
  why encourage pseudohistory practices ? 
  if i were english , i would have had a problem with macron campaigning in london , for the record, 
  i do n't think foreign political entities should be campaigning in my country . 
  it 's a matter of principle . 
  you think it 's acceptable ? 
  gandhi can have his ketchup pizzas, 
  fascinating stuff . 
  thanks for posting, 
  i never got why or how ` eta became an i sound in modern greek .
