`` what words mean depends on what you mean by them '' . 
  thanks !, 
  pretty sure they distributed dutch language propaganda to dutch turks too . 
  might well have been the exact same flyer but in dutch . 
  they remind me of jehovah 's witnesses flyers they distribute across europe with easter in a multitude of languages ... annoying, 
  i do n't think that 's right . 
  biology is the study of life . 
  true ai might be conscious , but it would n't be living . 
  `` biological lifeform '' is a tautology . 
  i count one guy who did n't get that this post was obviously sarcastic, 
  foreign money going to political parties is interference ... 
  sounds about right . 
  he had a misspelled word in his comment , i corrected its spelling for him, 
  no problem, 
  its *, 
  apparently it takes three to tango, 
  this is my kind of humor . 
  very nicely done, 
  me too thanks, 
  true , it was indeed directed at people whom that image resonates with , to explain to them the author of that image does n't think highly of their intellectual capabilities . 
  furthermore , my post indicates i agree with that assessment , otherwise i would not have needed to point it out . 
  good analysis, 
  man , you can tell this is intended for consumption by dumb people . 
  labelled everything . 
  pirate party did n't even reach 1 seat in ditch parliamentary elections . 
  their key issue was privacy , particularly as related to the internet . 
  people do n't give a fuck, 
  it 's the same thing as consumer protection laws , a lot of which exist to protect the consumer from themselves . 
  so lawmakers already in one arena do act to protect the citizens of their country from their own bad judgment . 
  why not here too ? 
  except the uk itself, 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  from a standpoint of solidarity with my eastern european brethren , i will boycott the products involved , because this is unacceptable to me . 
  who 's got an exhaustive list ? 
  i just know of nutella, 
  assuming it 's by revenue , in which a retailer like asos might top the list, 
  worth it, 
  not sure what to comment on this ... what more to say on trump that has n't already been said by smarter people than me ? 
  how much longer will we need to endure this idiocy ? 
  he ca n't even spell strength . 
  clearly not a winner, 
  googling that was very satisfying . 
  look at all those triggered right wingers, 
  these fucking incompetents, 
  there 's an interview on youtube with a cold war defector from the kgb . 
  he makes the same point , but about american leftists ' perception of russians ' view on world war 2 . 
  it 's funny how the current situation looks like we 're viewing reality through some perverse mirror edit : timestamped link here - https://youtu.be/y3qkf3bajd4?t=2255, 
  sure , i heard macron runs a child sex ring out of his escargot restaurant . 
  all these antiglobalists who think globalists are islamophilic are pretty dumb . 
  i guess they failed to notice we 've been dropping hundreds of thousands of bombs on them for the last two decades . 
  i 'm not salty . 
  i laugh at her selling out to an kleptocratic piece of shit in her pathetic attempt at becoming the leader of france . 
  and i laugh at you for admiring her for it . 
  these traitors have no shame, 
  nice false equivalence . 
  the bbc , while funded primarily through government mandated television license fees , operates without any government intervention . 
  rt 's line , on the other hand , is fully kremlin-guided . 
  let 's not pretend , in defiance of the facts , that these two situations are even remotely the same . 
  there is no new glorious global role for the uk post-brexit . 
  you guys done goofed . 
  man , did n't realize the philosopher shaquille o'neal had commented on this, 
  uhm . 
  people who bash you understand your view . 
  that 's why they 're bashing you , because it 's a stupid worldview . 
  not that fringe imo , it goes globalists -  soros -  evil jews rather readily . 
  becoming ever more common to see this in the mainstream, 
  the biggest giveaway is the penultimate two words `` eisai nekros '' , which is the `` you 're dead '' at the end . 
  excellent, 
  3 voted for boaty mcboatface, 
  english is pretty much crazy, 
  taught *, 
   teatched jesus, 
  you should win a prize for being wrong on literally everything you said in this post . 
  truly spectacular . 
  what a blunder, 
  is this the location featured in norwegian television series `` acquitted '' / `` frikjent '' ? 
  is this real ? 
  i see a lot of people misinterpreting the terrorist organization vs civil organization distinction being made . 
  they are n't saying they 're not a shady as fuck quasi cult . 
  they 're just saying they are n't engaged in terrorism , which has a very specific definition, 
  nailed it, 
  really like the last two . 
  they wo n't get into office . 
  office means governing . 
  they 'll be in the house of representatives as one of the opposition parties . 
  people should have just downvoted this troll without replying to him, 
  / r/knightsofpineapple, 
  thank you for your service, 
  same here . 
  pretty comical, 
  are you me ? 
  f off, 
  he 's teetotal, 
  extremely good . 
  grammatically flawless , only one word used ( slightly ) incorrectly and one archaic ( that most people have n't ever heard in their life ) word used iirc . 
  you could tell it was a german speaking dutch , though . 
  we 're especially used to detecting that accent since several prominent members of our royal house were germans . 
  that guy 's head just about exploded, 
  your *, 
  looks like you need to read up on the facts .
