  bitch , please . 
  you know perfectly well european football ultras are infested with fascists, 
  tough shit . 
  she 's responsible for her product, 
  i think the move is interesting because the president is of the dominant party in parliament . 
  no one really expected the veto one way or the other afaik, 
  did someone say limbo ? 
  true genius, 
  there 's a weird xenophobia-powered pseudohistorical circlejerk about this guy and a few others in certain circles . 
  seems to be present in this thread , too . 
  pretty pathetic honestly, 
  a real piece of shit, 
  actually the norwegian word would be `` wund '' . 
  just swap the o for u, 
  really interesting clarification . 
  now that you mention it , that initial consonant cluster thing is something i never noticed . 
  i guess it 's part of why the language sounds so interesting . 
  kinda singsongy, 
  * cough * nazi gold * cough *, 
  he did kill the children of the sand people ... 
  damn, 
  if you do n't understand why abuse of a monopoly is bad , no one in this thread can offer you anything that will satisfy you . 
  may god have mercy on your soul, 
  it 's abusing their dominant market position , which is illegal in the eu, 
  mourinho , is that you ? 
  oops , misread the intent of your post then ( which is n't odd since minutes later a guy did make the point i thought you were making ) , sorry about that, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6je18a/homicides_at_100year_low_in_finland/djes07j/ it 's not often i get to link to my own post within seconds of typing it up, 
  homicide ( which is an umbrella term meaning simply a human was killed by a human ) is n't the same as murder ( which is a legal term with very specific criteria depending on jurisdiction ) . 
  suicide is n't murder , for example . 
  i think they meant for you to provide actual rationales for why all of these are bad in your view , not just list them, 
  he 's confusing , in logical terms , a necessary condition with a sufficient condition . 
  gon na take a stab in the dark and say you are n't gay yourself . 
  you have a naive understanding of power structures and dynamics , let 's just say . 
  recommended reading : dictator 's handbook . 
  or watch just literally the first three minutes of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rstl7nir7gs, 
  it has to get 2/3 in the house , too . 
  no guarantee it will, 
  i disagree with the second paragraph . 
  of course you realize the kremlin has infiltrated most movements it deems a threat to its power . 
  if that new sanctions bill passes the house and ends up on trump 's desk and he does n't veto it , putin will be finished within 2 years . 
  he 'll lose the support of the oligarchs, 
  there were * some * good leaders during the empire period , e.g. 
  catherine the great ( yes , that 's a long time ago ), 
  sure . 
  just disputing the second half of your comment . 
  russia has n't had leadership that was n't corrupt for over a century and a half, 
  you 're basically wrong . 
  russian foreign policy * is * in fact for a huge portion based on dragging the rest of the world down to russia 's level , by trying to delegitimize democracy etc. 
  it is n't about getting putin hard , it 's about russia 's competitive position . 
  they ca n't - under this form of government and with extreme inequality sustained only through extreme propaganda - really progress themselves so they have to make others regress . 
  there 's always one asshole who argues just for the sake of arguing . 
  just ignore em and move on, 
  they elected someone who clearly does n't give a shit about democracy or its institutions . 
  so they 've forfeited the right to proclaim themselves the shining city on a hill , at least for a while, 
  just for the record , americans have lost the right to lecture anyone about democracy for about two generations , with trump 's electoral college victory . 
  let 's be clear that it 's the british public 's fault for buying them , not the tabloids ' fault for providing what the market apparently wants . 
  punish these tory cunts , please . 
  ( i posted this exact same comment two months ago when they were floating regulating the internet already ), 
  this seems ill-advised, 
  interesting point of view . 
  still , their particular identity politics positions are rooted in unscientific leftist philosophy, 
  we do n't need this extreme left pseudointellectual bullshit in europe, 
  pretty sure no one here wants war with russia or even has any problem with the average russian citizen . 
  but it would be very unwise to pretend russian leadership is n't openly hostile to the west in countless ways, 
  you joke . 
  but i guarantee that would have worked, 
  punish these tory cunts in the parliamentary elections , please, 
   you 're linking to someone whose literal job is making up conspiracies . 
  you 're linking to someone whose literal job is making up conspiracies . 
  guess you 're too dumb to find the unsubscribe button, 
  typing this from my android phone . 
  fuck google and fuck corruption, 
  i hate democracy . 
  it 's rough and coarse and irritating and it gets everywhere edit : typo, 
  i agree . 
  outside the anglosphere there 's nothing like the multi-billion dollar right wing brainwashing apparatus of fox and the like . 
  they 've been laying the groundwork for this manipulation of a huge part of the electorate for well over a decade . 
  it 's truly sick , what kind of damage just one rich australian fuckhead has managed to do, 
  what about all that pizza they ordered tho, 
  literally the plot of an elementary episode ( police procedural on cbs ) . 
  get hold , illegally , of interesting documents . 
  put in one explosive fake story in-between a multitude of legit stuff . 
  leak everything then make that one fake story draw focus ( via propaganda media outlets ) , having been granted legitimacy from being found inside of a trove of actual real stuff . 
  definitely right . 
  and there are still compromised people in power to deal with . 
  let 's hope the fbi etc hurry up with that in the us, 
  let 's hear your moral argument against taxation then , mr. libertarian ? 
  i bet i can tear it down in minutes, 
  the no show paradox is about unintuitive results of voting behavior in a runoff election . 
  guess what the french elections are ? 
  a runoff election . 
  i 'm using it here to show the bad assumptions being made about the implications of the results of the first round on the runoff are potentially very misleading . 
  how on earth you believe it is irrelevant to my previous comments , where i 've repeatedly made the point that flawed assumptions are being made , i ca n't quite comprehend . 
  the only claim i 'm ultimately defending is my original one , which was just a mathematically trivially true observation . 
  i think you 're misunderstanding . 
  it would just involve cooperation between countries , there would n't be a formal authority above the nation state level . 
  nation states themselves would still collect all money that is theirs to collect . 
  as for your last sentence , i think i do n't quite understand it . 
  the whole goal of this idea is to make sure there are no more tax havens . 
  tax havens are fundamentally immoral nation state entities , whose existence is only possible because no global authority exists beyond the nation state level .
