  direct democracy is dangerous . 
  the people already get a say via the election cycle and our representative democracy . 
  improve that system instead of circumventing it for cameron 's ego . 
  that is undemocratic . 
  the current system is a democratic system . 
   then that 's making the referendum useless it was in the first place . 
  it should never have happened . 
  call me salty but the value of the # and the uk 's world reputation speak for me . 
  i got angry at just reading that . 
  no , we fucking have n't . 
  i hate the brexit crowd , i hate the government , and most people i know have similar views . 
  i want the uk to be fixed but i equally want to leave and take my highly paid , highly taxed , skills with me else where , like the mainland . 
  some people have calmed down , but many people are still angry about it and just keeping quiet to not be labelled a moaner . 
  she 's a delusional idiot that is hellbent on making her legacy than actually caring about the future of the country . 
  unwashed veg is a huge source of those sorts of diseases too . 
  best bet is to incinerate everything you eat or accept a slight risk . 
  most people i know do n't , and you do n't have to . 
  i 've never had issues with egg longevity either so that 's not a factor for me . 
  i see nothing wrong with it . 
  we are all part of the uk . 
  what ? 
  i said i would tip . 
  no fucking pleasing you people is there ? 
  not that i feel anyone deserves it of course , i just do n't ignore local customs . 
  whereas i work and often go out in london and found it very expensive . 
  london is meant to be pretty expensive already so i 'm not sure how the us , which is generally cheaper , can compare to tokyo in cost . 
  did you eat cheap or did i eat expensively ? 
  i do n't tip anywhere , i am concerned that if i ever visit the us i 'm going to get it wrong . 
  while i am against the practice my `` when in rome '' attitude overrides my disdain to tipping . 
  the comments at the end of that video really show me how people can shove their politics into anything , especially about gender . 
  merkel is a woman ? 
  it must be `` mansplaining '' . 
  jumping to that as your first response is ironically , and hypocritically , pretty sexist . 
  since they 're directly attached i assumed they 'd be coming with us ; that would go down very poorly . 
  we are _ literally _ discussing this in a subreddit about the geographical location and the op post is about the parliaments of the geographical location . 
  a lot of people , governments , and other entities care about the location , ( sane ) europeans especially so . 
  hah , good catch . 
  fixed . 
  no , we 'll always be in europe . 
  europe is not the eu . 
  europe is a place , the ( current ) uk can not leave europe ever if it remains in the same place . 
  we can leave the eu though , which while dumb is actually happening . 
  tldr ; ** europe ! = eu **, 
  how else can the tories cement power forever ? 
  we 're still in europe . 
  unless you 're telling me theresa may finally managed the hardest brexit imaginable ; severing the uk from the european continent . 
  ireland would n't be too happy if we did that i imagine . 
  i recommend taking your euroskeptics into account . 
  we did a poor job of it . 
  it begun im the uk a while back , i doubt portugal is behind us there . 
  unless you are using calendar definitions which is weird when nature does n't care about our calendars . 
  our media made it seem that way . 
  the provinces do n't match . 
  but most eu4 games end up with something hideous . 
  echo chamber . 
  echo chamber . 
  calling a sub a circlejerk is an easy way to shut yourself off from opinion ls that disagree with yours . 
  it is intellectually dishonest and usually wrong . 
  this sub has a lot of dissenting opinions but generally leams pro europe . 
  that is n't a circlejerk it is a place with a common interest . 
  / r/yurop is a circlejerk . 
  also these reddit terms are childish . 
  they will accept our crappy pay and a chance to live in the uk , eu nationals are less likely to do that . 
  funny how the brexit vote included a lot of anti foreign racists . 
  we will be more reliant on non european nationals than any recent period now . 
  we r so smart innit blud, 
  the hell are you on about ? 
  corbyn has beem slandered and smeared to the extreme in uk media . 
  may is finally getting the criticism and mocking she deserves after her disasterous campaign and brexit hype . 
  i 'm about half way between those two salaries and consider it enough . 
  even while saving money every month i pretty much just live how ever i feel like and money is rarely an issue . 
  it 's technically a free market but after living here my entire life i 've realised brand loyalty and apathy are very common here . 
  people either wo n't change or wo n't try another option , they already have their daily sun and that 's enough for them . 
  i have no idea to what extent this is true of other countries but i know it is a problem here . 
  someone i work with was seriously upset about a 5 % loss on a salary he does n't even earn . 
  he said in the _ future _ we might both be earning # 80k + so we should worry . 
  at the point when i 'm earning that much money i 'm not exactly fussed about 5 % , 10 % i would be but when i 'm earning ~ 4 people 's year 's income already another 5 % is n't crazy to help the country . 
  it still means i 'll only get 55p of every # 1 i earn but i 'm already at 40p anyway , i 'll barely notice it , and when the 9 % from my loans on everything over ~ # 20k disappears i 'll forget all about that 5 % . 
  not in britain . 
  majorca . 
  both scummy papers but the sun in particular is utter shit . 
  they are in tourist areas , but outside of that they 're less common . 
  i 've been seeing less over the last 5 years after a huge increase from 2000 to 2010 . 
  i welcome the downwards trend . 
  i understand the divide , even if i do n't know the culture of the upper classes well enough , _ yet _ . 
  still , i appear to be fitting in pretty well . 
  let me guess though ; you 're on the birthright upper class side and are enjoying pretending there 's some mystery to your in group ? 
  or are you just a conspiracy theorist and referring to the obvious crimes of our upper classes ? 
  hard to tell from here . 
  and they 're a tiny proportion of the country , culturally speaking . 
  by the _ newer _ [ great british class survey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_british_class_survey ) i fit , income wise , into the elite . 
  but yes , traditionally i come from the underclass and adopted much of the middle class mannerisms . 
  i 've not been to the homes of enough middle-upper/upper class people in my life , but if i do n't die early there are many many decades more years of opportunities there . 
  the first poster mentioned the us , the second ( swedish ) mentioned the uk , i am from the uk and mentioned the us because they were mentioned earlier . 
  it 's not like i started talking about the us for no reason . 
  a little sensitive are n't you ? 
  glad to hear it , now why so many british people here are claiming otherwise about our own country is mind boggling . 
  trying to justify their own gross behaviours perhaps ? 
  nope , started lower class and clawed my way up . 
  there 's a lot of faux-british and gross people in here by the look of it today .
