  i think as a whole czech republic would be the closest culturally as they share a lot of culture with germany , i believe . 
  if the baltic countries count then those too . 
  poland seems really close too, 
  we say `` alter schwede '' literally `` old swede '' when something unexpected , suprising or crazy happens . 
  no idea why though . 
  anime is dope so thats cool . 
  portuguese sounds really great . 
  i like to listen to portuguese music . 
  other than that english sounds great too , but i like the american accent more though . 
  then i would take japanese too like most in here ( whats up with that ? ) . 
  thats the language i hear the most other than english and my native one . 
  what do you mean by that if you dont mind explaining ? 
  how does theirs differ from ours ( generally ) ? 
  i feel the same way . 
  most of this is due to the american majority on reddit . 
  on the surface their culture may appear similar but there are quite a lot of differences once you look deeper . 
  the city of freiburg and the schwarzwald that is nearby . 
  both are quite the beautiful places . 
  though its more of a recommendation than a must . 
  anime back then was the shit , my dude . 
  but now that you point it out it looks quite weird in todays context haha . 
  gardens right ? 
  you can rent them . 
  for people who have flats or not much space for gardening at their own place , but still want that gardening life . 
  i love it . 
  it was probably my favourite channel on tv next to rtl2 ( the old one , dont kill me ) and pheonix . 
  so many interesting and diverse docus . 
  learned quite a lot from it . 
  to be honest i didnt know we were disliked that . 
  but the `` little germany '' and dialect comment are quite true . 
  doesnt help that bavaria is quite unpopular too in germany and austria sometimes gets lumped in with it . 
  finally i read dutch and understood it , well except for kikker and bil . 
  it even ryhmes . 
  kinda cool . 
  wait , whats weird about that ? 
  i love spargel dishes ... 
  that we , as in men , shave our armpits . 
  its like anyone who cares about their looks shaves or at least trims them in the summer , be it men or women . 
  i thought it was more common in most of europe . 
  i dont even how you would start implementing those changes as there is too much push back by the right , especially now . 
  i hoped bernie sanders could be the one to force some changes and put the country into the right direction but now i am not too sure how anything could be done . 
  elizabeth warren , would she run in 4 years ? 
  i could see her winning and also be just as good as bernie . 
  nothing really . 
  i think for germanic language speakers english is quite easy as its germanic as well and heard almost everywhere . 
  but if i would have to point something out then maybe when to use the right tenses . 
  i weigh living your childhood in any given country more , but its really up to said person to decide with whom he identifies with . 
  mostly going to the gym . 
  i jogg or take the bike as a warm up . 
  sometimes when more people are around we play some bball at the basketball court . 
  but mostly going to the gym if that counts . 
  its a mandatory fee , seperate from regular taxes . 
  no , every household , even those that have no device which is capable of getting a signal , have to pay this tax/fee, 
  especially nowadays where people just use them as synonyms , so its not hard to see how one my might confuse the two . 
  ah , i thought you wrote developed country . 
  well , if its a developing country then i would choose something nice and warm like argentina , if that still counts . 
  what does this mean for germany ? 
  its like a european melting pot . 
  so everyone is in then ? 
  and for what purpose would i want such a thing ? 
  its totally irrelevant . 
  i think i only hear something like that from far right racists and white supremacists . 
  the slaver ... 
  i mean prison system should totally get reworked in the image of most western european ones . 
  especially scandi ones are a pretty great example . 
  with a goal of preparing the inmates to re-enter society and to be good citizens and not to be set free and to end up back in jail . 
  also , basic healthcare for everyone . 
  this is the obvious one but probably the most important and life changing . 
  tuition free , or at least reduced , college education . 
  how are people in the lowest corner of society supposed to move up , when you make it that hard for them to do anything with their lives ? 
  this is one aspect i totally do not comprehend in america . 
  its like people are harming themselfs , but for what purpose ? 
  cause its the greatest country on the planet . 
  is it pride ? 
  i dont know . 
  refugees / = immigrants just wanted to point that out . 
  their experiences vary a lot . 
  japan easy . 
  though working there sucks so maybe america but only in california or the northeast , havent heard too many good things about the rest . 
  consent . 
  thats it . 
  give the person the abillity to decide for himself if he wants to irreversibly mutilate his genetalia . 
  last time i read that in africa it seemed to reduce contraception by 60 % . 
  but who knows if this number is true and if its really the reason for the reduction . 
  i believe that with the next outcry things could change . 
  social media is getting more influential by the day . 
  once people know what is being done to those children not even those nazi allegations will have any merit . 
  what kinda backwards culture instills this notion in men that their natural born dicks are disgusting ? 
  so much so that they feel the need to cut a part of it off without the childs consent ? 
  their fucking healthy and functional genetalia . 
  i cant wait for the day when people call this practice out for it really is , unconsensual genital mutilation . 
  sure , they will either do that or leave the country to do it . 
  with time this will decrease till its not a problem anymore . 
  its child abuse and should be treated as such . 
  harsh fines , kids taken away from them or jail time . 
  as someone who was probably circumcised by one of these shady dudes i dont care what happens to these parents . 
  thats a good argument . 
  i would almost be okay with that but that 's the lowest i would go age wise . 
  16-18 is more reasonable to me . 
  also , could you describe how it changed your sensivity before and after ?
