if you asked me if they are asians then yes i would put india in that bracket or maybe even their own . 
  but when you hear asians , india is the one of last countries people will mention . 
  i gain nothing from this but its good to understand what people mean when they say or hear asian as that completely changes the way the data has to be looked at . 
  i can only point to britain where saying asians would bring indians to mind in people . 
  now i dont know every culture especially those that border india but those from far away in europe , the americas and africa think of chinese , japanese , koreans when they hear asians . 
  its not fact yet if the caste system has nothing to do with race . 
  still colourism and discirmination based on skin colour are huge in india . 
  some of it goes back to british rule but a lot was already there which is why the british even came up with the idea . 
  even ghandi ( www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-34265882 ) said some insane racist shit in the past because to him black people were like animals . 
  bollywood only hires really light-skin looking and faire skinned indians , because thats what your culture felt was the most superior and beautiful . 
  skin lightneing products are huge in india . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  be it the caste system or not india has a way bigger problem with race and by extension discrimination of different groups of people . 
  please dont act like you are innocent . 
  but come one . 
  you are indian . 
  you had the caste system which still has tremendous influence over how people are looked at . 
  your whole culture segregated between different kinds of people based on skin colour for millennia . 
  how can you act like its a `` european problem '' ? 
  aslo , i would assume that most cultures around the world dont typically refer to indians as asians be they japanese , nigerian or german . 
  india has such a long and rich history that they just seem like their own thing . 
  bollywood which was quite popular in germany too probably contributed to that too . 
  older houses in the older parts of my city look like this too , is this some kind of germanic way of house building or is this a method and look thats also used in other countries too ? 
  better than any other language that has ever existed . 
  you can get by with english in most countries in some shape or form as long as its not just old people or a village . 
  you might be underestimating the reach of this language . 
  if anything has ever been global then its the english language . 
  in europe german is most likely the most spoken and binding langauge with switzerland , austria , and germany itself . 
  plus i would think that its quite popular as a second or third language in eastern europe . 
  that 's kinda lit though . 
  haha that would indeed be quite embarrassing , but france does have a rich history and culture . 
  do you think they could pull it off somehow ? 
  there is a lot of west african speaking styles mixed into it . 
  like nigerian or ghanian . 
  so it might as well be a different but related language . 
  yeah , even i did some of it when i was a kid . 
  makes me feel old that its not the case anymore . 
  well , that i dont see much of either anymore . 
  might be more common in affluent and suburban areas though . 
  but generally people like to celebrate it in some shape or form . 
  be it with costumes , watching scary stuff or going to a party . 
  naw , halloween is really popular at least in germany . 
  i mean who doesnt like dressing up and going to parties or watching horror movies . 
  i would attribute the demand and spread of halloween to american media like most other things . 
  especially micheal jackson with his thriller video . 
  just recently have i seen a report about allowing kids of the age of 6 years to decide for themself if they want to change their gender . 
  i dont know how its seen in society but you guys seem to be one of the most progressive states when it comes to that topic . 
  as its not an insult here and i generally dont hear it much in english ( mostly american ) media it doesnt have that much of an effect on me . 
  but i do know its quite the strong insult , so i would still be offended if a stranger called me that . 
  also doesnt really sound cute to me at all . 
  the one time every german is eager to consider bavaria part of germany . 
  if you look at statistics america has it way , way worse when it comes to sti 's . 
  rates there for certain strains are climbing while in europe it gets lower . 
  i think i never in my life really thought about it . 
  its just not common here . 
  wouldnt mind checking if i were to be asked . 
  isnt english a mix of germanic and latin languages , so we are almost there if there was some slavic influence in their too . 
  i personally feel no need to learn such a language as the the use of it would be quite limited . 
  i would say most people are less interested now due to certain happenings in the us . 
  but during the early years of obama i saw many people talking about they would want to visit the us . 
  but to most europeans us = nyc , florida and california . 
  and texas too . 
  its expensive though so while many would want to they just go to southern europe , north africa , turkey or asia . 
  i love leverpastej ( well , leberpastete ) , probably my favourite spread of them all . 
  kaviar is not that common here and i believe its quite expensive to be used on a regular basis . 
  is going to a bar more popular in sweden or is it clubbing ? 
  these prices are insane . 
  i always forget how damn rich you guys are . 
  how expensive is heavy stuff like vodka ? 
  ramen are really tasty . 
  i would probably say mexican food if i ever tasted it which i sadly never have . 
  ah , that makes . 
  its kinda true that a lot of people consider austria to be a little germany , i can see how that might come off as condescending . 
  though i dont know anyone who talks ill of austria , so thats great too . 
  so for what reasons do you guys actually dislike us then ? 
  or is this just artificially created dislike ? 
  really the bread . 
  i didnt know other countries had such a small selection of breads and the taste and feel wasnt right either . 
  i dont care about what immigrants or anyone does in their free time . 
  they can follow our customs which would make me happy or dont in which case i wouldnt care . 
  as long as they obey the law , are polite and speak the language they are fine to me . 
  i would like them to mingle with the native population i guess , if they dont and only stay in their own communities that would annoy me quite a bit . 
  but that decision is not only up to them so its partially my fault too . 
  i didnt know austrians disliked us that much . 
  but after hearing their side of things i would have to agree . 
  since i was a child austria was always seen like a lil germany south of the alps with funny bavarian accents . 
  i can see how that might come off as condescending and annoying to not have your own identity . 
  i dont know . 
  i think the roman empire declined at that time and the carolingers and franks took over . 
  but the german language was already at northern swiss territory , no ? 
  my history is murky sorry . 
  how did the germanic language spread so far into the south so early on ? 
  not at all from what i can tell . 
  and if it does then only because the internet is more accessible . 
  clubbing with the homies ( though thats mostly on saturdays ) or late night gym workouts with the homies , but most of the time its chilling at home cooking fresh food and watching some dope anime . 
  i heard that they dont like to be seen that way and dont consider themself `` eastern european '' something along those lines . 
  dont know how much of that is true . 
  to me polish people just seem very close probably due to friends of mine . 
  but culturally there arent that many similarities . 
  but still from all the east bloc countries it seems to be one the closest or well liked .
