that 's pretty dumb yep . 
  yep . 
  focusing on unimportant battles really got them . 
  also winning in ba-w\u00fc and not changing much ( of anything ) there did n't help either . 
  nah , 1954 is more or less as important to us as 1966 is to the english . 
  most countries have a housing problem because the population is growing faster than the number of houses . 
  this is not the case in germany , since our population is not growing . 
   lack of housing this is not england . 
  lack of housing is simply not a problem germany has outside of the biggest cities . 
  actually , refugees are seen by some as the chance to repopulate the eastern towns . 
  honestly , the hate everything russia related gets at the moment is just embarassing . 
  lol , you 're literally giving arguments against your opinion here . 
  what are the worst places of europe , tho ? 
  wow , it really has to suck to be russian in this subreddit . 
  sorry , but i really do n't understand how such comments are helping anybody . 
  you 're not offering an opinion , information - not even humor . 
  all you do is trying to pick a fight . 
  i really wish our mods were tougher . 
  i 'm so glad to have found at least one comment here without vitrol , racism and bitching about sjws . 
  no , it 's something he made up . 
  yeah , this thread here is a complete shitshow . 
  shameful , really . 
  i like your almost german sense of humor . 
  alsace-lorraine , by any chance ? 
  honestly , how 's making your reservation at least a month beforehand unusual ? 
  it 's the sensible thing to do !, 
  with the amount of power germany holds in the eu they pretty much are . 
  just do n't tell 'em . 
  whiteboys in e-blackface . 
  even the mods admit that the comment section is just racist bullshit . 
  anti-germans !, 
  all the neo-con bullshit while still being able to call yourself `` leftist '' . 
   there was no attempt at resource extraction , profit , or even a significant/lasting sphere of influence lol, 
  yes , but that comment was a reply to  ca n't we throw the lot into a prison for treason ? 
  which did n't refer to any americans but to our government and our spy agency . 
  really not sure what you 're trying to argue here . 
  we all agree that having a german agency arresting somebody in america would lead to a diplomatic clusterfuck . 
   i think what 's worse is that european countries are actively going against their own businesses and people in order to curry favour with the u.s not enough people on / r/worldnews get that . 
  we are not angry at the nsa - we fully expect them to be spying little buttholes . 
  but we also expect our own goddamn governments to side with our businesses instead of letting this stuff happen . 
  we also got a bunch of kurds . 
  usually , they get along fine . 
   oligarchy/zionist movement . 
  pesky zionists , at it again !, 
  one of my favorite features of / r/europe , would like to see them stickied for the entire week . 
   as for being lazy , you are aware that all the moderators do this in their free time out of charity ? 
  he does it for free . 
  this is true , french people are so nice we decided to pay them a visit at least twice a century . 
  it also helps that their defense crumbles like stale baguette under nutella . 
  in this case , i think reddit should make an exception . 
  yeah , there 's a big us vs them mentality in here . 
  it 's pretty much the only way he can put pressure on the eu/germany to reach his goals is what i meant . 
  i honestly think he gets way too much shit for visiting russia . 
  it 's pretty much the last card left in his hand , i ca n't really blame him for playing it . 
  this is really neat . 
  how do you make these ? 
  can i see yours ? 
  hahahahahaha . 
  wow , he literally does . 
  yeah but these guys won 11 times in 20 years . 
  we actually do n't really mind . 
  absolutely with you on that . 
  i hope you realize that by talking shit like this , you 're not demonizing bismarck - you 're downplaying hitler and his crimes . 
  it 's obviously a caricature , not a propaganda poster . 
  daaaaaamn . 
  nah , you 're right . 
  how are orbans chances at the next election ? 
  it seems , right now we do . 
  weird . 
  pretty much my position , too . 
  joke taking level : german . 
  does n't help my oma in her plattenbau . 
  at least south of berlin it 's becoming a thing pretty quickly atm . 
  in berlin itself crystal meth related crimes rose 600 % since 2012 . https://www.berlinonline.de/mitte/nachrichten/4351902-4015813-erneut-mehr-drogendelikte-mit-crystal-me.html, 
  edit : damn . 
   `` the fact is that ukraine , which is a non-nato country , is going to be vulnerable to military domination by russia no matter what we do , '' he said . 
  `` this is an example of where we have to be very clear about what our core interests are and what we are willing to go to war for . ''  i really like this honest , no fucks given , * realpolitik * obama has been doing the last months . 
  late term presidency can be pretty cool . 
   foreigners represent 15 % of the total population . 
  many , if not most of them being germans . 
  also a lot of serbians and italians . 
  but i 'm sure somehow islam is to blame . 
  is that actually true ? 
  lol , why would we give a fuck that one local small town mayor is into bdsm ? 
  how fucked in the head do you have to be to make this a thing ? 
  part of it ( the beach scenes , for example ) were filmed in my [ home town rostock . 
  childcare is not full-price in germany but in fact heavily supported from the government . 
  neither him nor all the people who upvoted him . 
  have you heard about or lord and savior , jesus christ ? 
  because it sure as shit does n't seem so . 
  we can be pretty `` grob '' sometimes . 
  basing your opinion off germany on / r/europe might not be the smartest thing to do . 
  it 's not in germany . 
  here it 's `` sexual abuse of children '' \u00a7 176 , while rape is \u00a7 177 , a different crime . 
   no , instead they are going to point out to the fact that during the course of investigation , they did in fact find out that she previously had sex with several turkish men in their 20s . 
  have n't heard about that until now . 
  do you have a source ? 
  [ fallacy fallacy ] ( http://existentialcomics.com/comic/9 ), 
  he literally said that he 'd like a dictatorship formed by `` people from the private sector '' . 
  that 's fascism for people with down syndrome .
