well your property is almost worthless without the public infrastructure around it . 
  especially in big cities for example new metro line close to your property might increase its value hugely and you did not have to do anything . 
  has n't there also been claims that the worst festival in this sense has been the tango festival tangomarkkinat which has mostly middle aged and older people visiting . 
  it is held in same city as big rock festival provinssi which has young people , and bar workers in that city say that the tangomarkkinat is much worse in people behaving badly . 
  the path wheel is actually pedal wheel , or more correctly word for the thong which you do when you are pedaling , i 'm not sure what the english word for it woild be . 
  it just happens to be same word as path . 
  though the word for power here means only poliical power or a power for example monarch has , not the physics term for power which has different word in finnish . 
  pretty much all the finnish towns look horrible as they are mostly built after ww2 , and designed for cars so they are really spread out with ugly concrete blocks . 
  this will hurt both groups in the coming election . 
  pretty much all the finns mps who were in one of the last positions to get elected will lose their spot as the party vote will split . 
  they will be in trouble especially in smaller districts like satakunta or keski-suomi as there will be about 10 % treshold to get elected . 
  image from [ old article ] ( http://www.hs.fi/paivanlehti/21052017/art-2000005218110.html ) republished in todays helsingin sanomat , in which reporter goes to work on the presidents summer cottage for couple of days . 
  accidentally put his nickname instead of real first name to the title . 
  finland has some big genetical differences between people from east and west or more precisely the differences pretty much follow the border on this [ treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_n\u00f6teborg ) . 
  the people from the west are genetically as close to people in sweden as they are from people from eastern finland . 
  of course these differences are not so visible anymore but still people from the east get sick more often , have more mental problems , suicides and especially coronary artery disease is much more common in the east . 
  west part is also richer and has smaller unemployment rate . 
    card payment   only germany is dead set on paying with money afaik . 
   few years ago in belgium even some of the grocery stored did not accept card payment if you made purchase of under 10 euros and it seems to be the same in small restaurants and shops and ice cream kiosks elsewhere also , whereas in finland you can pay with card everywhere , and many small places even say that they prefer card payment because it is made cheap here . 
  this is the middle class stereotype for finland also . 
  though the dog needs to be golden retriever . 
  university of helsinki has similar organizatilns also , called nations . 
  they are more based on the swedish nations but they also have those colours . 
  the nations are though much more liberal than the baltic ones , no separate nations for men and women , no sword fighting . 
  they are more like normal student organizations but each is always for different region of finland , and they many of them have lots of money . 
  northern norway , sweden , and finland are pretty empty with beautiful scenery of forests and lakes . 
  we have [ every man 's rights law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_to_roam ) so people collect mushrooms , blueberries , lingonberries , wild strawberries and some other stuff from forests . 
  there are also those `` self-service fields '' where you can pick for example strawberries but it is much more popular to just buy the stuff from market , or straight from farmers who are always selling them in front of supermarkets during summer . 
  if a strange personality is enough , we have [ veltto virtanen ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/veltto_virtanen ) who used to be mp and is now a member of tampere city council . 
  he always leaves the city council meetings as soon as he has been there long enough to be able to get the meeting allowance . 
  well in helsinki , one of hockey teams is called jokerit meaning jokers . 
  in basketball due to financial problems the old team gave their spot in the league to new team called helsinki seagulls which i guess makes sense as there are seagulls everywhere durong summer . 
  in american football the teams are called roosters , wolverines and east city giants . 
  yes it works fine . 
  of course there are some issues but nothing like in us . 
  one big difference is that here after the elections parties negotiate which parties take part in the cabinet , and others are left to the opposition . 
  the cabinet then agrees on a plan that they will follow the next four year . 
  they of course may change it during the four years but atleast they have some goals they want to achieve . 
  cabinet pretty much always has majority in the parliament so they always get what they want passed . 
  problem with the newest parliament has been that they have bit too much followed their four year plan and they have tried to pass laws which are not properly prepared so after public scrutiny they have had to scrap some plans . 
  they cabinet before that was bit of a disaster though because it had six parties ranging from the left-wing left alliance to the right wing national coalition , and the two biggest ruling parties social democrats and national coalition did not get along very well so they had troubles agreeing on anything . 
  yes  , the finnish spoken in turku archipelago sounds more estonian than finnish to me . 
  on average they are bit more towards the left but they also have prominent members who are very economically liberal . 
  the party would like finland to move to universal income , tax environmentally harmful industry more , get rid of business subsidies , and put more money to education and research . 
  they are bit like macron , kind of centre-left but mostly liberal . 
  living in apartment building never . 
  in my parents house thunderstorm may some times cut the electricity for a short time . 
  probably not . 
  the party he would fit best social democrats has been losing support as their supporters are dying and young people vote for the green party instead . 
  though they are at the moment second biggest party in polls but i think bernies agenda ( populisr , anti-trade ) was bit too much looking to the past to be popular here , and the good progressive parts are already implemented here . 
  pretty much all finnish names and words are said bit weirdly by non-native speakers . 
  maybe finnish language just has phones which other languages do n't . 
  football . 
  history , art , architecture , food . 
  either tallinn , estonia or stockholm , sweden . 
  webt to both many times also as a kid so not quite sure how many times i 've been in both . 
  mikkeller bar is the place to drink beer . 
  we have universities of applied sciences which are actually not universities but they have branded themselves as one in english . 
  they used to be called polytechnics . 
  they are higher education but more practical . 
  for example if you want to become nurse you study there . 
  we also have to types of engineers . 
  those who study more practical stuff 3-4 years in university of applied sciences and those who get masters degree from university , and are called diploma engineers . 
  at least one example of finnish `` sisu '' or thoughness are [ hakkapeliitat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hakkapeliitta?wprov=sfla1 ) , and the winter waf against soviet union . 
  i think only ones that are kind of based on some country are tex-mex shelf and sushi shelf . 
  and also lidl always has some `` special '' products from some country . 
  at the moment i think they have spanish shelf . 
  diesel motors are more problem in cities as nox does harm in the local environment causing health problems for people inhaling it especially in cities . 
  sweden definitely . 
  if you look answers in this sub , finnish people could always just copy the swedish answers as it is always pretty much the same . 
  estonia would be ok also but then we could not get the cheap booze from so close . 
  minnesota clearly seems to be the closest to nordic countries . 
  well its german drinking song . 
  it is quite good but jean sibelius - finlandia hymn would the worlds best national anthem , and i hope we would change to it . 
  yeah , they move the agencies usually to the biggest cities of more rural areas . 
  i know atleast that it departments of social security agency and farming subsidies agency are located in jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 and sein\u00e4joki . 
  but think decentralized departments are usually small like those and all the big ones are in helsinki . 
  2009 the finland medicines agency was transferred from helsinki to kuopio , but most of the workers refused to move so eventually they let over half of the staff to stay in helsinki . 
  this year they finally decided to end the transfer and leave only part of the agency to kuopio and bring everything else back to helsinki . 
  most of the stuff is in helsinki but some agencies are in other cities . 
  our biggest party at the moment , centre party likes to decentralize finland as they are almost only voted in rural areas so they sometimes want to move agencies to elsewhere ( like this medicines agency i which case the transfer failed ), 
  fuck estonia - there is definitely something going on here marry sweden - there are just like us except bit fancier kill russia - we ( very few of us actually ) want our karelia back :p, 
  [ jean sibelius - finlandia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5zg_af9b8c ) and from the end of the song the [ hymn part ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_dy5kuf-ie ) which should be our national anthem . 
  at least one of the most laughed at is an it-software company [ tieto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tieto ) which is famous for its failed it-projects especially in public sector . 
  at the end of high school everybody takes national matriculation examination in minimum of four subjects they choose . 
  then you apply to universities and major you want . 
  i think you can choose maximum of five choices . 
  every major has a certain amount of seats each year . 
  then that university and major have its entrance exam . 
  some for example all engineering , psychology and economics majors in different universities have shared exam . 
  so with the same entrance exam you can apply to study psychology in multiple universities . 
  but some for example history have different entrance exam in different universities . 
  you might even have to study different books for each of those exams . 
  then some people are admitted based on their high school matriculation grades only . 
  some are chosen based on combination of their high school matriculation grades and the entrance exam score . 
  and finally some are chosen based on their entrance exam score only . 
  with this last option you get into university even though you did not go to high school . 
  i think also ones who are applying first time to university get some extra points because it is quite common that some people apply to study medicine for seven times before they get admitted . 
  pretty much all the major newspapers . 
  every area of finland has its own , some of them are owned by same company though so they share some of the articles .
