i do n't get your point in writing this . 
  i like that he translates names . 
  `` bill anderson , harry bright '' . 
  they tried this year , though it did n't really seem people cared enough unfortunately . 
  that 's nice . 
  i prefer the `` european federation '' . 
  brussels is a nice capital , let 's just decide on that and not three different cities all at once . 
  is n't it better to have a public and official registration rather to have it secret and done in backrooms ? 
  regulating and administrating the economic union between its member states . 
  i am . 
  the european union , i suppose ? 
  well , germany was n't exactly isolated diplomatically during the period before ww2 . 
  it kind of pushed and annexed territory from it 's neighbors , and europe let them . 
  kind of like russia . 
   well , the danes have been the prototype . 
  there seems to be some bugs with the speech-system though . 
   did n't the treaty of lisbon basically merge all the different bits into the eu though ? 
  like schengen and eurozone are essentially sub-groups within the eu . 
  you are correct . 
   then again , i do not think denmark buys any significant amount of energy-commodities from russia , so the energy-union might not apply to us at all . 
  hmm . . 
  does not seem as a good idea for the scandies . 
  well , we are a part of the eea , so we 'd be affected by such a thing most likely . 
   as a lithuanian , i can confirm this . 
  but russians in lithuania are probably a bad example , as they are not typical russian minority in post-soviet country why is that ? 
   well , they are kinda an eu member ( they are paying for the eu and have to apply almost all laws of the eu ) but without the representation and the official title ... just like norway . 
  damn your cheap meat and beer ... ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ share . 
  [ i always get the councils mixed up ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/institutions-bodies/council-eu/ ), 
  we kind of do have a senate though , in the form of the european council . 
   no one wants a basic eu law . 
  i do . 
  interesting . 
  i guess it 's not a coincidence that lithuania also holds the presidency of the council of the european union . 
  well ... 
  if you exclude the parliament , sure . 
   aid-industrial complex could you elaborate on this ? 
  is the constitution changed yet , or will he have to take another shot at being pm again ? 
  why would building a new nuclear power plant make bulgaria more dependent on russia ? 
  i keep forgetting how small the russian economy really is . 
  though we are opening a lot for immigrants that want to work , not just from schengen , but from outside the eu and eea . 
  i kind of fail to see the issue here with the name . 
  okay , even if it 's not geographically correct , why ca n't they call their country whatever they wish . 
  i mean if they have territorial disputes that 's a problem , but a name is just petty to squabble over . 
  i got exactly what i wanted out of that video . 
  thank you , good sir . 
   i was pretty close to giving up on the subreddit , because it simply was n't either fun or interesting to read , but it got cleaned up pretty well . 
  i 'm still half-convinced / r/europe was directly targeted by stormfront types . 
  the horror ... 
  the horror . 
  sometimes i wander down in the comment-section myself and just loose faith as well . 
  i just keep saying to myself that they are not the majority . 
  generally it 's not such a big deal here , there was a little flare up in the media for a day or so ... on a sidenote : it 's a pretty good commercial , i admit , even though i disagree with their politics . 
  it all makes sense now !, 
  fair trade , i 'd say . 
  silly international courts , calling our rightful occupation of greenland illegitimate . 
  heynow , you guys have legoland . 
  i mean ... what 's better than legoland ? 
  it 's cool . 
  we forgive you . 
  was n't scania `` forgotten '' by them winning a war and the claim becoming permanent after a treaty ? 
  we are n't allowed to vote though . 
   what ? 
  the danes have complained and the swedes have answered with increasing the number of medical students in sweden ( or at least we are going to from 2015 or something ) . 
  i think we should blame the norwegians , or my favourite , the finns . 
  heynow , at least we give you guys some jobs . 
  how is the level of english-speakers ? 
  cool . 
   eu corporations losing lucrative contract with china because of us competitor knowing their every move =  eu corporation losing profit =  unemployment goes up =  politicians wo n't be reelected . 
  i just have to comment on this . 
  there seems to be a unhealthy assumption that politicians always just think of themselves in general . 
  i myself am active in politics and i do have ideals and principles i strive for society to have , not just thinking about reelection and power cynically . 
  i may be misinterpreting you , and i apologize if i do , i 've just had this knack about it recently as it is pretty prevalent on reddit . 
  we may also become more positive if we get [ dutch disease ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_disease ) . 
  and no mention of the lower roaming costs either , as far as i 've seen . 
  some dialects in norway are way more different spoken than written if comparing it between the eastern dialect ( oslo and the surrounding area ) and swedish . 
  for example the `` molde '' dialect where they use a totally different pronoun than the rest of the country . 
  they actually use `` i '' , said in a scandinavian way , when referring to oneself . 
  i tend to argue that swedish , norwegian and danish are practically dialects of the same language , which i tend to call scandinavian . 
  not to mention the deep south compared to the northeast . 
  the cultural differences there are quite noticeable . 
  i guess a more separating factor for us europeans is language , perhaps making the contrast between countries and their cultural differences easier to spot . 
  huh , til . 
  indeed . 
  hey , according to the latest poll there are 20 % of us . 
  pretty much . 
  source : norwegian . 
  is n't intra-european locking against a common market ? 
  this just made my day . 
  thank you . 
  something something alcohol in ireland . 
  well that 's not very productive . 
  there is some context in the description , as far as i can see . 
  agreed , the old one is way better when i compare them . 
  edit : though i was actually referring to the eagle on the ` starter kit ' , which seems to be the old one . 
  imagine if all the states in the us minted their own currencies . 
  that 'd be a mess . 
  that eagle is so awesome looking . 
  if we 're going by a strict ideological sense , i agree wholeheartedly , it 's more centre-left than anything . 
  i believe the french socialists are centre-left as well though , so i went with the flow and used the common way to refer to social democrats . 
  edit : the common way in norway , that is .
