  do you have the link ? 
  i got the feeling they are not the absolute top and we compare countries in lower tiers where your case as you described can happen , but it 's not a rule . 
  in a tv set . 
  does it count ? 
  i live in country where polish ( white by default ) are like 98 % + of population , so black/yellow/red person is quite rare view . 
  every now and then , mostly at the main market square = tourists . 
  examples from the top of the list , please ? 
  there 's a huge gap between prices of soft taken from the west ( 60 euro for a game lol it wo n't fly here , i have to work like 3 days for it in it ) and our wages ... so take a guess ? 
  last time i checked , we had something like 50 % of all installed soft pirated . 
  i would say it 's slightly better these days ( we got slightly richer ) as it was enforced by eu to fight it , but it 's widely tolerated , but nothing to boast about . 
  thank god - never and let it stay that way . 
   each european country has different degrees of corruption , but denmark recently scored as the least corrupt country in the world . 
  good for you . 
  i guess it 's somehow correlated with wealth of one 's nation . 
  france - too odd/hard language ( for my standards ) and too much `` bomb `` astic multi-culti . 
  well ... it might be a sign he 's into s/m then :p . he 's a rare breed as there 's around 20k germans learning polish . 
  and new star wars . 
  and chocolate cakes !, 
  swamp ones :p . 
  in a city where i live there are quite many such things , but i think nearby wieliczka salt mine and auschwitz-birkenau ( 2,5 mln people died here in gas chambers , on unesco list ) death camp fall in ` mind blowing ' category . 
  for the same reason i prefer english technical books instead of boothed polish translations . 
  ok sure , but it 's quite hard to learn ( grammar is stupid af ) and in business english is a king . 
  the only justification for this is finding a wife here , but chicks fawn over westerners ( $ $ $ ) anyway , so polish is not needed to to so . 
  i simply see no reason to learn it if you do n't have ancestors from poland . 
  wages here are crappy compared to the west . 
  we want more of them . 
  the more , the better at least here in poland . 
  western europe knows shit as they are away from russia . 
  it 's nothing new we do n't see eye to eye with them on this matter . 
  not the first one and probably not the last . 
  8/10 , but why ? 
  why ?? 
  ukraine if anything . 
  they are culturally close to us . 
  poland is one fuckin outsourcing colony and cracow is in top 10 of it best places to oursource ( cheap well-trained young workforce ) . 
   you even see major differences between both germanys today . 
  agreed . 
   i believe , paintings , books , etc are always returned to the owners or their descendants . 
  in ideal world . 
  as far as i know , polish gov. 
  has a fund to buy stolen national treasures from private owners , but how did they got their hands on these ... is often a mystery . 
   rivers of money came from the us to transform western germany in a fantastic country with an incredible economy . 
  two reasons : the us needed a handling partner , western germany had to be a perfect border to communism . 
  i like to think that current flow of eu money is repaying favour . 
  after all , germany is polish no . 
  1 trade partner export-wise . 
  as far as i know a lot of nazis fled to the south america and you know to get by there you need money ( gold ? 
  besides there 's more than just money which would be nice to get back as it was pillage during ww2 like books , paintings etc. 
  i still find it amusing that germany is well off better starting that war than poland who was the very first victim and paid dearly for opposing hitler . 
  i think it applies to every more populous nation like the usa , china , russia or ... germany . 
  especially if such view is backed up with prosperous economy . 
  and stolen nazi gold / s, 
   we complain about everything . 
  that 's not something unique in europe . 
  sorry , i 'm on mobile and did n't watch . 
  is it like ballermann hits ? 
  i live in so-called buffer zone which according to plans of nuclear conflicts russia vs. usa & friends would turn into nuclear desert . 
  a good reason to be afraid . 
   lovely place at times it 's ` breathtaking ' - literally . 
   im not a fan of these practices . 
  i treat all european citizens the same . 
  we should be paid comparable amounts . 
  amazon lainches the 5th logistic center here - guess why -_- ? 
  dunno , my company is known of greed in cracow . 
  i work in java related field . 
  i beg to differ , i work in it with just 3,4 k pln net ( 4 years in it ) , so nope ... 
  i work in i.t. 
  and the only positive thing i can say is people . 
  salary sucks big time , work + commuting takes up to 11,5 hours . 
  if anything , my job taught me to hate people . 
  i feel dead inside since 3-4 years , since i started work in this industry . 
  mostly ff & google , rarely iron as browser , on the phone - opera, 
  it depends if you have any family ties with poland . 
  without it you can increase your chances of getting citizenship learning hard and so-so useful language ( b2 level is a must ) , better be christian , being non-white has its drawbacks on local level . 
  being a rare specialist or having a unique set of skills can make you appealing for government . 
  at very least 5 years , unless you are a sport star or somebody of thic caliber then it goes faster . 
  with decent grades from school you have a fair chance to get on uni and graduate from it - without fees or debt ( very uncommon here ) . 
  public transport : -50 % and slightly less on trains . 
  some shops offer -10 -15 % discount for students . 
  uni years also count towards more paid days off when you start working ( counted as 5 years , masters ) 8 + years = 26 paid days off . 
  for rent it 's just 5 % , but with paying off my credit instalment it goes up to 50 % of my salary . 
  high salary in it my ass -_- ... 
  well ... i use ampersand , but it might be just me and the fact it 's used a lot in it . 
  volkswagen beetle : garbus ( hunchback ) bmw : b-mka , dresow\u00f3z ( ~ tracksuit vehicle ) fiat 126p - maluch ( the little one ), 
  where to begin ... 
   krakow is beautiful in summer : indeed , currently : not so much air quality-wise ... and wr had worse smog than beijing a few days ago . 
  mask shops are having their best time . 
  source : i live in it ... 
  is n't the newest star wars movie shot in croatia ? 
  yattaman , capitan tsubasa , chip & dale , turtles ( tmnt ) , gummi bears, 
  you can try searching pszcz\u00f3\u0142ka maja . 
   lolek in bolek sounds like r-18 production . 
  my vote goes for genders . 
  triend to learn german 3 times from fresh start and got stuck at a2 level : / . 
  bonus difficuly : we have some loanwords in polish taken from german , but they have different gender e.g. 
  das dach ( n. ) vs ( ten ) dach ( m. ) . 
  hue , hue , hue :p, 
  elusive a/the - my biggest wtf of english ? 
  we do n't have articles in polish . 
  so many tenses and in fact you use like 3-4 in day-to-day situations ?
