   ~ 30 years for hungary to fully catch up with western european gdp-levels . 
  the thing is , the western europe is also getting richer with each year . 
  it 's considered central , not eastern - at least here . 
  good to know that i 'm below junior salary with 4 years in it under my belt ( cracow ) . 
  to give you some idea , purchasing power in poland is 4 way lower than in western countries . 
  in my case , i get around 3000 pln montly , efficiently 1500 pln after rent and other taxes . 
  1500 pln translates into around 350 euro . 
  transport might be cheap , but it does n't change the fact that i 'm not a fan of taking food supplies with me to my target country . 
  straight to he point , cost of everyday life on the west is higher . 
  i see you 're from the gb . 
  to give you some idea , guess why people come to the gb to seek work . 
  money . 
  atm almost every euro country is no-no for me . 
  it 's basically 4 more expensive than here . 
  applied cs graduate here , so ... i have 200k pln ~ 50k euro debt to pay off for 20 years for my flat . 
  my salary as programmer is kinda crap ~ 1k euro after tax . 
  i work in polish it corporation , so maybe that 's why . 
  after deducting monthly payment my salary is almost at level of cashier in market . 
  it does n't give me much job or motivation : / . 
  i have no debt from studying as for polish citizens at some decent level of grades studies are free of charge . 
  i was on mobile , just noticed your flair on pc :p . 
  i have 40 days of paid vacations and no money to go anywhere -_- . 
  any country on the wrst is too expensive for my polish pocket . 
  thanks to pln/euro exchange rate . 
  in richer countries , peopke may value their time more than money , but here ... 
  in poland we have even a category for people : beliving ( in a god ) , but not practising ( not attending mass every sunday ) . 
  people are quite down to earth with faith : vatican says one thing regarding condoms and people do another . 
  of course in more rural areas the church has more influence . 
  well , i think the usa is a better place if your priority is to earn a lots of cash in a short time . 
  at least in it . 
  that 's kinda funny as we have not a high number of patents compared to germany . 
  emmm i do n't get the joke . 
  as for usa well , they are loud , full of themselves and ... well forrest gump iq ;p . canada keeps kinda low profile and it 's rather seen in positive light here . 
  you wanted to buy a new one anyway , right ? 
  better now :p ? 
  however , i think frog legs are more popular topic for jokes than baguettes . 
  well , i live in krak\u00f3w  . 
  many tourists , ( drunk ) students and ... chicks !, 
  the city is quite conservative in nature , despite of its openness to foreigners . 
  now we know how australia got into eurovision ... 
  expected something like `` swagden '' or something :( . 
   from/about the nazi-era :     q : what 's the difference between an optimistic and a pessimistic german ? 
  - a : the optimist learns english , the pessimist russian . 
  i like that one . 
  served in china . 
  you know just like ... frogs , it 's the same type of stereotype . 
  `` some '' people do that , but everyone ? 
  well , we have not so far to the land of true former nazis ... 
  we steal cars ( looking at you germany ! ), 
  and everybody here drinks lots of vodka . 
  british english . 
  it 's almost like austria and australia . 
  also not known amongst russians :d / s ? 
  last time it was known in eu , it was n't quite good news for you . 
  invasion on czechoslovakia is mentioned on books and it 's not a the very best page of our history . 
  as for romania - i have no idea , at least from the top of my head . 
  know here as poland a ( left , richer ) , and poland b. 
  if you 're abroad , the whole train or street does n't want to know topic of your talk . 
  you do n't need to speak/shout loud !, 
  germany , all hands down . 
  i can assure you it 's not very highlighted in our history taught at schools . 
  i had to look it up on wiki : `` in 1922 , in the aftermath of the polish-soviet war and polish-lithuanian war , poland also officially annexed central lithuania following a plebiscite , which was never recognised by lithuania . '', 
  if you mean wars against germany and ussr , then yeah we are fucked by our geopolitical location since i remember . 
  something from -20 up to 40c in summer . 
  i use google.pl . 
  good to know  . 
  well , i still think that literature and history affects language , so sooner or later they need to learn most basic things from those two . 
  language often relies on cultural references or historical facts . 
  i know , just saying . 
   russian second out of question , at least here . 
  we had it 25 years ago ... 
   french would probably be more useful internationally pls no ... my tongue, 
  english has like 11-12 tense variations ? 
  plot twist : you speak neither . 
  lesser of two evils . 
  french has more fucked up pronunciation than german ( log words are bearable ) imo . 
   i 'd be very surprised if anything happened even in eastern europe which is generally considered the ... less friendly to foreigners . 
  it must n't be ruled out ( every society have pricks looking for a victim to break them bones for no reason , right ? 
  ) , but if he had arrived here , he would be assessed more by usefulness to society rather than his skin colour , however it still plays some role here . 
  and bonus points for being american , at least here . 
   if you 're moving somewhere as long as you make an effort to integrate ( language being the more important one ) than nobody is going to treat you badly . 
  this . 
  source : eastern europe citizen, 
  that 's kinda low standard ( ok , learning german is not so easy - source : me ) ? 
  no literature or history of germany ? 
  i guess it will be as with every other smaller neighbour country of poland : we like them , and they think we are a `` predator '' and wanting to conquer them -_- . 
   overblown by foreign media so if you know it then what 's the idea of this thread ? 
  i 'm more concerned about of france or germany at this point in light of recent attacks . 
   i 'd like to know what all of you who experience or have experienced daily life in these two countries from my experience not much has changed . 
  apart from black pr we get from foreign media and parents getting some benefits for kids ( 500 + pln ) , i would say it 's quite normal here . 
  as for propaganda , if you live in this country ( no idea about hungary ) , you get use to ignore this shit . 
  0 , 25 \u00f7 4 = 0 , 0625 how does it more difficult , i do n't know . 
  besides , i can bet most of constuctions are designed with computers help . 
  maybe in the western countries , but as far as i 'm aware consoles and apple hardware are quite rare and expensive here . 
  maybe ? 
  but you probably lose special status within the eu and many heads will fall in your parlament . 
  i do n't image it to be so easy , especially when votes were almost 50-50 . 
  it 's probably cheaper for them to get a degree here than in the usa . 
  those 3 are closer , but from my perspective the usa still gives better wages if you can work there as contractor . 
  especially in it .
