  you get my point . 
  well you took it to extrime , i guess . 
  we are far from having neonazis - given our history . 
  right wing retards , sure , we have plenty . 
  our problem with muslims is their lack of adaptation and thinking : i should get everything for free . 
  no you wo n't get a shit for free and you better start learning skills useful in a new country . 
  is this so much to ask for ? 
  these days it 's basically a frozen conflict . 
  both sides fortified their lines and peace treaty does n't hinder exchanging fire . 
  people still die there . 
  as far as i 'm aware russian gov. 
  workers were told to take days off and go there with families for holidays . 
  no idea if it was paid by government or not . 
  so they were trying to kill you ? 
  but it 's a single animation and i thought op wanted a list of more regular animated series rather than one shots . 
  then why do we hear in news about some coloured madman with guns shooting to people every now and then there ? 
  for some reason we or other countries with low number of muslims do n't have this problem . 
  i would avoid all countries who have problem with muslims : germany , france and belgium . 
  they should fix their problem with multi-culti first if they want tourists to feel safe there . 
  something , something ongoing war ? 
  mostly floods if anything at all . 
  [ jaja ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=jaja&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjb-6-qw-dpahvcbhqkhtuzdy4q_auiccgb&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=613 ), 
  it 's a draw between tusk ( traitor who fled to brussels , merkel 's servant ) and kaczy\u0144ski ( considered insane by some ) . 
  pick your poison . 
  gals yes , but it varies from person to person and guys never . 
  it 's perceived gay af . 
   basically people from any country in europe will say it 's their national characteristic that they like to drink and to complain . 
  vatican too ? 
   you may have been fucked by communism economically but you will recover in time . 
  sure , but it 's very unlikely it will happen during their lifetime . 
  so basically , poland a and b  . 
  my only regret why the heck english had to be polluted with `` french '' . 
  w h y ? 
  i find words of french origin in english as really fucked up pronunciation-wise . 
  i have nothing to french as language , but i was n't signing up for learning it with english , just ... no . 
  maybe not speak as i have hardly any chance to use english in that way , but it 's a `` must have '' in it . 
  on everyday basis , it helps reading manuals/tutorials and i write every now and then on various forums . 
  do n't expect some 3d stuff or omg special effects . 
  german - the most frequently picked as the second foreign language . 
  why ? 
  as our richer neighbour the offer better prospects for well-paid job and generally life standard . 
  it 's one of the most important trade partner in eu and many german companies relocate their offices e.g. 
  amazon of lufthansa . 
  we have some difficult history with them , but money is money . 
  russian - used to be the most important 25 years ago  . 
  those days it 's mostly taught near our eastern boarder . 
  valued in business . 
  french , spanish - unless you want to go abroad , teach or work as a guide or as diplomat , i see no big value to learn those . 
  french used to be important here , especially in diplomacy , but lost its position to english . 
  already existing law seems to suit our needs . 
  the existing law is intend to make abortion only available in very specific cases , especially with our very low birth-rate . 
  i do n't justify having a kid from rape or other pathology , but getting an abortion instead of anti-conception is simply stupid . 
  no need to . 
  you reminded me how germans write tickets in english in our bug reporting system : every noun written by capital letter . 
  what do you get by getting a polish pass over a german one ? 
  still imo german pass  polish pass . 
  pierogi ( preferably ruskie - sic ! ), 
   some context : i was talking to two of my european friends ( separately , not at the same time ) and when they found out that i drive a pickup truck they both started laughing and giving me a hard time about fulfilling the `` cowboy '' stereotype . 
  i guess you can partly blame for it omnipresence of guns in the usa . 
  after all it was one of cowboy 's attributes . 
  go for german , i mean if you want to earn serious money dach countries is a way to go . 
  besides , english and german are the same family of languages , so it might be easier for your to learn it . 
  out of curiosity , how do you feel about that * worse * part of your country ( ddr ) ? 
  it was also communistic . 
   father says it 's medical , but of course , it 's rakija with an even more questionable alcohol content making it perhaps flammable . 
  fair enough . 
  accepted . 
   i do with the czech/polish ones because their new names are so hard to pronounce . 
  trust me - it works both ways . 
   krakk\u00f3 i guess you do n't have two u-s in hungarian like we do in polish ( u / \u00f3 ) and this is some sort of accent ? 
  i think you had your limit of * master races * in history ... 
   hoff come on [ kung fury ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztidn2dbyby ), 
  they are outsourcing because it 's very cheap - think india or china , but within eu and probably better trained . 
  if it were so good as you say , we would n't go to the uk , germany and other rich countries working there for our better future . 
  in statistics yes , but if you want to buy stuff like tv , computers , cars , go abroad you 're piss poor . 
  purchasing power is horrible . 
   my ( old ) country ( poland ) hidden german option ? 
   tell hitler he ca n't draw . 
  well at least his book is still [ selling well ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/02/23/hitlers-mein-kampf-is-now-a-best-seller-in-germany/ ) . 
  i hope it wo n't end up like the last time it was popular ... 
  you are making history !, 
  so basically an extensive entertainment at national level ? 
   generally germans are kinda trusted by everyone overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer ... v4 begs to differ . 
  why not the best of the two worlds ? 
   ( you know , because of its commie past , and americans do n't like commies so much ) i think it has more to do with high overstay percentage and general wealth gap than commie past . 
  it 's not true . 
   dual citizenship  allowed under following circumstances :  4 ) if a child born to german parents acquires another citizenship at birth ( e.g. , based on place of birth [ birth in jus-soli countries mostly of the americas ] , or descent from one parent [ one german parent and one foreign parent ] ) . 
  more info : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law#dual_citizenship, 
  german is way better . 
  you will have problems getting to the usa with a polish one . 
  i have 3 candidates as picking one might be kinda hard , given how mixed traits we have from west and east . 
  - ukraine ( geographically-wise ) - the same family of languages , share the same sad communist past , used to be one country for some time in the history - hungary - not much too say , our brother in arms ( and drinking ) !, 
  - croatia - southern slavs , similar language ( to some extend ofc ) , same religion , one of the two the most popular and safe destinations for poles in 2016 within eu next to spain if i had to pick just one , i would probably lean towards hungary . 
   we tend to be self-important with delusions of grandeur about our role in the region and the world [ christ of nations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christ_of_europe ), 
  germany and russia tried to wipe us from european map for many centuries , but we are still here !, 
  you mean imported or locals ? 
  nordic stereotypes hmmmm ... lots of snow , rich , pale , heavy drinkers . 
  for me finland associates with : vodka , snow , sauna and fighting russians ( +1 in my book ) . 
   ichuj : for when you really want to give a fuck !, 
  :d ftfy potential here is limitless ...
