  i we gon na to invent a dildo with apple 's design it has to be named ichuj , just has . 
  wolna amerykanka - no rules , everything is permitted in order to reach one 's goal, 
  not sure if it meant to be touching , more like i 'm a very bitter person and complain a lot on my life situation , but i try to keep appearance of sanity  . 
  `` do n't rejoice before the evening . '', 
  - polish version is similar , but a bit longer : do n't praise the day before the sunset and a women before her death . 
  sorry ladies : x. 
  i already hate it as it 's true and hurts ... 
  initially it was n't mean to be , but it turned out otherwise  . 
  at times , i think they paid someone for this free advertising . 
  why any other product has this problem in german language ? 
  still better than mlask ( click ) or mi\u0119dzymordzie ( interface ) . 
  too lazy to link wiki on the phone , sorry . 
  as for poland ask for play starter in kiosk . 
  valid 30 days : 2 gb for 9pln or 6 gb for 20 pln . 
  1 usd ~ 3,9 pln . 
  i guess the uk has the most experience on this topic . 
  asked do we speak russian here . 
  nice , my 2 days of work in it here.time rethink my career path . 
  whatever . 
  fyi 98 % people here are white , so seeing a non-white person is kinda rare here ? 
  maybe not in cracow as it 's a touristy place . 
  i was forced to take 5 days off and was n't in the mood , especially after that attack of a guy who killed 120 people with truck in france . 
  out of curiosity : what 's a normal price for such ` services ' by german standatds ? 
  any particular demographics in those places ? 
  from my vacations in croatia , i remember milions of ` zimmer frei ' signs . 
  from my personal experience , young french , especially coloured ones tend to be frickin loud and misbehave way above an average . 
  i could notice that during last world youth day in cracow . 
  apart from that i have nothing you as a nation  . 
  something something beautiful girls . 
   lack of smiling , eye contact in everyday life , cold attitude towards strangers good , now i feel like a real pole . 
  or maybe i take it to the next level with my `` killer looks '' ? 
  no idea . 
  i would say the louder ( looking at your france !, 
  ) / darker their skin is the more it is true , but i 'm not racist - just hate people below some level of behaviour . 
  eurovision first - no exceptions !, 
  they should first enter eurovision . 
  if they send kawaii singer we can reconsider it . 
  yes ... in polish you do n't have explicit genders : der , die , das . 
  english  german all day , every day at least when it comes to grammar complexity . 
  to be honest i 'm quite annoyed with just genders + cases in german i mean ... come on ... how fu * ked it that : / . 
  the problem is it 's oil thirsty . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like them very much - look at flair - but it means nothing if you 're small in comparison to them.besides , it 's probably the most sane choice from superpowers : russia , china and the usa . 
  for me it was easy to remember as polish is a different thing than polish : x. 
   i 'm rather optimistic wine xd ? 
  and then you wonder why the uk is considered an oddball in europe : their best buddy is outside the continent . 
   at least for us hungarians , we have a previous history of hostile relations to all our neighbors ( except croatia ) on our end , we had to deal for ages with a location between germany and russia . 
   i can understand that it 's not such a big deal for poland , since hungary is now only about a quarter of the size of poland and from an economic point of view germany is a lot more important . 
  i woul n't be so sure . 
  after all germany is mostly : go there , work , get euro ... profit , but we do n't see eye to eye in quite many things . 
  and some people still do n't like to hear here german language . 
  just read today about an academic teacher who was headbutted for speaking german in a tram in warsaw with a friend . 
   here in denmark i think it 's often considered anything that were under the `` iron curtain '' during the cold war . 
  and that 's why we do n't want to be asociated with east = poor . 
  surely not the polish minority in the uk . 
  as far as i 'm aware , we have \u0141\u00f3d\u017a = polish detroit . 
  former industrial city which currently had its hard time . 
  no idea when it comes to crime rate , but poland is generally very safe . 
  my city , cracow is a subject of jokes about hortible air quality ( top 10 in the eu ) and machetes . 
  who cares ? 
  in most cases , both sides understand each other . 
  i wonder if there 's a case where it would cause a major problem . 
  english *, 
  i 'm polish and i hate alcohol . 
  thank you for info !, 
  subtitles , i kinda hate english dub in japanese animations , also forces you to read text faster if you want to watch some of action in the movie source : anime :d, 
  i think i would play along and talk in polish with him , till he commits some serious mistake then sorry ... i probably could n't help myself , but hey we like people making us laugh and i would explain him what he said . 
  a foreigner , without polish parents , speaking decent polish language is a rare breed , thus making his/her effort much appreciated . 
   so now i always stick to german because i 'm assuming the other person wants to practice . 
  we need more people like you !, 
  ... or their german will be no more bearable for your ears and you switch to english : x. 
  whenever you go , do n't be fucnkin loud talking - especially in trams . 
  do n't expect eu citizens to be so open like americans , but it does n't mean we are less friendly . 
  i thin , we smile less than you , but if we do ... it 's more genuine . 
  generally , meals are in smaller portions than in the usa :p . 
  looks like our prices ... 4.4 pln = 1 euro . 
  out of curiosity : what is the level of english in those places ? 
  as you can guess , my proficiency in romanian has ~ ~ lots to be desired ~ ~ does n't exist . 
  does n't work in polish , at least cyka blyatt . 
  now we just need permissions for guns ... 
  to make switzerland great again and ... somebody will pay for it ? 
  i mean bare minimum that most people earn just to get by , but ca n't afford anything besides that . 
  salary . 
  aaaand that 's why i did n't get it  . 
  til, 
  do n't distract me , i 'm in the middle of doing our national sport : complaining . 
  how was it going : arbeit macht ... in seriousness , at least in germany your work is well valued , hell even being jobless is not too shabby . 
  these millions wanting to get to sweden , germany and the uk ca n't be wrong ? 
   ~ ~ us ~ ~ west europeans are much more `` work to enjoy luxuries , life is for living '' . 
  ftfy, 
  it does n't work that way in some parts of eu ... 
  agreed on die kurve , but die kunde , huh ? 
  the latter one , my polish perspective it does n't sound odd - just neutral , like wtf does it even mean , if i had n't learned german . 
  it 's not even half what i earn here in it after tax ... well , you have `` lux '' in your country name for a reason . 
  also found croatian rok ( fixed time , set term , deadline ) = rok ( year ) polish croatian jutro ( morning ) = jutro ( tommorow ) = polish , our schedules my slightly differ ... croatian pravo ( straight on ) = na prawo ( we do n't have v letter ) ` to the right ' polish and good luck asking for directions :p, 
  sounds like an intro to some g ( ay ) class ( hentai ) animation . 
  keep going ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) . 
  mandatory honorary mention goes to kurwa word . 
  i guess every slav knows the meaning . 
  `` panna '' means mrs. in polish , but `` virgin '' in czech , * takes notes *, 
   is there anything pan-slavic going on ?
