  we have quite some number of words taken or adapted from you what i find fascinating  . 
  polish case : money . 
  in the uk they suddenly have 2 and more kids . 
  oh , well maybe it 's just me being salty over my current situation . 
  still it collides with an image of german tourists . 
  20-30 years of paying off mortage , really ? 
  food is cheap , but still a bigger part of home budget than on the west . 
  first you need a car which often is also expensive unless you buy a second-hand one . 
  i 'm just curious how things are going to work out after cutting eu funds after 2020 . 
  so far it 's growth fueled by eu money , but we still lack heavy industry . 
  that 's my point . 
  it 's worse here than in the uk purchasing-power-wise . 
  like we do n't have young ones here as well ... it 's all about money and life standard . 
  poland can into significance !, 
  sexy slavs are sexy !, 
  reference : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8j3gag5zai, 
  we complain because we have western prices , but local salaries . 
  you want to buy a new samsung galaxy 7 or iphone - too bad your salary is 4 times less worth than westerner . 
  have n't noticed or it 's just us comparing to germany . 
  something , something russian money, 
  cheer up hungary , we still love you in v4 group :d . 
  if i 'm reading this table correctly , we have +50 % increase in gdp , but the thing is we have very low base to the growth . 
  no you do n't want to be between germany and russia , just do n't :p . for reference take our history . 
  i do n't complain that i 'm european , but if you want to buy something abroad like a piece of new technology or even have kids you need high income you suddenly realise your income is nothing . 
  we have western prices , but local salaries . 
  besides , we have one of the lowest fertility rate amongst females , but funny enough poles in the uk have suddenly 2 + kids . 
  do you see correlation ? 
  source : http://www.indexmundi.com/g/r.aspx?c=pl&amp;v=31, 
  agreed . 
  how the heck you have still over 1k euro  _  . 
  at least you have more sunny days ... 
  yeah in statistics . 
  millions abroad can not lie , do n't they ? 
  give me such `` crisis '' as it 's in greece ... or spain . 
  there 's a joke here : what 's the difference between communism and capitalism ? 
  in communism one took advantage of the other man , in capitalism is the other way around ... 
  that 's the tricky part ... people want to be at western level during their lifetime , not want to wait for mythical wealth . 
  come on , lordi was kinda entertaining . 
  even if it was a freak show , hey at least they did it well !, 
  why do you have to remind me that we are poor , again ? 
  suddenly , israel gets 12 points . 
  it was meant to be taken with a pinch of salt in the first place  . 
  the jury fucked us up , but do n't underestimate polish emigration . 
  kinda too bad that songs winning this contest pure thanks to skill/performance are few and far between . 
  and more snakes/spiders :d, 
  lordi in 2006 !, 
  for starters stop trying to build gas pipes with russian over our heads and get some equipped army ffs . 
  lordi was awesome . 
  and they got many 12 across eu for finland in 2006 . 
  and so does russia with their puppet states . 
  at least poles working there , benefit their host countries . 
  you do n't even image how poles try to be noticed be the western eu . 
  euro 2012 was a good chance if we did n't suck at football . 
  not enough jews pulling strings in commisions for us / s, 
  plot twist : they wo n't even mention it in media, 
  better than germany !, 
  we need canada too !, 
  neither does the conflict in ukrainie for the whole western eu , right germany ? 
  one can not simply overlook polish emigration . 
  at least you win in football . 
  poland can not into championship ;( . 
  poland is happy . 
  russia lost , our struggling neighbour ukraine won , we got a lot of points from publicity , so no shame being in top tier of contestants . 
  not sure about germany , but i guess merkel & their policy was a big middle finger . 
  we did n't win , but neither does russia - i 'm happy :p . besides , the 8th place is still good in comparison to recent contests . 
  wo n't happen - english is more practical than so-called variety . 
  public votes are kinda the same , i guess . 
  jury votes looked like : f u russia ; o. i did n't mind australia to win too . 
  it was kinda clear to me after the first jury results . 
  not that it makes me sad  . 
  at least it 's not so rigged like it was in the old system . 
  cuz the uk did n't win ;p . 
  payback time for immigrants & merkel / s, 
  cuz politics . 
  like israel and north korea give a fuck about treaties . 
  we are quite serious about gaming industry . 
  i believe this is just a cover for military purposes ( surprise ? ), 
  like simulators , but whatever , still a great move . 
  http://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2016-12-19-cd-projekt-red-techland-receive-grants-from-polish-governments-usd27-4m-research-fund polish agriculture was kinda ... maybe not backwards , but scattered whereas eu prefers big farms which can produce more food . 
  i do n't like this direction as it leads to quantity over quality : / . 
  at least for now , food is quite healthy compare to the western stuffed with antibiotics , at least these coming from huge farms . 
   it 's your chance to get leverage to build sustainable industries . 
  i 'm afraid it wo n't be so easy . 
  unlike germany , we do n't have a lot of heavy industry , mines will be probably shut down and we do n't have many well-known companies with exceptions like cd projekt red ( witcher 3 ) . 
  at very least we have new infrastructure like roads or high speed internet , but it does n't translate to much difference in an average joe 's life standard . 
  i see it differently : we are natural hub for both armies going both from the west and east ... and so far we are just cheap workforce within eu . 
  our location is tragic , history proved it at least a few times , unless we get nukes to scare off potential aggressor . 
  and if we would like to advance on salary ladder , there 's still romania in eu which is probably cheaper than us . 
  sure improving from shithole level . 
  in statistics it looks nice , but the problem is these wealthy counties also grow . 
  it will take generations if not centuries to catch up to the western europe and soon financial support will be ceased ( by 2020 ) . 
  not that we have any noticeable brands abroad like vw , bosch or sap . 
  it will take decades to if not generations to get to your level of wealth . 
   it sometimes feels like the only reason that poland is so pro eu is because of all the money pumped into the country . 
  does this assumption hold any truth ? 
  well ... it surely helps to like someone if they ~ ~ give ~ ~ throw money at you . 
  as far as i 'm aware the biggest benefit in pools for eu is freedom of movement = you can emigrate from this ~ ~ german/us colony ~ ~ country or other rich country . 
  what a surprise ? 
  citizens of rich countries have money to travel ... in other news water is wet . 
  i think it were 4 countries including canada , japan and 2 more , but all of them reacted on this or at last put this matter in motion in order to solve it asap .
