  i still do n't get it why do you stick to impetial measure units ? 
  if i were english native , i would pick spanish in its place . 
  i go for best value/effort ratio , so i picked german . 
  those milions of migrants mus n't be wrong . 
  plot twist : unless it 's german language . 
  it 's depended on your last job duration . 
  twelve months is a minimum here . 
  and i do n't comment anyone going to job office - this is how job hell looks like . 
  they offer you ridiculous leftovers from job market and you 're pressured by them to accept it or you gon na lose benefits . 
  0/10 would not recommend . 
   germans & funny in one sentence : s ? 
  speaking on the topic , i have to agree on those 3 countries . 
  i wish i would recommend poland , but the colour of skin is a factor here till your prove yourself socially and even then you might encounter some people picking on you . 
  wages are low by western standards in it , but still way , way higher than salaries in other sectors . 
   but you have to speak polish the hard part , but not impossible . 
  mandatory : but why polish ? 
  i hardly find any reason benefiting foreigners . 
   i ca n't even pronounce half of the words . 
  you know my pain when i see selbstbedienungsgesch\u00e4ft * 6 :d , but i hate to admit pronunciation is kinda easy ( in comparison to english ) , just words are loooooooooooong ... 
  i feel you bro with german . 
  try learning german sone time :d . at least , english does n't hit you in the face with the grammar like a truc ... lorry ( early stage ) . 
  i think it 's more related to national mindset before '89 that we are worse as a nation . 
  after '89 it was not way better as country was poor in comparison to germany or other western countries ( it 's still ` cheap ' here for western standards ) . 
  and money is everything these days . 
  you want to have good football team - you need to invest money , you want to have a good army - you need money , you want to have a good economy - you first need money to build factories . 
  it 's nothing wrong with you wanting to be more polish , but you kinda stand out in crowd of people emigrating from here , going kinda in the opposite direction . 
  and you do n't complain - it 's so polish , so you 're more american i guess `` yes , we can ! '', 
  thanks  . 
  well no doubt that america gives a wonderful job opportunities , but i guess it 's for more resourceful people . 
  also when i think about somebody from the western world trying to get polish citizenship i immediately think : wtf is s/he doing ? 
  but why ? 
  it 's not logical . 
  good bot . 
  as far as i know there are : - [ greek love ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=greek%20love ) aka anal - french love and - spanish love aka titjob ( not sure if it 's just our polish name ), 
  u mad bro :p ? 
  i would post on this thread , but left wing commies would eat me alive : < . 
  using caps lock does n't make your arguments more convincing . 
  now you elaborated it a bit , but without that info , it looks like the main motive behind it is to get eu passport . 
  just like pregnant mothers flying to the usa to deliver on the american soil and get their babies easy us citizenship . 
  takes notes - a useful phrase , but i hate coffee :( . 
  now i need to figure out ` nen ' word . 
  according to / r/seduction sex should be on the first date . 
  blowjob is fine too . 
  theredpill goes even further . 
  holy cow !, 
  every hole is a goal there ? 
  making french love ^ ^ ' . 
  one polish parent is enough for kids to get the citizenship . 
  she 's a polish in bloodline sense , but not cultural . 
  if you asked me it feels kinda fake , buy according to the law she 's the right to it . 
  i think he means you are recognised as polish in eyes of border officers , but the language and the whole culture are missing . 
  you get these mostly by living here or being very determined to learn both . 
  she wants easy access to eu and has polish parents . 
  why bother with some other options when you can get it with almost no effort on your side ? 
  sounds like fun to me ? 
  have fun !, 
  had like 2 months off ( fully paid ) , but no idea what to do with it . 
  weak pln is also a factor when going abroad . 
  mostly think about germany or uk/ireland . 
  he wants countryside area . 
  i can not imagine more countryside area than lubelskie . 
  i would speak for my city : cracow . 
  uni city , touristy , easy to communicate in english , quite low cost of alcohol ( some irish might find it important :d ) and generally life expenses , easy to get a job with just english , close to zakopane - mountains . 
  on the down side : terrible air , polish is not easy . 
  you can live in countryside ( i think here about lublin and area around it ) , but it generally lowers your chance for a job with just english and salary is often worse than in cities . 
  good for you . 
  contrary to you , i do n't attracy any , but i kinda hate % and work in it , so yeah i do n't see myself with ladies . 
  this will help : www.eatglobe.com/products/food/bakery-confectionery/bakery-products/poland/4280-cebularz-lubelski-lublin-onion-bagel.html also found this one : easteuropeanfood.about.com/od/appetizers/r/polish-pork-lard-spread-recipe-smalec.htm, 
  you seem to delete your initial post ... and you asked the most popular genres of music in out countries . 
  in light of what remained in the title , they are called basically the same . 
  after all , they were taken from english ... 
  women must love you - walking mystery :d . 
  i would say rock and rap , but i guess which are group you mean in your question . 
  you know , it varies greatly . 
  [ cebularz ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/cebularz ) - something more common in my mother 's region than in my city in lesser poland , i prefer it combined with [ smietana ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smetana_%28dairy_product%29 ) pierogi - it 's a given , i guess ? 
  pischinger chocolate oblaten cake - cake made of layers of wafer and layer , sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet stuff :d placki kartoflane/ziemniaczane - potato pancakes usually served with sour cream , i eat it with smietana , but there are many options more info : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_polish_dishes, 
  more accurate is netzens than citizens . 
  and i think it 's ` normal ' in this sense that men want young women as partners and if they mus n't ` crab mentality ' kicks in . 
  check out who mel gibson is dating :p . 
  in thid case it 's more interesting . 
  anyway why do you care about opinions of some randoms not knowing you ? 
  i 'm more curious who comes from where in your relationship , but given your nick and knowing how does it work here , it 's not hard to guess . 
  my bet is you were called a creep in our lovely country , a stronghold of conservatism , right ? 
  i would say it 's s bit odd , but you 're a german , so in most cases = rich by out standards , so you will get social acceptance . 
  germany , i guess . 
  personally , i do n't care . 
  too many failed tournaments by our team . 
  the problem is no matter who will be ruling there , it will be the same . 
  putin by now is at least known `` enemy '' , it could be always worse . 
  besides , most of the time national security    economy . 
  personally , i do n't care about them . 
  this is the same sort of problems like gay marriages to me # 1stworldproblems . 
  if somebody is too soft and takes all literally that 's their problem . 
  i would gladly stay with something similar to the us law in this case . 
  yeah , it 's kinda the only way if you want to go from west top east and back . 
  the same with north/south of europe , given you want to avoid going through mountains . 
  poland is rather flat what i find a curse for us . 
  we always were on good terms with japan ( even during ww2 when they refused to wage war against us :d ) . 
  sole fact they are not a big fans of islam is a big plus here . 
  they are perceived very well as very diligent people and proud nation .
