  not surprising as i think we have one of higher number of hours spent at work , so i guess it partly affect the amount of leisure time to one 's disposal , let alone active recreation . 
  threre 's fuckton of work advertisments here atm , but the problem is wages . 
  some people have higher aspirations than working poor . 
  who gives a fuck about a law if you 're ( working ) poor ? 
  this country is basically india of eu - a huge outsourcing center . 
  pis won election mostly due to po failing to improve status of an average ( young ) pole . 
  you can read about gen. pi\u0142sudski . 
  his way of solving political problems was brutal at times , but he 's considered one of the biggest our leaders and patriots . 
  i 'm not saying we should resort to such methods , but pis won the election and for 3 years we will judge if they fullfiled their promises or not . 
  this is our internal problem and ` help ' from the outside is not very welcome . 
  in our history such ` help ' often ended badly for us as nation . 
   have you seen anyone as crazy as macierewicz at po ? 
  https://pl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/stefan_niesio\u0142owski  have you seen them make the public tv station into filthy propaganda 24/7 ? 
  tvn ( 24 )  po never abused the law like pis . 
  sure ... and tusk 's son had no connection to amber gold affair , nowak getting expensive watches , bronek & vanishing paintings and do n't forget about an episide in sowa & przyjaciele . 
  keep going and i 'll go for popcorn . 
  good , at least they do n't steal like po used to and this ... our parlament even looks like a circus . 
   major left-wing media have been obliterated or neutered . 
  sounds awesome , so no communism ? 
  20k is not the majority and people still remember corrupted 8 years of po . 
  for now pis is the best of all bad options we have . 
  i do n't see crowds on the streets , just a bunch of clowns in tv supported by swetru & friends . 
  at least pis is not stealing so far ... 
   since the ruling party has both a majority both chambers of the parliament , and the president , it 's unlikely that any real concessions will be made . 
  this is yet another event in a series of similar events , the basic theme being the ruling party doing something that the opposition calls illegal . 
  so far it is only escalating , no compromise is in sight . 
  like po was giving a fuck about pis when they had majority ... 
   poland came such a long way , from being a communist shithole to what essentially is today a 1st world ~ ~ country ~ ~ shithole/modern colony . 
  ftfy, 
  tourism of little green men near boarder intensifies ... 
  not much to say here . 
  we have good ratio of quality/wages workforce . 
  contrary to western nations take credits as we earn way less . 
  also eu money pumped into our infrastructure , helps to generate workplaces and we exported a good chunk of our citizens abroad . 
  they are another source of money spent here by their families . 
  still many think about emigrating with such low wages . 
  500 % of norm , comrade !, 
  you do n't knowwhat you are talking about . 
  all we have and see on parade on the 11th of november are nationalists which at times fight with a police , but that 's all . 
  it 's just a political folklore imo . 
  we do n't trust others much as western world sold us out to stalin after ww2 . 
  like france is smarter taking waves of questionable origin emmigrants blowing up their citizens every now and then . 
  as far as i 'm aware , we had like 0 of them . 
  sorry , but people do n't want to wait 4 or more generations to have life standard such is on the west . 
  so far we develop well thanks to eu finds , but the moment of truth is close . 
  after 2020 we will be paying more than get . 
  russia is diffrent weight category and their economy is more resource based than ours . 
  eu money makes wonders for public infrastructure . 
  maybe not amazingly ( our salaries vs. german ones ) , but they go up . 
  ` center pro-eu party ' so which one ? 
  po without tusk ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  young people voted for po once , but later he party paid for failing them in last election . 
  it 's hard to rebuild once lost trust . 
  not after heist they did during last 4 years . 
  if there 's anything poles ca n't stand , it 's using public funds on luxuries smiling them in faces . 
  using gay rights or taking immigrants in german fashon is a deathwish for any political party . 
  in such way po lost last election , they wanted to take immigrants . 
  as pools were showing , people strongly object that . 
  l u l cool story bro , but nope . 
  left wing parties which we have 0 in sejm are nowhere near victory with shitshow they present here . 
  tusk abandoned his po to make career in eu . 
  without him , this party has hardly any chance to win with pis . 
  they still have no idea how to run that party apart from being anti-pis . 
  oh no my dear , it works the other way around . 
  english/german are the most popular . 
  french/spanish/russian are present , but are not as useful given our geographical location and economic significance . 
  of course russian will be popular in eastern poland . 
  as for quality emmm ... emmmmm ... you wo n't speak fluently after just attending english classes at school . 
  ymmv of course . 
   were the lessons compulsory or elective ? 
  you need to take one exam from modern foreign language on matura exam . 
  in most cases we pick english for convenience . 
  aaaa high-five  !, 
  welp , medical tourism is a thing here . 
  given , your price is in euro ? 
   europe : poland w h y ? 
  curiosity . . 
  eu : hungary na : canada sa : brasil maybe , i know very little about countries there asia : japan africa : madagascar maybe ? 
  oceania : nz or australia, 
  lasik for both eyes is around 6000-7000 pln ( ~ 1500 euro ) in poland . 
  you can do it for about half of the price in poland . 
  greece - people loud at night and annoying , `` slow '' customer service in shops or i was just unlucky, 
  in my defense , we have slovak guy in our it department and i find the way he speaks near perfect polish ( have a polish wife , but no born and brought up abroad ) mildly amusing . 
  he 's so fluent at it that i do n't even focus on the way he speaks , unless he mispronounces one or two letter , so it reminds me he 's not polish native . 
   but since it seems to be part of `` the way things work '' in poland as you described . 
  but is n't it a part of human nature to seek powerful allies , because if you have connections - you 're somebody !, 
  it 's not russian or ukraine level of corruption by any means , but you will have hard time opposing currently ruling party . 
  it 's partly a reason why so many people here went abroad as all good occupations are already taken and protected by older generation with influential friends . 
   poles are seen as the one who stand their ground and fight . 
  but often we paid in blood for it , let alone stolen/destroyed cultural treasures . 
   seem to keep the good products for the local market and export the not-so-good products funny as from my perspective , the good stuff our farmers produce here goes to germany as they can get more money for it . 
  germans do the same as every now and then some tabloid finds out than our biscuits have more palm oil instead of genuine butter in them . 
  maybe he meant you 're well-off . 
  money jacked tourist = good tourist . 
  i thought about this guy : [ simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simo_h%c3%a4yh%c3%a4 ) . 
  he probably was n't liked much after ww2 in russia . 
  schwertritter probably represents left-wing option , so now everything is hitler level dictatorship for them . 
  gib back muh power . 
  most people are quire happy with pis and if they fuck up anything , we can change them , but the question is with who with ?
