  similar in polish , but it 's `` do you live in a tram ? '', 
  however , it only applies to people not closing the door . 
  not with skwarki , lots of animal fat and other shit we love to add to them . 
  i 'm greatly lowering that average for my country . 
  well , you can celebrate brexit - independence from horrible eu : s. 
  i wonder when scotland will get one soon ... / s, 
  mediterranean diet : lots of fishs , vegetables , a diet of a type traditional in mediterranean countries , characterized especially by a high consumption of vegetables and olive oil and moderate consumption of protein , and thought to confer health benefits . 
  definitely not what we eat on daily basis . 
  lots of potato based dishes and bread ... lots of it . 
  mamed khalidov - mma fighter , holds polish citizenship having chechen ethnicity , born in russia roman polanski - born in paris , known worldwide for his movies ( pianist , oliver twist ) ... and the fact he 's getting away from us court for a rape of a 13-year-old model during a photo session many years ago . 
  i 'm not that up to date with very recent news ( believe it or not ) , last thing i recall from british isles was grenfell tower fire . 
  that makes things even worse . 
  niez\u0142y meksyk ~ that 's some mexico , hard to translate literaly , it means chaos wolna amerykana - `` free american '' , catch -- as -- catch -- can elegancja francja - french elegance , said when something things are going smoothly [ udawa\u0107 greka ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/udawa%c4%87_greka ) - to play stupid ; to pretend not to know or understand something czeski film - lit . 
  a czech movie , a humorous term used to describe a situation when nobody knows what 's going on , it originates from a czech movie `` nikdo nic nev\u00ed '' . 
  do n't part the skin on a bear , english , means do n't count your chicken before they are hatched ton\u0105cy brzytwy si\u0119 chwyta - a drowning man clutches at razor , english version a drowning man clutches at straws wierci\u0107 komu\u015b dziur\u0119 w brzuchu - drill a hole in your belly , means to pester somebody, 
  [ san escobar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/san_escobar ), 
  so you should be fine . 
   there are people there saying that 's okay for refugees to drown , we do n't want to kill them , but exporting problem ( non-adapting muslims , lowly skilled workers , counting on social benefits ) to other , less capable , countries does n't solve it , just waters it down a bit . 
  your situation and theirs are different . 
  szwab , szkop , helmut - german pepicki - czechs ruski , kacapy - russians \u017cabojady ( frogs eaterss ) - french makaroniarze ( pasta eating guys ) - italians fajfokloki ( five ' o clock + tea ? ), 
  - english, 
  as somebody living in a country which is wrongfully pointed out as intollerant , let me ask you a few questions . 
  1 ) do you plan to be valuable member of society ? 
  work instead of counting on social benefits . 
  2 ) do you plan to learn about your host country and its citizens ? 
  learn the language , customs , participate in them and so on . 
  3 ) will you try to enforce your views , culture , religion on us ? 
  do n't confuse it with having your own opinion or being slightly exotic . 
  you can always find a group in a dark street who will gladly kick your ass ... cuz they feel like it . 
  besides you mentioned , you 're american what gives bonus points in countries like mine . 
  as for me and german : 1 ) salaries here are a joke compared to theirs , imagine playstation 4 costing 1400 euro as pln is worth 4 times 2 ) we have a good number of loanwords and sometimes with interesting origin as wiehaister or matura ( austrian if i recall )  3 ) knowing english gives a slight bonus to learning german, 
  in poland it 's not a norm , but it 's not frowned upon . 
  frankly speaking , they secretly count on it as waiter 's base salary is n't high . 
  coffee : no idea , i do n't drink it beer : 1,5-5 pln ( 1 bottle / can ) , 1,5 pln levels are tesco beer quality :p milk : 2-3 pln / 1l chocolate bar : 2-5 pln per 100 g bar loaf of bread : 4 pln + per 1 loaf cinema ticket : 14-25 pln transportation : on way ticket 3,8 - 5 pln rent : 800-1200 pln for a person , it depends if you share costs with somebody and localisation if you want euro prices , divide by 4 . 
  being between germany and russia . 
  right now it 's ok at least with germany , but as history teaches us ... also , polish companies have a mind-set of competing with foreign rivals with cheap workforce = low salaries for us . 
   people tend to think about poland as a poor country , but it only takes 1 ryanair flight to warsaw to realise that they are far from being poor . 
  it 's a capital , so everything there is way above country standard of living be it salaries , prices or infrastructure . 
  we 're still poor by ( western ) eu standards . 
   katowice you ca n't say if you are in poland or in germany . 
  given , you can find german words in various places every now and then . 
  people are too lazy to change it , nothing new . 
  equally with hammer and sickle . 
  i like it and i do n't have any negative associations as with hakenkreuz or hammer and sickle . 
  to be honest , i 've never put too much thought into it . 
  i kinda feel the same about poland . 
  the perfect combination would be earn in euro ( without leaving the country ) , spend here . 
  still working on it . 
  nope , mostly english if any . 
  butthurt ;p ? 
   poland declared war on japan as a result of the japanese attack on pearl harbor , together with other neutral countries . 
  prime minister hideki t\u014dj\u014d 's answer was following : `` we do n't accept the polish declaration of war . 
  the poles , fighting for their freedom , declared war under the british pressure '' . 
   before the war , in the thirties , poland has established a fairly specific relations with japan . 
  representatives of the imperial family unofficially visited the country on the vistula , were signed bilateral trade agreements , but it most intensively cooperate both intelligence agencies . 
  both the polish and japanese information services as a priority recognize the acquisition of data on the soviet union . 
  so why they would not work together when their interests converge , and both countries lay apart far enough . 
  business went well until 1939 , when war broke out again , and poland disappeared from the map of europe.countries continued to cooperate with each other in obtaining data on the ussr and the germans and polish agents traveled the world with diplomatic passports manchukuo ( then controlled precisely by the '' enemy '' the japanese ) . 
  we had a common , way stronger enemy ussr and it unites . 
  finland ... it 's closer from my place . 
  seeing what germany & co does with immigrant issue : nope . 
  all i know is that before ww2 , jews had the whole quarter in cracow , known as kazimierz.these days , you can see an orthodox jew every now and then , but most people do n't show off with their jewish roots . 
  poland and japan were in good relationships during ww2 despite being in opposing fighting sides . 
  also , japan rejected our war declaration against them . 
  polish , english , a bit german , c and java . 
  hentai ( from japanese - pervert ) without 2 letters to make it less obvious . 
  some people do n't even know what 's this . 
  why ... do i have to explain why i 've picked it , really ? 
  my flair is simply manifestation how poland is stronk . 
  have the first one and the last one from my balcony on daily basis . 
  funny thing , popular polish vacation spots are even more overpriced than going on vacation to croatia or other southern countries . 
  what about it ? 
  nope , it 's a private corporation , so there 's nothing for free . 
  i 'm a regular worker , not a contractor . 
  i have fully paid vacations , but it 's worth jackshit with value of pln abroad . 
  in other words , i can take a lot of days of , but in the end i have no spare cash to afford travels . 
  you mean stalin or forever live lenin ? 
  work . 
  my it job pays horribly to afford vacations . 
  they should , but it looks they are in eu for easy white women and social . 
  it is safet , but not richer and they want high living standard & full social right of the bat . 
  you can have a decent living standard here , but you need to earn it with work not making 72 kids and rely on social benefits . 
  probably on the east , but i 've seen too many german-polish couples with polish girl . 
  take a guess why there are way less pairs with a german woman and polish guy . 
  ukraine & russia may have what you seek and in superb quality  . 
  now it makes a bit sense when you explain it like that . 
  i always found it fascinating that black people calling themselves like what 's up my nigga/nigger = perfectly fine , but when a petson of any other race uses it = instant racist . 
  maybe it 's better for you have n't . 
  polish stary ~ dude ziom ( ek ) - the same , more popular amongst younger people brachu -- rarely used , comes from brat ( brother ) , but used as informal way of greeting kumpel - ~ ~ stolen ~ ~ taken from merkel 's language typ ~ e.g. 
  it 's unrequited love , i guess :( . 
  lipton black tea or rooibos tea, 
  since when we should be punished for taking our safety as our priority ? 
  more open ~ ~ assed ~ ~ minded countries took fuckton of immigrants and now have no idea what to do with this `` bombastic '' idea . 
  no , wait ... we will export it elsewhere . 
  we just ser no benefit from taking them . 
  if wealthier countries like germany , uk or france ca n't deal with terrorists blowing up once for a while then how do you expect us , way poorer country to deal with it ? 
  besides , all they want is money , so we had to keep immigrants be force as there 's no way we can offer german or swedish level of social . 
  well you like good food , avoid wars/conflicts ... did i miss anything ? 
  what 's up with north and south dakota ?? 
  do n't give them any ideas .
