   germoney ftfy, 
  something something nazis with gold in south america : o ? 
  i hoped for more dramatic 3 * estonia . 
  what a let down :( . 
  plan b : germany , after all they both gang-banged us many times in the past . 
  fuck germany ( literally prostitution for money , nothing else ) , marry hungary , kill russia - you know why ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) . 
  i have no idea who would we like to fuck to be honest : / . 
  edit : now when i think about it women in czech & ukraine are pretty ... 
  poor you :p, 
  red and white ? 
  they were probably from monaco . 
  do n't get me started on older tourists from your country sunbathing  . 
  all that are loud and checky : spanish , italian , french . 
  it does n't apply to all people from these countries , but tourists from these places , often stand out at streets , in not a positive way . 
  tits out for your country !, 
  i looks cool . 
  for sure , better than previous its versions . 
  i would hate to draw perfectly all stars and stripes at school : o. 
  how this is stealing ? 
  pure capitalism served by your own companies : 2 people with equal skills and one is cheaper ? 
  who you gon na pick to your business ? 
  companies like amazon move their warehouses for a reason , you demand too much money for your work , so let 's move to a cheaper country with similarly skilled workforce . 
  i 'm not happy about it as we both lose on both ends , except corporations . 
  dissolution of the soviet union , regaining independence , first free elections , poland joining nato & eu , plane crash of polish delegation to smole\u0144sk , our team won 2:0 for the first in history time vs. german football team ( euro 2016 ) . 
  simple choice : germany and russia . 
  germany is a bit `` tamed '' these days ( thanks us bases ) and as for russia ... it 's complicated . 
  thanks ... 
  i understand this mistake as in my native language it works the same way as you have written :p . 
  for me , dubbed versions made me cringe . 
  my braid soaked so much this stuff that it basically ignores it and i watch it just for melody of that language . 
  call me grammar nazi , but it should be dialect which has not dialect who 's . 
  i do n't mind it too , but does it drastically improve our potential ? 
  i was on mobile , so i excuse myself :p . besides , zajebi\u015bcie is more like fucking amazing , so more vulgar whereas cool is a neutral word , so i wanted to stick to it . 
  i think calling a chick gruba ( grubo ) does n't work here xd . 
  is n't it more like chujowo = dicky ? 
  english books . 
  well it 's still called german and not austrian language : o. 
  i guess this happens when knowing one language gives you extra benefits . 
  in poland we had the case of german language as often sellers/vendors were getman and could you screw over deal . 
  there are 38 mln of us + 10 mln around the globe , but ladt time i checked our growth we were 200 + place in the world . 
  it looks very grim for our social benefits . 
  i think people in the usa are better at team working . 
   freedom of press that 's rich germany . 
  hiding facts from public eye about terrorist attacks is now called freedom of press ? 
  czech , slightly less slovak . 
  some words from russian/ukrainian . 
  my polish teacher was very pissed on us when we used that word . 
  judging by sole number of places where you can buy it : kebab . 
  was it so bad on your end :( ? 
  our elites were always stupid . 
  we could make our own eu , but our sellouts had another idea ... 
  think big !, 
  ukraine . 
  oh come on lithuania ... 
  you tried that once france , but you ~ ~ gave up ~ ~ surrendered that idea ... 
  two words come to my mind instead of cool : - fajny/fajna/fajne ( comes from german language ) e.g. 
  a cool chick = fajna laska . 
  - spoko ( comes from spok\u00f3j = peace ) . 
  so luis figo is cool by default in italian :d ? 
  [ dialects ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialects_of_polish ) polish language is very standardised , so you wo n't have problems talking to someone in the west or north , coming from the south . 
  there 's asmall group of words used locally or pronounced a bit differently from standard polish , but that 's all . 
  it 's not a shame , it 's a handicap closing doors to better jobs ( must have in it ) , meeting new people or learning new stuff . 
  i think brexit wo n't influence usage of english . 
  apart from changing uk status nothing changes in the world . 
  the usa , canada , australia are still very influental . 
  if anything , there will be more red-tape in contacts with our trade partners on the islands . 
  sure , usa is the main reason , but british empire and its former colonies are quite large number of countries . 
  canada & australia are also using english and are considered as good places to live . 
  thanks :d, 
  who said it was japanese :p ? 
  english subbed/dubbed anime or cartoons like south park . 
  i just like anime , learning japanese on the other hand ... is something i leave for the future . 
  they are very rare here and considered exotic outside more `` modern '' / touristy cities in poland . 
  due to their skin colour they surely stand out at streets , but decent english combined with good manners ( do n't go full spanish/french talking loud af ) goes a long way . 
  you might be treated a bit better if you 're from the usa . 
  niemcy in polish . 
  as mentioned in this thread it comes from `` mute '' ( niemy ) word . 
  we also have non-standard name for hungary for w\u0119gry and w\u0142ochy for italy ( according to wikipaedia , both come from tribes ' names ) . 
   also , most american europhiles are from the american left not in poland . 
  100 z\u0142 , 2,50 z\u0142 0.99 i think comma is more common or it 's just me and my habits . 
  pln ( p ) o ( l ) ish ( n ) ew zloty is just for foreigners in places like banks and it 's never used on price tags . 
  euro wo n't be a thing here any time soon . 
  for some reason it annoys me that currencies are written before a price in some countries . 
  objection , brain learns the best when we have fun ( emotions help with memorising ) like play educational games learning new material . 
  he 's just doing harm to himself refusing to accept our culture if he plans to stay here longer . 
  if he knows english , he they might get by in larger cities , but that 's it . 
  it shows lack of commitment from his site and questions his real intentions when it comes to stay here . 
   \u010dur\u00e1k it rang a bell , but i had to look it up and it turns out , polish version has a different spelling . 
  on the other hand , p\u00ed\u010da us easy to guess . 
   polish - usually pretty awful . 
  what ? 
  there was no question . 
   kurwa i knew something was missing in this thread ... but came here for this  cyka blyat, 
  well , look at africa and south america . 
  according this map , cuba is at very best moderately corrupted . 
  by default , it 's illegal , however there are some moves to make medical marijuana legal and prescribe it only to those who really need it . 
  no sane politician will try to legalise it here ( in a stronghold of catholic church ) bar medical use . 
  i do n't remember any austrian leader named guess : / . 
  you reminded me about our song from euro 2012 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy4qipy2ema it has quite a lot of koko in it . 
  in polish it 's a sound made by a chicken :p .
