as easterner , 400 euro is not a lot , but it 's decent amount of money these days . 
  something at level of minimal wage here . 
  i guess i 'll try to do something constructive like sorting computer folders and read books waiting for some longer weekend like this one . 
  which explains why they mostly want to get to rich germany , sweden or the uk . 
  the real refugees would be happy in any country giving them a shelter from war and some decent chance for normal living , but no ... it has to be absolute top , serving full range of social benefits on silver platter . 
  no , just curious . 
  yeah , poland . 
  forgot to set flair on this sub . 
  germany and russia will do . 
  what do they say there instead of complaining if you care to explain ? 
  you nick is the best replay to his comment , 
  we are the eu champion of gdp growth in times of crisis ( 25 years of constant growth , yay ? ), 
  and guess what ... we are still way behind your country when it comes to wealth . 
  this year is going to be fun ... 
  i would say after you learn english it hinders with learning the other ones . 
  my point is , if you already know lingua franca and every well-read person should know english why bother with the other ones , let alone you need to put some effort to get to media in these languages . 
  this shit is difficult . 
  tried 3 times from scratch , still got stuck at a2 level . 
  at least , it sounds badass ( as it 's difficult ) . 
  fart = `` a stroke of luck '' in polish . 
  also [ ehmmmm ] ( http://imgur.com/4r4wttz ) ( danish , norwegian , and swedish ? 
  prezerwatywa ( looks like preservative ) = a condom in polish . 
  brat = a brother in russian , polish , ukrainian , croatian . 
  slut = end in swedish e.g. 
  slutstation . 
  gift in german is ... poison . 
  i guess they had some bad experiences with presents . 
  anyway , both still have some connection with giving ;d . 
  it 's just strong tan ... 
   2020 slave games ftfy, 
  but they are just 5 + mln of population ? 
  edinburgh so hipster . 
  not exactly them , but close :d . 
  suddenly , tourism from the east intensifies . 
  unfortunately , it works both sides ... you go west from poland and you are poorer than inhabitants on welfare . 
  [ eurotrip ] ( https://youtu.be/cqese-ikbi8?t=3m46s ), 
  can confirm . 
  all we need are your wages , and our prices and we are set :d . source : flair . 
  on the bright side , you can lose some weight if you save on expensive food . 
  bravo , but i would beware of sudden wave of `` green-clothed tourists '' in tanks . 
  try to be a country between germany and russia and then we can talk . 
  no other country has such horrible location in eu as we do ? 
  you want to go west/east with army you go through poland , north/south - basically the same . 
  speaking of failing , do n't forget who was fighting in raf in the battle of britain . 
  say whatever you want , but nobody tries to attack countries with nukes . 
  i think you overestimate russia and their respect for abading rules . 
  this is one of many reasons why we do n't want to lose our buffer zone in form of ukraine , because we could be next ... 
  you see , each country has their problems , for poland ukraine     n thousands emigrants coming from syria whereas for germany is the other way around . 
  if this is european only matter than eu wo n't do shit without germany ( how reliable the uk and france are we know from ww2 and they have their own problems like terrorists or brexit ) . 
  you mean capitan commonpoor . 
  the problem is ... moral support does n't save nations from annihilation : s. 
  put.in coin, 
  as for poland piracy hold strong here as software prices do n't go down , contrary go up and salaries are still low ( compared to euro currency countries ) . 
  in 90 's a popular way of getting new games/movies were black markets - now , most of the closed , due to internet expansion and people simply use torrents or streaming pages . 
  personally do n't know any person fined for piracy . 
  we do n't have strictly pirate party here , but politicians tried to sign acta and it was a huge landmine for them . 
  not sure if it 's the lowest price here ( guess not ) , but seen a punnet going for 2,5 euro ~ 10 pln . 
  it 's because we put a fight e.g. 
  in ww2 and paid a horrible price for it . 
  you do n't and in the end the decision was better : saved thousands of people , let alone cities and other valuable national stuff . 
  my bet is dirty in this context refers to the counters with lots of dark skinned people . 
  you 're not a true british if you are n't white and speak queens english , right  ? 
  not so bizarre : 2 ) words of polish anthem 3 ) we stand against importing emigrants here , they do n't want to assimilate = trouble , maybe germany can afford it , but we still recover from ussr `` prosperity '' and try to catch up to the rest of eu, 
  we have even our internal quarrels who 's true polish and who 's not . 
  common accusations : `` hidden german option '' , `` russian agent '' or `` jew '' . 
  well ... after all it 's a uni city . 
  being touristy is just a plus abd nice influx of cash . 
  young people try to settle in a place with good education ( agh , uj students win informatics olimpics ) and job opportunities - it has it both . 
  with more big companies coming here , i see bright future ahead of us . 
  it 's cultured , but it does n't mean it accepts everything new without consideration . 
  kinda interesting take on our liberty , i have to admit :p . my bet is we have big overstay number . 
  my personal theory , we are still too poor ( in comparison to western eu ) for it and people would overstay there even more . 
  as it 's our national sport . 
  krak\u00f3w is very conservative city in nature . 
  source : me , its citizen, 
  i live there are i 'm would more likely to support trump than democrats if you asked me . 
  i do not support all his ideas , but it 's more lesser of 2 evils . 
  besides , all what obama did for abolishing visas for polish was talk . 
  we are the only eu member with visa requirement if you want to enter the usa . 
  the second one is still going strong on contidental europe :p . 
  they only speak ` murrican there , sorry pal :( . 
  it 's germanic and noticed its knowledge helps to understand some dutch , but it 's simply lack of knowledge like ` do you speak russian in poland ? ', 
  nothing about tea :( ? 
  what a let down ... 
  it 's funny given how many ww2/nazi/jew jokes float around here . 
  holland : o, 
  i guess alaska also stands out on the map . 
  still better than niemcy ( lit . 
  mute people ) . 
  also in polish there 's a term ` jecha\u0107 na saksy ' which means more or less ` go to germany ' , in most cases to work there . 
  do n't forget that you 're special with numbers . 
  the next which stroke me after learning about capitalised nouns in german . 
  you know boob-factor . 
  well you are cslled niemcy ( mute people ) in polish for a reason . 
  our ancestors there 's s barrier in communication coming up with this name . 
  on the other hand slowianie ( slavs ) comes from a word ` word , these who can speak ' which is still partly up to date as we still have many common sounding words in slav language family . 
  the opposite site here . 
  i try to learn german since8 years with 4 restarts from starter level and i do n't feel any better at it . 
  ignoring cases in similar fashion as dropping der , die , das and cases :p . polish has this nice feature that almost every word order works fine in a sentence , unlike in german . 
  too bad they dropped it .
