  from my experience , people really went at streets when eu wanted to fuck our freedom in the net with acta , but the current situation is far cry from this . 
  no son , we can send help to places which need trained staff/medical supplies , but we wo n't accept these migrants as it 's a ticking bomb . 
  they do n't want to be here , they do n't accept out values and try to enforce theirs . 
  people see that germany or france have problems with dealing with these people , so we do n't want it here . 
  sending help yes , but exporting this problem here - fuck no . 
  last time , i checked you were deploying troops on your border with italy . 
  sudden change of heart aka incoming elections , regarding accepting immigrants ;p ? 
  polish catholicism is very ... special . 
  new pope is n't very popular amongst clergy here . 
  define which american accent , you have plenty of them in the usa . 
  they will get rid of civic platform henchmen and put their people in their place . 
  such is order of nature here since 1990 and it 's nothing new . 
  every new ruling party secures key positions in media , courts or national companies like mines . 
  civic platform did the same and they did n't even try to hide it . 
  i wish there could be some balance , but it 's wishful thinking as such people on important positions try to sabotage ruling party . 
  dunno about that . 
  we have a lot of them in cracow and it really annoys me when i hear really broken polish with eastern accent or maybe they just do n't try enough to speak correctly . 
  no idea . 
   i hope your open protests will make them reconsider the proposed changes . 
  i hope not as we just got rid of all left-wing scum . 
  most people do n't care as quality of life is slowly improving and we have better things to do . 
  of course at times , there 's clown fiesta in our parliament , but it 's nothing new . 
  i think , most transactions are done with cards , but cash is not going anywhere as places like local markets do n't accept cards and often they have better quality products . 
  checks do n't exist here . 
  chilling after whole day of work at my parents allotment . 
  i 'm beaten . 
  it , i guess . 
  funny how you look down on us , but it 's not so different here , maybe with an exception for mythical german order . 
  most of words referring to german related things in polish are rather negative . 
  not sure if it 's negative ... hmmmm ... it shows resourcefulness :p . 
  our neighbours : niemiecki porz\u0105dek - german order , one of very few phrases witch a positive connotations regarding germans in polish czeski film - a czech movie , no idea what 's going on other nations : elegancja francja - lit . 
  french chic / elegance , often said if something like a plan went smoothly and we are pleased with the result udawa\u0107 greka - to pretend to be a greek / to pretend to be an idiot - sorry , but i have no idea chodzi\u0107 jak w szwajcarskim zegarku - works as in swiss watch , similar to german order m\u00f3wi\u0107 po chi\u0144sku = have no idea what one 's talking niez\u0142y meksyk = lit . 
   `` drunk like a pole '' is it an insult or compliment ? 
  not sure how to feel about it . 
  brown bear vipera berus wolf tick fox ( rabies ) lynx we have european bison , but they are very , very rare . 
  they all speak english :p . 
  maybe it 's convinient , but i do n't see poland adapting it in next 20-30 . 
  we 're too poor for it right now . 
  as far as i know , the most of poles in pools are against it and benefits of having our own currency outweight using euro . 
  code monkey : / . 
  my salary is a joke . 
  for my money , you 're another type of christians = a-ok in my book . 
  i think north-east region . 
  westerners , stop buying that crap shown in your media . 
  i 'm more worried about your `` bombastic '' , `` peaceful religion '' friends trying to get to europe than our idiots in sejm . 
  civic platform bet on that in last elections and lost . 
  is because of the hostility . 
  i 've heard stories of muslims being attacked for trying to get to a mosque . 
  it 's slightly different reason . 
  many associate being muslim with non-adapting , making babies for social , unemployed , ( raping/molesting women , new year 's eve 2015/16 , cologne ) fanatic of islam . 
  just check news regarding france or germany shown on tv on daily basis ? 
   but was n't poland a bit more hospitable to refugee 's from the bosnian war ? 
  we are hospitable , but you need to show good will on your end as well . 
  get a job , learn the language/customs of your new place , respect religion and your host country and do n't try to show off/convert people . 
  i 'm not as well informed regarding that case with bosnians , but right now we are quite favourable towards immigrants from ukraine . 
  western europe likes to forget that there 's a frozen conflict on eastern ukraine . 
  the more common we have with them , the easier it 's to accept them here what automatically gives an edge people from other european countries like probably was with refugees from bosnia . 
  i think the closest to us nationality from that region are croatians . 
  surprise surprise - one of the most popular destinations for poles on vacations . 
   and i think i remember them telling me finding it really offensive whenever anybody says any of the concentration camps are polish and that it 's a really sensitive topic . 
  sure , some people take it very seriously , but i just say that there 's another side of the coin . 
  gallows humour has its fans . 
  nope, 
  it used to be [ janusz palikot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janusz_palikot ) . 
  his all activity in parliament was clown fiesta : promoting drugs legalization , being pro-gay and anti-clerical . 
  i guess it did n't work out too well here for the second time . 
  my bet goes on germany , given how much porn industry and brothels they have . 
  something something the [ warsaw pact and 1968 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prague_spring ), 
   pfannkuchen they are too thin for omlettes . 
   oh i definitely do that . 
  i honestly do n't know if people care . 
  if you 're a german tourists with loaded with money to spend , answer yourself ... money is all that matters . 
  how about 30 ? 
  [ berlin brandenburg airport ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2015-07-23/how-berlin-s-futuristic-airport-became-a-6-billion-embarrassment ) :p . 
  love guns , junk food/fatass nation , have cheap gas , generally loud , love to put their flag everywhere on holidays , `` yes we can '' / always happy attitude . 
   and i remember having to avoid talk about after politics when this one person at a bar and i were talking and somehow refugee crisis came up and he said something along the lines of lining them up and shooting them . 
  people tend to be more honest after drink or two . 
  it 's fact we do n't want them here , hell they do n't even want to stay here as we are too poor for their liking . 
  especially if you have such rich neighbour as germany . 
  civic platform ( donald tusk 's party ) lost last election mostly due to their promise to accept blindly more immigrants . 
  if they gon na be stubborn and stick to that point , they will lose the next election as well . 
   i was shocked considering auschwitz was only down the road jokes about ww2 and jews is n't are rare thing , but nobody admits that openly . 
  typical politician : bending his beliefs to his will & current situation . 
  krak\u00f3w is rather conservative city , despite many tourists , international students and so on . 
  but he was teaching how to pick babes ... 
  dunno if it 's mainstream , but japanese . 
  i see no reason to put time in learning something , i must n't use to communicate with many people . 
  send engineers , to build a wall / s, 
  when i watch news about germany/france in tv . 
  other than that - never :d . 
  these numbers might be thanks to this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zremltj3mvs ( sorry for potato quality ) . 
  it was very popular song a few years ago . 
  it 's about pm donald tusk . 
  the thing is catholic church here says vote x and many older people vote x. i just googled up and we had politicians like jerzy buzek ( former pm ) , [ john godson ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_godson ) or our national hero j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski . 
  i think a protestant showing his live faith ( not converting ) will get more points in people 's eyes . 
  after all , it 's christian faith , so you 're `` our brother in faith '' . 
  what 's worse , hiding it , you could be accused of atheism , what 's a death sentence for an aspiring politician in less urban areas . 
  it strongly depends how high is the stake on which you play . 
  it 's super important when you run for presidency as for parliament it 's less important . 
  you can believe whatever you want here , but if you want to be elected ... not being roman catholic is not an option , let alone being muslim .
