  we prefer to let others figure out what we 're trying to say . 
  also practice of course , and it 's fun talking in another language . 
  especially if you 're drunk . 
  weird , it 's for a complete different reason around here . 
  if people meet a native speaker they use him to practice their english . 
  you do n't get to talk english that often and still most people are able to have a basic conversation , so they 'll use every opportunity . 
  non-native german speakers who want to learn the language need to insist on speaking german to the local folks here , because most people switch to english if they notice that someone has trouble with german . 
  i 've heard some foreigners complain about this but it 's really meant well . 
  general advice : learn enough of the local language to greet people and start a conversation , if you show you are trying it might encourage people to do some conversation with you before they switch to english because they ca n't understand a word you 're saying . 
   now iforeigners watch american tv , movies they watch dubbed versions though whenever possible , one of the most popular tv series in the german speaking area is `` mein cooler onkel charlie '' ( `` my cool uncle charlie '' ) , and many would n't even know that it is called `` two and a half men '' in english . 
  so it 's probably not just a language thing . 
  '' [ fleischwolf ] ( http://i.imgur.com/empvevf.jpg ) '' is one of my favourites . 
  it 's just so badass and yet trivial . 
  i think kreuzschlitz - and kreuzschrauben are the same . 
  they are called `` kreuzschlitzschrauben '' because there are two schlitzes that are kreuzed . 
  what part of austria has mostly lawns ? 
  most people i know who have a lawn in front of their house plant flowers and bushes there or even vegetables . 
  but i 'd say a properly fenced garden is much more common than a lawn . 
  those pesky slovenians . . 
  cheespa bo coopa , totally_not_a_zombie . . 
   volga vs.  siberian woods but i 'd assume that even in the sibirian woods a revolution and the following major civil war would n't go unnoticed . 
  people travel , if only to the next village , where someone might have heard the news . 
  though old people often do n't follow politics very closely . 
  so either the old man in the story is a little bit confused or the story is a myth - my father loves to make up similar stories about his home village ( although you 'd need to change tsar too kaiser and nikolai to franz josef ) . 
  - although i 'd assume she learned french as a child . 
  at the time the phrase was supposedly coined . 
  there 's an interesting thread on this topic at [ askhistorians ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/22ox1w/what_is_fascism/ ) in case you are interested . 
  do n't mind me , i just want to check if i 'm australian again . 
  edit : phew !, 
  we gladly accept . 
  in a democracy the minority does n't have to `` suck it '' . 
  minorities have right that should be protected . 
  major decisions should be handled more careful . 
  in my opinion the conflict between the major groups of ukraine has escalated to a dangerous level and maybe everyone should take a step back and try to fix the problems within ukraine before deciding which power they should run with . 
  i do n't think joining the eu would magically fix all the issues this country has . 
  they 'd need a common ukrainian political conscientiousness instead of the pro-russian/pro-eu divide they have right now . 
  that would mean a partition of ukraine . 
  i do n't think that would happen without a civil war . 
  i * think * i 'm gon na go with `` yes '' . 
  i do n't know if you have any experience with skiing but body and snow are definitely not supposed to mix . 
  \\  hotlink protection activated, 
  hartz iv is considered a significant change for the worse in german welfare . 
  season work is for understandable reasons not very popular among the local workforce ( except for students maybe ) because it does n't pay the bills of a whole year , and once you start to work in tourism it 's really hard to get something else around here . 
  for germans ( and also many people from the balkan region ) on the other hand it 's welcome extra money when they do n't find better work at home . 
  it 's a very strange phenomen but as far as i can tell everyone is happy about it . 
  i wish they 'd pay them better though because it 's really hard work . 
  sure , i just wanted to say that i 'm willing to bet my ass that some of those austrians were actually dressed up germans . 
  not that it matters though . 
  cities are definitely different . 
  i think in innsbruck you can also get by easily with italian only . 
  you tell me , in the tourism sector more than 10.000 germans are working in austria - it 's called `` saisonarbeit '' . 
  since hartz iv was introduced it seems to be a viable option for more and more germans to work here . 
  and if you work in this sector ( e.g. 
  waiting tables ) wearing a tracht is mandatory at most places . 
  and i thought * maybe * this could be somehow connected to the fact the the regions most workers come from had really bad results in the english part of the pisa studies . 
  but apparantly i 'm wrong and i should feel bad . 
  maybe they were workers form eastern germany or something like that . 
  most austrians speak a fair amount of english , especially in the towns with lots of tourism . 
  * edit : upon re-reading , this sounds more racist than intended . 
  of course there are people around here that do n't speak a lot of english . 
  i just wanted to express that tourists often get the wrong impression of the country because the tourism sector is so bloated that it 's hard to get a glimpse of the actual country . 
  generally speaking , outside the tourism areas people speak english less but they also do n't dress as weird . 
  for me both ni and london were shockingly clean . 
  when i stepped out the king 's cross station at london i lighted a cigarette , only to find out that smoking on the streets seemed to be not allowed there . 
  where i 'm from we throw cigarrette butts and stuff like that everywhere , but this seems to happen neither in london nor in northern ireland , littering is prohibited . 
  when i came back to austria i started to find our streets extremely dirty and now i try not to litter anymore , but we do n't have too many of these awesome garbage bins with built-in ashtrays . 
  so consider yourself lucky !, 
  they like us because we are the cute little southern neighbours where they can go hiking and skiing . 
  many austrians would like to be respected but at the same time we are so dependent on germany , it 's a catch 22 and many austrians just make jokes about it to cope . 
  yeah i 'm really looking forward to that !, 
  yes , i 'd say that 's the most important part . 
  people have the feeling he wo n't be respected by his international colleagues and especially the more patriotic austrians feel the country will be laughed at with a foreign minister like this . 
  i think it 's understandable that a small state and former empire like austria does n't cope to well with being a junior partner of bigger states , people feel they are being robbed by the powerful bureaucrats in brussels and want someone who is able to defend austrias interests and reputation within and outside the eu . 
  apart from that it 's pretty strange that veteran diplomats who spent years on learning about international relations get a superior that has n't even completed university or any higher education . 
  we had foreign ministers who did a great job , take kreisky for example . 
  i do n't think germany is much better off with [ this guy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llygpwq0vjy ) as a foreign minister , you would think someone in an * important * position like this would be able to properly communicate in english . 
  but i 'd say it 's mostly about respect . 
  every country wants to respected , and if your foreign minister is laughed at , the country is ashamed . 
  i read some comment on a news site that summed it up well : `` if evo morales sat on the vienna airport and this guy [ kurz ] came to talk to him , he 'd probably say `` great , finally they bring me some coffee . '', 
  many people think like that and even if kurz would prove to be a competent minister ( which i doubt ) , he 'd still have trouble getting the respect of other international politicians , which means no matter what he does , austria 's respect will suffer . 
  i am pretty upset by this decision but our ministers are generally chosen for political reasons , not because of their competence . 
  what i find even worse than this boy as a minister of foreign affairs is that they decided to merge the ministry of science into the ministry of economy , so science got no separate minister anymore . 
  our former minister of science , a former rector and professor , who was one of the very few competent ministers , is not part of the new government . 
  i did n't support his agenda at all , it was mostly dictated by the conservatives and did n't help the universities very much , but it 's a really bad sign to subordinate science to the ministry of economy . 
  but most people are just talking about the young guy , who is obviously not the best guy to represent austria internationally , while one thing we could be really good at - science - is seemingly not important at all to the new government . 
  why not merge agriculture with economy instead ? 
   `` geilomobil '' ( horny car , freely translated ) to add to this , `` geil '' means both `` horny '' and `` awesome '' at the same time . 
  maybe the feud between denmark and sweden is so serious that they do n't even joke about it . 
  ^ ^ kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 ? 
   i ca n't remember when we last had any problems with austria . . war of the engadin / swabian war , never forget . 
  you kicked our asses big time . 
  but the habsburgs were originally swiss anyways so let 's just say it was a personal rivalry . 
  we like switzerland , we 'd even like to gift you vorarlberg , if you want it !, 
  found a great offer on ebay . 
  french rifle , used , never shot , dropped once . 
  well obviously introducing a common currency without a common economic policy was a bad idea for many $ - countries . 
  i see why many people would like to correct this now . 
  but a common foreign policy ? 
  why would we need that to ` capitalize ' on our relative economic success ? 
   miles ahead of us .
