  they want to seperate from ukraine so i 'd say they are separatists . 
  we could just use the umbrella term `` rebels '' . 
   i prefer less talk , more action . 
  well you 've got that in common with the rebels . 
  yes in this i agree . 
  however i think after this incident russia will probably cut its ties to the separatists and do their own dirtywork . 
  those buks do n't seem like a weapon you give some militia groups - but normal militia groups also probably would n't be able to take them by force . 
   with russian weapons . 
  ... i thought we agreed they stole ukrainian buks ? 
  do we blame russia now for building them ? 
  i 'm sure the russians have enough people who know how to operate the aa they constructed . 
  it seems to me that the rebels got their hands on russian-built aa from the ukrainian army and somehow managed to confuse a civilian passenger plane with a military transporter . 
  i do n't think the russian army would make a mistake like that in this situation . 
  we 'll know more in a few days - i would n't be too surprised if putin takes this chance to distance himself from the rebels and blame it on them and the negligence of the ukrainians . 
   that being said ... if it was russia and there were eu citizens on board , we should do more than mere sanctions . 
  what would you propose ? 
  `` deliberate '' implies that those who shot the plane down knew that it was a civilian passenger plane . 
  `` deliberate killing '' would be if they thought shooting a civilian plane might help their cause and they did it * even though * they knew that there are civilians on board . 
  i 'd say from what we know at the moment it was a grossly negligent accident . 
  again , it might come across as pretty weird if you copy strategies like this . 
  but then again maybe that 's just me being austrian , around here there 's a huge taboo around all that stuff . 
  and i know of a number swastikas painted on house walls , those were done by ( would-be - ) neonazis and are meant to scare immigrants , leftists , and so on . 
  why not just get to the embassy with a shield and a slogan ? 
  that way you are not damaging property and still giving a statement . 
  though i 'd personally wait until we know more about the whole issue . 
  yeah that happens a lot with online sources . 
  they are usually up long enough to be revisited by wikipedia users though . 
  after a quick google search i found another source : http://www.iiss.org/en/militarybalanceblog/blogsections/2014-3bea/march-f525/ukraine-military-0218 wo n't edit the wiki article though , i do n't want to get caught in a flamewar . 
  [ yes , at least wikipedia says so . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buk_missile_system#operators ), 
   new sealand finally sealand can into relevancy !, 
  or you meant to write new zealand . 
   maybe draw a big nazi cross symbol to the street to show what they are , what current day russian state is !!!, 
  just for the record , if you do that in germany or austria they 'll put you in jail for glorifying national socialism . 
  the message of a swastika might not be very concise in any case . 
  for the record i ca n't verify any of this since i do n't speak russian , i only wanted to point out the reason for the downvotes . 
  i can only say this does n't look like a celebration to me , though maybe they are happy for warzone standards . 
  even so i would n't hold it against them since they obviously have no way of knowing that this is a passenger plane with civilians onboard . 
  you are being downvoted because / u/eatingcake [ provided a translation above . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2aykf8/malaysian_passenger_plane_crashes_in_ukraine_near/cj01hg8 ), 
  how about `` danubian federation '' ? 
  capital will be vienna , habsburg colors as national flag , karl habsburg-lothringen could be head of state . 
  i 'm not biased at all . 
  he 's being a dick about it though , and he 's completely missing the point of the thread . 
  self-perception probably skewed the survey . 
  yeah we mostly watch german tv , though streaming and torrenting have been on the rise for a couple of years . 
  maybe it 's because we get a lot of tourism ? 
  or it 's just skewed self-perception ? 
  idk ... 
  there are loads of [ subreddits in german . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/27gdq7/liste_der_100_deutschsprachigen_subreddits_mit/ ) give it a few years and we wo n't have to use english anymore , not even on reddit !, 
  the data they used is from 2012 . 
  sounds like b1 or b2 , but i do n't think they used the proficiency level framework in this survey . 
  it 's probably based on a survey , so at least it tells us that austrians think of themselves that they are able to converse in english . 
  though in my experience young people ( especially in the cities ) are generally fluent in english , and most people are at least able to give you directions . 
  so i would n't say it 's that far off . 
  what throws me off about this map is the difference between germany and austria , i somehow doubt that they are so much worse than we are . 
  austria is almost scandinavian when it comes to english . 
  nice . 
  oh , i thought of the civil flag , thats the version without the coat of arms . 
  cross of burgundy is nice too . 
  i like ` special ' flags in general , shame that we have a rather boring flag in austria . 
  though our coat of arms is pretty enough . 
   tradition and history is the same as a would-be historian i 'll have to disagree . 
  both can be defined in many ways but in general tradition means the preservation of certain cultural aspects of a political entity , while history refers to actual events . 
  so in this context : historically one could argue monarchy has proven to be good for spain ( with the implication that it might do more good ) in the future . 
  to argue with tradition one would emphasize how important monarchy is for the culture and identity of the country . 
  ( i personally agree with neither ) . 
  it 's actually one of my favourite flags . 
  it 's unique , the colors work strangely well together and it does n't have a complicated coat of arms on it . 
  a spanish guy gave me a republican flag as a present a few years ago , i think i lost it though . 
  real shame , it really tied the room together . 
  could n't this backfire ? 
  i mean , if the king resigns that shows that public opposition can yield real results . 
  monarchy as a whole appears weaker if a king resigns . 
  obviously the next king might be more popular , but what about the king after him ? 
  this is pure speculation , i have no idea about the situation in spain . 
  but we 'd have to take measure of her skull to be absolutely sure . 
  it would probably still be better to say `` all gypsies are thieves '' than `` the majority of the gypsies are a pest '' , since `` pest '' has a * certain historical connotation * . 
  maybe he is enlightened by his intelligence ? 
  maybe you 've heard the more general term `` motivwurst '' , a common christmas motive is a bell . 
  beard is real but enhanced with some kind of make-up . 
  russian televoters probably did n't get the whole drag stuff . 
  they just thought this singer looks just like grandma in her younger days . 
  idk , maybe it just felt this way because i mostly traveled the touristy areas near the coast , a decade ago . 
  after a while i started to greet people both in german and english and a surprisingly high amount of people chose to answer in german . 
  might be they just wanted to be polite and would have actually preferred english :-), 
  german speaking people who watch lots of tv are used to the dubs . 
  first time i 've seen a simpsons episode with the original voices i was totally weirded out ( what the fuck , marge ? ) . 
  but nowadays many people have * other sources * for tv series and movies than tv and they often watch the original versions , sometimes with subtitles . 
  they have the huge advantage that many jokes just do n't translate well . 
  but i 'd say a huge majority still watches the german dubs , and those who do n't have no reason to protest since they get their tv via the internet . 
  on the other hand , those who do n't want to bother with english would n't be too happy if their tv was n't dubbed . 
  i can imagine it 's frustrating for people living near border though . 
  but slovenia has a lot german speakers anyways , does n't it ? 
  when i was there i often found it easier to talk to people in german than in english, 
  * cellar door * . . 
  yep . 
  i 'm also guilty of that . 
  it 's way easier to talk english to a native speaker than trying to figure out what he 's trying to tell me in german .
