  third , calling the camino de santiago a christian pilgrimage is a bit disingenous since a lot of people of any kind do it and a lot of them smoke . 
  it 's also one of the most important university cities of spain . 
  actually check the results in the city of barcelona and you will see that they do not want independence . 
  it 's the rest of catalonia that wants it . 
  what we try to do is hoard them somewhere and avoid it . 
  almost no spaniard will go to magaluf or places like it , we have a lot of beaches clear of annoying northern european kids . 
  in italian a villa is a country house . 
  in spanish villa can mean city even though it 's archaic . 
  madrid 's official name is villa de madrid . 
  it was usually used for medieval cities that had some special concessions . 
  correction : we can shit on ourselves and criticize everything , but if a foreigner starts talking shit about spain he must be prepared to have a looong argument since people will become extremely defensive . 
  but that means that when jxsi breaks the agreement ( which i 'm sure they will , sorry ca n't trust the catalan pp even if it 's only half of jxsi ) the proc\u00e8s will die again and there will be new elections . 
  or what do you expect to happen ? 
  italy looks wrong . 
  where did you get the 29.000 $ figure ? 
  i can only find 34-35k . 
  but with two of their members joining jxsi and having to respect the party discipline the cup does n't have a say anymore . 
  or am i understanding it wrong ? 
  to me it seems like the cup has sacrificed itself for independence and will lose everything . 
  latest polls from today actually say that the only 2 party coalition that might have majority would be pp+psoe . 
  cs and pp would be something like 10 short . 
  the best proposal i have seen is something similar to the danish system which is a modifies dhont . 
  basically you add 50 seats to congress and take all the extra votes that didnt get a seat and count them at a national scale . 
  it then gets distributed proportionally . 
  iu always wanted this system since historically they have been the ones getting the short end of the stick but psoe and pp would never agree to it ,, 
  nitpicking but it 's not only for english speaking . 
  it 's mostly for northern european tourists who are blonde , extremely pale and wear socks in their sandals ( read : everyone north of france according to stereotypes ) . 
  i am half italian and every christmas i go to milan . 
  until my grandparents were alive there was no way you could eat meat during christmas eve dinner , my grandma would have kicked you out of the house . 
  always branzino or some other kind of fish as the main course . 
  on christmas day lunch we did eat only meat based dishes though : ravioli in brodo and tacchino this is the same as the catholic tradition of not eating meat on fridays that no one follows anymore . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_maastricht_treaty_referendum,_1992 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_maastricht_treaty_referendum,_1993, 
  i do n't think the eu wants to `` dissolve '' or `` anschluss '' anyone . 
  to me that looks more like fearmongering than anything . 
  denmark and the uk were scheduled to have a referendum about the eu constitution when it was proposed but it was cancelled because france and the netherlands already voted no so the whole plan was scrapped . 
  then the danish government ( voted by the danes ) approved the lisbon treaty without a referendum ( i think they had some opt outs ? 
  not sure ) . 
  because the eu is supposedly not only a common market , if it was only that it would n't need that huge bureaucracy system , etc. 
  a free trade agreement is something like [ nafta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_american_free_trade_agreement ) and it 's pretty different from the eu system . 
  the eu ( supposedly of course ) wants to bring european countries closer to eachother in a lot of more things than just free markets and that of course comes with some other drawbacks like trying to get a closer judicial system or military or even a common currency . 
  of course that 's all in theory , in practice the system sucks at a lot of things and it also benefits mostly the big european corporations while shitting on the average citizen . 
  is n't that what the council of ministers is for in the eu more or less ? 
  they are a legislative branch and every country gets their own representative and in some cases they have veto power . 
  i understand and in theory agree with that statement . 
  i am for federalism in spain for example and i think it would help the country a lot . 
  but still you ca n't give the same number of representatives to the madrid region ( 6 million people ) and to soria ( 60.000 people ) because it would cause a big imbalance . 
  madrid 's votes still count less than soria 's ones in the general election because it has been designed to help the rural regions and as far as i can see the danish system is similar . 
  i checked the danish electoral system and it works similar to the spanish one anyway . 
  it uses d'hont but modified to take account of the extra votes ( something that the spanish left has been asking for ages but the conservatives wont accept because it does n't benefit them ) . 
  the same happens in the eu . 
  for spain there is one mp for every 864.000 people ; denmark is one mp fior every 430.000 people ; malta one for every 70.000 . 
  i was n't really talking about opt outs but if everyone got to opt out of whatever they wanted spain would opt out of the fishing restrictions and clean the seas with their superior fishing fleet and france would flood the european market with milk fucking over every other farmer in the eu and so on . 
  who said there were n't cultural differences ? 
  cultural differences are n't the same as being more `` equal '' ( whatever you think that means ) . 
  but whatever if you 're convinced of you own superiority i wo n't try to change your mind because it 's not worth my time especially when it has n't got much to do with the topic here . 
  oh ... you have a more equal way of thinking than everyone else . 
  thanks for enlightening us . 
  case closed . 
  so should a small danish village get the same mps as copenhague in the danish parliament ? 
  proportional representation is a thing . 
  well ... you 're talking about a conquered territory that morocco invaded in 1975 when nobody asked them too . 
  it 's not exactly the same situation . 
  still i am for autodetermination for everyone what wants it . 
  for some reason people think that spaniards only drink sangr\u00eda . 
  we do n't , we rarely do , it 's a tourist trap , especially consider how much they usually charge for it . 
  the thing you get in most bars ? 
  it 's crap carton sangr\u00eda or 0,60 cents wine with old fruit and 1kg of sugar . 
  the only decent one is homemade and it still will give you a terrible hangover . 
  if you want to drink cold shitty wine drink tinto de verano ( bad red wine + soda ) , it 's much better . 
  we mostly drink that or beer , but rarely sangr\u00eda . 
  oh now you 're trolling as a fascist spaniard ? 
  i should 've guessed, 
  spain was n't part of the marshal plan but they got help from 1953 onwards after the pact of madrid . 
  that 's what made the spanish economy start growing and basically saved franco . 
  i dont know if he 's reactionary or not but i could feel the irony of him telling off psoe because they support pp when they went in a coalition with the catalan right , who aswell are not exempt of corruption, 
  pp would have to do so bad that both c 's and psoe basically said no to everything and rajoy was forced to dissolve the parliament and trigger new elections . 
  i am not sure if that situation will ever come up , sadly . 
  so , you , a regional nationalist , would welcome an invasion from the most centralist country in europe . 
  good luck keeping your language co-official then . 
  i do n't think i 'd fight in any case to be honest but your answer sounded funny to me . 
  the two spains ( las dos espa\u00f1as ) is something that has been going on for over 200 years now , separating the conservative , church supporting side with the liberal , progressive one . 
  there have been multiple civil wars and fights , culminating in the last one where the conservatives won . 
  the wound is still somewhat open , especially because the conservative side has not allowed any kind of serious investigations or trials against the torturers and murderers of the dictatorship . 
  they do n't even let people open the mass graves to bury their grandparents in peace . 
  the socialists tried to start the process with the historical memory law in 2007 but the pp ( conservative ) regional governments and the state one since 2011 have stopped every attempt at making serious progress on the matter . 
  pp even refuses to condemn the dictatorship still . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_two_spains https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historical_memory_law, 
  i am surprised about that . 
  what region did you study in ? 
  here in madrid one of the 2 options of the pau in my year ( 2007 ) was aza\u00f1a 's speech at the beginning of the civil war ( the other being something about 1812 ) and the year before one of the questions was about the transici\u00f3n . 
  just as an example , germany breaking deficit rules for years and not being punished in the early 2000s . 
  they have been a pp stronghold forever . 
  clientelism is big there . 
  fraga , the pp founder , was galician and rajoy is aswell . 
  fuck it . 
  just leave at this point . 
  it is hopeless . 
  thank god for the basque and the catalans keeping podemos up ... how can people here in madrid keep voting pp after they hace destroyed the city is something i will never understand . 
  i have counted votes ( twice ! ), 
  and it is usually pretty fast .
