it 's all rightful turkish territory anyway . 
  ^ ^ ^ / s ^ ^ ^ hiding, 
  ... unfortunately, 
  you europeans always seem to not care about new england ... :(, 
  hey . 
  get outta here with that shit london is the best . 
  that 's why it costs so much . 
  stay safe , german friends . 
  how times change ... here 's hoping for peace from belfast to bavaria to brussels to belgrade to barcelona , someday . 
  thank you . 
  we all hope the same . 
  where are you seeing this ? 
  here 's hoping it 's a small scale thing and few or no people are hurt . 
  ... so he likes some muslim authoritarians . 
  i just noticed that the polandball has the red on top . 
  i guess i get it now . 
  i 'm fully expecting gulen to be assassinated with an ice axe in the near future as erdogan announces the new five year plan, 
  scotland only has 32 local authorities across the entire country , meaning that , for example , ross to lochaber to portree to fort william all have the same local authority . 
  if scotland becomes independent , would you like to see more local authorities so that they can best represent local interests ? 
  what would you do to keep orkney and shetland happy in independent scotland , since they 'll almost certainly vote to stay in the uk ? 
  would you consider allowing them to join in the uk in the post indy era if they wanted to ? 
  thank you for doing this  your party is extraordinarily capable and an inspiration to the politically minded around the world . 
  all the best . 
  this becomes all the more poignant and beautiful after the horrible news today from nice . 
  what great news for the scottish independence movement . 
  i 'm just curious of know about this more than i do ; do you think attitudes on this issue are different in veneto , or in other areas like sicily or sardinia ? 
  i 'm not an expert ( or an italian ) but my understanding is that veneto in particular has a strong regionalist and even a fairly high profile nationalist movement , if not on the same level as scotland or catalonia . 
  do you think regional dialects are more respected/liked there than in places like piedmont ? 
  well my view of the world just got a little more depressing , thank you, 
  haha when was the last time the nazi party hit 8 % , about where welsh independence support was before ? 
  ( except maybe golden dawn or maybe , * maybe * jobbik ) ? 
  it will be interesting to see if this bolsters pc , especially if scotland becomes independent . 
  the next assembly election is some time off so we 'll have to wait to see . 
  although who knows when the next westminster race will be ... they absolutely may be able to double their seats with labour in disarray . 
  you 're right that pc supported independence but they were n't seeking a mandate for a referendum ( independence in the near future ) and they were n't really planning on it for some time . 
  they are now . 
  sorry if that was n't clear . 
  you 're right that wales voted to leave . 
  that was a typo , it 's now fixed . 
  sorry , it was really early here . 
  for those wondering , no , of course this is n't a majority , but it is a huge spike in support for welsh independence which is why it 's news . 
  before the referendum plaid cymru ( the welsh equivalent of the snp ) did n't even support independence in the near/mid term , just more devolved powers ( they campaigned to remain ) . 
  wales is very unlikely to become independent anytime soon , not least because it voted narrowly to leave , but this is still very interesting . 
  house of tards, 
  why not move the executive to the european parliament ? 
  form governments and cabinets there like in every other parliamentary democracy ? 
  we all know that if europe is to ever be a proper federal state it will likely end up there eventually , and it would be a powerful move away from the current `` democratic deficit . '', 
  neither is cyprus , so it 's not at all unprecedented . 
  i do n't really know what your objection is . 
  i never said the irish government was actively pursuing reunification ( that 's why i used words like `` nominally '' ) and i repeatedly said i was n't trying to characterize motives . 
  all i said was that , in the event of irish reunification at any point , it would be useful to have the precedent of a smooth german unification process . 
  the taoiseach himself said `` i have expressed a personal view that coming as we do from a country which is also divided many of us would have sympathy with any wish of the people of the two german states for unification . '', 
  it 's not as if the parallel was completely out of mind at the time . 
  not to downplay the goodwill and compassion of the irish government at that time , but they had a pretty clear vested interest in their being a precedent for reunification and smooth , continuous membership of the eu . 
  i think people often forget that until the good friday agreement northern ireland was still nominally claimed by the irish republic in its constitution , and that all major irish political parties ( to one degree or another ) support reunification . 
  again , not to cast aspersions on anyone or to say that unification is the sole motivation of irish governments or anything - just that there were reasons to support the germans beyond the goodness of their hearts . 
  it 's like a more constructive , opposite version of the spain/kosovo relationship, 
  well , there are more `` potential targets '' today in that terrorists target multiple european states , but the actual risk of being hurt in aggregate was higher , it was just concentrated in smaller regions . 
  it 's equally misleading to equate the experience of being `` terrorised '' as an ordinary european or american as the result of modern terrorism with the experience of being `` terrorised '' by the pira/uvf in ni or by eta in the basque country . 
  sure , these were smaller areas , but the presence of terrorism was * much * higher . 
  for a while there was an attack on average once every three days during the troubles . 
  and it 's not like it was entirely contained to ni . 
  the lockerbie bombing is still the deadliest terror attack in modern european history . 
  and significantly more civilians on both sides of the conflict died than soldiers or paramilitaries . 
  it was n't like it was a confined conflict . 
  sure , i 'd always wonder if something would happen when i used to ride the train to class in london . 
  but i would 've been objectively in more danger in the early eighties , and growing up in northern ireland would 've been a lot , lot worse . 
  i do n't buy at all that , just because the hypothetical number of potential targets is higher that terrorism can be said to be worse now than when more people were dying in the past . 
  fewer people may have been in danger , but they were in much * worse * danger , and civilians and random people were still the main targets . 
  that 's not really relevant to what we 're talking about here , which is the magnitude of the problem besides , there 's always an earthly grievance in there somewhere motivating the superstition . 
  i misspoke before about uyghur muslims ; should have said that most instances of uyghur terrorist attacks are clearly linked to separatism and not islamofascism , and that in many cases you can clearly tie the rise of terrorism to a historical event of some kind , such as the start of the bosnian war . 
  islamic terror is n't some magic force that is uniquely powerful or pervasive . 
  also , not for nothing , but while al qaeda and isis have some pretty fucked up proclaimed goals , `` kill all non-muslims '' is not actually one of them . 
  isis has this whole apocalyptic theology thing going on , but that is n't really the same thing . 
  terrorism in europe is generally at a low compared to the 70s and 80s , it 's just then it was mostly concentrated in britain and spain to a lesser extent, 
  this is lovely !, 
  and rather hapsburg looking . 
  are you serious ? 
  i provided a 10 page source , written by a harvard scholar well respected in this area , that breaks down what scholarship is saying about the gender pay gap . 
  if that was n't enough for you , here 's one specific to europe , cited * 630 times * - http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/001979390706000201 your `` argument '' is just as trite and nonsensical . 
  employers arent presented with two candidates at the same time , one male and one female but otherwise identical , with the woman willing to work for less . 
  things are more complicated than that . 
  the labour market is not an econ 101 graph . 
  it 's affected by a variety of factors including the social and economic incentives men and women face . 
  if you actually click on the link , you can read about it . 
  `` this empirical reality , which can be observed by controlling by profession , age , and other factors , can not exist because of my preconceived econ101ism '' is not a grown up way to think about the world . 
  the research on all this is so clear that relatively few papers on proving the wage gap are published anymore , rather ones studying it 's causes in effects , again in the same way that papers simply proving climate change is real are less common nowadays and more people are studying causes and effects in more detail . 
  the scholarly world ( not just women 's studies and sociology but economics ) have moved on , but tired , memetic internet responses have not . 
  really ? 
  is this really where we still are ? 
  because when people make this same , idiotic , trite response to even the mention of the gender pay gap , it 's about as intellectually honest as saying `` global warming ca n't be real because we 've had a cold winter . '', 
  it reveals a complete lack of understanding of what 's actually at issue , and a willful regurgitation of a learned refusal to take the issue seriously . 
  give this a read - http://scholar.harvard.edu/files/goldin/files/gender_equality.pdf?m=1440439230 the gender pay gap is rarely driven by out and out employer discrimination . 
  the above comment has deftly and cleverly driven a stake through a strawman . 
  it takes a huge amount of naivet\u00e9 to just assume that something as complicated as wage dynamics could only be meaningfully driven by direct discrimination . 
  this comment is as predictable as the sun rising and far less useful edit : if you object to my snark your down vote is reasonable . 
  but read the sources i provide . 
  the comments above and below do not reflect an educated appreciation of the issues . 
  what have you done to donegal, 
  those are really generous ranges for irish and scottish gaelic,
