  those damn germans have words for everything, 
  i like how in all this shitstorm you 're the only one with upvotes . 
  eat shit fred, 
  igga really, 
  if this happens i think he would be lynched by some angry bayern fans before he enters the field . 
   butt cancer, 
  his children and sisters deserve the same fate . 
  when i have rivals i make their whole dynasty cry for help . 
  i just like to imagine how they scream for help ... ahhh, 
  yea i know i 'm fucking a sadist . 
  about the first one, 
   the television and heating were still running due to her bills being continually paid for by automatic debit payments and debt forgiveness . 
  damn that 's one strong tv . 
  holy reekris that massive freefall in 1918, 
  i guess that 's when the us joined the allies in wwi, 
  yep, 
  and `` the dumbest persont of the year '' award goes to ... 
  i was here . 
  got depressed then i blinded , castrated , made a monk and excommunicated my oldest son ( and heir ) . 
  after that i executed two of my daughters , three sons , my wife and then i commited suicide . 
  ioustinos iii ( the youngest child who also had the best traits ) inherited the throne thanks to his dad executing 75 % of the family . 
  that was fun . 
  if we follow your logic ... 
  greek population is ~ 10mil , istanbul pop is ~ 15 . 
  add eastern thrace too ( cause of dat sweet , sweet megali idea ), 
  greece will no longer be a christian country, 
  yunanistan is now confirmed kebab, 
  but i was depressed ... and really who gives a damn about some worthless daughters/stupid sons and 50something old woman . 
  i enjoyed killing them and thats what matters . 
  they are in valhalla drinking beers and fucking elfs with thor . 
  everything is better now . 
  i can trace my german family back to the late 1800s and my bulgarian one to 1850 . 
  i know that my bulgarian ancestors owned a lot of land in the early 1900s but then 1944 came and everything was lost . 
  my german great-grandparents sold everything they had in mid 1930s and got a house in northern germany ( i think it was somewhere around rostock ) . 
  after '89 they feared that gdr and russia would return so they sold the house and moved to hamburg where they still live . 
  ( e : i mean their children aka my grandparents ), 
  nothing interesting really . 
  haha thanks, 
  norway too, 
  excommunicate them then blind/castrate/monk or nun and finally banish them . 
  make them suffer, 
  you should probably give him a brojob or something, 
  nice, 
  kek, 
  we captured/executed one of their emperors ( nikephoros i ) and our khan made a cup from his skull , which i think is way more badass than capturing and blinding 15k men . 
  i think one `` make cup from your prisoner 's skull '' event ( maybe something like the norse blot ) is gon na be amazing for all tengri rulers, 
  find a metro station and from there you can reach the third city . 
   edit : forgot the just cause games , 
  played jc2 ( cause pc is too shit for jc3 ) today and it was mostly fun and the multiplayer is even better . 
  its like gta with explosives and cables . 
  eat it and post pics, 
  the guy really wanted a gender reassignment surgery but because he 's so poor he decided to do it at home and called his mate to help him . 
  bang !, 
  your genius/strong/attractive 15 yo old son is beheaded . 
  now you 'll have to play 50 years with his slow/ugly brother, 
  lol go fuck yourself, 
  orthodox christianity = best christianity, 
  well they mostly neglected it because some dumb idiots in venice thought that sacking the only city and destroying the only country that stops muslims from reaching europe is gon na be the best thing ever . 
  thanks dandolo . 
  which is nice cause it gives you prestige, 
  * ck2 new dlc : *, 
  * mega awesome historical portraits just for 9.99 $ !!, 
  you forgot to nun/excommunicate and banish her, 
  thanks to the eu i can freely move to switzerland and enjoy your amazing internet ... or alternatively i can go to our neighbors [ romania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_in_romania#download_speed ), 
   * romania is one of the countries with the fastest fixed internet connection speeds , but also one with the cheapest plans with 1 gbit/s internet connections beind sold for almost 12 euros . 
  i 'd kill myself if this happens to me, 
  \\  no bulgaria, 
  \\  feelsbadman.jpeg, 
  my biggest number was king anus xv, 
  i like how augustus is 21 yrs old in the game, 
  pls no, 
   can you throw them o'er your shoulder like a continental soldier, 
  what, 
  rash a rash a, 
  thanks to our cyrilic alphabet ( bulgarian ) i can perfectly understand what everybody says in chat . 
  its funny cause we can have a nice little russian vs balkan swearing championship . 
  our strong balkan words are always winners . 
  honestly i love my allah flair, 
  tabernacle ? 
  ( i live in europe also what 's `` atlanta '' a state or something ? ), 
  kek, 
  draw me something about donald trump, 
  to me she looks like that crazy nazi bitch in wolfenstein new world order, 
  comparing the two, 
   amtrak was never under $ 150 . 
   london to manchester for $ 30, 
  i 'd say your trains are very nice . 
  i ca n't wait to see that volvo in ats, 
  this is 100 % true for my medieval europe . 
  ck2 + eu4 + some general history books = i know some much about europe that even my teachers sometimes say `` uh rammstein you 're so smart !! '', 
  one big ` fuck you ' to those who say that pcs and games are waste of time . 
  to all reddit idiots :, 
  do not try this . 
  i did not expect to see this here, 
  kinda looks like vladimir putin, 
  the game is on sale right now for 9.99 $ ( 39.99 original ) on steam . 
  i like how in ck2 our greatest ruler ( simeon i , bulgaria ) got the shittiest stats possible . 
  sorry paradox but the guy who did his stats is the biggest idiot ever . 
  lol, 
   ally poland,
