imagine mass migration to europe when ( if ? ), 
  egypt collapses . 
  they have 30 % of people under 30 years old , iirc at least quarter of them fighting with unemployment . 
  it may be yet another piece of russia 's play to flood europe with more immigrants , as they did with backing up assad 's regime . 
  because no matter how you look at russian * intervention * , fueling war will only create more war refugees , no other way around . 
  it 's pouring olive to fire ... 
  fix what ? 
  it was part of the plan, 
  they are indeed fascist and nationalist , and i am glad you did n't throw `` nazi-supporting '' as some people hurriedly often write . 
  because in poland being patriot and nazi is oxymoron . 
  thing is they are very incoherent group and yes you can find quite many small radical camps spread in their camp . 
  and , probably due to both media outlets choice and how strong voicing inside the camp those extremists have , less extreme camps are not heard nor reported . 
  they have definitely gained some grounds since last 5 years , basically shortly after eurocrisis , but it is still not significant whatsoever . 
  another characteristic is that people who get attracted and/or involved into their organization are often low-level , often attracted by stir they can cause and hate they can output , at least that is my perception . 
  there are shitton of errors in this text about polish side yet nowhere near it states that poles were , as you wrote ** what about when lots of poles were very encouraging and happy when the nazis came to take them . 
  or do poles not like to admit that ? 
  because it is a part of history . 
  ** where should i really start ? 
  maybe i shall debunk some bullshit from article you linked ? 
  *  after killing in mass shootings almost 1.5 million jews in hundreds of locations in occupied soviet territories , the germans decided to construct stationary killing centers in occupied poland , auschwitz-birkenau being the most well known . 
  the ghettos became `` holding pens '' for jews before deportation to a killing center . 
  it makes it sound like auschwitz-birkenau was set-up to kill only jews . 
  that is undoubtedly not true , in 1939 to 1941 ab and network of other death camps were almost exclusively used against polish , only after 1941 situation switched to jews . 
  and many of those jews were polish-jews , so still polish anyway . 
  *  as german forces implemented the killing , they drew upon some polish agencies , such as polish police forces and railroad personnel , in the guarding of ghettos and the deportation of jews to the killing centers . 
  first of all , there was special jewish commandos for jewish ghettos , and believe me it was hard to find a nazi who treated jews worse than those jew-commandos . 
  railroad personnel ? 
  do you even know what is occupation ? 
   * individual poles often helped in the identification , denunciation , and hunting down of jews in hiding , often profiting from the associated blackmail , and actively participated in the plunder of jewish property . 
  often ? 
  that is bullshit , it was very rare . 
  to top that off our underground resistance punished it with death sentence . 
   * there were incidents so was it often or just incidents ?!, 
  huh what kind of twisted language  * particularly in the small towns of eastern poland , where local polish residents -- acutely aware of the germans ' presence and their antisemitic policies -- carried out or participated in pogroms and murdered their jewish neighbors . 
  the pogrom in the town of jedwabne in 1941 is one of the best-documented cases . 
  first of all , germans were actively forcing local population into pogroms , secondly there is shitload of scandal surrounding jedwabne - mainly bodies not being exhumated and searched for german-provided weapons . 
  it is worth pointing out that pogroms were extremely rare , despite nazi occupation . 
  strike out jedwabne , which as i said has its controversies and it suddenly becomes quiet ... 
  either provide some sources to your claims , or be ignored as a troll . 
  until you substantiate any bullshit you spew out , i will ignore you . 
  you are either very ignorant or very dumb . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  1 . it 's not like the jews did n't contribute to that attitude 2 . 
  are you from poland b/c/rural ? 
  that would explain a lot 3 . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  what did poles do to jews that they ( for sake of argument ) countered with this deterioration ? 
  it 's not bullshit , and i prob do n't know , so feel free to enlighten me, 
  please keep in mind that we have most of the trees planted at jewish musem of holocaust . 
  those trees are awarded , a commemoration of rescuing jews from holocaust . 
  yet we were most occupied by germans , persecuted on streets , with huge jewish minority and iirc the only country in which hiding the jews was penaltied by death and death of your family . 
  quick edit : definitely check out breda !, 
  1 . crimes of eastern poland jews during late stages of war , eastern poland jews not only ratted out local militia to soviet occupant , they joined en-masse into kgb and shortly after the war were majority of executioners against polish militia , underground and war heroes 2 . 
  after israel was created , ussr reacted with expulsion of jews to israel . 
  there are many points and directions which surround that , i will only try to point few of them : - the polish army of anders , which were on march from within russia to north africa , trained , supported and rescued many jews from russian concentration camps . 
  when anders army was in jerusalem area , we let go every jew which wanted to stay in the area and help other fellow jews . 
  we kind of laid basics to israeli defence forces , really - many of jews expulsioned as ussr political backlash to creation of israel were in fact the very same jews who used to execute and torture our people , heroes included ... - the whole attitude of israel and us-jews toward poland , not limited to blatant and isolent claims on ** restitution ** 3 . skewed historical views , also obsessive narrative that holocaust was all exclusively jewish affair and victim ( it was not . 
  first camps were established in 1939 , up until 1941 it was almost exclusively polish who were funneled into those camps , only during 1942 the trend switched towards jews ) 4 . shit like that : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nu6t9ymhvt4 notorious highlights : -2:30 secret service will go with you so you will not be able to contact locals ( !! ) . 
  it happened so many times that diplomatic papers israeli ss was running in poland with gun taken out , or just commanding the streets like it was their territory - 4:10 ; 5:40 ; 7:00 do i really need to comment ? 
   ee why ? 
  only uk and some scandi are helping in camps around syria , why do you keep clinging to ee ? 
  i guess you got used to blaming and scapegoating stuff over to ee sod off . 
   then everyone should start putting their money where their mouth is !, 
  the unhcr is critically underfunded , because everybody promises money , but nobody actually pays up . 
  and close the borders . 
  although i guess i should be happy that we see some understanding . 
   you just said that refugees that are able to pay for their journey are no ` real war migrants ' i wrote ** because we are truly empathethic - to real war migrants , who sit in those camps and can not afford paying up smugglers ( 6k euro for sea trip + documents + food + etc. ), 
  so they can go to europe . 
  ** nowhere near to `` you mock them '' . 
  and yes , migrants who can afford few/dozen thousands of dollars so they can cross dozen safe countries on way to germany , they are not war refugees , they are economic migrants . 
   mock them for this point where i did this please . 
   fleeing from war again , why would you support 1 refugee in europe , when with same money you could support 5-15 in camps around syria ? 
   is poland giving more money to the camps ? 
  why do you keep clinging to poland ? 
  true enough , but there are shittons of cases when people were fired due to political nature of their viewpoint , not criminal . 
  of course criminal nature should be punished , but purely political/ideological ? 
  because we are truly empathethic - to real war migrants , who sit in those camps and can not afford paying up smugglers ( 6k euro for sea trip + documents + food + etc. ), 
  so they can go to europe . 
  every migrant kept in europe , translates in costs to 5-15 migrants in camps around syria . 
  it is as simple as that . 
  instead of cashing x money so poland can receive y migrants , i 'd rather spend that money on those camps . 
  again , conflating tolerance with acceptance, 
  i was n't talking about poland . 
  people in western europe get fired from work for speaking out their views , so do n't try to derail . 
  why almost every each of your comment is either retarded , does n't push the topic or just derails it ? 
  as much as i agree that volhyn was in part fueled by polish , i completely disagre that poles are responsible for polish-jewish deterioration, 
  napoleon is 18th century , polish laws regarding jews take way back  other party that it 's guilty was that supposed to be some kind of point/argument ? 
  yes , deterioration began from us-jews and israelis . 
   your company does n't pay you for your views on whatever topic . | oh yes , that 's why people get fired for speaking up their mind ... even on oh so anonymous internet . 
  ee as bashing toy and scapegoat ... yea, 
  i disagree . 
  ** west tends to conflate tolerance with acceptance . 
  ** gays in poland ? 
  never once in history a crime persecuted by state . 
  jews in poland ? 
  a safehaven . 
  muslims ? 
  we have tatar minority which has been for very long time , their sons fought and died for homeland . 
  immigrants ? 
  we have 300k + ukrainians since donbas crisis started and they integrate very well .
