  hey !, 
  us brits are supposed to be the snarky ones . 
  i do n't see it ... 
  a 14 year old having the power to vote sounds like an awful idea , if you ask me . 
  it 's essentially the same . 
  i think it 's something like 1.05 litres for 1kg . 
  i think it 's called a joke . 
  nah you just get criticized everywhere possible instead . 
  it does n't take much to be better than / r/worldnews . 
   europe can get really messy when fractured that 's one way of putting ` non-stop war for thousands of years ' . 
  it 's a statistical fallacy ( is that the correct term for it ? ), 
  but in reality both france and the uk are far wealthier . 
  ahh that makes sense !, 
  trust an american to come out with this ... 
  i feel like i 'm being dumb but ... ... how is the population of germany not equal to the amount of german citizens ? 
  it is n't a baseless statement . 
  i have 2 friends on them who have told me that . 
  edit : i should also add that you could really tell . 
  people on anti-depressants are n't usually happy though . 
  from what i 've gathered they basically just dull you . 
  still , you will just get arrested as you exit it . 
  :p / u/crossfitvegan has a dutch flag , not a russian one . 
   german democrats  nazis brah . 
  look up the definition of democratic please . 
  how are you confusing literal fascism with democracy ? 
  i feel like you 're winding me up at this point but i 'm worried you might genuinely believe the stuff you 're saying ... 
  not a single person ( who is n't a neo-nazi ) would say that nazi germany was a `` liberator '' or `` best ally '' . 
  people tell that story because it 's true . 
  the red army committed atrocities including [ the rape of 2 million german women ] ( https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/international-psychogeriatrics/article/the-unspoken-secret-sexual-violence-in-world-war-ii/c3d368a7ef538aeb91ed680fd6599d10 ) and so did the nazis . 
  there 's a good reason why all ex-communist countries have torn down the statues commemorating the red army ... stop posting meaningless emotional rhetoric without a single fact to it . 
  quit your shilling . 
  sneaky romanians ... 
  the only time that a european nation has been in an aggressive war with russia within the last 100 or so years ( the ussr really ) was during ww2 . 
  that nation was nazi germany ... as for what happened in 1945-1990 , i still have no clue what you 're on about . 
  `` democratic '' is n't exactly a word i 'd attribute to nazi germany . 
  forgive my lack of history knowledge but when were 27 million russians killed due to european democratic aggression ? 
  * why is referendum a method ? 
  * why are you ending a while statement with a semi-colon ? 
  * why are you not just doing ( ! referendum ( ) ) ? 
  if you 're going to try and be clever by writing pseudo-code at least do it correctly . 
  do n't invade countries , do n't get sanctioned . 
  easy peasy . 
  surely that 's an issue for the dutch government rather than the eu ? 
   british parliamentary sessions are undeniably the most entertaining in the whole of europe was way better with david cameron though . 
  theresa may does n't really have the bants . 
  brexiteers are going to have a very large pill to swallow . 
  leaving the single market will fuck over the only major industry we have left ( financial services ) . 
  no it definitely will be . 
  we will definitely still remain in the single market however . 
  how come a single state is so critical for presidential elections ? 
   brits behave like savage animals hold your horses mr. snail eater . 
  the problem with the euro is that it has a monetary policy but no common fiscal policy . 
  if canals are nationalistic then the netherlands must be full on nazi ... oh wait ... 
  lol wait until you discover paradox strategy games if you think civ is addictive . 
  if may does n't let her do it then i imagine that it 'll only boost support for independence . 
  in fact the mandate is for soft brexit if anything . 
  48 % + ( at least ) 2 % of leave voters would be enough . 
  is it really brexit if they enjoyed it ? 
  not hard tbh . 
  the terrorist 's equivalent of `` my dog ate my homework '' . 
   having many specialised helis instead of one universal platform that does n't necessarily fit all the requirements is a good idea . 
  it makes logistics a massive pain in the arse and you have to train mechanics on a bunch of different equipment rather than just 1 set . 
  when you factor in the costs it becomes quite a bit more expensive than maintaining a single universal system . 
  at least we 're not the french . 
  he 's also one of the few important people who are actually sensible . 
  visit northern ireland and your opinion might change on how viable they 'll be . 
  iirc it 's being paid for by the chinese and built by the french . 
  what does jailing bankers have to do with the eu ? 
  i also feel like i should add that iceland does n't want to join the eu because of fishing : which turns out to be pretty important when it makes up over a quarter of your economy . 
  most foreign students end up at oxbridge/russel group unis though . 
   medicine , engineering , sciences , other shortage skills which is probably around 70 % -80 % of them . 
  i live in oxford , a city with tons of foreign students . 
  i do n't care what you personally think but they have definitely contributed to the city regardless of what they studied . 
  why on earth would you not want university educated people in the economy ? 
  yep ... ca n't wait to pay over # 12k a year to make up for the foreign students ... 
  the education is n't nationalised either , and it 's not being sold to foreigners . 
  please do n't talk out of your arse . 
  it 's bloody ridiculous . 
  foreign students come here and pay * loads * to study which is where unis get a fair bit of money from . 
  people who joined the party in the last 6 months were n't allowed to vote . 
  if they corbyn would have gotten a much bigger majority . 
  they 're not paying what they have to though are they ? 
  the entire point of this is that they 're breaking eu laws . 
  i 'm pretty sure that it is * actually illegal * to call it chocolate because it does n't contain enough chocolate . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't get why this sub has become super hostile towards the uk . 
  especially when the majority of people on here would have voted remain . 
  i feel like this would be funnier if i understood it . 
  it 's policy for them to consider * any * request and that 's what he stated because anything else would cause an even bigger shitstorm . 
  i would n't trust the torygraph on something like this . 
  it 's probably just an idea 1 person suggested in a meeting somewhere and nothing will ever come of it . 
   i am pro-eu , never made that a secret , but i also respect democracy . 
  the uk made it 's choice and now i support nothing less then them leaving the eu , because it 's the will of a majority . 
  whenever i see people saying this i get really annoyed . 
  in many other mature democracies such drastic constituational changes are legally impossible with a 4 % majority . 
  brexiteers have complained since the uk joined the eec , and now remainers are expected to just accept leaving the eu unlike brexiteers for the last 30 years . 
  it 's still technically true . 
  edit : overseas territories would like a word with the downvoters . 
  i do n't get the joke ... 
  [ why do n't you understand that anime belongs in the trash ?
