  plus , it 's paid for using money from the royal family . 
  if they were to rebuild it now it 'd be a fraction of the size . 
  well i stand by my comment !, 
  and we burned the white house to the ground . 
  yeah . 
  the queen 's powers are supposedly granted by god or something like that but you wo n't find any religion in politics here . 
  ( aside from a few minority tories ) it 's more tradition . 
  i just care deeply about useless internet points . 
  :p honestly i disagree with that though . 
  i think the eu knows that trump is full of shit . 
  plus , i would n't want to be first in line for whatever he constitutes as a trade deal . 
  i 'm * far * more concerned about him and china . 
  it does n't matter if he 's friendly with russia if he starts a trade war with china . 
  we ca n't even negotiate until we 've actually left the eu . 
  even then , fta 's take so long to negotiate there 's a good chance he wo n't even be president by the time it 's done . 
  by ` us ' i mean regular people . 
  yeah , it 's honestly terrifying i think . 
  so much for separation of church and state . 
  except it is n't going to benefit us . 
  edit : by ` us ' i 'm referring to common people , not the uk !, 
  could be done top-down . 
  minis are made in a bloody massive plant by me in oxford . 
  well until recently the uk had the strongest soft dipolmatic power , so quite a lot of people it would seem . 
  the uk has n't invaded people in quite a while either , russia is still invading it 's neighbours now . 
  they do n't need to `` search long and deep '' when they do shady and borderline illegal shit openly . 
  is this the same study that conveniently left out the financial services and banking sector ( the cornerstone of the economy ) ? 
  kinda hard to portray a country that invades others as good . 
  people in / r/europe really love beating their kids , huh ? 
  i feel like he was more talking about intra-eu migration due to the thousands of years of killing each other . 
  they still pay income tax though , just not in their home country . 
  they 'll still pay stuff like national insurance in their home country though . 
  you should read up on the cases then . 
  what apple and ireland did * is illegal * . 
  they are not going after them because of any `` fair share '' nonsense . 
  also , if you 're going to claim that commissioners are avoiding taxes then you should provide a reliable source . 
   employees of eu institutions happily try to take other people 's money the eu enforcing the laws of the eu ? 
  i do n't see what the problem with that is . 
  ireland is breaking the union 's laws by allowing corporations to avoid tax via state aid , which is illegal . 
  how can you be angry at the eu for taxing corporations profiting in the single market , but not to the corporations who are contributing less than a regular person whilst making billions ? 
  what on earth are you trying to advocate for ? 
  utrecht and rug both have excellent reputations , so i ca n't really go wrong !, 
  thanks for all that , that 's incredibly useful !, 
  you 've definitely convinced me more towards utrecht now . 
  i 'm heading to both cities in february so hopefully i 'll have a better idea then . 
  this is the first time i 've spoken to someone who knows about the cities , so this is really useful for me . 
  do you know what the living costs are roughly like between the 2 cities ? 
  that 's really insightful input , thanks !, 
  my only concern with utrecht is that it looks a fair bit more expensive than ~ ~ utrecht ~ ~ groningen . 
  though , i live in the most expensive part of the uk so it ca n't be that bad in comparison . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm heading to either groningen or utrecht ( have n't decided yet ) to study economics . 
  make it a guy , then sure !, 
  exact same situation i 'm in . 
  luckily i 'm heading to the netherlands for uni in september so i hope that 'll be my way of escaping . 
  the problem with that would be younger people ( 16-18 ) or students at uni who ca n't simply go live in a foreign country will miss out massively . 
  fuck that i 'd still leave in a heartbeat . 
  sorry , getting confused with the half naked welsh girls carrying bottles of cheap wine . 
  wine street is probably my favourite place in the world . 
  the ones which are grounded all the time were the prototypes which had n't been certified to fly in inclement weather . 
  every other aircraft in development had the same issue . 
  if you 're going to hate on the plane at least do n't make shit up . 
  the f-35 is a pretty damn good aircraft and it 's cheaper than eurofighters . 
   but first necessity products are at a far smaller percentage of 5,8 % only in france is it that low value and most countries just have a flat rate for everything . 
  it does n't matter if you 're buying more stuff . 
  there 's still a minimum amount of things that you need ( food , etc. ), 
  no matter how rich you are . 
  these tend to make up most of the money spent on vat for households . 
  it does . 
  * if vat is 20 % and you buy something that is # 1,000 you 'll pay # 200 vat . 
  * if you make # 30k a year , then that 's 0.6 % of your income . 
  * if you make # 100k a year , then that 's 0.2 % of your income . 
  the idea is that the poorer you are , the greater proportion of your income is being spent on vat . 
  [ here 's some reading on it ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/regressivetax.asp ) . 
  because it 's a [ regressive tax ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/regressivetax.asp ) . 
  on my birthday too !, 
  i was wondering why i had you tagged as a `` bit of a cunt '' ... 
   because i 've got this hunch that a lot of people already know what i 'm about to say ? 
  redditors ca n't read minds mate . 
  i 'm pretty sure stockholm is quite clean . 
  i was just responding to what / u/theunrealarchon said . 
  i have no clue who the man even is . 
  what ? 
  you should be competent * before * getting a very important governmental job . 
  you should n't really have to gain experience on a job like that ... 
  i was wondering that as well . 
  there 's a big esa building near me too . 
  i strongly disagree with that . 
  there 's a lot of very good investigative journalists out there . 
  free west media . 
  a true bastion of journalistic integrity : definitely not an alt-right rag . 
  how do they even map this stuff ? 
  who 's saying it is n't a genocide ? 
  i imagine you were thinking of the current account surplus . 
  i thought that but americans are stupid enough to believe stuff like that so i could n't tell . 
  i mean it quite literally says that in the info . 
  it is * entirely * for laughing at americans . 
  read the comments and the posts man ... also take a look at the banner . 
  in the fact , the sub description says exactly that . 
  for laughing at americans saying dumb thing maybe . 
  what ?
