  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwftsisjkck ), 
  and living without facebook is pretty hard as well considering it 's essentially the only way of keeping in contact with people without needing to use 50 different websites or apps . 
  if you have a phone then it 's collecting more data than facebook ever will be , yet i do n't see you advocating to shout about it from the rooftops and start using tin cans for communications . 
  if they pulled the article it 'd basically be admitting that it 's fake making any legal proceedings much harder for them . 
  uk slander and libel laws are really strong . 
  in peace time that is correct . 
  however with the current rising tensions in the world ( and even the very unlikely event of a war ) then nato could block it and prevent russia from utilising their fleet in the med . 
  also , in winter times there is nowhere else for them to even deploy ships from as it 's frozen in the north . 
  you using hyperbole does n't make my point invalid . 
  in the event of rising tensions , russia being able to project power into the mediterranean will give them far greater negotiating power . 
  additionally , like you said , easy supply lines to the middle east and africa will benefit russia quite a bit . 
  having access to the bosphorous strait would be massive for russia . 
  it 's more than just ` imaginary victory points ' . 
  student unions are run by wankers though . 
  less cruel than spending 20 years in prison imo . 
  there 's quite a big difference between trump becoming president and getting a blowjob in a cafe ... 
  should n't it be ` thou shall only blame the eu if thou ** does not ** permit it to function properly ' . 
  they probably could n't . 
  the problem is that they could get the nuclear material and pass it onto terrorist factions . 
  do n't be mean about our food !, 
  apparently they train and employ all of the imams in turkey . 
  i 'd rather if you did n't . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not like you just decide to purchase a 50bil company over the weekend . 
  when she was asked theresa may described herself as a `` reluctant remainer '' which is basically what cgp has said . 
  52 % of about 72 % ( i think the turnout was ) which is something like 34 % . 
  they probably just paid their way out of it . 
  i can confirm that to be mostly correct . 
  plus it is n't adjusted for ppp or anything . 
  not for us it bloody well is n't !, 
  i 've noticed this too . 
  since the referendum a bunch of people on this sub have turned into complete and utter wankers . 
  it 's not fun :(, 
  the economist has really good ones too . 
  he 's really saying that it wo n't ever be invoked because he expected to remain . 
  this is just a power play to become pm . 
  i 'm pretty sure that we 'll remain . 
  75 % of parliament and around 50 % of the country is in support of the eu . 
  plus , devolved parliaments ( scotland and northern ireland ) can veto the decision and they both voted to remain . 
   if it passes ( which it 99.9 % will ) no it wo n't . 
  the labour membership are very much pro-corbyn even if the mp 's are n't . 
  if the lib dems get voted in under the promise that they 'll ignore the referendum then that * is * a democratic mandate . 
   brexit was just a ruse for petty internal political struggles [ exactly ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/boris-johnson-attacked-by-tory-minister-anna-soubry-for-placing-leadership-ambitions-ahead-of-our-a7103241.html ), 
  i think lib dems could have a shot at it too . 
  they 're making a * massive * campaign about how they represent the 48 % of people . 
  south east asian countries will probably have no interest in any of the stuff we export though . 
  is that enough time to gain eu citizenship ? 
  the british army is n't a bunch of terrorists though . 
   idiocratic macho lad bullshit it 's called ` bants ' . 
  i 'm looking at studying there in 2017 !, 
  hopefully we remain in otherwise that 's down the drain . 
  there 's no way in hell i 'm going to pay # 9k ( going up to # 12k ) a year for uni . 
  thank god we absolutely obliterated half the world a few hundred years ago . 
  makes my lingual life a lot easier . 
  speculators are n't responsible for the performance of economies . 
  they just specualate what is going to happen and hedge their investments accordingly . 
  probably . 
  being rich does n't make you evil . 
  / u/temperok only seems to post about russia . 
  he 's just a shill to be ignored . 
  name checks out . 
  greece actively lied and misled eu officials afaik , which was why they were allowed into the euro . 
  hey at least dutch does n't have 50 different version of the word ` the ' !, 
  southern dutch . 
  evil . 
  legally it is . 
  so please enlighten us as to what you think the victory conditions for terrorists are ? 
  hint : it 's in the name and / u/tropomj is right . 
  uk is in the eu , and by extension gibraltar is too . 
  they have something like -5 % growth . 
  it 's already costing them quite heavily . 
  oh right i misunderstood your comment . 
  i thought you were saying that devaluation was n't controlled by the central bank . 
  you 're talking about depreciation !, 
  devaluation is only for a fixed-rate currency and is controlled by the central bank . 
  a vote for pvv is a wasted vote anyway . 
  even if he got a massive share of votes no-one would make a coalition with him as he 's so toxic . 
  you ca n't devaluate a free floating currency . 
  you can help it to depreciate , but ultimately it 's still down to the free market . 
  he 's probably saying meds instead . 
  it 's an espresso . 
  whilst i appreciate the express nature of them , they 're bloody damn well called an espresso . 
  they were very obviously joking . 
  it 's amazing what can happen if people listen to their developers . 
  ... what ? 
  i do n't read the gruandian . 
  i came up with it in me noggin ' . 
  i was being overly dramatic to make a point about how silly and pointless the original comment is . 
  although life * has * actually changed for me ... 
  if the eu is a smoker on life support then the uk is a heroin junkie twitching at the side of a motorway . 
   the typical dutch defence you 're getting the french and dutch confused , you must be a turk . 
  uk newspapers are usually fairly good tbh . 
  it 's the shitty tabloids that are the cancer . 
  honestly , if you 've moved to the netherlands ( which is a fucking wonderful country ) and refuse to integrate , support a by-the-books dictator , riot for no fucking reason , openly hate your host country , and are generally a menace to society ... eh , it 's hard to defend them and i 'm very strongly against growing police powers . 
  i do n't get it . 
   just bulked up culinary inferior alternative to chicken thank you !, 
  turkey meat is just dry and shit , much like the country . 
  most people get there work done in a lot less time , so it 's just a massive waste of resources to keep people in the office . 
  from what i 've read the balkan routes are mostly closed now . 
  to his credit it 's working quite well though .
