  i 've read your comment 5 times and i still ca n't work out what you 're saying . 
  bloody hell someone lacks a sense of humour ... 
  the guardian is pretty good actually . 
  most of the stuff they get flak for is their opinion pieces , which is stupid . 
  sounds like a plan !, 
  well i wish you luck in your campaign , even if i doubt anything will ever come of it myself . 
   catalonia gaining independence is also legal . 
  even if i agreed with everything you said , this one sentence destroys all credence in what you 're saying . 
  breakaway regions is * not * legal under the spanish constitution . 
  and even if it were legal in catalonia , it still would not be in spain and they would not recognise catalonia as a country . 
  troops would be sent in and it would not end well for spain or catalonia . 
  other countries would side with spain as it is the largest of the two and already a member of many international treaties . 
  be careful about saying that other people are lying , as i 've seen you post some things in this thread that are walking a very fine line . 
  i 'm not sure if i agree with your statements about countries not blocking catalonia joining the eu . 
  it would set a dangerous precedent that their own regions might use in order to get their independence . 
  you just have to look at spain 's comments regarding scotland to see that this would definitely be an issue . 
  your assessment of scotland is also a bit wrong . 
  the eu push for scottish independence because it weakens the uk , reducing the uk 's leverage due to internal pressure from scotland . 
  they 're not really comparable scenarios . 
  additionally , scotland gaining independence is legal . 
  catalonia doing the same is not . 
  the eu functions better with less members , especially when they do n't have issues with each other like a hypothetical catalonian state would have with spain . 
  eh , this guy is all over this thread saying completely insane things - i just wanted him to give me a funny reply . 
  i get striving for independence but the dude clearly does n't know anything . 
  do n't trap me in with them :(, 
   you ca n't be more wrong ... and why is / u/mostoriginalnickname wrong ? 
  if it 's in the water supply then yes it will be . 
  except for the fact that it 's in england . 
  emperor farage . 
  depends on the school and on the teacher . 
  i live about an hour away and i remember going there as a kid for short beach holidays . 
  when i think of bournemouth i think of a typical seaside town that 's a little bit rundown . 
  good to hear it 's doing well now though . 
  i never realised that bournemouth was an up-and-coming place . 
  whats this in reference to sorry ? 
  i know very little about spanish history . 
  til , thanks . 
  i mean yes , you probably will be . 
  no-one will choose catalonia over spain . 
  i 've never even heard of the guy until you mentioned him , and then you said he was a sleazy communist ... 
  i legitimately am at a loss as to what you 're saying . 
  why are you calling him some evil communist for saying that catalonia would have to print it 's own money ... ? 
  yeah i 'm sure a breakaway province would be able to make such amazing deals all on it 's own . 
  it would increase the intensity of them though , which is what i was trying to get at . 
  remember that film does n't work the same way as a sensor does . 
  you could n't just put a higher iso roll in to get this you 'd have to decrease shutter speed . 
  it 'll increase the amount of light hitting the film which will create this effect . 
  you can see it 's a longer shutter speed from the light trail from a car 's rear lights on the right side of the road . 
  yeah , and with a longer shutter speed which would create this effect . 
  it 's from 1971 . 
  it would n't be edited that much . 
  the joke just did n't make any sense in the context ... 
  well it is n't actually a 7nm process . 
  they just measure the distance between the legs and say that it 's xnm when in reality it 's larger . 
  intel started it off then everyone followed because marketing . 
  i mean you clearly did n't ... 
  it 's not like the turkish will do anything against greece for it . 
  it 's just for internal politics . 
  if you 've played eu4 for anything more than a few hours then you should be able to get it . 
  it 's just a joke about how every ming games plays out the same with trump added over because the man 's a meme . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  [ china feat eu4 ] ( https://youtu.be/uvzbmawdbzw ), 
  proving once again how nations can cooperate with ~ ~ each other in good faith ~ ~ massive amounts of money . 
  what the actual fuck are you on about ? 
  david cameron was a much more centrist tory though . 
  i think he was a good pm actually , just made a fucking awful decision with the referendum . 
  had it of turned out 2 % differently , he would 've effectively put scottish independence and brexit to bed . 
  do n't worry i did n't get it either . 
  `` i 'll use nuclear weapons '' \\* * clapping intensifies * \\*, 
  all the bots . 
  which is exactly what they 're saying as well . 
   soros is the one to blame for everything yeah but why ? 
  the ` worse ' thing he seems to do is fund liberal political parties which he 's perfectly entitled to do . 
  what the hell is it with you hungarians and soros ? 
  it 's really just down to the battles ongoing between the us and eu . 
  the us is going hard on deutsche bank for 2008 , the eu is going hard on us corporations avoiding tax . 
  it 's now just going back and forth with more companies being thrown into the mix . 
  if you ask the majority of people here they 'd tell you that merkel is the dictator-leader of the eu and anything that germany wants to happen will happen . 
  it 's wrong , but it 'd explain their comment . 
  that 's correcting a typo , not grammar nazi-ism . 
  please do n't change it though it 's hilarious . 
  * wore whore means something slightly different ... 
  the entire area is a huge fireball . 
  we do it weirdly in the uk which is probably why you got confused . 
  o p w i l l e m, 
  he was the finance ( i think ) minister for some time so obviously had a lot of experience . 
  i would n't mind seeing the current government falling apart , but that is pretty much happening right now anyway . 
  yeah it definitely seems like the kind of tongue-in-cheek comment he 'd say to troll her . 
  some carriers started supporting it early knowing they were going to have to in the future anyway . 
  with three i 've had roaming for about 6 months . 
  the country would tear itself apart . 
  i 'm very pro-eu but at this stage it 's impossible to remain as we are . 
  the article says that he was worried about may having too small of a majority to make brexit work . 
  whether or not he was gambling on her failing is another question though . 
   is he really that bad ? 
  my dutch friends dislike him but he 's miles ahead of the wankers we have . 
  it 's easier to convince someone to not do something than to do something . 
  my swamp german is pretty bad . 
  you 're saying `` that is no secret '' right ? 
  je bent nederlands .
