i would argue so . 
  i can see where the ` freedom fighters ' in places such as palestine would turn to terrorism . 
  if another country had been occupying my homeland then i 'd be pretty pissed off at the bastards . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
  almost definitely . 
  the greens have no chance of being the majority party though . 
  if you make a statement then you should back it up by evidence rather than downvotes . 
  nearly every post on that sub right now is about either immigration or europe though . 
  * if all you care about is immigration . 
  can you give some examples ? 
  from what i saw the mumbles had expensive ( for wales ) houses and they all seemed to be fairly nicely done . 
  my experience of swansea is watching half naked people stumble up and down wine street while vomiting over police officers . 
  english is the main [ standard language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standard_language ) so not really . 
  mumbles is pretty nice though . 
  could be swansea . 
  loved people watching while my sister went to uni there . 
  and then once he 's saved us we can all have a pint with him !, 
  intelligence services are really , really good at their job . 
  i bet they 've got their eyes on any known/suspected isis affiliates . 
  mi6 had been tracking a british guy who 'd buggered off to syria for months and recently got him . 
  ca n't be worse than the shitty ridiculously humid uk summers . 
  people on / r/uk will jump on you if you say anything bad about corbyn . 
  it 's annoying tbh . 
  it 's probably one of those things where he was charged simply because that 's the law , but it will get repealed ( or whatever it 's called ) later on . 
  still should n't happen in the first place though ... 
   who does n't speak english as a first language . 
  ftfy . 
  read the comments the guy has posted and tell me again that he 's a ` normal ' soldier . 
  the first video ... and americans wonder why they 're so disliked ... edit : this is sarcasm for anyone who did n't pick up on it . 
  both sides tend to be anti-science . 
  far-left is more anti-gm and anti-nuclear . 
  far-right tends to be anti-medical science and whatnot . 
  on / r/unitedkingdom , most people it seems love corbyn and will downvote you to hell if you saying bad about him . 
  well they were citizens of the british empire so sort of . 
  i 'd imagine it was proposed by the 1 politician in government who is n't corrupt ... then they all laughed him out of parliament . 
  if i was corrupt politician then i 'd vote against putting myself in jail . 
  plaid cymru are basically ignored by everyone though are n't they . 
  i remember watching the leader 's debate and the only thing they ever talked about was wales . 
  think people just thought of them as a joke after that . 
  uk is much better off together imo anyway . 
  although i 'm english so i obviously benefit the most from it . 
  and you 're pretty naive to think that you 'll actually get independence , but sure . 
  holy shit now you 've pointed it out that is actually a bloody terrifying smile . 
  i only learnt about catalonia from this thread . 
  had heard the name before but had no idea what it was . 
  i 'm typically more clued in compared to most of my friends as well so probably none of them know what it is . 
  there guys do seem 100 % confident that they 'll get independence though when basically the rest of the thread disagrees . 
  is welsh independence an actual serious thing with political backing ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he was just being hypothetical . 
  you 're really living in a pipe dream are n't you ? 
  sovereignty needs to be recognised . 
  no-one is going to recognise a separatist movement especially when relations with spain are far more important than some autonomous region . 
   they will , once the spanish state acts as a dictatorial police state . 
  if spain goes in and arrests the catalonian politicians for declaring independence ( which is a crime , btw ) then they 're enforcing their country 's laws , not being dictators . 
  they really would n't . 
  most people in europe probably do n't even know a thing about catalonia either . 
  what 's so bad about spain anyway ? 
  `` the easiest way to fix the migrant crisis is to fix the world . '', 
  think you might want to look at india . 
  we need to globally re-distribute the rape !, 
  well you can at least walk in and around it pretty easily . 
  you seem to be saying 2 different viewpoints ... 
  say what you will about the polish , most of them are a hard working bunch who 'll do our shitty jobs . 
  a friend of mine owns a farm and says that all of their produce pickers are polish . 
  the religion and culture aspects are really difficult . 
  islam is a pretty cool religion and if practiced by moderates , is no better or worse than christianity . 
  however , people who follow islam tend to be from countries with a not-so-compatible culture . 
  stuff like fgm tends to come with them when they immigrate . 
  it 's a fine line . 
  i think people unrealistically expect such a massive bureaucratic system to just be able to come up with a solution overnight . 
  getting stuff through parliament is hard as it is . 
  getting it through the eu must be magnitudes more difficult . 
   he 'll damn i know merkel is n't a looker but * jeez * . 
  considering that your flair is * `` eu = fourth reich '' * , i 'm sure that you 're an extremely unbiased and trustworthy person . 
   ukrainian jets being shot down . 
  exactly . 
  yeah well it 's not like they would n't ally is it ? 
  i think it 's because if someone appears to be stupid , then you 're more likely to look down on them . 
  uk and france alone have a combined army larger than russia 's . 
  is it irrational though ? 
  from my perspective it seems like some very orchestrated chaos . 
  ` method to the madness ' if you will . 
   i really do n't get how people can believe this . 
  propaganda most likely . 
  putin is quite clearly extremely intelligent . 
  he was a pilot in the russian air force , served as a kgb spy , and became the ( essentially undisputed ) leader of russia . 
  even if it was n't beneficial to putin directly , it 'd benefit one of his mates . 
  therefore strengthening his position . 
  if one of the most dangerous animals kills 1.1 people a year , then something is being done right . 
  it 's russia . 
  the ` elite ' can do whatever the hell they want . 
  the russian government is n't stupid . 
  they know precisely what they 're doing . 
  you 'd have to be an idiot to think that they 're doing it just because they can . 
  ca n't blame him . 
  only 2.27 % of the uk is built on . 
  we do have a very high population density though . 
  probably shock . 
  i would sure as hell not know wtf to do if a plane crashed in front of me . 
  is n't turkey pretty racist towards most of the people in the me ?
