  i 'd agree . 
  and they 're still voting against their interests by voting tory . 
  and even if they did vote in an mp who wants to fund the local area , if the government does n't want to do it then it wo n't happen . 
  i 100 % agree with the first bit of your sentence , but it 's no secret that wesminster is ignoring most places outside the south east . 
  * bigoted . 
  a bigot is a person who holds bigoted beliefs . 
  nah it 's fine theresa will just give them some ridiculously good incentive that is probably illegal to stay . 
  even the format 's creator calls it `` gif '' !, 
  in the us gay marriage is legal but a lot of the people still seem to have problems with it . 
  in europe it may not be legal everywhere but most people do n't seem to give a fuck . 
  pennies compared to what a military would cost though . 
   why in the future should ireland get a vote on defence if ireland does n't participate in a defence union probably because a defence union would use eu money . 
  though if they did n't join then surely they probably do n't want to . 
  being a climate change denier in the netherlands seems silly . 
  i 'm starting at utrecht this september and i 'm pretty worried over what will happen . 
  quiet , south brabant !, 
   production chains in the single market are incredibly integrated with parts and products going back and forth over national borders . 
  the mini plant is about 20 minutes away from where i live and i 've been on a tour around it . 
  their logistics chain is * insane * and it 'd break down completely if paperwork was imposed on the components . 
  i study economics and i 'm well aware of the make up of economies and i 'm not disagreeing with facts . 
  nothing you said is an argument against my original point though which is that they need to boost investment to manufacturing rather than the op 's suggestion to cut it to services . 
  cutting investment to services will only harm them and increase unemployment yet manufacturing will still not grow , so in effect it will be useless . 
  i 'm talking about eu wide not in the uk . 
  the uk has quite a lot high tech manufacturing anyway , especially in the aerospace industry . 
  most military aircraft contain british parts somehow or another and the f-35 is about 20 % british as well i believe . 
  that was a very hostile comment ... 
  if the terms are based upon eu membership ( which they almost certainly are ) then it is n't rubbish , it 's reality . 
   you do n't just own something after someone else invests into it . 
  it depends on the contract . 
  in this case , the eu do in fact own it . 
  if i paid off half of someone 's mortgage it does n't mean i automatically own half their house . 
  they will still own them . 
  the 60 bil does n't involve them handing over anything . 
  how people so blindly commit to their beliefs is staggering to me . 
  it was nixon who tried to drop bombs on vietnam , apparently . 
  just that it 's harder to adopt , for starters . 
  you mean saudia arabia ? 
   we need a while to get our other trade deals sorted i ca n't wait to get fucked by whatever trump and china constitutes as a trade deal . 
  if your only response is to correct a mistype from my phone then you need to try harder !, 
   hi worthless country better to be a worthless country ( which portugal is n't ) than the laughing stock of the entire world . 
  thanks america for taking that one off of our shoulders !, 
   leftists , bleeding hearts can we please stop with this partisanal nonsense that both ` sides ' ( because left/right are stupid terms for politics ) participate in . 
   may might be a tory but she seems somewhat competent strongly disagree with that one honestly . 
  from what i 've seen it seems like she has no clue what to do , and from what people have said in the home office she was useless in that role too . 
  i was hypothetically speaking , not saying that 's actually the case . 
  but if there was popular support then i see no reason not to . 
  also , reddit is * really * not representative of the real world . 
  if people from cyprus wanted to be part of the greece then why should n't they ? 
  it covers the bare minimum needed to survive . 
  if you want luxuries then you 'd have to work . 
  it 's not . 
  a forest is [ this ] ( http://assets.worldwildlife.org/photos/946/images/story_full_width/forests-why-matter_63516847.jpg?1345534028 ) whereas timber is trees specifically cut down and manufactured for construction/whatever . 
   export forest i assume you 're talking about [ timber ] ( http://hybrid-build.co/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/building-with-timber1.jpg ) ? 
  the public opinion on the matter has n't really changed all that much yet though , if polls are to be believed . 
  it 's too close to the last one . 
  walls in belfast are n't really a thing anymore considering you can walk past them . 
  i also do n't see the issue with walls on the border to stop the flow of illegal immigration from turkey and north africa . 
  so countries do n't care about stuff that does n't affect them ? 
  no shit . 
  that 's only a small section of the agenda , but an important one nonetheless !, 
  i 'm fully aware he 's a troll ( look at that name lol ) i was just curious to go down the rabbit hole . 
  no , you did n't . 
  you soapboxed about gender equality which is n't an answer . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  how will same sex adoptions fuck of kids ? 
  i do n't get what 's alternative about it ? 
  it 's still just growing regular food . 
  brexit was always very close , trump also seemed to poll closely despite the media being against him . 
   the difference is an illusion given by the institutional myopia caused by institutional balkanization . 
  what ? 
  torture is not only barbaric but fucking pointless as people will say anything to make it stop . 
  all you get is a bad reputation and no info . 
  it 's what they did to the dutch . 
  edit : the nazi army could n't get past dutch defensive lines so they wiped rotterdam off the map , forcing the dutch government to surrender . 
  it is the austrian flag is n't it ? 
  macedonia is red with a yellow circle with protruding lines . 
  it 's why left/right are stupid terms . 
  imo it only makes more sense to use left/right when talking about economics ( intervention vs. free market ) . 
  is n't that already the case ? 
  i remember reading something along those lines although maybe it was just suggested . 
  ehh , they 're too different imo as they focus on different things . 
  eu4 is more about the country whereas ck2 is about the individual . 
  after playing eu4 , civ seems ridiculously shallow and boring . 
  if i ca n't genocide half the world then where 's the fun ? 
  if i was that rich then i 'd also build awesome castles . 
  only no vote was a guy with dual argentinian citizenship who had family on the mainland . 
  well at least pence is n't threatening to fuck over europe as far as i know . 
  from what i know russian tanks are quite lacking when it comes to optics and stabilizers , especially compared to western armour . 
  i think the difference is that top gear is entirely dependent upon clarkson , may and hammond . 
  qi , on the other hand , is n't dependent upon steven fry . 
  i remember reading that they initially overproduced them and have a bunch of them sat in depots doing nothing it 's their current mbt but they have a lot which are out of service due to lack of funding . 
  they ca n't even afford them now though . 
  they 're restoring ~ ~ t-90 's ~ ~ t-80 's from the massive tank graveyards i think . 
  except we wo n't . 
  the uk is atrocious at funding science . 
  was 72 % for brexit . 
  tu delft is a pretty amazing university for aerospace so it 's quite surprising . 
  maybe they 're focusing on funding their own programs ? 
  disagree ( sort of ) . 
  buckingham palace is * way * older from a time when you built stupidly ostentatious palaces .
