which one way or another makes perfectly sense . 
  this is highly misquoted, 
  that 's actually a better answer . 
  people in france tend to live with the believe that the goverment and the president have to solve all of their problems . 
  which is , obviously wrong . 
  too the point , what should the goverment do ? 
  ban the veil even if it was a big fashion in france during the 60s ? 
  maybe we should just let people live their lifes . 
  actually you can . 
  people wear what they want for different reasons . 
  in some countries , being topless at the beach is being free . 
  in others , wearing the veil instead of a burka is being free . 
  you have to respect both . 
   i 'd agree . 
  it 's a comment which is made without placing the onus on anyone . 
   `` things will be better tomorrow '' ( by which time francois will be long gone ) he is actually quite right : the point is not to force the women to remove the veil but to create a society in which she does n't have to wear it to prove something to someone . 
  think about the burkini drama of this summer . 
  if no one would care about it , would they really be wearing it in a generation ? 
  given that they will grow , live and see other women bathing the way they want . 
  but instead , stupid people try to impose law on religious theme , and now these women will make it a point to wear a burkini . 
  it will become a point of pride and of defiance , and hence of radicalisation . 
  i miss the time where one could do the fuck they wanted in france ... 
   the good ol' `` let 's rationalize not doing anything '' . 
  typical hollande what would you like him do ? 
  for people not reading the article , a team of famous lawyers in france wanted to represent abdeslam in order to make the truth appear , in respect with the victim 's familly . 
  which means , finding associates , how it all happend , how we can avoid it . 
  at first , abdeslam was willing to speak and explain himself , but apparently , he changes his mind after noticing that he is being watched 24/7 in his cell . 
  without him talking , there 's not point in representing him . 
  france : - sarkozy vote intention for the primary are dropping , jupp\u00e9 seems favorite . 
  - it is still not clear whether holland will try to run for president again . 
  - it is still not clear whether macron will run for president . 
  - france try to vote a cease fire in aleppo , but russia veto 'd it again . 
  now france wants russia to be judge for war crime in syria . 
  - two police cars were attacked near paris ( evry ) and molotov cocktails were thrown in . 
  several policemen/women are severely hurt . 
  not a terror attack but still :( - alstom went from closing belfort factory where the tgv is built , to win a super contract for dubai 's underground . 
  saying that russia is comiting war crimes in syria is different than to say that usa is the bad guy . 
  any country in the world is invited to submit this kind of inquiry against usa or any eu members . 
   still , montebourg is a true socialist and i am surprised he would beat hollande . 
  montebourg is not that strong / popular , so it only highlights the unprecedented weakness of hollande . 
  hollande was always stuck between the hammer and the anvil . 
  it 's clear in everybody 's mind that a `` real '' socialism like montebourg is putting on the table will never work . 
  too expensive , too complicated , too soft to be real politics . 
  on the other hand , a very large part of the ps voters , will never admit it . 
  and even though , hollande is bringing a social democrats wind to france , nobody embraces it , and that 's what will kill hollande . 
  but i am quite sure , that in a couple of years , people will analyse his politics and think : `` hey , that 's where all the good stuff started '' ( i.e. 
  macron/jupp \u00e9 and the return of center politics that actually make sense ) . 
  note : i am no hollande supporter . 
  it has a lot to do with the first part of his mandate . 
  he spent almost two years removing every law passed by sarkozy during the previous 5-years , including the very love `` free-from-tax-extra-hours '' bill . 
  in the meantime , he try to impose austerity by lowering the state expanses and increasing the taxes . 
  these two things just killed him straight away . 
  after a while though , he pushes a couples of very strong and needed laws , and he managed to bring french people together again , whereas sarkozy always tried ( tries ) to split us apart , in a divide to conquer manoeuver . 
  but even if hollande manages to reduce employment in the end , or even if he would start a golden age for france , it 's just too late to recover from the initial blow . 
  shame , because he is actually not * that * bad . 
   it 's crazy to me that french people would actively move here due to how much higher wages in france are but indeed i have noticed a lot of french people living here now . 
  i think it is not so much to do with the jobs , but to the general atmosphere . 
  for instance , it is not seen as good to have money in france ... if you work hard and get a nice car , people will treat you as a vampire sucking money capitalist . 
  if you are defending the right for people to wear a burkini , then you are a terrorist . 
  and so on . 
  personally , i love prague and i love people there . 
  they are so open-minded and open to europe and the world . 
  i would really like to live there . 
  i really do n't think so , but maybe , who knows . 
  the point is that the media in france are so crazy about it . 
  everything he says , does or thinks is headlined everywhere . 
  a lot of people on / r/europe make fun of trump , but sarkozy is at the same level right now . 
  you could also argue that the offering in familly care in germany is really not so great , especially if you ca n't pay for a private extended care . 
  i assume that for people that are already short on money , not having the ability to get two full time jobs must be really hurting . 
  on top of that , imagine that couples without family ties or local background are basically on their own . . 
  after you learned several languages , it becomes easier and easier to learn more at your brain is getting extremely flexible . 
  i 'm learning my fourth language as for now , and my gf is starting her fifth , 
  16 years old ... let this sink in ... sixteen years old !, 
  but brexit is the mix and it almost seems that something is fostering and financing nationalism and extremism ... 
   jihadists not just jihadists , but any psycho . 
   spasms of a dying organisation , hopefully . 
  mimicing mechanism too . 
  it seems that a lot of citizen that do n't feel integrated and that would live in the edge of the society ; now feel the urge to do something like today . 
  they know they will be on tv , be famous , people in isis will be proud , and so on . 
   somebody is creating panic in europe . 
  not just isis , rather their investors . 
  the question would be : `` who is gaining the most from destabilizing eu ? '' . 
  not only terrorism but raise of nationalism , brexit , ... 
  america is not doing better with the patriot act ... 
   we are living in an unparalleled golden age of peace and prosperity yes , but shared by a few that a lot want to acquire . 
  this is exactly how a global problem occurs . 
   despite this we must stay calm to be strong . 
  thank you for saying this , france and europe must stay strong together . 
  as a french , i 'm very sad for you thinking that way . 
  france will show you why they are one of the strongest country in the world by sticking together no matter what color or religion you have and deal with isis uk help to create by following blindly usa in their stupid iraki crusade . 
  not knowing if the truck is not filled with gasoline and explosive ? 
  french police did anything they could to stop what was happening and keep the death count as low as possible . 
   i am french , i can tell this shit will keep on going on til we leave syria french too . 
  i really understand what you mean but you ca n't really compare the iraki invasion lead by usa and uk out of any worldwide/um mandate ; and a fight to stop an evergrowing and extremely aggresive terrorist organisation / state . 
  one led to the other , as the void left by hussein 's death created the chaos the area is now in . 
  but isis had/has to be stopped by any mean possible , if not , the death count in europa would be ten times higher . 
  your comment is the very thing that is fostering these attacks . 
  fear and hate are the fuel of populism , dictatorship and terrorism . 
  depends who will try to run against him . 
  this is great for both the image of the country and the fight against corruption .
