  i mean , somewhere sanctions have to hurt , otherwise they would be ineffective . 
  the eu decided not to sanction the people , but the state . 
  whereas russia decided to sanction the people , and not the union itself . 
  i 'm not against them . 
  russia has financed and equipped rebels and also took a huge piece of land . 
  the only ones who suffer from the sanctions __ russia imposed on us __ , are our farmers . 
  but then again , most of them would n't even survive on the global market without the subsidiaries from brussels . 
  also , it 's a bit naive from those who oppose the sanctions to think that russia will lift their sanctions on european food . 
  they wo n't , because they set a plan for themselves to get an independent food industry . 
  lifting these sanctions only would hinder this plan . 
  as a reminder , our european sanctions on russia only targeted selected companies and individuals on whom we have the evidence of financing the rebels . 
  well , sounds like they got ta pull something outta their ass , if a foreign language frightens them soo much . . 
  well ok , i live in mannheim and have quiet some turkish friends and they all speak wonderfully german . 
  know our laws and have businesses . 
  some are even employed by state / federal agencies . 
  maybe you confuse integration with assimilation . 
  they sure are n't assimilated , but , as said , integrated . 
  best integrated are the turkish and greek groups from the 60s . 
  because integration is seen as : stay true to your heritage , and adopt the new rules . 
  best assimilated : russian-germans as nobody is able to tell them apart from the local germans , but they gave up all their culture to achieve this . 
  problematic : at the moment the new mena refugees , but it 's too early to tell , because integration is n't something done over night . 
  as far as i can tell , most are willing to integrate , and will probably do so . 
  he is !, 
  just not north-east of the rhine , 
  i would not worry about the stability of the euro , france , germany , italy , the netherlands etc. 
  have such huge economies , that they could just issue a new currency , and everybody would accept it . 
  also i would n't advice anybody to resettle to a place where they do n't feel welcomed . 
  so has your friend been to europe and / or to china ? 
  if not , she might wan na try a vacation first and decide then . 
  a very important question : what did your friend study / learn ? 
  you could start from freiburg and go towards tittisee and todtnau , it 's a hilly road with many serpentines , and some beautiful waterfalls ( iirc ), 
  you . . you missed some commas !!, 
  i 'm following eu legislation for more than a decade now . 
  your kingdom sure had the same power as france and germany . 
  the 2004 reform of the job sector in germany has been made due to pressure from the uk . 
  you even had the ability to get special deals in an vast array of issues . 
  from fishing , to agriculture , to finance etc. 
  _ choose life . 
  choose a job . 
  choose a career . 
  choose a family . 
  choose a fucking big television , choose washing machines , cars , compact disc players and electrical tin openers ... _ , 
  missing consensus of shared values . 
  people who live in the same street might have huge differences regarding politics , social norms , food , sexual identity etc. 
  and it 's not just `` a bit off '' but massively off . 
  some are filthy rich , others are becoming working poor . 
  some want to abolish certain constitutional laws , others want to abolish the whole constitution . 
  some care for the refugees 24/7 without much compensation , others harass them for doing this . 
  other than that , we are still a fast aging country , missing skilled workers in a vast array of jobs . 
  and the school system fails on a broad level , leaving kids with semi knowledge of things which were important 20 years ago . 
  from time to time i have the impression that most problems could be solved , if the german union would disappear , and 2-4 german states would form . 
  well but that 's just my 2 cents , i 'm sure there are many other opinions . 
  as your previous president said : `` we can be a bit more informal among friends '' . 
  therefor our government does often oppose trump in public . 
  but just because we know that it 's more like a banter among friends . 
  regarding erdogan ... he is a little pussy who cries because of everything . 
  therefor our government does n't really oppose him in public , because that could hurt his feelings . 
  but behind closed doors , everybody laughs about his behavior . 
  you probably mean the 1 italian bank which is going to be saved by the government . 
  but there are others with the same problems , not just in italy or europe , but worldwide . 
  let 's say , all banks collapse at the same time , then we would face problems akin to the 2008 collapse of lehman and the whole sector . 
  this would be very bad , like really bad . 
  most economies just recently got out of the disaster which followed it . 
  let 's say only the one italian bank collapses ( which it already did ) . 
  in this case the italian government would be advised to buy out the bank with ( future ) taxpayers money . 
  alternatively , the bank would have to stop all affairs , which would freeze up all money customers have in the bank . 
  this is bad for the average joe and maybe some companies too . 
  ( in my opinion it would be good to try out , but it does n't matter , in the end the taxpayer will have to foot the bill , with the aforementioned strategy , atleast it is known how much it will cost ) . 
  let 's say , all italian banks collapse . 
  this would be as bad as the very first scenario , but , the fallout would hit european markets first . 
  as the other markets could just leave europe out of trading . 
  europe would have to solve the problem , because the italian state could never foot such a bill . 
  consequently , we would be pretty much fcked and the only thing left , would be the hope that this crisis will hit other economies as well . 
  think of it like a race . 
  in 2008 , all cars had problems , nobody ( except maybe germany ) had the ability to go ahead of the others . 
  the hierarchy prevailed . 
  if now one component of our european car ( since 2010 we are a european racing team ) fails a bit , we would have a slight disadvantage , but could still compete . 
  now if the whole car stalls , we would be fcked , because not only will others ahead of us gain something , but the ones behind us , could eventually overtake us , or even crash into our wreck . 
  it was odd , the sun settled in the east that day, 
  could you be a bit more vague ? 
  true . 
  he did finance a lot and in the beginning the disadvantages between the other clubs and hoffenheim ( especially in 2nd and 3rd league ) were massive . 
  but nowadays , they are self sustaining with the transfers from their youth academy . 
  do n't want to interrupt but for hoffenheim , that rich dude is one of the founders of sap . 
  he did n't buy any big players at all , but invested in modern training facilities and a youth training school in hoffenheim . 
  they are well regarded in that field now , with the help of sap they have begun to research how digital technologies can help the players etc. 
  also he funded a lot of youth academy 's in the region , and even saved some other football clubs when they had financial problems . 
  so it 's not primarily about making money for him , but a investment in the future of the region . 
  well , you got us . 
  but , what ya gon na do now ? 
  attack us ? 
  if so then you might be interested in the new kmw panze . . 
  europe is covered in ice at the moment . 
  even if our climate change would affect it ( hardly possible at that distance ) , we would only benefit from another earthlike planet , with water and oxygen , to which we could flee , after global warming destroyed this one . 
  in school we used to listen ntm and sa\u00efan super crew . 
  there are quiet a few `` ringer-vereine '' which is the classic greek-roman style which also can be seen at the olympics . 
  but you are right that `` american wrestling '' is very much a niche , and probably only in some bigger city . 
  i have never seen one in our area , and we got many gis here . 
  pharmacys should have it in stock, 
  sorry , but without the western front , half of europe would have been fascist .
