  afaik amazon uses the german site ( . de ) for eastern europe as well . 
  but my information may be a bit outdated, 
  albert einstein, 
  well , we do actually like to state this , because the weather here in the south west is different to the rest of germany . 
  here we have wine growing and also figs , which is uncommon for germany . 
  the average german climate is colder , has more rain and snow is likely to fall in winter . 
  the warmth here is due to the fact that we live on the rhine valley aquifer which saves the warmth of the sun and `` heats '' the earth during night , but also because we get warm winds from the mediterrainian sea , which flow along the rh\u00f4ne valley and then along the rhine valley , most of the time till frankfurt , where it usually ends . 
  culturally the rhine neckar region has been settled by the romans , cities like speyer or worms played a huge role during the beginning of the holy roman reich , later this region was a battlefield for a long time between the `` french '' and the `` germans '' , belonging to one realm for 50 years and then to the other , and so on . 
  after 1648 many people from switzerland immigrated into this terribly destroyed region and mixed with the locals . 
  while the rest of germany encountered an migration too throu these years , most of those migrants were `` inner german '' . 
  the area ( kurpfalz ) also was one of the most important `` states '' in the holy roman empire with the right to elect the emperor . 
  the duke who founded mannheim in 1607 also was a huge fan of the ideals of the renaissance , he ( or his ancestors idk atm ) build the first mosque in germany at the castle in schwetzingen in 1700 . 
  but ultimately , the region differs the most from the rest of germany because after world war 2 many migrants from east prussia filled heidelberg where no building was harmed . 
  but even more important were the u.s. army facilities , which were all over this region . 
  with up to 150.000 soldiers . 
  the people here started to mix cultures , german hiphop has its roots in heidelberg , rugby , baseball and american football are popular sports , ice hockey even more . 
  but to come to an end : most of the rhein valley from freiburg to frankfurt see themselves similar . 
  we have barely nothing in common with north germans , even less with `` prussians '' , but we have many common traditions with france , switzerland , belgium , luxembourg or the netherlands . 
  leaving us here to believe that we are technically germans , but by heart we are europeans . 
  thank you for reading and sorry for my bad english, 
  to your rescue : mannheim and heidelberg are not really that much german , 
  my answer and the following are more like a circle jerk , do n't take it too literally , 
  because you never know if someone will come at you with 250 km/h while you cross your inner city suburban neighborhood autobahn . 
  thus also fueling the fear for electric cars in germany , a nice german diesel can at least be detected by the sound and smell . 
  you can usually see the smoke miles before . 
  while electric cars are the silent killers !, 
  guess where you can buy it too , 
  i 'd say it would be the varieties of bread and sausages , but except from the obvious it would be `` mezzomix '' or `` spezi '' . 
  but i 'm not sure if it is n't sold in other european countries , at least it is n't sold in most counties i 've visited, 
  25km to france by bike, 
  ah i could n't remember how they formed it with `` grand hotel europa '' , 
  extra 3 is also a good show , thou it became more of a local ( northern ) satirical show ( but still good ) . 
  their host ( stefan ehring ) is often a guest at the major weekly political satire show `` die heute show '' ( the today show ) . 
  which is the most watched satirical show on german tv . 
  while both shows are good and funny , i choose die anstalt because it has something special/european , while the other two are likely to be found in most parts of the world . 
  then there is `` neo magazine royale '' with the famous jan b\u00f6hmermann . 
  you know , the one who faked the varufakis video and still has a ( personal battle ) dispute with erdogan over his poem . 
  his show is somehow different , but mainly because it is designed to entertain those between 14 and 40 . 
  many internet jokes , memes get `` upmemed '' and the aforementioned political stunts . 
  i 'm gon na go with the political cabaret `` die anstalt '' because it is a bit different . 
  it 's live broadcasted once a month from a studio with audience . 
  but the stage and setting is meant to be a mental clinic/asylum where the comedians are patients and the host comedians are the doctors ( although today the concept is n't followed through entirely ) . 
  there are 2 host comedians and 2-5 `` patients '' / guest comedians . 
  the issues they present are very controversial , and often they are the first to cover those issues on a big stage , or atleast talk about it . 
  throu out the whole show there are little hints and most pieces do connect very gently . 
  in the end , there is always a revelation ( or the revelation is suspended to let the viewers discuss certain issues on their own ) where often those who profit from problems are to be named . 
  some issues they covered are : - the endless power of the european court of justice - the burying of europa ( the woman and the continent ) - ttip & ceta the comedians often take a certain avatar role . 
  in case of the european court of justice court , the setting was a `` grand hotel europe '' where every country has a room . 
  one of the hosts represented the director of the hotel ( cutting of water from greece room ; alarm when spain opens minibar etc ) the other host represented the citizens , dressed as a tourist ( deciding to give greece all the water they need etc ) . 
  the guest comedians represented european countries . 
  as you might imagine , there are conflicts emerging and solved with comedy . 
  controversial topics `` get viewed from above '' and combined with genuine acting skills . 
  here is a link to the ttip topic : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anod2pspjxy edit : forgot to add : the show is broadcasted by our state broadcaster zdf . 
  so the hand who feeds those comedians is the one who gets bitten into , which is kinda funny, 
  most of the new pensioners belong to the generation of 68 . 
  they were hippies and children of love . 
  so these folks are more tolerant and alternative , than their parents ( war generation ) but also more liberal than their kids ( now 40-50 ) . 
  fair enough, 
  ok then i 'm gon na raise you a hill , 
  well he just tells people how to feel . 
  we feel so and so , we feel this and that . 
  but when the youth gathered on the streets to protest the surveillance methods , he did n't say anything positiv about them . 
  leading to my assumption , that he just gave up . 
  i mean , mass surveillance is the thing he protested against in 1989 , and now it is ok because he 's the one to decide ? 
  edit : oh how i like idiots downvoting a chain of comments without any explaination . . 
  truly an amazing feeling especially if it 's a small sub where every answer is more than appreciated . 
  at least mr. `` i downvote because i disagree '' give us an explanation . . 
  but i bet you moved along on your daily dislike trip seeking for happiness through spreading discontent, 
  yea he does , but if he mentions something uncomfortable for like horst k\u00f6hler did , you get kicked out faster than you 'd expect . 
  our current president is an old priest whom no one under 70 takes serious . 
  he talks pretty much to the old people and does n't even know how the world turns today . 
  he achieved his fame with the 1989 protests , where he gave shelter and was a main speaker of the movement . 
  nobody thought they would exhume him . 
  but yea here he is ... 
  maybe someone found an interior design magazine from 2007 ? 
  thank you , i 'll try to refresh it, 
  to cite a presidential candidate : _ yuuuuuuuuuuggge _ anyone under the age of 48 is still under the meridian age here . 
  we have a lot old people who do n't really grasp the needs of a transforming society . 
  many of them vote their party , not because of the ideas , but because it was done like this all the time ( and back in the days , the whole village voted united for one candidate ) . 
  this is what 's holding us back . 
  90 % of the goals of the coalition-contract we have atm are for the old ones . 
  even greens and leftists started to cater to the old folks , as they gain more percent there than with the youth . 
  it 's a dilemma . 
  if there wo n't be a change the next election ( at least a bit towards the youth ) i will be leaving this land , because then it will just become the worlds second biggest care-facility . 
  and i do n't see why my money should be used to care for some former nazis . 
  edit : an example i have a client , a nice old lady , 87 , widow . 
  she told me that her first man was in the ss , her second man worked at daimler . 
  she gets a partial pension from both of her former husbands , as both are dead . 
  on top , she get her pension . 
  all in all , she has more than 7.000 $ per month . 
  a normal working guy gets 14.000 a year for 40h work . 
  and his pension will be somewhere between 500 $ -700 $ . 
  and that 's the dilemma . 
  we work now for the super maximum pensions of the old folks , while we wo n't get anything near that sum . 
  as i said , a dilemma, 
  i think it would be a step away from living together . 
  there are many ngos lobbying for muslim rights ( ex : treating eid as a holiday ) , and i think it would be better if all the people would come together with one shared vision , than multiple particular ones . 
  but of course they can open their party . 
  if they want to , i ca n't stop them, 
  to be honest , all cities you mentioned are perfectly safe .
