  when i told him that i just played along for fun , he basically lost his shit and wished me death etc , told me to go f myself every minute till i die , told me how poor they are . . 
  i hung up , but he called again to continue with cursing me :d basically : they want you to download a ransomeware through your cmd.exe etc. 
  yep , the sparrenburg is actually real , but the `` photo '' of bielefeld is just a panoramic window in the sparrenburg with a gigantic photo of another german town on it , so people can say : look , this is bielefeld , it exists, 
  regarding the technical fields i 'd add the rwth aachen / aix-a-chapelle, 
  i think there might be a misconception with the asksubs and how they differ to askeurope . 
  ( or the other way round ) askeurope has transformed itself into an inner european qa game , where a spaniard wants to know how prevalent potatos in estonia are . 
  or a german might want to know which country also likes good wurst . 
  this is due to the fact that we do n't know each other in any way . 
  and how could we ? 
  we have so many different cultures here , it 's hard to pinpoint anything we all have in common . 
  so we need to find ourselves first . 
  now i 'm not saying that other cultures are not diverse , they definitely are , especially in the mena area . 
  but what i might want to say is , these asksubs are normally not for the people there to ask fellow `` countryman 's '' but for foreigners asking questions about said culture . 
  maybe i 'm wrong in this , but that 's how i encountered and use the asksubs , 
  oh you have to search on other sites . .  cuck ( old ) ( as used by the d users ) describes a man who enjoys watching his partner ( mostly woman ) having sex with ( an ) other man . 
  the term cuckoo child may be related to it , but i 'm not sure . 
  na you are right but 14 fitted the 40 phonetically, 
  the difference it the scale . 
  6000 in 40 years are a bit less than 6 millions in 14 years, 
  like mayonnaise on the pizza or ketchup in the bolognese , get modern italy !, 
  and bjoerndalen , forgot that amundsen was norwegian, 
  i only know two people from norway , both related to firearms . 
  probably pink floyds - the wall 1990 in berlin ; more than 450.000 people attended it https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_wall_%e2%80%93_live_in_berlin, 
  according to our media it 's either greece , spain or italy . 
  every of them for a different reason . 
  russian / eastern european anecdotes are the best , far better than the `` stories '' of the west . 
  today the prices vary a bit by the market those bars/pubs are in , the classic 0,5 l `` pils '' in a glass costs about 3-4 $ ( 3,50 $ ) at a pub , a 0,33 bottle of becks or flensburger about 2-2 ,5 $ ( 2,20 $ ) . 
  you can also order a pint of guinness for about 3,50 $ . 
  at op , bear in mind that germany is a very heterogenous country . 
  a nice bavarian beer , freshly poured into a glass at the brewery will cost you just 2 $ for half a liter , whereas the same ( older ) beer can cost you 5 $ per bottle an hour away in munich or berlin whereas in berlin you can get a local beer for 2 $ at a bar . 
  literally just `` nice try irs '', 
  try to ask at r/fragreddit , r/germany or even r/de . 
  but most likely ( as \\ _ what \\ _ the \\ _ fuck \\ _ said ) krautcop can help you out . 
  nono it 's the irish return service , they are looking for apple products which you then have to give them . 
  they return it to apple then , so that apple does n't have to pay taxes on the product . . 
  go ahead and teach me about where i 'm wrong . 
  i 'm not in the mood to discuss with somebody who is n't willing to accept views of others or see why something went how it went on a historical scale . 
  you obviously only see your country , many of you just see their country , but not the bigger issues there are or were . 
  if you do n't like what germany is doing , then go fucking do something against it . 
  but to sit at your computer and write down how this and how that wo n't help . 
  you 'll still be stirring the same shit in 5 years . 
  you know what i really do n't understand , a country like yours , who had a war not too long ago , ca n't acknowledge that these syrians need a shelter ? 
  are you that blind or ice cold ? 
  what the fuck is your problem ? 
  did i invite them or what ? 
  go tell merkel what you think of her policies but stop constructing something i did n't do . 
  germany took more than 1million refugees before the `` invitation '' those people came to europe since 2011 , go educate yourself before you use big words . 
  refugees in the eu mostly want to come to sweden or germany , it 's not like they want to stay at your place anyway . 
  the closed border refers to the eu border, 
  so what 's your point ? 
  na you still can buy a product names `` sour cream '' but it is n't the same . 
  also there probably are some special stores where you could get the original for a high price . 
  but in eastern europe you could get those on every corner sold by a babushka . 
  the milk and sour cream . 
  you ca n't find it here , impossible cause restricted . 
  oh god , im feeling with you . 
  if i had know , i would have had invited you over here earlier , to join our festivities . 
  ah btw , i 'm in the rhine-neckar region too , 
  the volcano ? 
  i do n't know if bohren is the right thing to do there ... 
  i corrected it , thanks, 
  ah , thanks alot of the clarification , to me call out for trolling was a bit nonchalant , but understandable . 
  i thought , as op posted the question to your sub before posting to ours , that op tried to get a conversation going and everyone just told him to `` get away '' . 
  i could n't read his actual replies , and thought he gave the same replies as on here . 
  but thanks for the clarification , in that case , i of course take back the `` biohazardous '' and apologize for it , 
  i do n't think that economic help would be meddling with other nations interests . 
  it sin their interest too , so more like a positive cooperation between two nations . 
  there are many sources about the agricultural issue . 
  i do n't know which language you are familiar with , so i 'm linking to a video in english : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qel_qx43ie, 
  afaik we do n't allow the entry anymore . 
  we pay turkey a couple of billions per month to hold them back . 
  the syrians merkel actually `` invited '' were already in europe , the call to come to germany was an emergency step which had to be taken , otherwise greece , hungary or the balkans would have had to deal with it . 
  and fucking no , this is not `` it 's our fault '' . 
  if you say so , it 's obvious to me how little knowledge of the most simple economic strategies you have . 
  so let me just explain : if we would have had invested there , and would have agreed on the terms of the mediterranean union , there would be little to no incentive to come to europe , because europe would have come to them . 
  including human rights , economic development and common values . 
  as we did n't pursue this goal , we now have to face the consequences . 
  the best unemployment policy is a good economic policy . 
  but you know , there actually are some thing we are guilty on : - we destroyed the agricultural sector in those county 's , leaving the poorest without an opportunity to earn something - we outsourced textiles to china , instead of using the already available industry in those countries, 
  i really am worried about how many people mix up these things . 
  we did n't invite the syrians , and tbh , most of them would have loved to stay in their safe country . 
  but war is a bitch , so we gave a tiny fraction of them a shelter . 
  we furthermore did n't invest into north africa . 
  the moroccan or a guy from algeria or tunis sure know how we live here , their culture is aligned more towards ours than to the saudi or persian . 
  we failed to leverage their potential in their homeland . 
  of course they eventually decide to come to us . 
  it 's not about `` change your mind '' . 
  it about changing the framework of multi national games we play with their countries . 
  even if you could change the mind of all the people here , the only other solution would be to deport them 1940 ' style . 
  but i 'm much more in favor of the first solution i wrote about . 
  woke up , had a coffee . 
  going to the office now . 
  need to buy a christmas tree . 
  will report on as soon as something happens . 
  - 7:50 am at the office now , pulled the calendar page from yesterday . 
  a new glorious schulz revels himself . 
  will report on asash . 
  - 8:20 printer is jamming , putting on some classic music from a former british colonie , too early to lit a joint , but bob does his thing good . 
  - 8:22 apparently we are all going to [ die ] ( http://www.sciencealert.com/the-supervolcano-that-caused-one-of-the-biggest-eruptions-in-history-has-started-to-stir ) - 8:51 all scheduled work is done , now i have to wait and shitpost till 17:00 o'clock , tis gon na be a hard day - 9:17 the neighboring office has a little christmas party setup . 
  gon na head over in stealth mode and `` grab 'em by the cookies '' - 9:35 mission accomplished , but had to agree to come with them to the christmas market later .
