  the red army did their deed , they lost and suffered the most , but without the western front , the nazis would have agreed on a peace treaty with the su . 
  maybe on the same borders that were defined in their treaty . 
  it 's not easy to give a short answer . 
  here are some reasons people dislike banks : - high interest rates - bad consulting , resulting in a loss of money - `` these pigs do n't give me a loan '' - missing restrictions between investment banking and daily peasants businesses , resulting in a situation where the peasants customers have to bail out the bank with their money , or even worse where the tax payer has to bail out the bank . 
  of course if the bank would have `` won '' with their gambling , they would have not shared the gains . 
  ( profits get privatized , losses get socialized ) - bank most always just own a fraction of the money they are gambling with . 
  if a bank needs 1 million $ it can call the ezb ( european central bank / but any other too ) , give them 100.000 $ as a security , and get 1 million in return ( for an interest rate which is the interest rate you always hear about . 
  at he moment it is in the eu at 0 % ) . 
  the bank then will lend that money to you for an interest rate of , say 4 % , if at all . 
  so the bank gets 100 % for a security of 10 % with an interest rate of 0 % , and then goes on to lend it to you . 
  like : 70 % for a security of 30 % for an interest rate of 4 % . 
  this way , they easily generate money , without risking much ( at least at the moment ) well there are many more things to consider , and some of these things are a necessity for a functioning economy . 
  but this is just a short overview why people do n't like banks . 
  i saw them yesterday reduced from 10 to 5 $ in a mediamarkt , the whole box was still full and i wanted to try one out . 
  but i did n't knew what to do with it . 
  does it just spin ? 
  or is there any deeper purpose like with the gyroball back then ? 
  german , french , english , russian and the universal `` i get what you are saying '' language when communicating with people from other languages . 
  basically it is throwing around with words you know , and hope that the other one does know some of them too . 
  _ everything is so close in europe . . _, 
  mostly products from countries with a big migrant population in the area . 
  turkish , russian , american ( some military bases ) , some mexican food stuff like black beans and other ingredients for tacos , and also some asian brands , but nothing special . 
  every migrant group also has a specialized supermarket in the area , where you can buy `` odd `` things from the country . 
  so the aisle in the generic supermarket is just for germans to get hooked on the most beloved foreign products . 
  european ( eu ) products , like sweets from france , italian prosciutto , spanish jambon , english breakfast beans , swiss cheese etc. 
  can be found throughout the whole market , right beside the german products . 
  i would like to say california , but that 's just not true regarding the weather . 
  so maybe somewhere in between kansas , illinois and wisconsin, 
  how about florida ? 
  not maaskantje ? 
  huh . 
  well , why not dig out sand from the sahara and flood it ? 
  would be more economic and better for the environment . 
  the push to send the kids to university can be seen here too . 
  but as you might know , there are almost no debts ( peanuts compared to the us ) to bear after university/college . 
  the negative effect if so many students : some good vocational jobs are understaffed and some people wasted their years in university when they should have taken an apprenticeship . 
  ca n't fix a title , but you can add an edit to the textbox . 
  no , not at all . 
  most of the new migrants but also some of the old , from manly muslim countries are either religious and therefor traditional , or prefer a glitter and glamour lifestyle where they basically consume the things they did n't had back home , dress like their idols , go dancing and trying to fit in . 
  only a few , mostly those who also have been on the internet/reddit before the crisis started and mostly with university degree are interested in theories of the left . 
  they often just fit into the students society at universities where most of `` our left '' like to sit in the sun , theorize about marx and enjoy themselves . 
  but to get back on point : the real anti-american radicals can be found among the _ very _ religious ones who read out the quran in a _ very _ archaic way . 
  edit : and these are far far away from the ideas of the left, 
  i heard switzerland has a lot of underground bunkers . . 
  exactly this is the case . 
  the basf opened first in mannheim , but just a few years later they had to resettle . 
  so they choose the area across the rhine river which has n't had much there at the time . 
  the basf grew and while at first most workers lived in mannheim , they realized that they needed more houses than mannheim could offer , so the basf began to build houses around the plant and so founded the city of ludwigshafen . 
  today the city is inhabited by mostly low income milieus , as most of the people who can afford it move either to mannheim or one of the beautiful villages to the west of ludwigshafen . 
  some years ago the city started to renovate itself , and now there are some really nice apartments with a yacht club to the south of the city center . 
  but it will take some time to refurbish the reputation . 
  if ruhr would be one city for itself , then yes , it would be the ugliest . 
  but you are lucky as the ugliness sprawls through every city for a bit . 
  we here in the southwest managed to concentrate the ugliness in one city, 
  most beautiful : not easy , maybe heidelberg , rothenburg , weimar , konstanz , passau etc. 
  ugliest : pretty easy , ludwigshafen, 
  not really . 
  there have been many good dictators . 
  it 's just that you might have only heard of the bad ones because they got something to be famous for . 
  edit : from ops comment history, 
  it was a common fashion accessory in the 1950s and 60s but has been popular well into the 1980s within certain social milieus . 
  i believe in miracles , do n't youuuu ? 
  til thank you, 
  lion in the south and south-west ( edit : also in the north ) horse in the west and north west bear for berlin eagle for most others, 
  german political sphere in a nutshell, 
  i guess most east german mothers and wife 's do n't like em for the stuff they sell sometimes . . 
  that gini coefficient is n't really a good starting point , as we always have to consider that the inequality between west and east had to be reduced by law . 
  meaning , we ca n't say if the reforms lead to more inequality , as we spend a lot of money barreling other inequalities . 
  so the coefficient might just show us that the west invested in the east , without calculation the separate effects of the reforms . 
  if you would ask anyone in the lower 20 % ( income between 450 $ -1300 $ a month ) most would say the inequality rose , because their wages did n't , whereas the wages of people earning much more have been adjusted . 
  if you ask someone from the top , he would probably say that the reforms were good , because now much more people can work . 
  tl ; dr : the coefficient does n't tell us why the inequality did n't rise , while most people would argue that there has been a spike in inequality, 
  the system we and the uk adopted are very similar . 
  france wanted to adopt this system too back then , but did n't . 
  while the economy grew , the social standards fell a little bit . 
  i never been in the situation to get the social welfare money ( hartz4 ) so i ca n't tell you about this . 
  from an entrepreneurs perspective : the system granted us new freedoms to employ people . 
  it improved the ability to open a business and helped to reduce burocracy . 
  it was a good move , as germany had to reform itself back then and these reforms lead to new ideas and a spirit of `` w\u00f6rk better '' arose . 
  but , we failed to improve the system for quiet some years now . 
  leaving mistakes in it , which lead to other mistakes and a stall in the reform process . 
  but all in all : i 'm happy about those changes . 
  maybe only because i managed to get myself a position at the top of it . 
  hitlers guys had the wolf as their mascot , it get confused a lot of times . 
  happy cakeday, 
   as the crow flies that 's a nice saying , we just have `` luftlinie '' which means `` line through the air '', 
  hm , looking at cows is n't interesting anymore for him , i guess :d, 
  probably . 
  but we always wait till they are no longer in politics until we praise them . 
  later on we wait until they die to praise them again . 
  my hometown ( near kohls birthplace ) has a bronze statue of him since 2006 and a dedicated place to put it up , in case he dies . 
  the place will then be renamed `` kohl alley '' and the statue placed there . 
  i know , but somewhere the cut had to be made ( edit : op asks for modern day ) . 
  i choose the beginning of the 80s , so brandt and dutschke would fall away . 
  but , if i had chosen one of them , there would still be ulbricbht and honecker to mention along with brandt , and i guess then i could write a huge colloquium about all politicians etc. 
  so i 'm sorry to not have mentioned them , but you can still give us some information about both , 
  for 3 months, 
  well , well . 
  obviously leaving some out . 
  i 'd say the most right wing politician in west germany 's recent history has to be franz josef strauss .
