  since 1990 there is the former `` socialistic '' party of the gdr in the political landscape . 
  they had to rebrand themselves multiple times . 
  from sed to pds who then merged with a fraction of the social democratic party , who called themselves wasg to form the now present in parliament party die.linke ( the left ) . 
  it was n't possible to brand themselves as social democrats like the former communist parties did in other east block countries , because there already was a social democratic party . 
  but there were quiet a few voices calling for a ban of the psd because of their past , also the interior secret service survailled almost all popular members of the party for at least a decade . 
  could you tell the joke please ? 
  i never heard about it , and i like jokes , 
  cheapest : london/stansted to frankfurt/hahn by plane ( ryanair ) from hahn you can board busses to major ( and smaller cities ) and from them you can find your connection to malberg, 
  there is a huge difference in the theory 's goals . 
  practically , what we 've seen till now by the ones who claimed to be communists , was nothing but a failed socialism . 
  and even then it was more like a failed capitalism declared to be called communism . 
  i personally am from ukraine and immigrated to germany . 
  am still waiting for reparations too from both sides . 
  but to get back to the point : ww2 is long gone , the soviet system fucked the east , and we , as in we who are born since 1970 , have the responsibility to strengthen europe so that never shall there be a crime such as there was back then . 
  we build europe on a common core of values , those values are the reason the germans took in the refugees . 
  and those same values are to be protected from nationalists who just want to take , but never give . 
  your counties are members for twelve years now , but it seems as some politicians only want to enjoy the good side , but do n't take any responsibly during hard times . 
  edit : which is sad . 
  well ok . then give us back our billions and brace yourself for a rapid decline of life standard ... do n't you see ? 
  for us , you were immigrants too . 
  we gave your country all it needed to modernize , and what 's the rerun ? 
  a collective fuck you ? 
  that 's not very nice . . 
  i 'm putting together a list , but for the beginning i 'd say : [ die absoluten beginner - f\u00fcchse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq7lgp5hniu ) [ dendemann from eins zwo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=holjmgjid4k ) - mostly live tapes from the 90s [ texta - walkmania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbhnpmkkdme ) freundeskreis - leg dein ohr auf die schiene der geschichte ( try to get the live version ) [ k\u00e4ptn peng - sie m\u00f6gen sich ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apcal7ihvy0 ) [ k\u00e4ptn peng - sockosophie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwcn8e3i04k ) others with links will follow also , i do n't listen to the modern rappers too much , nur schaufel & spaten , huss & hoden or the funkverteidiger crew are nice, 
  i also thought it was a bit snappy , but then i looked at your res score and got you at -18 so i did n't upvote , but i did n't downvote you too . 
  just wanted to tell, 
  you know , there is a saying : `` you never appreciate what you have , until it 's gone '' think about it . 
  french guyana , the ultimate western europe, 
  romania , cheap , lovely and nice wether . 
  bulgaria . 
  the same spain , not cheap , lovely and nice wether . 
  portugal . 
  the same french riviera : i hope you have a couple of millions , northern italy and islands : the same greece : semi cheap , really good wether cyprus : the same, 
  i 'm from palatine and i know what schinken is , and i think it 's horrible that you slaughter my fellow palatinians for this . 
  palatine life matters !, 
  yea . 
  i know . 
  't was more like a shitposts to correct op ... 
  but i guess this one flew over the net : /, 
  if you ask a polish citizen , he would heavily argue to be a part of we too , there is no real definition . 
  i saw you mentioned britain not being in western europe before , but technically and political and historically , they are . 
  as an immigrant myself : speak the language , learn the dialect , know the local memes and you are good to go . 
  someone from north germany is as foreign as any other ( white ) person in bavaria . 
  according to appearance , your skin color will get you mixed up with foreigners . 
  if you have a dark tone , you might get talked to in english instead of german , if arabic , people assume you are arabic and maybe wo n't talk to you at all . 
  but as soon as they realize that you can talk the language , most barriers are vanished, 
  english is derived from german . . 
  yea but orbans government did their best to earn the criticism, 
  well of course there has to be a skeleton in which those cultures can express theirselves . 
  it is important to notice that the cultures have to obey our constitution . 
  best example would be the closing of a turkish culture center , because they were financed from doubious sources and called for a following of erdogan , rather than following of the german constitution . 
  we closed it , but left room to evolve out of the forbidden habits . 
  but i think , ultimately we misunderstood each other . 
  while your definition is like an absolute multiculturality , mine is more about an open for all society , in which the rules of the host country has to be obeyed . 
  if you 'd hop on your bicycle , and drive approx . 
  300 km to the east , you can see a good definition of multiculturalism . 
  i personally , went to a kurdish deli with a turkish , a russian , a spaniard and an italian yesterday . 
  we talked german and english , the d\u00f6nermann took the order in turkish language . 
  later that evening , i visited friend from cameroon who said they 'd like to see some snow . 
  i could n't provide any , so we went to a christmas fair , where one of the cameroonians bough himselfe an chilenian wool cap , from a paraguayan salesman, 
  some german rappers would stomp 90 % of american rappers if they could translate their german verses perfectly to american . 
  thinking about beginner or k\u00e4ptn peng other than that , there a quiet a few who made it , some even exclusively in the international market . 
  edit : __ of course a biggedi diggedi shoutout to dende , the best of em all __, 
  yes , that 's kinda normal on reddit . 
  ask for the color of a strawberry and become a black melon farmer ... edit : also , this is n't a legaladvice sub . 
  ops question is rather specific, 
  i said it is enough if one state has them . 
  company 's will open offices in that state to trade with britain on a better deal . 
  this is possible due to the free trade agreement between the member states . 
  brexit refers to the revoking of specific norms and terms which were agreed in many multinational treaty 's over the last couple decades . 
  but those norms do n't necessarily include the rolling back of binational contracts , which are solely an agreement between the two sovereign states of say britannia and germany . 
  the eu does not have the power to forbid those deals directly . 
  of course it could blackmail that country with withholding some funds . 
  and force it to give up that bilateral treaty . 
  but that would not be very diplomatic in the first place . 
  i 'm not talking solely about ireland , but about __ any __ member state, 
  more like 1920 and even if it 's just one member state which had such bilateral agreements with england or some part of the uk , then every eu company could use that one loophole . . 
  most agreements on that matter predate the eu ? 
  hell , they even predate most of the current member states founding date . 
  absolutely , there are idiots and maniacs everywhere all the time . 
  a guy strapped a rope around a woman 's head an drove some blocks with her beeing dragged along . 
  another guy , or better , his family recently injured 10 policemen because one gave him a ticket and he did n't liked it . 
  also terrorism is too broad to be defined . 
  someone taking away stones from the railway bed is also considered a terrorist here, 
  popular but not for political debates , more for comedy or serials where people can discuss the things right away when they are shown . 
  if some politician would actually use them to describe his/her ~ ~ work ~ ~ policies , most people would feel dumbfounded . 
  it 's seen as an emotional based thing , rather than a tool for discussing things ( chat rooms are often used for that case ), 
  any plans on importing something ? 
  soon, 
  thats a pic of the northern half where the plant is . 
  the south is a bit better , but still not worth visiting . 
  mannheim , heidelberg or any village at the weinstra\u00dfe are very nice and considered one of the most beautiful parts in germany . 
  i guess every beauty needs its ugliness , which is ludwigshafen in that case, 
  they are squeezing you out of every penny here . 
  just had to return an audi on a contract lease , and they wanted to bill me for an 1 millimeter big scratch on the front bumper ( small stones do n't exist !!, 
  ) , further for some dirt on the floor mat . 
  dirt like , i just drove it here . 
  but the best was their attempt to get me to pay for a replacement steering wheel , because the old one had `` signs of usage '' . 
  no shit sherlock , how was i supposed to drive the car without touching the steering wheel . . 
  but it mostly depends on your local mechanic .
