  a lot of our pensioners retire there . 
  but german alt-rights seem to love your country too . 
  but they are delusional . 
  i saw a documentary about a young couple who desperately wanted to move to hungary . 
  they even got a loan from a bank to buy a 14.000 $ house . 
  asked how they intend to survive without a job , the guy tells the reporters that he probably will open a service company which cares for homes and gardens ... 
  totally not factoring in that there are already plenty of these company 's offering their services for lower costs than he will ever be able to beat . 
  [ link in german ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qc09v4uykjs ), 
  some bird names translated literally for fun : taube = deafy nachtigall = nighty bile zaunk\u00f6nig = king of the fence drossel = throttle wellensittich = wave parakeet, 
  the list is a tiny bit skewed . . 
  the afd is our populist party , they cater to the far right and to the `` worried citizens '' . 
  the csu ( `` bavarian cdu '' , but still an own party ) is very populist as well , though they do n't spit too xenophobic things out . 
  one could say , the afd is like your drunken populist neighbor who dislikes anything new . 
  while the csu is like your drunken populist uncle who dislikes much new things . 
  one is a family member , so we all kinda accept his will and do n't want talk with him about certain issues . 
  pretty popular , but in a brand loyalty decline . 
  got ta give them credit that their food is rather healthy compared to other fast foods like : leberk\u00e4s , d\u00f6ner or currywurst . 
  it 's situated somewhere between fast food and casual ( workmans ) restaurant . 
  edit : d\u00f6ner clearly depends on where and which . 
  too many to generalize, 
  it 's right beside , but defies itself as its own entity . 
  both regions cooperate and the state of baden wuerttemberg consists of the stuttgart region ( swabia ) and the rhine vally ( baden ) . 
  regarded on a map , one could easily think that they are a part of the valley , but the black forest divides both parts . 
  i 'd frankly say the rhine area from frankfurt to the swiss border . 
  it has a huge economy , is very liberal , densely populated , situated in the south west , best weather and wine . 
  and as a bonus : situated over a seismic fault . 
  yes i am from the area , so it might be a bit biased . 
  but factors why other regions are n't california : berlin is heavily subsidized and would n't survive on its own . 
  bavaria is as you said very conservative ruhr area is the place to be , in 20 years . 
  their transformation will benefit all in the future . 
  sorry to say , but he passed away two years ago, 
  correct . 
  they expect it to be funny , and these comedians know where to pick them up . 
  concerning football we make fun of : - the dutch because they barley qualify for tournaments . 
  - the english , because of their smugness about their league , and their then disproportionate performance in tournaments - bra7 :1 obviously - belgium , for being held together as a country only because of their excellent football squad non football related : - just the usual banter for europe - usa because of their smugness about the superiority of their football , while at the same time calling real football `` soccer '', 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laujzgmuei4 ) joke aside . 
  is our man for the syrian war . 
  he knows a lot about it , can tell where which troops are , gains and losses etc. 
  i do n't know him very good , but i assume he is originally from the area . 
  this time thou , he asked us for help . 
  some of his friends ( assuming refugees ) wanted to go to a schwimmbad ( swimming hall ) and notsure has been chosen as the `` leader '' of them , because he has been already one time there . 
  but he did n't feel like he knew every step needed , so he asked in a very cute way about every detail . 
  like : `` do i have to shower before or after i was in the water . 
  or both time ? '', 
  `` where can i store my towel ? '', 
  `` is it okay when i 'm not shaved everywhere ? 
  i mean i do shave myself , that 's for sure , but i do n't feel like i want to shave . . eh . . down there ( i hope you get what i mean lol ) . 
  so do i have to ? '', 
  `` how is it with the entrance , do i pay before or after ? '', 
  `` is it better to dress in the bath suite before or can i change my dress inside ? '', 
  it was all in all very cute , and the community helped . 
  a bit later there was a meta post about it with `` trump asking for help , because he goes to the white house '' which was almost word for word similar and hilarious . 
  do n't go to bonn , it 's in a decline since half the federal body moved to berlin . 
  also someone suggested the ruhrarea , in my opinion , it 's not really touristy and the charm stems from the old pathos miners had . 
  so it 's interesting , but rather for special interest . 
  cologne , d\u00fcsseldorf , brugge are nice cities . 
  maastricht is nice too for a day . 
  germans have no humor , while all here can refute it , the typical 40-50 year old german really has no understanding for unexpected fun or humor . 
  if you prepare them carefully and tell them there is going to be something funny , they will understand and laugh . 
  or at least laugh out of politeness . 
  maybe , but then again , where else can i get dope this cheap ;p, 
  strasbourg , tout le temps but also in nice and even in antibes . 
  maybe they see that we are foreigners and think we wo n't snitch them to your very present police . 
  story time : i have been detained one time by three guys who asked me if i could sell them any weed in the streets of strasbourg i did n't understood their dialects so i just shrugged with the shoulders , within seconds 2 guys threw me on the hood of the car and petted me . 
  very different experience compared to germany . 
  they immediately let me go when they found my german id . 
  i can only imagine how they treat a french ( migrant ) dealer . 
  edit : this was in 2007, 
  yet every time i 'm in france , i ca n't walk the dog without getting asked to buy some dope . 
  leading me to the thought that , if it gets legalized the young folks gon na loose their income . 
  - excuse moi monsieur , i wanted to research something for a question - non , pas de google , justement reddit for you, 
  germany : other migrant groups have been : - inhabitants of former german territory in east europe immediately after ww2 ( these territories have been german pre war too ) - turks and greeks when the `` wirrachaftswunder '' was going - ( east only ) refugees from the vietnam war - russian germans ( me ) who were allowed to relocate from the soviet union to territory 's in germany where their ancestors came from who settled in russia in 18th century ( basically still german as only a few married outside of the big german community ) ( pre 1990 ) - people migrating from the former gdr to the frg due to a lack of opportunity there ( post 1990 ) and people from soviet states who could prove some kind of ancestor from germany - refugees from the yugoslavian wars . 
  - since 2004 a huge batch of other europeans from eastern europe . 
  immigration is n't frowned upon by now . 
  the voices you hear from the afd are relatively calm compared to the opinions major political figures from cdu and spd held 30-40 years ago . 
  most people do n't worry too much about terroristic attacks , but more often about the ability of the new refugees and migrants to adapt to our values and `` work ethics '' . 
  but i think this reaction is pretty normal for every society . 
  almost forgot him , good catch, 
  na , just recently . 
  and not that big of a meme as chuck has been . 
  edit : i really ca n't recall anyone else with the same heroic status as chuck . 
  maybe bud spencer . 
  but no one from germany . 
  concurred , every brand is represented , as long as it 's a smartphone . 
  yes , but it was related to the tit for tat sanctioning between nato and russia . 
  which has been described often as a de facto `` cold war '' . 
  of course the dimensions were acknowledged to be much smaller . 
  referring to the us election , and meddled with the previous sanctions , some commentators argued that a clinton victory might lead to more sanctions . 
  but that 's about it . 
  get a car with the wheel on the left side . 
  / jk avoid the `` rastst\u00e4tten '' in germany . 
  these gas-stations are positioned right along the autobahn and have absurd prices and useless vouchers for the toilets . 
  better stop at a `` autohof '' or drive inside a city to fill up your gas . 
  there are some locations here . 
  but very very rare . 
  with a bit luck you could get cash from an atm . 
  but i would not rely on that . 
  looks thou as discover is in the pulse network along with visa . 
  best if you ask their hotline about their cooperation . 
  correct , you too ?
