  btw : confront those politicians with you wish for popular vote on issues . 
  they will deny your wish and stick to the old paradigms , which they used to leave the eu for . 
  it 's very healthy , but do n't drink too much of it , as it can also damage you, 
  you can vote for the european parliament , but it has not the influence a national parliament has . 
  basically said , most of the laws and law proposals come from the european comission , in which the heads of the national governments gather . 
  those on the other hand get their law proposals either from a lobby or the european round table ( also lobby but with more weight ) . 
  the parliament most of the times just votes to either accept or deny a proposal which has been given to them . 
  ( edit : if they deny it , it can still get passed if other institutions are in favor of it ) . 
  a parliamentarian could also issue a law , but it 's way more complicated than doing it in a national parliament . 
  and please , never forget : the eu is still rather an economic union , than a political union . 
  it has been founded as one , and it expanded as one . 
  every decision is economy first , people second . 
  and this is not a political colored opinion . 
  this is what 's in their `` constitution '', 
  we marched against the invasion in iraq , that 's why freedom fries ai n't called french fries anymore, 
  we also have the party die partei who 's goal is the reconstruction of the berlin wall and to separate the west from the east again !, 
  terror acts against muslims and a dramatic spike in far-right violence in some parts of eastern germany . 
  the mp3 format - invented by an institute of the frauenhofer gesellschaft, 
  assuming i wo n't have to worry about income : anywhere south of the alps for sure . 
  strange , i must have met all of those 4 % then, 
  yea but not really critically ill obese . 
  of course they are n't sporty but neither are they obese like in america, 
  there are some `` obese '' people here ( atleast we call them so ) , a texan would call them `` healthy '' or a bit overweight . 
  but overall not a common occurrence . 
   edit : if you wan na escape that bias you talked about also from a more general view like not hearing politicians talk about it anymore , then do n't come to europe . 
  stopping muslim immigration is the # 1 topic of many political parties all over the continent . 
  oh ok , well , we 'll focus on stopping the reasons for migration then ... 
  depends . . sure it is n't as dramatized as in america because we always had to have contact with muslims / arabs ( for trade and man power ) , but you will get to places where you are n't looked well upon . 
  but that 's likely the same everywhere on the world in rural areas as a stranger . 
  germany , france , spain etc. 
  have a more or less big community of muslims since at least 50 years . 
  so if you move to one of those countries , you will find many integrated arabs / muslims . 
  which is kinda nice but not really , as you have to adapt to their culture to live your faith . 
  for some , this intercultural clash ( although same religion ) is unbearable ( the guy who shot people in munich earlier this year ) . 
  but if you like to meet people without regarding religion , skin color , social status etc. 
  people wo n't judge you on your religion as well . 
  * sorry no coffee yet, 
  do n't we already do this ? 
  it would be just fair for us americans to follow the international flavor, 
  do you drink vodka , like all russians do ? 
  encouraging people to take their new ideas serious and go for it . 
  like elon musk or others . 
  if they fail it isnt really their end . 
  while here , failure would break your neck, 
  i think this sub can handle one america america question per day , at least he is n't asking in r / european, 
  well but sydney is a center oft australis . 
  mind you we talk about a social construct , not an actual country, 
  the geographical , maybe . 
  but surely not the sociocultural center, 
  the question is quiet subjective , but i showed facts . 
  the economy and density in these regions is by far outstanding . 
  while geographically , the center might be in southern poland , the sociocultural center isnt, 
  i didnt put the center around me , im not that self centered . 
  but i put it around the most densly inhabitate area of europe , which coincedentially is the most powerful region on the economy scale . 
  and furthermore is the birthplace of a united europe . 
  students from those countries were the first to protest for open borders in the 50s, 
  yea did n't knew how to handle it , as a german , i ca n't just say germany alone is the center of europe . 
  so i put some more countries in . 
  lets take a circle . 
  put the central countries in the center : germany , swiss , benelux danmark , austria and maybe czechs . 
  then you can go along this circle and put all the other countries on it respectively their position . 
  then there is west , south , northwest , southwest , nord , nord east , east and southeast . 
  i reread my comment , and have to refer to the passage which describes the prevalence of hate/disrespect against woman in certain social milieus . 
  do n't know what drugs you do , but violence is n't exclusive for migrants ... ah forgot , talking about consequences , which consequences did the worlds superpowers taken since the last mass murdering in history ? 
  none . 
  well we have about 36 different school systems, 
  our central bank of course holds a certain amount of u.s. currency as a reserve . 
  but that 's about it . 
  i 'd say there is no possibility to pin point one country for each . 
  but there are certain traits in humans personalities which spread throu certain social scenes/milieus across the world , which benefit the disrespect for genders, 
  there is an idiom in german : `` stille wasser sind tief '' `` still waters run deep '' i think it describes finns pretty well , 
  you know , that picture was staged . 
  to fit on the picture , they had to tell them to get closer together, 
  love it berry , everybody rides along the infamous oil nation, 
  depressed pale heartless sunstarved alcoholic who lives in a wooden hut far away from civilization . 
  the one thing we ca n't figure out is : how did you build such good mobile phones when you are a depressed pale heartless sunstarved alcoholic who lives in a wooden hut far away from civilization . 
  well that 's my stereotype on finns , mind you my ex was from finland , so it might be a bit biased, 
  judging from vacations elsewhere in europe : you will be covered in flags , fridge magnets , gnocchi watches and pravda handbags . . do n't worry you 'll find one . 
  i do n't think anyone has the will to start a new holocaust here . 
  most of the reports are dramatized , because the crimes some of those asylum seekers commit are very minor , like shoplifting or wrong statements to councils . 
  speaking for germany : germany was always in a transformation process in the last 100 years . 
  1918 : world war one lost , territory lost in the east -  new migrants to the west . 
  1945 : wwii lost , territory lost in east and west ; 1950 : remaining territory split up ; lot of migration to the west . 
  1960-1989 : immigration from europe/asia into west and east . 
  1989 : berlin wall torn down , huge dynamics lot of migration 1990s : lots of economic and asylum migration . 
  now : migration from war torn and economic back creek countries . 
  they will mix in , and one thing is for sure : if they want to live here , they have to assimilate the same way , every other migrant had to, 
  went as a kid to my birthplace in ukraine in ' 96 . 
  it was ... weirdly wild, 
  i am gelukkig someone said it, 
  have an upvote , they misunderstood you, 
  i am an russian german by definition , but see myself as a european . 
  i grew up in germany in the 90s and had turks , russians , yugoslavs and many other nationalities in class ( and a lot of germans of course ) . 
  turks were mostly well integrated . 
  most were born here and formed the second and third generation . 
  so there were only a few issues . 
  russians settled to germany pre 1990 and post 1990 . 
  you have to distinguish both groups . 
  pre 1990 : mostly german `` by blood '' , came from german communities in kasachztan and could speak the language still pretty well ( although a bit outdated vocabulary ) . 
  those were n't the problematic ones , as they worked hard and were grateful to live in the country of their ancestors .
