  still have n't found your wife ? 
  not even oversees ? 
  well maybe you are n't that attractive then . . 
  add in that we have 2 permanent seats with veto rights at the security council, 
  because they are arabs ? 
  for short i 'd say there is : the east with the former gdr , south-south-east with bavaria and swabia , southwest with everything along the rhine and west of it till frankfurt , the west with the biggest `` metropolitan '' area the ruhrpott the north , with everything below an elevation of 150m and access to the sea . 
  the center , with , well everything not included in one of the other regions . 
  as u / thewinsinthewillows pointed out , those borders are not very precise as one might see his region belonging to another and vice versa, 
  well , id like to add two incidents to the 5 for my region : 1 ) three days ago one guy bet up his girlfriend so massiv , she is in a coma now 2 ) seven days ago one guy started to shoot with a gas pistol into a crowd oh , wait , those two were actual germans . 
  never mind then . 
  tl ; dr it 's not really accurate and bases some crimes on chitchat and rumors . 
  also it 's not really helpful if they do n't include the crimes others commit, 
  :d you both made my day . 
  i really am thankful to you for pointing out the hassle your country has to go through . 
  maybe try to explain your points the next time , and people wo n't see you as a troll . 
  cheers and be peaceful to one another, 
  pro tip : the salo must be nearly frozen , and ( my opinion ) in thin slices, 
  salo with a nice bread and fresh onions , best snack for a round of vodka with friends, 
  i know  just had time and was a bit curious why he is so angry . 
  well at least now i know why he hates the eu so much, 
  ah i see , could n't find anything in wikipedia about it , and as i ca n't read slovenian i found [ this ] ( http://www.vlada.si/en/media_room/government_press_releases/press_release/article/5th_government_session_proposal_to_add_golden_fiscal_rule_to_the_constitution_22044/ ) as a good source . 
  well now i see why you are angry about it . 
  first you were lured into the eu and then they took away your ability to invest in new emerging sectors , without taking away money from other ones . 
  i always thought that this would only be the case for greece , and that other countries have been given the warning that this could also be implemented . 
  well , today i learned , thanks, 
  do you mean the spanish deal , the nato deal , the change of the voting systems or the transfer of inner state competence from state to municipal ? 
  which btw all were decided before merkel came into power , but that 's not the point here . 
  as i did n't follow the slovenian economy during the years , what would you say is an example of the german dictate ? 
  honest question , but do you think that your countries would be better off without the eu ? 
  if so , why ? 
  atm i 'm on mobile , but afair only 40 % of the kfz steuer is used for actual road maintenance . 
  the other 60 % for other federal things . 
  ok a biased source ( adac ) has it that 53 b $ is the income from the steuer , and 19 b $ get invested in new roads and maintenance https://www.adac.de/infotestrat/adac-im-einsatz/motorwelt/strassenbau.aspx most interesting part is , that the lkw maut ( toll for lorries ) is only about 4.5 b $ edit2 : i misread your question , sorry . 
  well it 's obvious . 
  if someone wants to cross our country , he atleast has to fill up his gasoline once . 
  that alone brings in more in taxes than the toll would . 
  japan has like 6 company 's in the business , most of them connected through old ties and some of them even build the trains they use them self . 
  the uk has like 20 or 30 company 's in that sector , most of them do n't even own a single train , but ( wet ) lease it from elsewhere . 
  also the schedules are not really connected , as most company 's there do n't care for the connivence , but for the revenue . 
  i think so , there was a horrible crash at a flight show in '88 leaving 70 people dead . 
  but i also heard about them that they would have wanted to change the name when they got successful , but management and success prevented them from it . 
  also they are written with 2 m 's while the base is written with only one . 
  i 'm pretty sure we had such a discussion a week ago on r/de yet no one could prove that this also applies to rammstein . 
  many bases are leased , but rammstein seems to be a bit different . 
  also , i thought you knew i was n't that serious , 
  i do n't disagree with you , just wanted to say that technically the u.s. has some territory here, 
  technically the u.s. 
  holds some parts in europe . 
  mostly little bases where us jurisdiction is applied . 
  rammstein as an example . 
  no german is allowed to enter it , except if they have the correct papers . 
  u.s. citizens on the other hand are free to go there . 
  but i know what you mean, 
  ah cool , nice region there . 
  i actually lived in niederbayern , so your region is excused of it, 
  well then , i bet you ca n't bring wacken to wackersdrof , 
  ever thought that it might have been because you were born there ? 
  i came there to study , so i was a stranger for them anyway , then the atheist thing and bang ; no more gr\u00fc\u00df gott , no fine bread anymore for me and no one ever tried to speak without a dialect . 
  the only nice guy was the butcher , but just because he moved there too . 
  it was a small village and i did n't attend the christmas mass , the next day neighbors came and asked why . 
  i told them , and from then on its was a terrible experience living there . 
  but nice to see how you assume that everyone is nice while calling my experience bullshit, 
  well atleast i had felt it that way when i lived there, 
  it would be fair , true . 
  the minister did some great math to justify the toll . 
  they want to sell 5 category 's of `` allowance '' . 
  the cheapest one for 2,50 $ . 
  but the burocracy would cost about 3,50 $ per sold unit . 
  further they want to exempt new cars and those with electric assistance . 
  leaving the cost of the whole project to be carried by those who ca n't afford to buy such vehicles . 
  the best part thou : they had to do a statistic , how many foreign cars travel through germany . 
  so they starter counting those which drive into germany , but , as they could n't tag them , they also counted the ones driving out of germany . 
  it appears that they never even thought about the fact that everyone who drives into the country eventually has to drive out again at some point . 
  so they counted every car twice . 
  with this doubled number the system looks like it could generate a win , whereas in reality it would not . 
  the minister is btw from the bavarian csu , they have a tradition with shitty ideas which mostly only benefit bavarians . 
  ah ok , yea , it 's not like we germans are in favor of it , because we would have to pay then too . 
  i also think that 's it 's better without a toll . 
  germany profits from all the transit more than it pays for road maintenance . 
  the title op used is a bit misleading , it would be a toll system too which they want to establish . 
  afaik , i once had to pay a toll for using a road . . 
  but i do n't remember if it really was in the netherlands . 
  should have been the a2 then, 
  those were the times . . today , i try to combat it by joining any discussion possible , and demaskate their arguments . 
  it 's hard , and nearly impossible . 
  but in the end i know that i 've tried it . 
  but . . do n't you already have such a `` tax '' ? 
  well yea your last example is sort of the discrimination i meant . 
  some time ago i lived near passau , and had more than one discussion with my neighbors about my lack of religious interaction , some were outright hostile , cause i was n't bavarian and did n't attend service , not even on christmas , which triggered them to visit me and educate me about good behavior . 
  and i really do n't know any other state in germany , where there are more catholics who regularly attend the services , than bavaria . 
  ya i 'm not talking about the shitheads who were around all the time . 
  i 'm talking about the normal people that were as disgusted as we were by those attacks back then . 
  today 's `` nationalism '' is different , as it became socially acceptable , it became yet again a phenomena of the masses . 
  but you are quiet right that there was a latent nationalism all the time . 
  the carpathian mountains . 
  they are not as high as the alps , but the wilderness and the people are really artisan there, 
  this whole `` new patriotism '' thing . 
  it has gone from waving flags at football games to justify violence against foreigners in 10 years, 
  i thought that secularism is granted  also i dont know if we can really say that there is no statereligion , because christian institutions get heavily sponsored by our state . 
  while others have to fight for their money,
