  every state in germany has a different state religion . 
  but it does only affect which holidays you have . 
  the catholic states tend to have more holidays than the protestant ones , but not always . 
  basically said : east germany ( former gdr ) has n't had a religion during the communist era , many people there are just atheists , most states are protestant . 
  the northern and some western states tend to be protestant too , while the south and nrw ( partly ) in the west is almost purely catholic . 
  especially bavaria is a state with a strong religious identity . 
  if you identify yourself as an atheist and want to live there , you wo n't be very welcome in the rural areas . 
  the republic ( bund ) itself classifies as a religion free state , but emphasizes the christian identity and its values ( christlich abendl\u00e4ndische kultur ) . 
  merkels party is the cdu which translates to `` christian democratic party '' but , nowadays most germans do n't care which religion you have , as long as you keep it to yourself in private . 
  the notes are the same . 
  the coins are different . 
  but afaik every country issues new coin designs each year . 
  it was quiet handy during last weeks occupation / jk, 
  we will build a bridge , and then you gon na see, 
  you are right there , it is more relaxed . 
  but in some way , germans are still very keen on getting things done properly . 
  maybe without the pressure , but still with the will to do it . 
  but of course not all . 
  uh , austria and switzerland i guess . 
  but people from the north would claim similarities in danmark , sweden or the netherlands . 
  world wide , i 'd say that would be south korea and japan . 
  mostly according to the work ethics ( the company is your life ) and a similar population pyramid ( a lot of old folks , few young ), 
  we took a deep breath , and feelin fine now , very fine ... sooo veeerryyy . . _ yawn _ fiiin . . 
  own or lease ? 
  take the one from the world health organization ( who ), 
  true , i think some kids got hyped by the schulz train and do n't realize what impact some of today 's posts might have . 
  but i also think that this is a good example how fragile something 's might be . 
  or the other way round , how `` normal '' some see the franco german friendship . 
  poverty . 
  i 've been to eastern europe often in my younger years . 
  and i was shocked how poor they were . 
  then i went to india , holy shit . 
  beer is a religion . 
  it 's so mighty , it does n't fit in one thread , 
  telekom could be added , they are technically not an it company , but so have a lot of it staff and a presence all around the world . 
  checkout r/e _ 4 its mostly german at the moment , but following their ideas it would be nice to have other nations participate as well, 
  are n't they disguised as pizza ads in the good parts ? 
  i have n't seen any advertisement for strip clubs here , but a lot for escorts and more . 
  so you could say , we throw the 100 $ bill at them, 
  i would have wanted to . 
  i 'm fluent in russian , but i 'm somehow not willing to support putin because of his actions against my homeland ukraine . 
  not so much the military thing , but more of the whole social propaganda which the state media fed to the people . 
  you know , things like : ukrainians butcher russians to eat them , ukraine has no right to be on its own and so on . 
  also because i think that the wc will be used to propagate kremlins stance on the world events . . well , that 's my opinion on it . 
  ok , so . . you wear trousers ? 
  you take penicillin ? 
  you eat noodles ? 
  watch baseball ? 
  oh so what about your culture then ? 
  i was born in the soviet union . 
  my family fled stalin and hitler . 
  grew up in germany and studied in different european countries . 
  my native culture is the european and i see myself as a cosmopolitan citizen of the world . . 
  so you are telling me that hiphop is n't european ? 
  i agree . 
  it 's american . 
  but the concept of rhymes on a beat is way older and even predates modern europe . . 
  learn something about the world instead of confirming your biases, 
  go google dendemann and get jealous rap is n't an american thing . 
  in medieval times , there were plenty of dope rhymes . 
  also , what about bach , chopin , mozart etc ? 
  i think a classic suite and smoking is n't that american . 
  those shoes are really good , cause that town has a tradition of a couple of hundred years . 
  sure i do watch my porn on the sidewalk while drinking my beer . 
  but i 'm not pathetic enough to wank to it there . 
  i 'm assuming you would . . 
  but yea , go watch ya anime hentai and drown in the suppressive cultural cloud you have . . 
  i 'm watching my porn uncensored and drink my beer on the street . 
  i do n't hassle my ass off to be the best in my job , and wo n't kill myself if i get fired . 
  shoes are handmade in ukraine . 
  clothes come from a german manufacturer . 
  my food grows organic on european soil . 
  and the hamburger is more european than american . 
  if you like a serious answer , do n't assume things in your question ... 
  tbh , in my circle of people and friends we kinda all know that there was even more behind it . 
  more people involved , a bigger role of the federal agency 's and possibly much more murdering . 
  but we will never know . 
  and in my opinion , it was just the new generation of a system which stems from the nazi times . 
  there was gladio in the 50s , the oktoberfest hijack in the 80s and even more i ca n't remember now . 
  but as i said , there will be no way we are going to know it . 
  that said , we think she should be in prison for a long time . 
  but that would n't be the right justice , as the structure behind the nsu never was investigated ( or atleast not really , 4 people killed themselves in absurd ways before testifying etc ), 
  i do n't get your point ? 
  you say that the kclj can handle those cases and therefor is no need for a burn unit . 
  that 's fine , because the kclj is your burn unit . 
  now take into consideration that your county has a fraction of population compared to germany . 
  so while the one you have is enough , we do need more . . 
  15 patients with third degree burns wo n't survive without special equipment and a `` skin suit '' . 
  those hospitals are not that common . 
  the one here is the one near the worlds biggest ( and probably oldest ) chemical plant , the basf . 
  they take patients from a radius of up to 500km add : just curious , what were the industries you had ? 
  i know jc junker , but i do n't know if he is the regent of one f the smallest countries , or of the worlds biggest economy, 
  heavy industry accidents , just two months ago there was one here , leaving some dead and many injured :(, 
  you obviously never been to mannheim or cologne . 
  that said , you would n't even notice that the hot girl in the tight skirt is muslim either . . 
  \\ #justeuropeanthings, 
  do n't know if only germany but if you flee from the prison , you ca n't be held accountable for it in the court . 
  it 's been decided by the highest constitutional court that the human longing for freedom ca n't be punished , as it is what 's in our nature . 
  i know what you mean , we all are very interested in the outcome , because in the end the jurisdiction has to decide and we all wan na know if they follow their rulings on that case too , and grant them asylum . 
  politically , they would have been in turkey on the same day , but thank god our countries jurisdiction is n't governed by the head of state ,
