  i guarantee , you wo n't be attacked by any kind of mob . 
  but i can sure help you find other nice cities . 
  on the route . 
  i 'd advise something like : lyon-stra\u00dfbourg-freiburg / basel-lakeconstance-maybe neuschwanstein-munich-grindelwald-vierwaldst\u00e4ttersee-como-milano-firenze-sienna it 's not adviced to visit all in one trip ( except you got some time and money ) and i just wrote them down from my mind , as if i would plan it . 
  feel free to choose those you like . 
  and as i said , it 's not likely you get attacked in any of those cities at all . 
   p.s. 
  maybe someone from france and italy can add some scenic little villages too, 
  the city 's you 'll visit are far from dangerous . 
  most are idyllic places , like grindelwald or freiburg . 
  you might have to watch out a little bit in lyon , but just for normal tourist traps . 
  and by the way : most reports are not really true . 
  of course it happens that someone misbehaves . 
  but it is definitely the minority , most immigrants do hate those guys too . 
  have fun, 
  you have been banned from entering poland, 
  what is `` a brake '' can you eat it ? 
   `` milzschnitte '' i know what my kids will get the next time instead of milchschnitte, 
  no problem , but be careful with your equipment . 
  do n't bring it all to the first scene  i know some of my countrymen ... have fun and enjoy working, 
  exactly the same over here, 
  sadly i do n't know anybody there either , i have been told that there is a museeum in zhytomir about 150km west of kiev , but that 's it . 
  you could try your luck in the ukrainian subreddit , i once read a thread there , where someone asked for a fixer too and got help . 
  either way : i wish you a nice journey, 
  listen , i dont judge albanians on them , just told you that most people do . 
  why ? 
  well ask your countrymen in germany why they dont waive their flag proudly . 
  the answer will be the same , ey dont want to get mixed up with the moronic attitude those `` gangsters '' have . 
  so they just tell you that they are from anywhere else . 
  best way to actually finish xour documentary is to hire a local fixer . 
  there are millions oft people who were affacted , but only few who where at the scene . 
  like with 9/11 , every new yorker was there , but obky a few were in there, 
  no but those albanians he mentions have been here . 
  the country is in no way like the muskle packed dodgy albanians . 
  but they are the only ambassadors we see from albania, 
  [ voil\u00e0 ] ( https://uwspace.uwaterloo.ca/handle/10012/10794 ), 
  snow is likely in bavaria and baden wuerttemberg , also thuringia and saxony ( but depends where exactly ), 
  there is also a scientific study about the language abnormalities in r/kreiswichs, 
  to clarify a bit : historically the first world = capitalistic systems second world = communist systems third world = neither/nor , so neutral systems and to make it simple it was called west vs. east today , the old concept of west and east is n't uptodate . 
  so while the question is rather simple to answer from a 1990s viewpoint , it 's way more complex from today 's viewpoint also today we changed what we call first second and third world . 
  well yea . 
  that was his plan , of course disguised as a powerful union for peace and happiness, 
  he wanted to form a block with power , to negotiate better deals and to direct the communication between those two unions rather throu one instance than every country individually like it is now . 
  while the organisation itself became very stable with ukrains refusal , i doubt that putin would have wanted to form the eeu without ukraine . 
  the other members are pretty much his backyard and he cant profit more from them than he already does . 
  the concept behind the eeu was to improve relations with the eu throu ukraine , and try to mobilize people in the eastern european states to advocate for a second ( eastern ) european union , like rome was divided back then in west and east . 
  if this plans would have become reality , and every thin would have went down peacefully and with respect to the people and the sovereignity of ther countries , i guess the eu would have agreed on this , and would form a never seen market with the eeu . 
  from wladiwostok to faro , stretching over half of eurasia . 
  but back to today : i thin the eeu has the possibility to react quicker and ist therefor more appealing . 
  but this reaction time is just because there are no other members with big influence . 
  and so the eeu still just consists of the russian federation , with a small country to the west , and a big one to the south ( althou they do handle their affairs with the eu themselfes without russias guidance ), 
  i do n't wan na get booked for every touch . . 
  why are uralics not a part/influence of the indo-european-proto-culture ? 
  are they then part of the persian culture or rather one of the far east proto cultures ? 
  not easy to answer , especially when the question is rather broad . 
  but i 'd say the major impact happened already when most producing companies left for china . 
  take also in consideration that a big chunk of europe is the definition of `` developed '' and those standards are a goal many countries want to achieve . 
  regarded mathematically ( i do n't recall it exactly because it 's too long ago ) i learned that in order to generate an increase of 8 % of their gdp china has to generate as much as germany would have to for an increase of 0.8 % . 
  this is 15 ago , and china changed a lot , but i think it is accurate for other countries . 
  but the biggest advantage asia has over europe is the sheer amount of workforce . 
  i mean , we even have to import workers because we do n't have enough , albeit many things are already automated . 
  so to keep it simple : asia is developing , while europe ca n't really develop more , or at least the cost for development are much higher than in asia . 
  i hope it 's written somehow coherently , sorry for mistakes . 
  no , i do n't sell to poland . . 
  but i know what you meant , 
  1.261,00 % for mainlanders, 
  sorry to say , but the weed ai n't much better at yours, 
  oh thanks . 
  lived there ( passau ) for 5 years , but never came behind it, 
  definitely bavarian . 
  we have many dialects which often can be traced back to neighboring counties like platt in the north or pf\u00e4lzisch / badisch in the south . 
  but nothing beats bavarian , as even austrians struggle to understand them . 
  they have their own dictionary and are always happy to use words no one understands , just to confuse you . 
  i even had to have a `` translator '' one time because the client could not , by his best will , talk understandable german , only rural bavarian . 
  btw : when they say good bye in bavaria , they say `` f\u00fcart di '' ( do n't know how it 's written ) which absolutely sounds like `` fick di '' to me . 
  which means : `` fuck u '' always amused and confused, 
  i would guess it 's either a shoe for a nussknacker , a shoe out of a nut for a puppet , or , a shoe made to collect nuts easier . 
  i vaguely remember that there was once sold a _ schuhnuss _ to keep your shoes in good fragrance . 
  i literally just watched an episode of karambolage on this . 
  [ very interesting , choose your language at the top right ] ( http://www.arte.tv/guide/de/066311-010-a/karambolage?country=de ), 
  same here , only the 20 biggest cities can be viewed . 
  but there is n't anything amazing to see, 
  so then you are looking for a student visa , or university program . 
  the `` job '' is only secondary in this case , as you probably wo n't work the 40h/wk . 
  not all , but all in all , it would have been better to stay . 
  first : thank you for the broad explanation second : i put the constitution in a quote to reflect that there is n't a real constitution also : from your answer , we can see that the effect a single person has on eu legislation is limited to the parliament and the head of state on which we can vote for . 
  so my outlining of the limitation is n't too far away from reality . 
  further : we can see from your comment , that most powers given concern economic decision , which proves my point of a rather economic union than a political union . 
  thanks again for the clarification . 
  been out of this for some years now , and did n't had the patience to look it up . 
  so thanks again for the summary, 
  well , it 's complicated . 
  britain had a large influence on nearly every law , often to the point that the law was valid for all counties except of the uk . 
  the influence the people have on political decisions is limited all around the world . 
  but britain definitely had a lot to decide in the eu ( along with france and germany ) . 
  to say a briton had not influence is false . 
  a brit had as much influence as any other nationality in the eu . 
  and by the way , tell your politicians that this is how democracy works . 
  if you are agains something , but the majority is for it , you have to accept it . 
  so the british politicians did n't want to engage in a democratic system anymore , because it was democratic .
