  the guard replies : `` i really do n't know . 
  i knocked on the door and said `` heil hitler , the pig is dead '' and ten everybody started to party . '', 
  9th november ' 89 , east germany millions of people on the street chanting against the ever ruling socialistic sed party . 
  in an attempt to calm those masses , the party ruled to let those out who do n't want to live in the gdr anymore . 
  assuming that `` agitators '' would leave but most if not all citizens actually would stay . 
  so they called in an press conference , announcing the plan to allow citizens to travel to the western world . 
  at a quick phone conference , the highest party members decided about this plan , but leaving out the exact framework or a draft . 
  so in the evening of 9 . november . 
  g\u00fcnther schabowski , press spokesman of the party , sat down and firstly held a boring press conference , in which he , almost casual , said that the `` freedom of travel is going to be granted and there will be a framework for it '' . 
  the press , astounded , asked immediately : `` when ? '', 
  on which schabowski , starts to search through his papers in front of him , accurately trying to find the information , and reads the whole decision loudly , but no word about the actual date . 
  so he said his famous words : `` soweit ich wei\u00df , ist das ... ist das sofort , unverz\u00fcglich '' `` as far as i know , it is ... 
  it is allowed immediately , right now '' this was surprising and major news , and it spread like wildfire , the first people gathered at the checkpoints , baffling the guards who had no clue why and what and would n't open anything until an official notice is put out . 
  but the people were coming to the east and the west ends , chanting and demanding to open the border . 
  meanwhile the guards tried to get hold of any official to ask about what they should do . 
  rumor goes the highest circle of the party now realized what they have started . 
  but were smart enough to let it happen and told the guards to open the gates . 
  so the border guards opened the gates and at the same time declared the end of the 40 years bearing divide through germany and europe . 
  in the same night from the ninth to the tenth of november , the first pieces of the berlin wall were taken away as a souvenir . 
  rendering it relict of the past and a reminder for today 's generation to work together for a united europe ( and maybe someday a united world ) . 
  __ tl ; dr __ the people who danced on the berlin wall and `` tore it down '' were there because a press spokesman `` guessed '' a date . 
  add : the gdr government never had the intention to `` close down '' their state . 
  but the time was faster then they were . 
  [ link to schabowskis statement ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3qvjwzgc2a ), 
  how do the cloudberries taste ? 
  i thought this would be a nice way to add a bit trivial information for the non german speaking . 
   lugner that name thou . . l\u00fcgner means `` lier/someone who lies '' in german, 
  mercedes = benz, 
  you know , belgium had to deal with so many bad things in the last couple of years . . we give you him so you have something to be happy about \u00dc, 
  kind of . 
  i honestly think that people who got their medication for an illness within the time obamacare was ( still is i know ) active , will be much worse off without it . 
  there are probably going to be some people who die from it . 
  but yes , all in all the title `` trump kills thousands '' would be more than exaggerating . 
  non the less , i think this would be a bad move by him . 
  1 ) +1 2 ) germany , right beside the french border . 
  born in the former su , having relatives in ukraine , russia and poland who i visit from time to time . 
  been to many countries , except for scandinavia , never been there . 
  also studied polsci if that helps . 
  3 ) german , english , russian and more or less french ( understanding most , mais parle comme une vache ) 4 ) not on reddit , am ( inactive atm ) mod of a fairly big german facebook group 5 ) nope ( at least i 'm not aware of ) 6 ) depends , i 'd say my posts here are more reasonable than the ones in de but i restricted myself to let others contribute here too . 
  especially for the smaller nations it 's not easy , so i refrain to give an answer if there is already a good answer from another country . 
  also , it 's impossible to give an answer which is true for all of germany . 
  7 ) i would like to encourage people from smaller/underrepresented nations like ukraine , russia , latvia etc. 
  to participate more often , and to tell us about their experiences . 
  there would be no problem to boost the number of subscribers for germany , uk or france . 
  but this would lead to the wrong end . 
  the way to go ( in my opinion ) would be to allow posts which are not just questions . 
  like : a day in the life of a latvian . 
  also we could `` borrow '' the thread about the weekly news updates . 
  big issue : we europeans do n't know each other very good . 
  it 's not like we are askamerica which has a coherent nation behind it . 
  europe has been and at the moment still is more an idea than reality . 
  so it 's important for us , as people , to use this sub as a possibility to find our common values first , and then answer to other nations asking second . 
  a ) i 'd suggest the user to rethink his/her language or the wording . 
  the criticism is always valid if the language is fine . 
  personal attacks as `` mods are dumb '' are n't to be penalized . 
  direct attacks , are to be penalized ( reddit rule ) b ) if the topic is just controversial , i 'd ask our users to try to think what the intention of the asking person might have been . 
  maybe he worded it wrong or did n't knew about our customs . 
  if it 's just for stirring shit up , i 'd accept the reports as valid and remove the post . 
  c ) i 'd sit back with a pack of pop corn and watch how people here destroy the `` coded words '' submitter . . no but for real , i 'd tag the user and always be aware of him/her . 
  if there is a rule breaking , and the submitter has n't contributed positively to the community , i 'd go along with the rules and ban or mute him . 
  so first , if a local agency reports on something , trust them more at first glance . 
  they are in the area , they probably know what they are talking about . 
  second , look at the other stuff they publish . 
  is it biased ? 
  does it only cover one issue extensively ? 
  does the outlet have a pro/con debate style ? 
  to answer your question . 
  the refugees are n't saints , but they are no devils either . 
  they are human , and as in most cases , humans act like humans . 
  the american media is exaggerating a lot of things . 
  let it be the refugee crisis or the beyonces lipstick . 
  funny thing to notice : they always exaggerate more or less `` trivial '' issues , while failing to address the important ones in the same way . 
  example : the refugee crisis might sound scary , but germany does a very good job at managing it . 
  way better than we ourself would have imagined . 
  but media portrays it the other way around . 
  now what about `` obamacare '' ? 
  if donald abolishes it , there will be thousands of americans who die immediately . 
  barely any report in the scale as the crisis . 
  or what about other issues which affect the world ? 
  i rarely see a `` controversial '' report on that . 
  [ also ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gce1avxfjb4 ), 
  ukrain highways are pretty decent these days , but the suburbs ... 
  at least for germany : the afd will get into the parliament with about 10-20 % , but they wo n't be in government and they will crumble once they are in . 
  even now , the west afd has very little in common with the east afd . 
  and the divide gets bigger day by day . 
  for example : bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke the chairman of the thuringia afd recently said : it is a shame that we have a `` memorial of shame '' ( for the holocaust ) in our capital . 
  whereas mr.junge from the afd rhineland-palatine said that he would never ever send refugees back to afghanistan , as its not a safe country . 
  so you see they are deeply divided and the only reason the party still exists is because the leaders of it know how to play with the fear to get elected . 
  once they are elected , most will leave the party , as it has been done in most state parliaments in the last year . 
  well - . - damnit, 
  ah ok , i was n't sure about that , thanks . 
  well , then i nominate the buddenbrocks, 
  yea , but it reassembles the happenings for both cities and their people, 
  it was a deep forming factor of german identity in the time between 1750-1900 kant was born there and reportedly never left the city , the surrounding area is the set for many classic german stories and tales like effi briest or max and moritz ( ? ), 
  which shaped the clich\u00e9s of the stiff prussian-german . 
  after the loss of the territory many people migrated west towards the remaining areas . 
  g\u00fcnther grass , wrote the famous and awarded book `` blechtrommel '' about it in ' 59 . 
  ukrainians at . . hum . . at . . at . . 
  `` hello dis is lindha kolling from maikrosoft , vi hev ditected a virus oan yoar windows compyouta '' `` but i 'm in germany and i run linux , also why would you speak english ? '', 
  `` sirr , dis is vary important . . '' basically they try every other week , i once played along for 30 minutes , it was hilarious , at that point i think i talked to their head chief , he conversed well in english .
