  of whom even kissinger warned : `` if he gets the ( atomic ) bomb , he will use it within a minute '' . 
  strauss has been minister in the 1970 & 80s in west germany . 
  the greatest right wing leader in a sense of glory would be helmut kohl , chancellor of the reunification and political architect ( among others ) of the eurozone . 
  the most left leaning politicians would have to be someone from the former gdr who participated in the united german parliament as well . 
  maybe petra pau from the left party would qualify . 
  although nobody knows her . 
  the greatest left wing leader in a sense of glory is definitely gregor gysi . 
  he has been an advocate in the gdr and is known as an very eloquent , intelligent and energetic gentleman . 
  edit : gysi has been the party leader for a long time , and member of the parliament as well . 
  he retired not too long ago . 
  austria , but only after they conquered liechtenstein and hungary . 
  regarding the reactions of the markets which made a huge jump upwards after macrons victory in the first round , frances economy will crumble , the euro will fall unbelievablely and a minor financial crisis will kick in throughout the world . 
  i guess gold will rise to new heights . 
  all carriers provide a full coverage throughout europe and other counties . 
  they achieve this through a partnership between each other . 
  but it is n't really cheap to use the plan outside of the country you bough it in . 
  like 17ct per minute for a call , 50ct per minute for a bit of internet etc. 
  as said before , this will be obsolete in june . 
  but in may , those roaming fees will still be billed . 
  in june the roaming laws will be lifted , meaning you can __ then __ use the icelandic card throughout europe without extra cost, 
  belograd is really good , but experts only, 
  the groups are already defined by culture . 
  but you are right that the national identity would then become a euro-regional identity . 
  regionalism is the new nationalism . 
  there is n't much i have in common with someone from the north east of germany , at least nothing which could be used to form a sense of a nation ( except of language ) . 
  there are far more things i have in common with people from alsace , luxembourg or belgium . 
  this regional identity is , in my opinion , the new `` nationalism '' , even more so in an united europe, 
  you are not wrong , but that 's like saying an heroin addicted person died because he got vaccinated as a kid . 
  there are too many issues which play a role . 
  the nibelungensaga is much older . 
  it 's a tale which has been sung by the `` minnes\u00e4nger '' throughout the continent . 
  as renaissance came by , some folks wrote it down . 
  the oldest one i remember is the `` heidelberger liederhandschrift '' which is a colloquial of 800 different poems , written down in the year 1180 . 
  most famous `` minnes\u00e4nger '' from this writing is `` walther von der vogelweide '' who contributed about 180 poems to it . 
  and yes , we read them in the original language , which was terrible , but also gave us the possibility to actually sing them , and `` discover '' secret hints , which have been overlooked by translators in the renaissance . 
  it 's just different . 
  a foreigner will always get the worst quality for a high price . 
  do n't look out for people who look like dealers ( aka young guys in street cloths ) . 
  make friends with alternative looking people . 
  people who sit at a river and play guitar etc. 
  but do n't ask them for weed , just enjoy the happening , and eventually you will get access to the finest weed you ever taste . 
  but do n't push it , otherwise they 'll think you are a cop . 
  one thing : what the germans did ( i 'm an immigrant ) is n't normal . 
  most of the times war crimes do n't get punished or acknowledged at all . 
  like japan , they never acknowledged anything . 
  russia obviously the winner of the war , along with america , even less feel the need to acknowledge anything . 
  so that might explain it a bit . 
  but , further , as the sovjet union dissolved , all small nations had something to look at for the future ( emerging national identity ) , while the russians just had a failed state to manage . 
  so they searched for things which could give them strength and something positive , and found the two dictators . 
  i would even go so far and say , they are more ( voluntary ) loved today , than anytime during the su . 
  edit : born in the su , living in germany/france and often travel to ukraine and russia, 
  as a kid it sounded like the person is talking with a chewing gum in the mouth . 
  ya excuse me , but it 's been almost 30 years since the wall came down . 
  everybody in today 's germany , who still blames it on east-west , might be a bit delusional to me , cheers, 
  calm your titties , opa, 
  but to be fair , no one working in the glass towers would have the ability to meet the politicians anyway . 
  they are just the cattle of mammon . 
  i thought the danes wanted to take it again in 20 years ? 
  a small city would be good , but then it has to be closer to the south/west where the majority of people live . 
  move it from berlin to frankfurt . 
  cause : every time berlin has been the capital , shit has gone wrong . 
  why frankfurt ? 
  because it has been proposed to be the capital of west germany , but only lost to bonn , because the chancellor at the time ( adenauer from cologne ) did n't want to travel to frankfurt everyday or relocate . 
  so they decided to keep bonn as a capital ( 20km away from cologne ) where the constitution has been negotiated in the years prior . 
  frankfurt is ~ ~ the main ~ ~ __ an __ economic hub for germany . 
  almost all banks are there , insurance companies have their headquarters just 30min south in mannheim . 
  frankfurt has the biggest airport , and two major railway stations . 
  on top of that . 
  it is situated perfectly in the middle of germany . 
  by debunking it as usual in science ?!? 
  the other user claimed that your text would be scientifically correct , and downvoted by people without knowledge . 
  i just said that there are n't any scientific papers linked in your text . 
  edit : and to add , in the last paragraph of said text you say that there are no `` terminator seeds '' , yet you acknowledge a sentence later that hybrid seeds are a thing and they practically do n't give any useful seeds for the next year . 
  so while it may be a technical factor that there are no new seeds and not a profit driven ( cause hybrids ) , the fact that the farmer is now dependent on the company ca n't be denied . 
  also the profits are short term profits . 
  just as tyson did in the us . 
  lured many farmers into chicken farming , then lobbied to increases regulations on chicken farming . 
  many farmers needed to upgrade their `` shags '' ( actually football field sized ) and there tyson came along with a loan to upgrade the shag . 
  the farmers are now dependent on tyson , and if tyson likes to , they can foreclose the farm , or level the farmer down in the revenue program , leading to the bankruptcy of said farmer . 
  excuse me , but i ca n't find any scientific paper linked in that text , neither any green peace related paper in the previous comments . 
   why not ban electricity ? 
  i never knew we had n't had any food to eat prior to gmo . . 
  the difference is obviously the fact that the one thing is something new , while the other is just an improvement to an existing thing . 
  i love it since i watched it the first time . 
  it is perceived as a high quality channel , and was often mocked in the beginning as being a bit too far off the mainstream . 
  but this resentment is n't up anymore . 
  many people enjoy watching it , due to the artistic composing of the emissions . 
  my favorite emission is definitely karambolage . 
  i learned a lot of mots in school but rarely the about the ( current ) daily culture in france . 
  karambolage helped me with that . 
  but tbh , many shows are good , they are calm , yet precise , and do n't repeat the same information twice to make a show longer . 
  the thing is , we rarely have it here . 
  i could n't get a grasp too some years ago what it exactly is . 
  but then visited russia/ukraine some years ago , and yea , it 's a fairly huge thing there and can be precisely classified as a social movement , or at least a kind of cult . 
  there is , as i have encountered it , little day politics in it . 
  we would maybe classify them as a bit right , but it 's due to their traditional views and not really xenophobic views . 
  i know my uncle and aunt are members of their local pagan society , but they just meet up , drink , do shashlik , and discuss their views on the world/society . 
  but what would you do in the desert when riding a camel ? 
  sure you could walk alongside of it and measure how many foots you have to go until you reach sundown . 
  but in metrics , you know due to conversion that 3,600 camel steps are 1/12 of a sundown .
