  coincidently aiding russian foreign politics and leaving ukraine with the mess . 
  but i think it was totaly a stages coup , i mean , nobody sane would demand reforms if your average income is still 200 $ a month where all the neighbors improved theirs by minimum 300 % . 
  or would you protest if your president just closes down your factory because it is a competitor to his factory ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  even when your president would not pay the pensions for 6 months , there would absolutely be no reason to be angry about him . 
  am i right ? 
  obviously not !, 
  oh it 's that guy again d :, 
  maybe for britannia , but i doubt anyone in germany or france would like to have such an arrangement again . 
  you point out correctly that it has been thrown out . 
  and the modern replacement of an absolute monarch would be an dictatorship , which no one sane wants to establish . 
  monaco / s, 
  what ? 
  i think now would be the right time for a european image hosting service . 
  if someone would do that ... 
  it would be great . 
  more and more people are concerned about the analytics those american companies do and their privacy . 
  an eu based service with transparent rules ( which of course would analyze as well ) would be a step in the right direction . 
  i , sadly , do n't have the time , nor do i have the money to finance all the servers needed . 
  personally i made such a service for myself . 
  bought webspace from a host and can upload anything anytime ( in the legal boundaries ) . 
  webspace also it 's not very expensive . 
  in germany there is e.g. 
  they offer an online `` photobook '' for i think 1 $ per month with 5gb of webspace and unlimited traffic , but there are many more , even better and cheaper . 
  as the iraq war rolled up on the horizon , i was 15 and i changed my mind on america completely . 
  the 2000 election was n't very `` clean '' and that left some strains on my view of the us . 
  but the unjustified war against a cooperating country left me to believe that the usa is a deeply schizophrenic country . 
  on the one hand you have those individuals who give all their money and time for good causes . 
  many good things evolved in america . 
  but those do n't have anything to say . 
  the ones who decide are another league . 
  and as i said , with the beginning of the iraq war it was totally obvious to me that the usa is n't anywhere near the perfect country they see themselves they are . 
  so that was the moment where i left my `` usa great '' corner and got politically engaged . 
  i still do think ( studied ir ) that the us had the worst influence on post cold war politics . 
  they had the chance to set up a new peaceful world order ( not the conspiracy one ) , but instead , they kept their morgenthau and kissinger doctrines open and encouraged others to do so too . 
  so instead of managing the world right , and remain a superpower out of morality . 
  the us decided to remain a superpower out of strength . 
  thus leading to other nations chiming in and also relying on military strength . 
  today we have about 2\u00a01/2 military superpowers , and 2\u00a01/2 morality powers . 
  the latter ones sadly consists of nations which would be overrun by any of the military powers in a day . 
  leaving them without the opportunity to leverage their moral politics on a world stage . 
  mostly because football is an easy school sport . 
  you can play it from age 5 up to age 70 without hurting yourself . 
  you can play it anywhere , concrete , sand , grass ... 
  the field can be adjusted to any size . 
  you do n't have to wear special equipment your cloths wo n't get dirty if you play reasonable . 
  this said : i 've had rugby in school for 2 years . 
  the 30 pupils playing it had altogether gained : 2 broken arms , a destroyed knee , 3 broken noses , multiple broken ribs and many many minor injuries . 
  while the footballists had to call the ambulance once , because some guy ran straight at the goal post . 
  in international politics it 's always advisable to ask : what would russia ( or any `` player '' ) gain from it . 
  in ossetia it was the demonstration of strenght . 
  ukraine was a case of `` motherland under enemy control '' where russia had to step in , or they would have been seen as weak . 
  if there wo n't be a similar situation like in ukraine ( where both sides tripped the pot ) . 
  i doubt that there would be an overwhelming majority in russia supporting another `` vacation '' . 
  it looks like moldova or belarus would be the next weak states which could be annexed . 
  but then again , russians felt the economic drop . 
  they were appears by gaining crimea as a nice piece of land . 
  but i doubt anyone would be as happy if their government would annex belarus or moldova . 
  there would be too much problems to deal with in those annexed countries , while the same problems have n't been solved in russia for decades . 
  there are a few specialist image boards , some got their own hosting service . 
  but all in all most europeans use the american sites . 
  na i 'm fluent in russian and english language . 
  where as you wo n't get a lot of answers in r/germany , most commenters wo n't even be german there, 
  so slovexit then ? 
  about 0.99 - 1.19 $ for 175g - 200g, 
  nobody disagrees that america played a big role , we just advocate for the brave nations and the free people from all around the world . 
  it was n't a dick measuring contest which country did the most or the best or the least . 
  it was a fight good vs evil in every aspect . 
  and the most important thing is that the `` good '' ones won . 
  it was a big thing back then . 
  millions protested against the war . 
  americans renamed french fries to freedom fries etc. 
  denmark took part in the operations in iraq from 2003 to 2011, 
  there is a david crockett village in the disneyland paris ... 
   but i think the better non-alcoholic german drink is alkoholfrei weiz bier i 'm with you there  as for the other brand , there are some regional brands which taste wonderfully . 
  sadly you can just get them in the local area . 
  i know ottakringer from austria as a well rounded weizen . 
  other than paulana , there is also schoefferhoffer as a big brand, 
  are you worried you could get ... ... czeched ? 
  _ i 'll pardon myself out _, 
  dinner time brandy , dandy , amandy , randy . . 
  i 'd say everybody in former soviet countries knows how to survive a collapse, 
  afaik you buddy could open an office in europe and you will get to be the chief of that branch , allowing you to live in europe . 
  imo there is nothing wrong with that table . 
  everybody i know had one in the 90s . 
  i loved ours because it was so convenient . 
  you could adjust the height easily , throw things like brothers and sisters on top of it without the slightest fear of breaking it . 
  also : easy to clean . 
  but as always , time goes on . 
  a new style took over our living rooms , light , plastic and flat . . 
  so these tables were seen as outdated end of the 90s . 
  nobody really cares the next years , but when hartz4 ( long term unemployment help ) came along , there also came the reports of those affected . 
  and funnily enough , almost every one of those people had such a table . 
  even today , when you watch our `` assitv '' ( tv stations doing real life documentary about those people for us to laugh ( yea not very bright on our side either ) ) you can see those tables . 
  so long story short , it 's guilt by association, 
  what the ?? 
  do n't you forget the famous [ fliesentisch ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-isx6ngrepoi/u0y-mtrqdoi/aaaaaaaaauw/ywtm3wu12jw/w450-h360/1300.jpg ) ( tiles table ) . 
  expelled from east germany : [ wolf biermann ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhszn6tucja ), 
  ottawa is a compromise , vienna is a statement, 
  amazon . __ de __ if you do n't specify which county you end up ordering in the u.s. shop .
