  most of their kids ( my age/group ) did well in the schools , studied and are indistinguishable from locals . 
  working in government agencies , banks or as nurses and doctors now . 
  post 1990 : `` here comes the problem '' most of them came to germany without speaking a word of the language . 
  they lived in big cities in the ural region of russia and had one ancestor who was a german by blood . 
  but , with this one ancestor , they were allowed to settle to germany . 
  so they did . 
  most of them although were socialized in russia and did n't want to learn the new system here . 
  so they did what they did in russia and were unemployed , drank and did really shitty things . 
  of course these idiots were a minority , and many post 1990 immigrants did integrate well , but these idiots shaped the impression that all russian germans behave like this . 
  what 's so sad about it : a lot of them still do n't speak a word german , rely on russian tv news and are not willing to integrate to the fullest . 
  if i am in a meeting with new customers , they always ask me where i 'm from ( curious name ) and when i tell them that i was born in the soviet union and can still speak russian pretty well , they are baffled , as they would have guessed that i 'm 100 % german but to get back to the question : those russians who drank , did n't had the best regard on turks . 
  the turks on the other hand , had the righteous feeling that they areole german than those russians who ca n't speak german . 
  so there was often a violent battle between both groups . 
  also turks felt that the russians are getting more support from the government , which was right . 
  russian germans got their german passport in a matter of months , where turks had to wait years . 
  it did n't help the situation when a lot of yugoslavs fleeing the war settlers here too . 
  so then there were 3 groups , all barreling each other . 
  interesting fact : many yugoslavs came here together , but slowly divided themselves . 
  one part aligned with russians , the other with turks . 
  today : everything is fine , my generation understood that there is no german culture except for the maxim of a tolerant life , which we all try to achieve . 
  edit : typos included as i 'm on mobile, 
  could be right , as they mark subsections, 
  op , was it like this ? 
  was this a one time sketch or a longer lasting show ? 
  because i aint heard of such a specific issue but i know some shows which share the setting ( comedy and semi impro sketches ) . 
  also , was it live on stage with audience ? 
  called paragraph , mostly used in law codes and written law vor legal texts as in \u00a7 1 s. 1 states that ... ( paragraph one , sentence one states that ... ), 
  as did the pope and everyone else, 
  the eu never became a political union . 
  in fact , only the parliament is somehow democratic , but they ca n't do a lot . 
  most , if not all , legislatures of the eu are pro economy and industry . 
  and the real players behind the curtain are all from big businesses . 
  eu ca n't tell a state how to handle their interior politics . 
  they can only advice . 
  so many political decisions are still take interior , and just some decisions are made in an eu level . 
  there was a push for a european constitution , but some counties refused it , so it never came to life . 
  concerning islam : there are morons everywhere , most muslims are as peaceful as anyone in the world . 
  just some morons saw the opportunity to take religion as a source for power, 
  no not at all . 
  i even think , if it would n't stir up too much shit , france and germany would have left the nato back in 2003 . 
  it 's a sad truth that we in the year 2016 still divide our countries and attribute happiness only to the best 20 % . 
  many people only see their ( dream ) realm without acknowledging the reality that happens . 
  and the sad truth is : the richer someone gets , the less he cares about others . 
  so if there is an opportunity to gain weight internationally , many leaders will take this opportunity without a second thought . 
  the consequences are most of the time clear to see , but too often they are labeled as wrong and anti patriotic . 
  if we leave all syrians at the camps , there will surely be a new generation of fighters for the daesh or alquaida , fueled by the ignorance of the world about their situation . 
  and that 's a good reason to help them . 
  that 's a point i can concur with . 
  the eu did a disastrous performance in this crisis . 
  basically greece , italy , germany , austria and the balkans managed the whole situation on their own . 
  other european partners refuse to take responsibility , although they were part of the coalition of the willing ( american attack coalition on iraq ) like poland . 
  but when it comes to interior problems , like the creation of so called banlieus in france , the eu ca n't do anything , because the eu is solely an economic union , and nothing else . 
  france and belgium did some things wrong , where as other european countries did it right . 
  the cause for the attacks of paris and brussels date back at least 20 years . 
  the terrorists just had been given the opportunity to attack by the daesh . 
  their hatred for the french comes not from islam , but from bad immigration policies in the 90s . 
  this problem is not new , it 's old , and france did something about it . 
  they now follow the german path , which proofed its rightness, 
  ignorance of americans to acknowledge their role in the whole situation is the worst . 
  americans set the house on fire , and now they ( you ) are watching it burning down . 
  then attack those ruins , but do n't stop there , americans then attack those who help the ones without a roof . 
  this ignorance is disgusting . 
  arab countries were mostly developed . 
  syria , egypt and many other were on a development level of eastern europe end 90s . 
  americans managed to bomb some of those countries into stone age . 
  you obviously never been to germany . 
  most ghettos are just shitty flats with a mixed population . 
  germans , arabs , turks , yugos , russians and many more live there . 
  but the same principle ( multiculturality ) applies also to rich areas . 
  i have a company , 20 employees and am living in a nice house in a suburb . 
  my neighbors are 90 % immigrants . 
  one is a doctor , another an app developer and the other was a high ranking judge in his county , he now advices company 's doing business with his home country . 
  i do n't pretend that there is no crime at all . 
  there is , but it is n't new . 
  it has always been and to be frankly : our criminals can only knife you down or beat you up , they could never shoot or bomb you . 
  also the gang violence is mostly inside of the gang circles . 
  if i would walk into a gang fight , they probably would just tell me to go on . 
  i invite you to visit europe and look around . 
  chances that you might get mugged are very low and violence also is the lowest in the world . 
  why ? 
  because america started to bomb iraq 13 years ago . 
  forcing millions of people to live under a constant fear for live . 
  drones are silent killers nowadays . 
  the victims are not always just the fighters . 
  many of these people coming here are mentally disturbed , that 's true , but not fr their culture or heritage . 
  they are disturbed by the life they led . 
  a constant fight for surviving agains a thread which ca n't be seen . 
  `` will you fight for our cause ? '', 
  `` ok we will kill your family then '' get your head out of ya ass and show some empathy . 
  i admit that every form of violence is bad . 
  ignorance is even worse , but you try to stir up a conflict to profit from it instead of helping, 
  you , sir , are disgusting . 
  at least our police does n't shoot us for saying hello, 
  depends where the person is from . 
  cities : london , paris , budapest , prague , madrid , barcelona , munich , z\u00fcrich and many many more are beautiful by itself . 
  they represent parts of european history and function as a mirror to the european soul . 
  countryside : there are many beautiful places in europe . 
  ca n't decide which to post . 
  it is advised to visit some places during a certain time to get the full experience . 
  all in all : it 's the best to focus on a city or historical time frame and visit the according city , from there , you most likely can visit popular natural destinations within an hour .
