german from the beginning for 13 years , english from third grade for 11 years , french from sixth grade for 7 years , russian from eighth grade for 5 years . 
  german and english were both thought very in depth , been to the globe in london and even read shakespeare in the original , but also focused on english colonial times . 
  german , of course , very in depth . 
  french and russian were more of a `` know the language '' classes , but i can understand and speak both . 
  many pupils will take spanish over russian , some take mandarin languages , others italian instead of french etc. 
  i know , but that 's how people associate it . 
  i mean we have 37 celsius too here in the summers , and to cite a proverb : `` one swallow does n't make a summer '' , it would take some more years for people to realize that oregonian summers are hotter than thought , and even then some more to replace the association . 
  mostly california , and then mostly the la / san diego area . 
  san francisco is often referred to as the silicon valley , so they have their own name . 
  basically it is something we are longing for , warm weather , chilled people , good food and cultural diversity , music , films , surfing . 
  oregon and washington on the other hand , are rainy and a bit colder with a lot of nature , we got that at home as well , so they are not included into the term . 
  it 's okay , we do n't need them anyway ... _ ( looks at own scores , sees that askeurope is in top three , get sad ) _, 
   where is the soj3e !, 
   if you do n't behave , stalin will be sleeping under your bed . . 
  i root for strasbourg , as the idea behind that parliament was to give the people a kind of representation , and brussels and luxembourg only being the administrative capitals / centers . 
  i never followed any youtubers , but i stumbled over binging with babish when he released the second episode on reddit . 
  since then i saw every episode and would totally recommend it to anyone . 
  he basically tries to recreate food and dishes from movies and series , like moonwaffles from simpsons , a pigeon pie from game of thrones or eric cartmans famous chili . 
  what makes him different to the infertility of cooking channels : his voice and humor . 
  ah and he 's also a redditor r/bingingwithbabish, 
  heidelberg all clogged up with tourists ? 
  try visiting speyer , badenbaden or the winestreet . 
  pretty much the same architecture , style and food . 
  just one or two attractions less . 
  my observations concur with the observations of the previous commenters . 
  in the beginning this was the only thing where you could feel european . 
  see singers from all over europe and having a nice party with friends . 
  back then there were n't much occasions to listen and see a whole evening of contemporary pop music . 
  and so the love for eurovision was given to the next generation . 
  they already had the ability to watch special pop programs , but mtv was still small at the time . 
  then they introduced the popular vote ( before a jury voted for a country ) , and it became a kind of competitions where you as an european could influence the outcome directly . 
  i remember sitting together with friends and family and planing about who can vote when within the time frame . 
  nowadays it 's mostly a cash cow , catering to young people around the world , each country presents themselves and hope for a better image through the participation . 
  i did n't watched it all too much since living outside the family , but this year i watched it , and i was baffled by how much presence the homosexual culture had there . 
  not that i 'm against it , but this maybe another point why people love it . 
  to show the world their pride , in countries where they could n't do it a couple of decades ago . 
  iphones and macs are pretty cheap in the us, 
  i 'm russian german myself , and know the problems these people have . 
  but to be honest , you would never guess that i 'm russian german myself if we met . 
  or my cousins or my aunts . 
  it depends when people came to germany . 
  pre 1990 : perfectly assimilated , after 2000 , well , most of them behave just like you said . 
   r/europefire subscribed !, 
  ty in 3 simple sentences : we coordinate the rent payment , keep the buildings and streets clean , tidy and up to date , help elderly people ( there are many here ) and provide machinery and workforce in peak touristic months for the city . 
  yes and they do , but most of my polish employees i had already left for their home country . 
  couple of years ago i had a young girl who had studied pharma in poland . 
  she worked here 2 years as a cleaning lady and then left back to poland , because she had the ability to earn the same amount of money , but in her profession . 
  some months ago i read on her fb that she bought a flat with her friend . 
  i do n't really know the figures , but i feel like others my age and education get a lot more in the uk . 
  maybe it 's just my social circle i have there , so i could definitely be wrong with that assumption . 
  real estate services . 
  i 've got 20 people working for me , and after some years it grew to such dimensions . . 
  in the morning i have to talk to my employees , during the day to clients , in the afternoon i have to talk with my employees who work the evening hours , maybe meet some new clients . 
  and in the evening to politicians and other businessmen about city development . 
  but as i said , there are also weeks where i just talk to some higher up employees , check my mails and go get a drink at a spa before 11 in the morning . 
  it depends heavily how much i want to engage myself . 
  but the more the better , especially when i want to reach my goal , to retire when i 'm 40 . 
  afaik yes , if your country is in the eu or in some european organization . 
  there have been some people from spain who resettled to germany and took an apprenticeship or studied . 
  as said , we really have a lack of workforce . 
  currently people from poland or chzechia fill some gaps , but their economy is doing well too , so many young are settling back there again ( my experience ), 
  four languages ? 
  pretty good , you can actually find a nice job here . 
  but if you have the ability to learn a trade or study , then i would advice you to do that . 
  you can even do it in germany , depending on your high school degree . 
  i 'm not an expert in these issues , but the sidebar of r/germany has many good informations about school / uni / resettling to germany . 
  of course , there are many open positions . 
  did you study something or learned some trade ? 
  i always call my self `` unternehmer '' , badly translated to `` undertaker '' . . 
  but to answer ops question : it depends . 
  the last weeks it was unbelievably much , like 80 hours , if i count in all work related `` parties '' nearly 100 . 
  but then again , there are weeks where i merely work 10 hours a week . 
  not enough workers for all the jobs . 
  granted they wage is n't as good as in the uk or france, 
  they even have vending machines for vine in my area . . 
  y' all germans are n't telling the truth here , there are beer vending machines . 
  the beer is just stored right beside the coke and fanta . 
  you seem just to have never acknowledged it . 
  they can be found at : universities , train stations , near football stadiums . 
  the rhine has been `` straightened '' in the ~ ~ 18th ~ ~ 19th century . 
  instead of the old slow slopes , it 's flowing straight forward to the port of rotterdam . 
  kinda like a planed water highway . 
  you can still see the old rhine round about speyer , about 30 minutes to the north from karlsruhe . 
  pretty lame from them , sorry . 
  [ poland can not into future , somehow ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/6r3lda/future_story/?st=1z141z3&amp;sh=5ecd6d22 ), 
  i 've heard good things about n26 , but have n't used them . 
  because ukraine ( and georgia ) are member states of european institutions , and russia ( also member ) used force rather than the agreed on mechanisms to `` solve '' the conflicts . 
  also , our sanctions are against certain companies and people . 
  we do sanction american companies too . 
  for example : european chemical companies refuse to ship certain ingredients to certain us companies , because these ingredients are used on the death row to kill people . 
  g20 in hamburg couple weeks ago . 
  _ hue _ but not the only \\ ^ \\ ^ west germans are arrogant against anyone , except , they are more arrogant then us . 
  like the swiss or the luxembourges or the hollandaises or the s. . 
  took our jobs !, 
  supermodel with attitudes, 
  thank you for clarifying this issue . 
  i have n't looked into this for ages  but would n't you say that the milk market got even better due to the sanctions , or is it because of some other factor ? 
  you are right , they are a bit broader then i depicted them . 
  but still , these sanctions are n't made to hit the people , but the state run companies , and in many cases these companies have ties to friends of putin . 
  the financial sanctions for example , exclude small banks and start ups , from bearing them .
