  if you know them , and they are without a contract , it 's a pleasant interaction . 
  if they work for one of the big manufacturers , then may god bless your negotiation skills . 
  never been , but will add it to a route for the next time, 
  switzerland , andorra , slovenia you might guessed it , i like mountains, 
  do you know the difference between social-democracy , socialists and socialism ? 
  do you know the difference between realism , post-realism and neo-realism ? 
  i mean , if someone fucks up his definitions , but everyone gets the gasp . 
  there is nothing wrong , i think, 
  oh dear , show me where the saudi royalist do n't waste oil ... or where the absolutists did something for the peasants . . 
  i think you might have missed some classes in history . 
  triggered ? 
  just to clarify , the middle eastern system is a system we had some time ago . 
  there is nothing wrong with it , if it fits the society of the state . 
  but our societies have evolved themselves out of it . 
  you ca n't force democracy upon a nation . 
  it 's people have to decide when the right time is . 
  so i think middle east is on its own transition towards democracy . 
  brexit and trump are just two examples of many where democracy did n't produced the results which would have been favorable for the economy or world climate . 
  but this is the essence of democracy . 
  accepting the others opinion and , if needed , discuss these opinions and educate others when they may have stumbled a bit in their process of thoughts edit : althou i would like to have the un reformed and strengthen its power to combat climate change or anything else which is per se non political . 
  like space exploration , the oceans or climate, 
  no/yes 28/m/good income . 
  mail me per pn, 
  yea they gave me a 25 $ fee and later an additional 25 $ because i did n't cut it within a week . 
  if you have a good contact to the board they are likely to cancel the fee . 
  but they will always remember it, 
  sure , just wanted to add that there are some . 
  i asked a friend to join reddit for answering this question . 
  he 's a student , muslim and german . 
  as he came to his city where he studies , the only place he found in the beginning was in a mosque owned property . 
  he has some story 's from there . 
  maybe we are lucky and he comes here, 
  no in fact we do too, 
  wrong !, 
  americans from the south are directly related to noah who 's arch came to a stop in st.louis after the big flood . 
  where a dove brought him a tobacco leaf as a sign of the end of a journey . 
  he then settled in new york which was originally called after him ( noah 's arca ) to await the indians who came by the sea from east . 
  we have some muslims in the german sub , but they do n't really fit the description as they 'd describe themselves more as germans/europeans than muslims, 
  we do call them hitler here too , do n't worry , 
  very uncommon . 
  there are some areas designated for a semi-agricultural use ( kleing\u00e4rtnerverein or schreberg\u00e4rten ) . 
  but to be a part of it , you have to join their special club and obey the rules under any circumstances . 
  even a small violation , like , kids playing in your garden on a saturday at 1 pm , can lead to your exclude . 
  those properties are n't cheap too . 
  for example , an area of 50 square meters in such a club ( west german city with 50.000 inhabitants ) can cost you up to 60.000 $ . 
  not counting in electricity or gas or a toilet . 
  additional you have to pay a monthly fee to the club and the club board can visit your garden at any time to control the state of it . 
  if there is old ash in the fire pit : pay a fee . 
  grass is higher than 3 cm : pay a fee , flag was n't hissed when you had to : that 's also a fee . 
  it 's basically a voluntary joined and paid for third reich . 
  i `` inherited '' one by luck . 
  but was even more lucky when a guy wanted to trade a 300 square meter mountain and terrace garden for my 30 sqm part of the third reich . 
  go for it !, 
  very well written thoughts i can agree with . 
  if i could , i 'd guild you, 
  you know , we germans would like to reform the eu . 
  but we ca n't . 
  it would n't be good . 
  you , you need to reform it . 
  netherlands , bulgaria , portugal , finnland etc. 
  we will adjust our politics but you have to tell us what 's good for europe from the viewpoint of smaller nations . 
  because germany or france can survive without an eu , most other countries would not thou, 
  for me , as i grew up `` in '' it , the internet was always nationless . 
  we all used the same shitty servers to play sc & cs , we all used icq/irc/msg boards and we all shaped a part of the net . 
  those who participated , did n't gave a fuck where you were from . 
  we all saw ourselves not as a part of our countries society ( were called nerds and geeks ) but as a part of the multinational internet society . 
  sadly , with the introduction of smartphones , every idiot can navigate throu the net . 
  and with the increase of them , most sites lost its value . 
  spiegel.de was one of the very best sources back in the days . 
  today it just caters medium warm articles to masses who do n't even bother reading them . 
  there are still some pockets where the old folks use to surf , and most of them are not in the german part of the internet . 
  tl ; dr i am fed up with explaining 40yo womans why it 's not a good idea to call out your husband on the net . 
  for me , the eu is an insurance for peace on the continent, 
  if you are not comfortable with criticism , you are not worth a discussion . 
  his comment is against the dignity of any human . 
  like saying : dump it into the ocean . . and this is just one comment , one in an 10,000 subscriber subreddit which is mostly `` european '' . 
  but there are thousands like him who do n't oppose but agree with it . 
  most with little knowledge . 
  it 's the easy solution , why bothering with thinking about an alternative to help all . 
  etc, 
  sure it is n't paris , texas ? 
   post traumatic steiermark disorder, 
  true , but before the colombian period we did n't had any of those , as all were `` imported from america '', 
  tomatos , chilies , potatoes , corn . . 
  sure , there are quiet some in east germany and berlin . 
  for example , the city of lobeda is basically one big soviet block, 
  [ r\u00e4toromanisch ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/romansh_language ), 
  see nobody corrected it in the other post . 
  thanks for clarifying, 
  i just read in an other thread that colorado actually messages every citizen an ballot which they can fill out and send back . 
  this then counts as a vote . 
  leaving the opportunity to collect all unused ballots , fill em out and send them in . . 
  you then would have to get a colony in the first place as a swede . . 
  no i meant the differences in 2009 and those in 2012 and 2013 . 
  ( tensions were there since 2005 if you do n't know it ) the refuse to pay the outstanding bill in 2014 does n't justify the use of force and occupation in any way . 
  this dispute is clearly a case for the jurisdiction of trade agreements which the european council has established more than 30 years ago , and by the way , this dispute then was settled by this jurisdiction . 
  you forgot to add about that winter gazprom shut down their gas for ukraine because there was a political difference . 
  and the one time where ukraine had to pay 400 % more over night for gas . 
  oh and that time russian tourists with rifles and tanks occupied ukraine . 
  oh and the decade where kremlin dictated ukraine which steps to take .
