  it 's not about the unemployment benefit . 
  it 's about the working poor . 
  people , who work 40h a week , barely can participate in socio-cultural life , they ca n't plan any further than a year because their contracts are limited . 
  this is the misery . 
  these people actually do work 40h a week and are a pillar of our economy , yet , they are kept away from benefits and participation . 
  disclaimer : while many people would rightfully argue that these problems are very petty in the light of real poverty , it still is some sort of poverty . 
  afaik , hartz4 is social security and unemployment help mingled together . 
  you still have to work about a year to get the full unemployment benefit . 
  at least 3 months without `` try-out phase '' to get the reduced rate . 
  further , you ca n't compare anything from berlin pre 1990 as it had a special status . 
  for example : the young folks in berlin without a job , just went there to dodge the conscription . 
  it would be better to compare the ruhr area from then , with now . 
  but i admit , that todays relative poverty is far better than it has been . 
  but , if we go by economic ability , the rate should have dropped . 
  instead it even increased . 
  so of course relative poverty is n't that bad anymore , but somehow it is even worse . 
  most of them could either file for asylum or just take their jail sentence . 
  nobody is forced to join . 
  the le also has stricter rules by now , denying entrance to those who committed a serious crime like murder . 
  governance and public policies , with the specialization on international relations . 
  very interesting , but also very depressing . 
  i did n't follow that career path ( although i could ) , and choose later to resettle into economics . 
  did well there too , but never worked in that field either . 
  today i own a company , which is n't too bad i guess . 
  but nowhere near where i could have been in life . 
  on the other hand , ir is a very demanding field , in which i probably would have freaked out by now . 
  781 $ is the monthly income below which someone is declared relatively poor . 
  and let me tell you , there are a lot of people living with this burden . 
  now to be poor in germany does n't mean lack of food , electricity or a tv . 
  these things are state sponsored . 
  it 's the inability to participate at events . 
  visiting the cinema , or afford the child 's vacation in the summer , let alone the parents ones . 
  important to note : most of these people do have a job , but it 's wage is too low , and most of the times has n't even been up with inflation . 
  if you earned 400 $ on a minimum wage job in 2004 , you would get 450 $ today . 
  but according to inflation , one should get 589 $ today . 
  because this issue has n't been touched by politics , many people get poorer and poorer , while the top do n't even see tg he problems , as there are not poor people in their tennis club or at the swimming hall . 
  _ disclaimer : while many people would rightfully argue that these problems are very petty in the light of real poverty , it still is some sort of poverty . _ history lesson : the modern relative poverty in germany is n't too old . 
  it all began about 12 years ago , when the social democrats pushed new employment regulations , loosening social security and deregulated stock trading . 
  with the effect that the rich ones got richer , while the poor ones did n't . 
  these reforms are similar to the ones the uk adopted at the same time , and these reforms are the same ones agains which franch , greek and italian workers protested . 
  afaik , one has to wait for 90 days to reenter with a different or another ( tourist ) visa . 
  but i 'm definitely not an expert . 
  at op : best would be to call the malayan embassy in germany . 
  quotes for bush , exclamation mark for obama , and an / s for trump, 
  german media and news outlets constantly refer to the president as `` the leader of the free world '' . 
  with trump at power , some already started to call merkel like that . 
  so , i would n't be surprised , as i hear the term all the time, 
  afaik shell offers some bonus points on gas , but nothing more . 
  the tax deductibles were sadly massively cut to finance the bailout of the deutsche bank . 
  at first everyone was against it , but we all got a `` honor share '' for it , so it kinda was a fair deal . 
  [ here ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cuignfrxiaa_4dl.png:large ) is a picture of the new one , i still have the old one/s, 
  i do n't know how it is in america , but the german antifa groups ( proud member too ) get free fare on trains , a free meal at mcdonalds and 25 $ an hour when at a demonstration . 
  but it 's important to have the antifa-member card with you , which can be used as an id card as it has the address and photo . 
  so it 's not like we can get mixed up with the others . 
  i feel you . 
  studied pol sci and sociology along with economics . 
  i 'm glad i had economics too but , hey , maybe there is still a free spot at the schulz engine , 
  hello , the job market is very good at the moment . 
  you 'll find one within a week if you want . 
  the problem thou , these jobs have a low wage . 
  it is enough to ~ ~ survive ~ ~ _ live a decent _ live , and if not the state chimes in to support you . 
  but you wo n't get rich with it . 
  then there are the skilled level jobs . 
  mostly craftsmanship . 
  they have a not too bad wage , and the demand for them is unbelievable ( i own a company which distributes those jobs , ca n't find suited personal ) . 
  on the higher end of the wage scale , there are a lot of engineering and high tech jobs still open . 
  the wages are nice and the companies are global players in their fields . 
  the one thing , most foreigners struggle with , is the language . 
  most germans do speak english well enough . 
  but it is somehow rude for many , if the foreigner refuses to learn the language . 
  edit : we have the word `` vollbesch\u00e4ftigung '' which describes the case when all/most people capable of work , are working . 
  this is the case at the moment . 
  the last time this was the case , we invited greeks and turks to do these jobs , because we had n't had enough people . 
  i could n't think of a german cheese other than `` harzer k\u00e4se '' and a `` bluemold brie '' . 
  both are n't very popular . 
  most cheeses are from other european countries . 
  the favorites are : gruyere from switzerland brie from france ( or other creamy cheeses ) edammer or gouda from holland, 
  nuts , seeds etc : nutella is made from hazelnuts !!, 
  pobably some hitler related joke : `` what 's the reason hitler died ? '', 
  `` he saw the gas bill '' but there are also nice ones against him . 
  i know this is n't asked but here is a joke i always liked : `` hitter and his guard drive through the country in the last days of the war . 
  allied bombs and russian katyushas can already be heard . 
  as they drive and dream away , something hits the car . 
  they stopped to see that they hit a pig from the nearby farm . 
  hitler tells his guard that it is important to notify the farmer about this incident . 
  so his guard went off to the house to inform them . 
  a couple of minutes later adolf hears yelling and sees that his guard is running away as fast as he could . 
  hitler starts the car , and the severely beaten guard jumps in . 
  off they go . 
  as hitler is n't a good driver ( pun in german as driver would be fahrzeugf\u00fchrer ) they hit another pig on their way . 
  hitler , looking at the poor guard , decides that it would be best that he informs the farmers , as he is the f\u00fchrer and nobody would beat him up like that . 
  a couple of minutes later the guard sees hitler running away , but not beaten . 
  the guard asks : `` did you tell them '' hitler replies `` i could n't , as they saw its me , they immediately started chasing me . 
  you have to tell them . '', 
  so the guard gets himself up and walks to to farmhouse thinking about a quick delivery to not get beaten up again . 
  hours go by , hitler sitting alone in the car and unable to check for his guard . 
  he worries and decided to drive away as the guard probably is dead by now . 
  but then he hears someone singing and chanting . 
  looking to the farm house , he sees his guard stumbling towards him , drunk as fuck with a huge basket full of food . 
  hitter asks : `` what did you do that it took so long ? '',
