  apparently they serve gl\u00fchwein instead of coffee in their office today . 
  - 10:16 some of the other office are already quiet a bit drunk , singing christmas songs in the lobby . 
  i 'm gon na try to convince them to sing the european anthem `` ode an die freude '' wish me luck . 
  - 11:10 i did not succeed , they not only did n't knew the text , but also were astound by the existence of such an anthem . 
  a sad day for an european :( atleast i grabbed some more cookies - 12:00 it 's time for the christmas market - 13:14 jingle bells jingle bells ... 
  i had two gl\u00fchweine , both made of italian wine , a debrzina sausage , marillenschnapps from austria and a french croissant with ( appeared to be ) vla . 
  now i 'm feeling really european . 
  and ready for some work , after the nap . . - 14:50 sooo , massive headache incoming from the wine infused sugar , browsing reddit without a reason . 
  occasionally someone from the other office comes in to get some coffee , as they realize that it was n't that great of an idea to switch coffee with gl\u00fchwein . 
  - 16:58 it got a bit busy the last two hours . 
  but nothing serious . 
  still at the office . 
  - 17:00 work ends punctual - 17:03 leaving the building , gon na haggle the price down on a christmas tree cause i lost a bet with the maintenance crew , so i ca n't take the company 's tree home with me . . : / merry christmas to y' all i hope you can enjoy it with your loved ones . 
  do n't let the turbulence in the world ruin it for you : - *, 
  you do n't remember your allies ? 
  why would you ? 
  barcelona has some fine social clubs . 
  pay for a year in advance and get the best stuff you 've ever had , plus nice conversations with locals and a chance to make friends, 
  hey it 's me , your friend, 
  compared to other states turkey is ( still ) a secular state . 
  if this will still be the case , only time will tell, 
  for real , i thought we are toxic here from time to time , but they . . 
  they are like biohazardous, 
  i got it throu ops post history, 
  just wanted to say that actually op does a cool thing . 
  op asked the question at askamerica too . 
  if you 'd like to compare their view on ours : https://np.reddit.com/r/askanamerican/comments/5jkarz/do_you_feel_the_usa_is_responsible_for_the/ but please , for the sake of what ever you worship , do n't brigade, 
  just wanted to add the german gladio group and the nsu , both right wings too, 
  your observations are n't wrong . 
  there are two things to consider : first , someone who agrees on a topic with the media outlet , will not necessarily comment on it . 
  most of the times a like/share button is enough for them . 
  second , those who comment are mostly familiar with what they are doing . 
  your grandma would n't comment on something because she never has . 
  but your uncle maybe would , even if he is not interested in the issue , because he knows how to do it , and feels comfortable doing it . 
  so the ones who comment are mostly doing it because it has become some kind of hobby . 
  then there is of course the agenda setting , like kremlin trolls or corporate accounts . 
  they will try to convince others on their behalf . 
  a comment section on a news site is a good point to catch people . 
  also most of those accounts are bots nowadays , they search for keywords and then comment a standard text which can be used multiple times if you change just some keywords . 
  example : a text about merkel , will atleast have one comment which says `` merkel muss weg '' ( merkel has to go ) . 
  it 's a simple parole , most people in the comment section would agree on it ( see first ) . 
  a text about [ insert country ] has atleast one comment criticizing the government of the county . 
  the text would go like : `` i am from [ country ] and i can tell you that it only got worse , the government has failed and if we [ insert country ] people wo n't stand up against it , we will be doomed '' that 's another easy phrase , in which most of the commenters would agree on it . 
  then the circlejerk begins and someone against the opinion stated in the comments , will get ignored , because `` ca n't you see how many agree on my stance '' sorry for the bad english and maybe confusing text, 
  [ ah , the sun ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dthns5nj3yw ), 
  look , read up about `` curveball '' or watch the doc about it . 
  the guy who gave the information was a known lier . 
  the u.s. 
  knew it . 
  but it did fit their plans . 
  here the german foreign minister ~ ~ right after powells story ~ ~ https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cpun-ym1szu, 
  i do not dispute that he was a really bad guy who has done really bad things to many people . 
  but , the lie in wmd in the un sec council told by powell still is a lie . 
  never in the entire duration of the war , has anything related to wmd been found . 
  to say that he transferred them and that he could have supplied terrorists is very disputable , and generally not agreed on in fp circles . 
  but even if there were wmd , and you found them , even then , the lack of a plan to rebuild iraq in a reasonable way would have brought us to the same point we are now at . 
  iraq is a failed state . 
  there are more terrorists now in the region then there would have been with saddam , or atleast a good rebuild plan . 
  not only in my opinion , but in the opinion of 95 % of the worlds leaders and populations , the usa bears the guilt of the enormous fucked up situation we have now . 
  also , the lie powell told at the sec council was a line crossing . 
  every semi totalitarian regime in the world now just can point at that exact moment and say : `` look , we are not worse then the u.s. '' this has been done on a regular basis over the last decade , leading the world into many conflicts . 
  i 'm not saying the u.s. population is guilty , they have been lied to too . 
  but bush and his administration certainly is to be blamed on the current fucked up situation in the world . 
  but they all knew that there was n't any thing they could slam on saddam . 
  the un inspectors have been touring the country for almost a year and have n't found anything . 
  they were even allowed into the secret bases . 
  also the french and german , but also russia and japan all told the us that there was no evidence of anything . 
  but , well the bush administration pushed forward and a nation under influence of the terrible happenings on 9/11 followed . . 
  powell admitted years ago , that the un briefing he gave , was n't his idea and that they told him they would give him good/clear evidence , i think he wanted to refuse to give this speech but as it was due in a couple of hours , he just accepted the `` comics '' and presented them as evidence . 
  could of course be bullshit on his side . 
  what you mean is tony blair , who admitted that the war was false and evidence not true etc. 
  but , to be honest , everyone of them is a liar . 
  they lied then , they will lie today , it 's in their mind to present themselves in a good way . 
  otherwise they would not have become politicians, 
  :d no no , although this is the historically most accurate similar union . 
  the eu states knew that the other mediterranean states would need some `` help '' to leverage themselves into an similar position as the eu states . 
  those countries were developed and had a solid society . 
  but they lacked certain possibilities . 
  the southern eu states wanted to help and everyone agreed upon the formation of such a union . 
  of course the southern eu states had the hope to have economic benefits out of it , many news outlets even reported that the eu could split into north and south , where the north would be trading with russia , the south with africa but all together to make the world a better place . 
  ah men those were the times . . :'(, 
  technically , the eu could include russia , turkey , georgia , armenia and kasachztan as well . 
  the rest would be up to negotiations . 
  in 2007 there was the idea and even a testy to form a `` second eu '' , the mediterranean union , including eu states and states from the au/mediterranean sea . 
  that did n't really work out , as most of the leaders from back then were killed or imprisoned . 
  you should get along if you do n't enjoy yourself too much , especially amsterdam can be a bit expensive . 
  you 'll most likely get lsd there , of course semi legal . 
  have fun and do n't swim in a graacht, 
  we all know that his teacher paged himself an uber to the enron building, 
  horvat sounds a bit like hubert, 
  ah thanks , did n't know that it already was in the 90s , could just remember that tchibo used it around 2007 , and the `` outcry '' about it where all agreed that using the term was n't a problem . 
  a jewish woman could have married an arian german before the nazis came to power . 
  by this , the german would have been considered a failure but both would have not been deported ( at least not till the end ) . 
  but a jewish man , or jewish kids had n't had the choice . 
  not too much , many nazis ended in high ranking positions after the war because the u.s. 
  needed someone against the communists . 
  also a lot of the 50s population did n't felt a lot of guilt , and denied taking part in the crimes . 
  there are certain phrases which the nazis misused like : `` jedem das seine '' ( `` everyone as he deserves '' ) . 
  this phrase has been around in many concentration camps . 
  but especially this sentence has been rehabilitated some years ago,
