  as a soldier you could get granted asylum in germany . 
  at the moment there is a case of 14 turkish soldiers who filed for asylum in kaiserslautern where they were stationed in a nato facility . 
  this just happened a month ago , so no outcome yet . 
  also i heard as a rumor that in 2003 with the beginning of the iraq war , some gis filed for asylum too . 
  as rumor goes they got it , but take that with a grain of salt . 
  sorry to hear about it , that sadly happens everywhere . 
  i hope the aggressor did n't got away with it, 
  getting the police called on us because we played on a playground and were not allowed to . 
  the rules stated clearly : only for kids from 4 to 12 , we were 15, 
  i think it should be legal . 
  people smoke it anyways , why not profit on it with a tax and the ability to control the abuse . 
  pretty much the same here . 
  there are some government backed credits thou , but only for special occasions . 
  the kfw bank ( state owned ) sponsors them , but they mainly focus on loans for businesses and startups, 
  immoscout24.de immonet.de immowelt.de for students : wg-gesucht . de for vacations : airbnb.com wimdu.de, 
  i 'd buy it where the staff has more knowledge on literature . 
  i like to get a recommendation for another book . 
  something amazon still does n't offer in the same way a well read person can . 
  i heard some germans just love thailand ... 
  cash is still the standard way of paying something in europe ( at least if it 's below 100 $ / # ) . 
  also our 1 or 2 euro coins , or the pound coins are pretty handy in many situations , like buying a bus or train ticket, 
  they were rather serious , but all sides agreed that it would be bad . 
  modern kaliningrad has absolutely nothing in common with the historical k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  the old city was destroyed , all inhabitants fled . 
  the new city was build in a soviet style and all modern day inhabitants are russians . 
  i think it would be a good thing if kaliningrad would have got independent post 1990, 
  take a look at the `` popakademie mannheim '' . 
  they specialized in pop music , which is in my understanding pretty much computer generated, 
  the big r\u00f6sti http://aht.seriouseats.com/images/20100105-mcd-bigrosti.jpg r\u00f6sti is originally a pancake made of potato ( i think every country has those ) but r\u00f6sti is the name of it in switzerland and southern germany . 
  it 's only available during the winter , which is fine , because you would die if you 'd try to eat it in summer . 
  too much `` energy '', 
  that 's why we invited the refugees / s, 
  r/the _ schulz is leaking brake fluids again, 
  syria was as developed as many parts of eastern europe ... 
  the people there had good jobs , drove mercedes and so on . 
  i assumed your religion just as you assumed that everyone of those who are here now are extreme muslims . 
  i 'm with you that there are way too many muslims with a skewed view on the world . 
  that 's definitely a problem . 
  but none that is relevant to germany ( or not that relevant ) because many of those here are n't that religious either . 
  i employ three refugees , they are willing to work . 
  of course they are not that happy because somebody told them they would have a golden life here , which is n't the case . 
  those who are not entitled to stay have to leave . 
  it 's a bit much now , but in 2 years there will probably only be 400.000 out of the one million who are still allowed to stay . 
  ok , so are you going to the church tonight and for the prayer tomorrow ? 
  do you follow your religion yourself ? 
  i think not , cause jesus teached about loving your next , something you do n't seem to follow edit : and further , how should anyone of them impose their view of the quran on anybody in germany , when we have 2 million perfectly integrated muslims here for decades ? 
  as i said , following the open border policies there was a spike in crime , back in 04 and the same goes for 15 . 
  i 'm not denying that there are criminals among them . 
  but most of them are not . 
  further , i did n't ask for articles ( definitely not for ones from 2014 ) but data . 
  and what about the sources on the religious values they want to impose on us ? 
  do you have any sources on your claims ? 
  please provide it . 
  and by the way , the crime rates spiked too when the border to eastern europe was opened ... 
  south-west germany / ~ ~ north east france ~ ~ _ spring _ a lovely and warm wind filled with the odor of flower blossoms and happiness , warm , not much rain and the sun can get really warm . 
  _ summer _ a lovely and warm wind filled with lots of water particles , which decide to to fall on the earth for as many days as possible . 
  in the meantime when there is no rain the sun burns down every organism . 
  leaving us with disastrous heat or spa/sauna like heat . 
  maybe even a couple of days below 10 degree celsius only to rush to 38 on the next day . 
  _ autumn _ a lovely and warm wind , filled with the odor of vineyards , vinegar and the forrest . 
  still very warm and pretty much no rain until late november . 
  the cold winds begin to start for a couple of days . 
  _ winter _ a lovely and warm wind filled with carbon dioxide emissions will prevent every flake of snow falling . 
  instead the temperature can climb up to 15 celsius . 
  so the flowers start to bloom mid january , only to die in february , because a cold front from russia is coming in . 
  but just for a few days . 
  sure ... i just finished playing de_dust with a refugee friend , the other day a girl convinced me to watch star wars again with her . 
  later on we met with one who is working for burger king , he jokingly said that he flipped burgers in syria , and so he does here too . 
  i know that not every one of them had an iphone or a mercedes before the war and there are some cray crays beneath them . 
  but a lot of them actually did enjoy the globalized culture just as we did . 
  yea , how shall we stop them ? 
  do you have any solid solution ? 
  or just words . . 
  well it 's not always just a mouse click to solve a problem . 
  they are humans after all , and i know that not all of them came here due to economic reasons . 
  some of them really have to fear for their existence . . 
  true , but most of them have to leave again according to law . 
  speaking for germany : even the syrians are not allowed to stay forever here . 
  we had a similar situation with refugees from the balkans . 
  many had learned the language , integrated themselves well and were a part of the society . 
  nonetheless , our state decided that a lot of them had to return back because the thread was over . 
  in my opinion that 's an unfair system ( cause why sending someone to a country who does n't even speak the local language ) , but you ca n't do much against it . 
  they should really consider to postpone both to 2017 . . 
  to add : most places do have bathrooms for men , woman and disabled/special aid . 
  some offer a room for mothers with kids . 
  i even saw one only for pensioners, 
  not necessarily , the eu has the ultimate power on some fields , but the member states have the absolute sovereignty over the majority of issues . 
  and statehood ( like flag or anthem ) is one of them . 
  others are ; fiscal policies , economic policies , military , schools , university 's etc. 
  the eu parliament has the ability to decide on certain special cases . 
  but then it has to pass the commission which is a round table of the heads of member states , so there is the states sovereign again in the decision process . 
  basically the idea of the eu was to ease some processes which benefit all . 
  like environment , fishing and agriculture if any mistake : sorry , please correct me, 
  they opened some `` churches '' , the most known is in berlin , which is a nice building , judging by the architecture . 
  but our state revoked their status as a church three years ago . 
  so now they have to present themselves as a company , pay taxes and get regular visits from the police and law enforcement . 
  addendum : afaik they were active in germany pretty early because some gis brought their new `` religion '' with them , and convinced germans to participate . 
  if you want to know it exactly , then europe is just a fucking peninsular of asia . 
  germany banned the communists party in 1954 . 
  but only 1962 the successors of the nsdap ( hitlers party ) .
