you 're not wrong . 
  * southern * alaska, 
  can we just ignore everything and take a look at trumps `` very bad '' vocabulary ? 
  i was more eloquent when i was 5 , ffs . 
  i guess your speech level has to be understood by the lowest common denominator . 
  yes , but health coverage can be attained through an employer , which drastically lowers your out-of-pocket costs . 
  if you have a good paying job with good benefits and coverage , you can likely still come out ahead . 
  if you are working a low-wage job with minimal benefits , you probably want to stay in europe , especially if you have pre-existing conditions . 
  elt + james webb space telescope = cool pictures incoming, 
  there are probably more food establishments in the u.s. than there are people in estonia . 
  maybe you should actually try a good one before making up your mind . 
  found the person who has never had good brisket or baby-back ribs . 
  if it makes you feel better , my mom is currently saving up to go to europe , and her wishlist is at least 40 % italy . 
  honestly , it probably depends on what coast you live on . 
  the u.s. west coast has a large east asian immigrant population ( as does western canada ) . 
  the cultural influences ( from japan , south korea , china , philippines , vietnam , etc. ), 
  are definitely infused to some degree . 
  i would pick japan . 
  no offense :d, 
  if a canadian ever gets elected , the end is upon us . 
  i have to maintain hope that people are n't gullible/unintelligent enough to re-elect donald . 
  a lot of republicans genuinely think he makes the u.s. look stronger . 
  we 'll see how long that lasts . 
  i was n't trying to insult the rock . 
  there was a story going around about him running in 2020 . 
  i was trying to be optimistic about electing a sentient orange last year . 
  yeah , i do n't think the republican party will sniff the white house in 2020 at the rate trump is going . 
  if they support trump for a run at term # 2 , they will be fucked . 
  i doubt they will do it . 
  the good new is we will get dwayne `` the rock '' johnson after trump 's term . 
  seriously though , the silver lining is that our next president ca n't possibly be as genuinely stupid . 
  they like him because he says/said what they want to hear . 
  `` build the wall !!!! '', 
  `` america first !!!, 
  get our jobs back !!!, 
  screw business regulations !!! '', 
  `` we need to give religion more say in america !! '', 
  * barf * just to name a few . 
  maybe the muslims erdogan is referring to arrived a day before columbus . 
  my theory is just as likely as his . 
  so muslims were responsible for giving native americans their death sentences via disease . 
  i do n't think he fully thought this claim through . 
   ethical gun owners would have turned in their weapons by step 2 . 
  unethical ones - escalate misdemeanours to life imprisonment without possibility of parole if a gun is involved . 
  in that scenario , ethical people will be disarmed , while unethical will not be . 
  the vast majority of gun owners do n't commit misdemeanors where a gun could possibly be involved , so i do n't see that being an issue for most `` unethical '' gun owners in your scenario . 
  i can see the benefit of giving people a good reason ( $ $ ) to forfeit their weapons . 
  for example , situations like the sandy hook shooting are nearly impossible if a lot of gun owners forfeit their weapons . 
  accidents would also go down significantly . 
  but we do n't outlaw cars just because they kill so many people . 
   sure . 
  first , offer a buy-back period . 
  next , make it mandatory . 
  finally , arrest anyone who owns a firearm without special permission . 
  annnnnnnnnnd ... how the hell do you propose that happens ? 
  go door to door , illegally searching every home in america ? 
  good luck with that , mate . 
  like i said , it 's far too late to physically take guns away from gun owners . 
  it 's not practical . 
   yes , but that 's a problem with americans , not with confiscating guns . 
  and the swiss , by your logic . 
  go tell someone from switzerland that they have to give you all their guns . 
   illegalise all sales of ammunition in the us . 
  you have to realize , illegal things do n't have much difficulty becoming readily available . 
  back in the 1920 's ( in the u.s. ) , alcohol was illegal for a time . 
  needless to say , making it illegal did n't do shit to actually prevent people from getting it . 
  yeah , erdogan was probably employing the tactics while trump was still a clinton supporter in 2008 . 
  where have i seen this before ... hmmm ... ca n't seem to recall . 
  what 's your suggestion to round up 500 million firearms ? 
  the gov ' t ca n't just take them , plus , there would have to be reimbursement . 
  i do n't think many gun owners would go along with a move like this . 
  to make it even more fun , good luck collecting illegally owned/obtained firearms . 
  the absolute best-case scenario is legal owners sell their guns to the gov ` t , and illegal owners keep them , since , ya know , they obtained them through illegal means . 
  what 's your plan ? 
  you ca n't just suggest something as black and white as a gun ban without also suggesting a reasonable plan to actually carry it out . 
  well , the u.s. is well past that potential solution . 
   letting people own guns because guns are common anyway makes it a vicious circle . 
  if a person is willing to burglarize your home , chances are he/she wo n't mind carrying a firearm with them , legal or otherwise . 
  at this point , it 's impossible to physically remove all guns from civilian possession . 
  we could make it illegal to own a gun . 
  but i do n't think a burglar would care much for the law . 
  that specific story you linked to is a perfect example of all parties handing a situation poorly . 
  either the cops were incompetent and did n't communicate the fact that they were cops , or the homeowners were trigger happy idiots ; or potentially a mix . 
  i did n't say that you should shoot an intruder on sight . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  but you should n't assume an intruder is unarmed . 
  how could you possibly know that the burglar is unarmed ? 
  in any country where guns are common , it 's very foolish assume a burglar is n't armed . 
   it has made denying climate change acceptable . 
  that was already acceptable among conservative groups . 
  trump is a reaction . 
  he will be gone in 4 years or less . 
  if only because 4 years is a lot of dead seniors and a lot of new voters , and trump did n't do well with young voters , for the most part . 
  trump will be gone in less than 4 years . 
  i will be shocked if the republican party stands by trump for re-election , and i will also be shocked if a republican sniffs the white house in 2020 . 
  trump caused an exodus from what was the republican party . 
  i know several people that left , and my own republican parents wrote-in a different candidate . 
  from my perspective , the republican party killed itself with the younger generation , so it 's only a matter of time until there will be a new party , or several . 
  keep in mind that more people voted against trump in the election than for him . 
  trump 's campaign outmaneuvered hillary 's in the electoral college vote count , not the total vote count .
