or maybe we 're just a bunch of dorks who like the eu . 
  given the multilingual pan european crowd it 's not surprising that many support the union as many here live or have lived abroad . 
  we also do get eu politicians here so it attracts that kind of group . 
  though mention russia or islam , oh boy, 
  i think we should split off and truely become a free city again . 
  denmark can have sh but not altona sorry . 
  we 'll become the singapore of europe . 
  old ferdi , never forget . 
  confederation of the danube !, 
  it 's a weird place . 
  have n't they built more since good friday ? 
  trade for kosovo ? 
  good deal . 
  i believe it is called non lethal aid . 
  it reminds me a lot of the scottish referendum . 
  it sounds like those guys regret it . 
  i mean according to the article some of them were basically press ganged by isis from rival rebel groups . 
  to weaken isis it would be a good idea to create incentives for them to leave . 
  undermine them from within , gain intelligence . 
  that sounds actually pretty cool . 
  it 's controversial though ? 
  how is it run ? 
  why are they so shit ? 
  i actually like die zeit but the comments are straight out if / r/conspiracy, 
  russian banya is glorious, 
  seriously ? 
  roma people live in ghettos all over europe and get randomly attacked with no consequences and you think they are privileged ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  this sub constantly hates on roma . 
  just for once the racists are being downvoted, 
  well top gear is one of the most famous tv shows in the world and made in britain . 
  and you know interesting story . 
  clarkson 's plate is h 982 fkl . 
  so 1982 falklands . 
  bit provocative but i doubt they expected that reaction . 
  hammond and may 's are probably coincidence though . 
  why would they pick numbers somewhat close to the casualty numbers ? 
  but what do i know . 
  how does that make sense though ? 
  women are n't a monolithic block, 
  to be fair people all over europe look down on the roma . 
  but i agree that xenophobia is more present and obvious in the east . 
  i mean he was dictator of germany for 12 years , of course he visited some castles . 
  the nobility were still a big deal then . 
  seriously , neuk\u00f6lln or the banlieu are n't apartheid south africa . 
  that 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  maybe if the did n't hate and fear them we 'd see less people running off to war . 
  you 're blaming the victim . 
  why are n't you calling out the violent homophobes who are attacking the people who are trying to peacefully demonstrate . 
  that 's only a new phenomenon . 
  the west was homphobic too until lgbt people and their allies started [ demanding rights ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stonewall_riots ) . 
  they had to fight to get where we are today and it was n't a cakewalk . 
  well being tolerant and enforcing anti-discriminatory policies is very good for an economy - look at the huge amount of women who work in western nations and hence generate tax instead of just staying home . 
  in my home town it 's a huge tourist attraction that brings thousands of people to the city . 
  it only costs a lot when police have to run around arresting homophobes . 
  that 's not the gay people 's fault . 
  no , countries with large pride parades tend to be less homophobic , not more . 
  look at canada , netherlands , denmark , uk etc. 
  unlike russia or jamaica . 
  if you do n't like gay people that 's your problem but stop trying to shove it in their shoes . 
  because historically sexual minorities have been heavily discriminated against . 
  and still are . 
  if you are hetero no one cares but people absolutely single out queer people . 
  just recently a german activist was hospitalized in serbia . 
  look at places like uganda trying to criminalize it . 
  it 's a serious issue , you ca n't just handwave it because it does n't affect you . 
  the status quo is n't acceptable and pride is a way to raise awareness . 
  well if i was gay i 'd rather live in estonia than ussr so why would n't i fly a rainbow flag to express that ? 
  are you seriously comparing a hate group to the gay rights movement ? 
  you 're the one who does n't want lgbt people to express themselves , you 'd find a lot of common ground with the wbc . 
  well it does n't have to be if you are able to walk around with a rainbow flag during independence day say . 
  but if you walked around belgrade with such a flag on the anniversary of the kosovo battle , you 're in trouble . 
  every other parade is straight pride . 
  heterosexuality is seen as the norm so you just do n't notice it . 
  but one day a year queer folk have a party and people like you crawl out of the woodwork criticising them for daring to stand out and making you confront your prejudice, 
  i 've generally found the german coverage to be quite level headed . 
  compared to russian or us sources . 
  they are also our only hope for a more sane russia, 
  it 's complicated i 'd say . 
  famines are usually driven by incompetence and economics . 
  or warfare . 
  it 's hard to attribute blame . 
  the economy sucks and the government tends to autocracy . 
  not so great . 
  i think especially the fear of them and by extension all muslim immigrants has caused a lot of hatred . 
  people marginalize muslim communities , which groups like isis thrive on . 
  it 's just because mohammed is super popular amongst muslim families so it gets overrepresented, 
  combine that with higher inflation , shitty infrastructure , brain drain and capital flight , plus an economy based on oil and gas . 
  the periodic talk of modernisation has n't lead to much . 
  when i was in russia most of the nice modern stuff was mostly for the upper class , like fancy shopping centres and yacht clubs . 
  it 's not a recipe for growth . 
  it 's also pretty clear who he is assigning blame to here . 
  the economy is currently putin 's achilles heel . 
  i 'm beginning to like kudrin more and more . 
  agreed . 
  also macedonia is a diverse country with multiple languages and religions . 
  stop trying to put everyone into convenient boxes people, 
  so when was n't it corrupted ? 
  before peter 's reforms ? 
  under the mongols,
