and how is it controlled how much money gets printed ? 
  no , a quarter of all 500 $ bills are in spain : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/500_euro_note#crime, 
  private companies printing money . 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  can someone explain how this works out ? 
  would have expected a greater overlap between poland and germany . 
  even switzerland and spain have a greater overlap . 
  ( though it could be because of a small sample size ), 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denazification basicly they did the not so hard cases first and then lost interest in denazification . 
  the case of klaas carel faber seems a bit complicated . 
  he could n't be extradited to the netherlands because of his german citizenship and could n't be persecuted in germany because the netherlands did n't share their evidence . 
  ( at least that 's what wikipedia says ), 
   i think there should be an eu body protecting the border of the eu yes please and also stop the attacks on schengen, 
  also the same in germany, 
  maybe you mean arte which is a french and german station . 
   any new language is hard , but some are more difficult to learn than other languages . 
  `` subjective motivation connected to the status of the language '' does n't make the 4 writing systems and isolated status of japanese go away  literally all germans say english is an `` easy , simplistic language '' , maybe because it is one of the most easy languages to learn as a german ? 
   the average german student speaks english worse than the worst integrated gastarbeiter speaks german . 
  maybe that 's because english plays absolutely no role in everyday life in germany , but german does ? 
  i doubt that every media is dubbed/translated into bulgarian in bulgaria . 
   having said that during the cold war anything russian became `` the enemy '' , and western europeans generally ignore anything culturally eastern european - that is the reason russian has no chance . 
  on the other hand the cold war also was the reason russian became so important in eastern europe . 
  austerity in germany ? 
  where ? 
  according to google bavarians are n't german . 
  somehow the allies must have mixed them up . 
  we franconians are dodal erodisch ( totally erotic ) according to google :d, 
  i do n't really care . 
  politicians should get enough money from being politicians and should n't need other involvements , which i find way more problematic . 
  why ca n't we just stop this whole this land was ours bullshit already , and start accepting the right to stay were you live ? 
  and it has been 0.354 l in austria . 
  that 's 15 % percent less . 
  that 's even worse than the 12 % the pint would be missing . 
  how could you bear that ? 
  just order your beer in pounds then you 'll get more than you asked for ( you get 0.5 kg instead of 0.45 kg if you ask for a pound in germany ) seriously , a pint being smaller does n't automaticly mean that beer gets more expensive . 
  also if i gave you a glass with beer in it , you would n't be able to tell me if its 500ml or 568ml . 
  also words have different meanings , especially old units . 
  even in the uk pint had different meanings before it was standardized . 
  oh come on . 
  the seidla here was 0.535 l in the past and now is 0.5 l. 
  those 68ml do n't really matter . 
  i always had the impression that people from the former gdr were more easy with nudity and i never heard that the government of the gdr oppressed nudity, 
  why facebook links ? 
  s/europe/the eu /, 
  i know that it 's very problematic , but i think growing population is even more problematic and even the status quo is problematic . 
  for example the european union is the largest importer of food . 
  we 're in a fucked up situation . 
  i think we have to work closely together with japan where the decline of the people is even faster . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vision_zero on the other hand , fatalities have also decreased in other european countries . 
  does n't work here : /, 
  that 's a good thing . 
  big parts of europe are overpopulated . 
  the only problem with it is that our society is still based on growth . 
  playmobil wo n't like that . 
  they already made a big thing out of using playmobil figures for the pirate party . 
  i hope it 's just because of the election campaign and will be dropped later, 
  it really depends on how you ask : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_europe#eurobarometer_poll_2005, 
  because of such laws we ca n't call our marmelade that is n't made out of citrus fruits marmelade : /, 
  the best things come in threes . 
  you mean switzerland that already gets ~ ~ it 's ~ ~ its laws dictated by the eu ? 
  afair germany tried that once with the german language . 
  it was a disaster . 
  the pirate party is n't for abolishment of copyright but reform . 
  same for patents . 
  just go over to / r/programming and ask what they think of patents . 
  what i can remember from latin class is that you were n't a roman citizen if you lived in the annexed parts and i think the countries were exploited . 
  but i 'm not really sure . 
  colony of the roman empire : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:romanempiretrajan117ad.png, 
  most of europe also should be blue . 
  there are also lot 's of shitty names in europe . 
  just look at all the neustadt in germany . 
  there are several small villages around here with the same name as villages around 50km away or even after big cities . 
   but many claim the germans perfected them what ? 
  the problem is n't that you will get persecuted because of such silly laws . 
  that probably wo n't happen . 
  the problem is when you 're already an suspect and they ca n't prove the crime they will use such laws . 
  i guess you will be suprised to hear that i 'm from franconia . 
   there is no reason why a national democratic online system can not be created . 
  there is . 
  computers are very bad at keeping elections at todays standards . 
  election machines are even ruled as unconstitutional here in germany . 
   mein kampf is banned in some countries , including germany , where the state of bavaria has copyrighted the book . 
  only until the first january of 2016 . 
  i 'm interested what they 'll do then . 
  the situation is n't as simple as it looks like . 
  for example in the northwest you have the de-facto independent somaliland that wants to stay independent, 
  look at the upper arm of the guy wearing lederhosen, 
  since when do belgians wear lederhosen ? 
  to me all those letters with diacritics both in the lithuanian alphabet and the polish alphabet look funny , just as \u00e4\u00f6\u00fc and especially \u00df will most likely look funny to you . 
  taking people their names away is n't funny . 
  that 's different . 
  w is part of the latin alphabet . 
  transscribing a latin based alphabet into a different latin based alphabet is just silly . 
  the name of the current minister of defence in germany is thomas de maizi\u00e8re . 
  imo people being able to speak english is something you should be able to expect . 
  if there are tourists here in germany , i do n't expect them to speak german if they want to communicate with locals . 
  but i expect them to speak english . 
  the french seem to me to be very proud of their language . 
  that 's wrong . 
  we 're just as responsible as greece .
