  what about manorial courts ? 
  ca n't have serfdom without manorial courts . 
  more like hovedstan , amirite ? 
  it 's actually the secret `` go ! '', 
  order . 
   kauderwelsch wot is dis, 
  in terms of modern russia army vs. modern taliban or other afghan insurgents , the russians have several advantages america did n't . 
  america had to support karzai 's sham , weak government to keep up the image of bringing democracy . 
  russia instead would install a strongman like kadyrov who 'd deploy death squads and paramilitaries ( fight asymmetric warfare with asymmetric warfare ) . 
  on that note , as we 've seen in ukraine , russia is really good at instigating asymmetric and partisan war . 
  combined with technological advances and russian disregard for civilian casualties , the afghan resistance would eventually just break because they 're all dead . 
  basically , the central problem with the soviet-afghan war was the weakness of the afghan regime the soviets installed and the afghan regime 's army . 
  modern russia would make sure afghans kill as many afghans as possible . 
   the west is just as corrupt , aggressive , and despotic as russia . 
  we are the pot calling the kettle black . 
  what ? 
  how often do you pay bribes ? 
  like literally pay actual bribes to get paper work filed and completed . 
  how often are your votes blatantly rigged ? 
  how many journalists are murdered in your country ? 
  how long has your leader reigned ? 
  does he personally own large shares of state-owned corporations ? 
  does the state literally own all the major media and news networks in your country ? 
  i mean shit , i 'll give you aggressive . 
  but as corrupt and despotic as russia ? 
  no way in hell is any country in the west as corrupt and despotic as russia . 
  in the context of russia , there 's the term [ prometheism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prometheism ) - the idea that russia ought to be dismantled down to its russian core for security in eastern europe . 
  but the likelihood of russia balkanizing , no way . 
  ethnic russians are still a majority and the russian army would crush any separatist movements entirely second chechen war style . 
  russia is pretty good at dealing with insurgencies . 
  * terrorists could linger , but terrorism is amazingly ineffective in achieving policy goals . 
  * the modern russian army could probably pacify afghanistan where the soviets failed . 
  publicly supporting the dismantlement of the russian state would do wonders for bilateral relations . 
  those are n't emiratis , they are n't citizens . 
  they are n't even immigrants , they 're guest-workers . 
  eh , emiratis i 've met seem by and large either apathetic or satisfied with their government . 
  massively increased living standards within a few decades puts a damper on public rage . 
   15 per cent of of girls under 16 are thought to become pregnant every year that would certainly be interesting , would n't it ? 
  britain would probably hit hong kong levels of population density within a decade if it were true . 
  yeah i see , holy shit , i reposted to that thread this is major , he basically gave up, 
  holy shit , did putin just give up ? 
  did getting booed at eurovision change his mind !? 
  edit : this was my post in the old thread of literally a few minutes ago before this according to this , he talked to the osce about wanting to find a solution . 
  i would n't be surprised if putin miscalculated and the situation 's escalated further than he anticipated . 
  the odessa fire and the current military operations was/are the perfect casus belli if he wanted to invade ukraine , but he did n't do it . 
  now he 's stuck in a situation where his own rhetoric is going to force him to invade sooner or later . 
  but if his intent was n't the current level of violence in ukraine , i 'm not sure what he was expecting when he stirred this shit up . 
  that it would stay low intensity indefinitely ? 
   there were townships in france until the late 70s , what do you mean by township in this context ? 
  in america , a township is just way of dividing up local administration . 
   many greeks contributing in the war only spoke languages such as albanian those were the arvanites , and they had the geographical advantage of actually living in greece . 
  maybe if r\u00f6hm had had his way ? 
  nope , went to public school ( in ` murica this means state-funded ) for my primary , secondary , and university education . 
   but americans can give the appearance of associating the modern peoples with what their cultures were rather than are , which can cause offence . 
  that sort of argument i could understand , but it 's not the argument presented in this thread by those decrying american practice . 
  looking again at the celtic nations of britain , their cultures have changed , true , but the ethnic identity of those lands is entirely dependent on ancestry and the recentness or incompleteness of assimilation . 
  cumbrian identity is extinct because they were assimilated by the english earlier than the other celtic groups , before any sort of national consciousness could develop to preserve it . 
  in terms of distinctiveness , a guy from cumbria has as much in common with a londoner as a corn does , yet the former identifies as a englishman and the latter as a corn . 
  and it 's entirely for arbitrary reasons . 
  yet , those arbitrary reasons are taken as acceptable cause for ethnic affiliation , while an american 's claim of identity or affiliation on ancestral grounds is seen as absurd . 
  on what basis is one reasonable and other absurd ? 
  further , as i raise in my initial post , why does does this sort of argument vis a vis american ethnic identity seem to be restricted to europe ? 
  as noted , asian countries do * not * care what various asian-americans call themselves . 
  i really do think it 's an outgrowth of the nation-state and the binding of identity with political status . 
  but to take this a bit further to a well-known example - were the volksdeutsche german or not ? 
  or were they czech , russian , hungarian , romanian and russian ? 
   what we do n't get is how you equate your belonging to a country to your origins rather than your culture . 
  how much of original irish , scottish or welsh culture has survived ? 
  their languages are nearly dead and their distinctive cultural traditions have been more or less quashed . 
  or even the corns as a more extreme example - they 're indistinguishable from the english . 
  those identities exist almost entirely on the precepts of heritage and a few cultural left-overs , no different from most louisiana cajuns or creoles who ca n't speak french , but use the occasional word and have their cuisine . 
  it 's just an ethnic self-identification based on ancestry . 
  as to why we consider ancestry to be more important the culture - it goes back to how american society integrates immigrants . 
  almost every wave of immigrants is endogamous and clannish for the first few generations before they begin to marry outside their grouping . 
  but the culture itself is lost almost immediately by the first generation born in the country . 
  i 've never understood europeans mocking american ethnic claims . 
  especially since these ethnic heritages can be really important . 
  i 'm from rural-ish pennsylvania , and people are still sorta clannish around ethnic lines . 
  there 's a town nearby that 's populated entirely by lithuanian-americans , and they identify strongly as lithuanians . 
  so do all the italian-americans i know , some of whom speak italian still . 
  there 's lots of poles around here too , who always cook ethnic cuisine for local festivals . 
  side example , i 'm an american of kashmiri ancestry . 
  i tell people i 'm kashmiri . 
  i 've met people from kashmir . 
  no one has ever told me i 'm not kashmiri because i was n't born in kashmir or i ca n't speak kashmiri . 
  kashmiris from kashmir have never said that to me . 
  in fact , i 've had a kashmiri dude tell me i 'm more kashmiri than he is , since his family is pashtun rather than ethnic kashmiri , though he was actually born and raised in kashmir . 
  similarly , i 've known chinese - , vietnamese - , indian - , pakistani-americans all of whom identify with their ancestral ethnicity , and never receive mockery from their ancestral homelands . 
  does the concept of ethnicity suddenly not exist in europe ? 
  i guess it 's weakened heavily by the concept of a nation-state . 
  by binding the concept of nation ( ethnicity ) so strongly with the state , you 've got the side effect of equating ethnicity to citizenship . 
  edit : holy crap -6 . 
  what did i say that was so offensive ? 
  that 's a lot of stuff . 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reunification_of_romania_and_moldova#public_opinion ) , most romanians want moldova in romania , but most moldovans do n't . 
  my cousins did that . 
   ( or better yet , the next 10 american states ) it has less people than california . 
  it 'd make like 3 or 4 states tops . 
  yeah , the poll represents a pretty mixed picture . 
  well , this is actually a flaw of authoritarian systems .
