afaik , there 's still powerful crime syndicates in southern italy , there was an article this year that said their contributions to italy 's economy was tens of billions of dollars . 
  even if the sicilian mafia is weaker , there 's other syndicates . 
  how 's the mob presence in uk ? 
  any chance of the mob coming along like they did in the us , or are these mainly north/central italians ? 
  based on my knowledge of victoria ii , it 's because they have such high revanchism . 
  yeah , french nationalism was a top-down affair created by the state as it centralized , like the opposite of german nationalism which was a bottom-up affair of the bourgeois ( who were interested most in a common market ) and intellectuals who promoted a german identity over regional identity and allegiances ( and which bismark managed to co-opt brilliantly ) . 
   actively dislikes the kurds turkey loves iraqi kurdistan and , according to reports earlier this year , has given iraqi kurdistan its backing if/when they decide to declare independence . 
  turkey has a particular dislike for the pkk and its affiliated groups . 
  but the kobani situation is a bit more than just a dislike for the pkk and its affiliates . 
  the turks do not want to go into syria unless they 're part of an operation to attack assad . 
  the us wants turkey to attack isis only and not broaden the mission . 
  that 's the fundamental disagreement right now . 
  the sinister-side to this is that the turkish gov ' t might want to turn syria into a protectorate . 
  regardless , obama does n't want to get directly involved in the battle to unseat assad . 
  so the turks are refusing to move-in . 
  if obama caves in to pressure from the turks ( and from members of his own administration ) to begin directly bombing assad and establishing a no-fly zone over syria , the turks will provide ground-troops . 
  but that 's their leverage atm . 
  yet your birthrate was so low in the 19th and early 20th century that even the socialists supported bans on abortion . 
  i got ta say , the crazy old dude speaks so slowly and enunciates so well that i can understand him pretty well despite my meager german . 
  he should 've gotten a job doing audio-textbooks . 
  the greeks called themselves rhomaioi up until the establish of greece . 
  but , iirc , it was n't ethnic so much as ethnoreligious . 
  greeks who converted to islam were called turks , even if they spoke greek . 
  well with the structures on the acropolis , it 's a weird situation where most of them were in continuous use from antiquity right up until greek independence . 
  the greek nationalists ( and especially the more romantic of their western european supporters ) abjured everything post-antiquity as ` not actually greek ' . 
  so for them , the acropolis in ruins is a symbol or monument to antique hellenic glory . 
  they wanted that break in continuity to distinguish themselves from their medieval and early modern past . 
  they 've posted this video before and it 's been linked here before . 
  but this video was uploaded yesterday . 
  did comedy central nuke the video the first time around because the comments got insane ? 
   ... it 's an overcrowded ... its population (  800k ) seems ridiculously high for its size . 
  what if the sub is trying to defect ? 
  [ cue music . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yet41byqbge ), 
  the problem even if russia managed to transition back into autarky , which is unlikely unless putin decides to start implementing 5-year plans , is that when the sanctions fall , those industries would collapse , since they would n't be competitive on international markets . 
  i was thinking it might be a member of the companions . 
  the alleged tomb of phillip ii ( it 's got strong circumstantial evidence to be fair ) is like , really small , honestly . 
  like pitifully small for a king . 
  although , i do recall alexander asked that a larger tomb for his father be built in his will , but it never happened , so i guess that explains that . 
  this tomb is larger than phillip 's . 
  it might be alexander 's brother 's tomb . 
  or maybe even one of the companions . 
  i could easily see it belonging to hephaestion . 
  he died in babylonia , but could be his body was returned to macedonia . 
   whole royal house that 's the problem . 
  bourbons are all crap . 
  ought to import yourselves some new habsburgs . 
  it 's clearly a joke based on the headlines of islamic interest groups getting school curriculum changed in portions of the uk . 
  not exactly good stuff but sensationalist headlines have been saying things like british schools are training jihadis now . 
  people need to keep up with the news . 
  so , is erdogan gon na annex damascus and baghdad and declare himself sultan ? 
  i remember reading a story last year that they were downsizing rt in anticipation of closing it down . 
  i guess they changed their mind ? 
  what would they call it ? 
  spain-catalonia does n't make sense , since catalonia is an integral part of the entity known as ` spain ' , right ? 
  so if you give one region prominence , they all have to have it . 
   is likely to take the dispute to the country 's constitutional court . 
  so if the spanish legal system declares the referendum illegal and catalonia still goes ahead , will the local police side with the catalonian gov ' t or with the national gov ' t and try to shut it down ? 
  what any national law enforcement agencies , could they be called in ? 
  and if catalonia manages to hold its referendum and declare independence , will any other regions follow ? 
  what 's the situation in basque country these days ? 
   pudin han - pudo 's inn did a guy named pudo run an inn there at some point ? 
   but `` south '' is `` etel\u00e4 '' , and i do n't think it has anything to do with arya ( unless the word used to be different ) . 
  south in sami , not in finnish , according to the book . 
  maybe i got it backwards ? 
  i know one group favors one and another group favors the other . 
   ie languages have many common elements with sanskrit and other asian tongues , this may not be a proof of their origin but it is a strong indication . 
  sanskrit is an ie language . 
  the other branch of ie languages in asia is iranian . 
  there used to be tocharian in modern xinjiang , but that 's extinct . 
  most linguists favor an anatolian origin for the indo-european languages , while anthropologists and geneticists think it 's the black sea coast in modern ukraine . 
   finnish and sami are also ancient languages that have been around forever . 
  [ there 's evidence that the finno-ugric peoples displaced indo-europeans who were living in finland and estonia . 
  ] ( http://dienekes.blogspot.com/2014/08/indo-europeans-preceded-finno-ugrians.html ) moreover , in the book horse , wheel and language , the author points out that the sami/finnic word for `` south '' and `` slave '' respectively is derived from `` aryan '' e.g. 
  it 's ` orja ' in finnish apparently . 
  the author takes it as evidence that the ancestors of the finns and sami lived to the north of the aryans past the urals ( and relations were n't good ) , and that means they were still living past the urals after the aryans differentiated from other indo-europeans i.e. 
  the ie speakers had already expanded into europe at that point . 
   albanians having square skulls innerestin ` ly , squarehead was a derogatory term in america for swedes and what not . 
  features in deadwood . 
  on the bright side , i guess reddit wo n't be flooded with braveheart memes tomorrow . 
   gaivota [ 2 ] , sings about lisbon and other recurring themes in fado such as love and saudade . 
  sounds like arab music , o-o [ e.g ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjzogdffdzs ) . 
  \\ - pericles, 
  she 's from an illegitimate branch of the house of stuart . 
  bastards ca n't inherit !, 
  they have not . 
  they have publicly stated that they * will * approve airstrikes if they are asked . 
  but the us is not going to ask the syrian gov ` t , since we do n't currently diplomatically recognize them as the legitimate gov ' t of syria . 
  our approved syrian gov ' t is the opposition syrian national council . 
   orthodox church has always been subservient to the state . 
  right ? 
  that 's the whole idea behind caesaro-papism . 
  catholic church broke free of byzantium with charlemagne and established its independence , but the orthodox church was a state organ . 
  it 's so obvious now . 
  scotland declares independence , the ancien r\u00e9gime is restored , the auld alliance is restored . 
  scots and french invade and conquer england and divide it between the two . 
  it 's serious , but russia is n't as powerful as the ussr was . 
  the cold war was a battle for influence across the globe . 
  russia simply ca n't project influence on the scale that the ussr could . 
  the chinese can - and are in africa and are attempting to establish hegemony in east asia .
