  yet , tensions between the us and china are pretty low , since the ideological component is n't there . 
  people might call renewed cool diplomatic relationships between russia and the west a second cold war , but they are n't really comparable . 
  the bigger issue from the ukraine-russia conflict is that a great power decided to invade a neighbor solely to take territory and re-establish itself as the dominant partner in their relationship . 
  it 's archaic , imperialistic 19th century behavior . 
  the worry is that if the world demonstrates it wo n't respond effectively a great power acting in this manner , it might encourage the chinese send troops and occupy all those tiny , uninhabited islands in the pacific ( and other powers to do something similar ) . 
  it looks almost like an oval . 
  countries should n't be egg-shaped . 
  germany 's borders were utterly disgusting . 
  no african gov ' t in the west african region has the administrative framework ( there needs to be officials tasked with penalizing families who go over the limit after all ) or popular legitimacy to enforce population control like china , or even india 's half-assed attempts in the 80s . 
  popular legitimacy is the most important part . 
  most africans feel alienated from their governments and do n't trust them at all ( see the ebola outbreak ) . 
  without legitimacy , they 'd just riot and kill anyone trying to attempt enforcement . 
  i always thought that russian spec-ops would assist the rebels with expertise and material and that a conventional invasion with a declaration of war would either follow at some point or russia would cease supporting the rebels . 
  however , i guess russia is instead going to do this weird , slow percolation of troops and armor into ukraine . 
  what advantage does this strategy have over invasion ? 
  surely an outright invasion in support of the d and l prs would have the great advantage of air power ? 
  and it 's not as if world condemnation is n't going to be incoming for this bullshit , right ? 
  this middle-path between overt invasion and rebel-support-supply-logistics confuses me . 
  is it some sort of internal russian gov ' t compromise ? 
   but i ca n't think of any way that many of his reforms could have been implemented without causing some chaos . 
  well , gorbachev 's problem was that he he instituted political reform alongside economic reform . 
  china only did economic reform and did n't collapse . 
  china has also slowly allowed more and more free speech to the point where you can criticize party officials and policy , at least on the local level , just not the party as an institution itself . 
  and china 's great firewall is kinda crappy in its effectiveness in silencing free speech online , for the technologically-literate , at least . 
  chinese communist party is still relatively authoritarian and repressive , but they 've managed to reduce popular discontent to the point that their rule is n't in any danger at the moment . 
  it also helps that they were willing to use force to crush the tiananmen protests , where gorbachev was n't . 
   have you considered invading another country to impress the americans ? 
  they tried algeria and vietnam . 
  we were n't impressed . 
  my brain read niinist\u00f6 as nihilisto and for a moment i thought finland was way cooler . 
   russia wins morality points it also gives them an ` out ' to deescalate the situation by claiming all they wanted to do all along was send a harmless aid convoy . 
  russia using nukes tactically is an interesting scenario . 
  if they used nukes to establish material and manpower superiority in the baltics , nato could , of course , respond with tactical nukes against their baltic positions . 
  but that scenario leaves the baltics basically destroyed and any liberation pointless . 
  attacking russian territory with nukes in retaliatory strikes would be dangerous , because it would run very high risks of escalating into mad . 
  i 'm not sure how nato would proceed if russia used nukes tactically in an invasion of the baltics . 
  some nice open place like poland , we 'd probably respond with tactical nukes of our own in a counter-offensive . 
  but the baltics are so tiny . 
  aside from the peninsular war , all the napoleonic wars were declared against napoleon by the coalitions . 
  he took territory in the peace deals , but he never started the various wars . 
  i would n't mind cloning napoleon and giving the clone the imperial throne of ` murica . 
  it would n't surprise me if they were more extreme warmongers . 
  putin acts slow . 
  any russian invasion with putin in control is going to be a ` peace-keeping ' mission with limited aims ( establishing these independent republics like georgia 's abkhazia and south ossetia ) rather than a blitzkrieg kiev and annex ukraine situation , which is what the louder ultra-nationalists want . 
  [ harrisburg ] ( http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/i0000wcvtskba_yo/s/900/900/pa-capitol-complex-aerial.jpg ) is pretty cool . 
  there 's also some obelisks with sphinxes on them on road into harrisburg , but i ca n't find photos of them by googling harrisburg sphinxes . 
  / shrug, 
  the idea is that a small misfortune ( bird-poop ) heralds some larger good fortune coming your way because you clearly ca n't have nothing but pure good fortune . 
  it can get absurd to the point where you can basically substitute english words for everything except basic grammar , just watch some indian movies , they do this heavily . 
  they 'll even substitute in english verbs and throw in hindi auxiliary verbs . 
  colonialism too stronk . 
  unlikely ? 
  even at the worst , israel and palestine would just spiral into a regional war like it has several times in the past . 
  but that 's unlikely , because israel has nukes and the arabs do n't . 
  ukraine wo n't , because even if putin decided to annex the entirety of ukraine , ukraine has no allies . 
  no one would actually get militarily involved . 
  even if the poles lost their senses and decided to join the war on ukraine 's side , nato is a defensive alliance , not an offensive one and no one else would join in . 
  the only realistic scenarios for ww3 i 've seen involve resource scarcity between america and china , and that 's still decades away . 
  they did n't speak german in metz during the time period ? 
  whoops , fixed that . 
  `` poland - formerly part of the soviet union '' lolwat, 
  there 's a reason you managed to populate so many settler colonies . 
   i wish they encouraged learning a second language properly here in england . 
  by jove man , think what disraeli would have to say about that . 
  the whole reason the brits built an empire was so they did n't have to learn a second language . 
  well , i do n't know any better , so i 'll concede to your wisdom . 
  lol , but the entirety of siberia ? 
  all them national pride stories of cossacks on the frontier pushing that border further . 
  they 'd have so little attachment to the land , and be satisfied with the urals as their border ? 
  there 's far too much national pride involved for russia to ever peaceably handover siberia and i doubt china would wish to involve itself in a long war . 
  they have the resources to win - even if the war went nuclear thanks to their ridiculously large base population , wherein winning means `` some of us still exist . '', 
  especially since russia would n't want to expend their entire arsenal and fall out of mad range with america . 
  but the sheer amount of resources expended would be insane . 
  there 's literally no point at which the balance of gain vs. loss involved in a war with russia would come out in china 's favor unless they were suffering massive population stress and the entire world had embargoed them to the point where siberia 's resources were an issue of national survival . 
  unless russia collapses or something , i suppose . 
  then i could see them moving in . 
  but they 'd probably be more like to set up a nice commie-governed people 's republic of siberia rather than annex the land outright except outer manchuria ... 
  [ here 's the qianlong emperor 's letter to king george iii . 
  ] ( http://www.history.ucsb.edu/faculty/marcuse/classes/2c/texts/1792qianlonglettergeorgeiii.htm ) demonstrates the chinese attitude towards the rest of the world . 
   i have already taken note of your respectful spirit of submission  tremblingly obey and show no negligence !, 
  basically , the emperor , possessing the mandate of heaven , is sovereign of all [ under heaven ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all_under_heaven ) . 
  similar to the islamic concept of the caliph being god 's vice-regent on earth . 
  you 're vastly overestimating the casualties from a nuclear war . 
  there 's been numerous studies on it , you can google fallout maps and strike target priorities and estimations from think-tanks like rand . 
  first , in any russian-american nuclear exchange both countries ' first strikes are going to be against their nuclear assets . 
  the us and russia both have these placed in the middle of no-where ( the dakotas and the midwest and siberia ) . 
  next , there 's military targets , and then finally the civilian centers . 
  moreover , nukes are n't going to be evenly spread-out across the civilian land-scape . 
  in the 80 's , it was believed it would take roughly 200 warheads to ensure moscow 's destruction based on missile failure rates , russian interception capabilities , and the strength of russian bunkers . 
  if you look at fallout maps , large pieces of the us would remain liveable . 
  not to mention in any nuclear exchange shit is n't going to happen in africa or south america . 
  any ensuing nuclear winter would increase food prices dramatically and there would be famine , but hardly would it reduce the population to bare millions . 
  the dust would last a decade at most similar to a large krakatoa event . 
  iirc , the bulk of the remaining airborne fallout would be carried by prevailing winds and currents to europe anyway from the us . 
   if their life was on the line they 'd probably grab eachothers throat and try to gauge eyes out . 
  yeah , but tournament melees were n't fights to the death either . 
  my preferred sport is tennis , not hand-egg, 
  is this what an actual medieval tournament melee wouldve looked like ? 
  the fights looked really low intensity and honestly boring to me . 
  i understand they 're probably actually exerting themselves strenuously under their armor , but it looks really boring to watch .
