  from what i 've read , it leads to basic governmental paralysis - no one does anything of their own initiative , everything has to approved or decided on by the guy at the top . 
  since not every single detail in the country can be run by the leader , the government is effectively paralyzed from doing anything effective . 
  strangely enough , the nazis did n't have this problem , since hitler was almost completely hands-off when it game to day-to-day micromanagement . 
  they did have the problem that hitler was so hands-off that underlings often sabotaged/destructively interfered with each other because of over-lapping portfolios or conflicts . 
  but that fit with hitler 's whole survivor of the fittest shtick . 
   all illegal military formations in ukraine must be dissolved , and that everyone occupying buildings must be disarmed and leave them . 
  did russia just give in ? 
  daym , did n't expect that . 
  wow , polen and portugal putting ireland to shame in catholicism . 
  most violent crimes are committed by young males , which is a demographic that is severely lacking currently in chechnya . 
  realistically speaking , if he were speaking from sort of anthropologically minded-view , he would n't be entirely incorrect . 
  the aryans ( whence came indo-iranians and possibly armenians ) are assoicated with the [ sintashta culture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sintashta_culture ) east of the urals . 
  realistically speaking , they all could n't have moved south into the iranian plateau and india . 
  some must 've stayed behind , turned into scythians or sarmatians , and then have been absorbed by the slavs at a later point . 
  bonus fact : the sintastha culture are the only early indo-european culture associated with fortified settlements , and the finnish word for slave - ` orja ' is believed to descend from the word arya , indicating the relationship between the early uralic peoples and the aryans was n't exactly friendly . 
  source : the horse , the wheel , and language but he 's probably an idiot , and not thinking of the sintashta culture . 
  kazakhstan has agreed to join russia 's eurasian union . 
  outright annexation does n't matter at this point . 
   but i 'm skeptical that `` war with russia would be devastating for the united states '' . 
  agreed , mad does n't preclude limited war , only total war with national extinction on the line regardless of whether the nukes were used or not . 
  any war over the baltics would proceed along the lines of old-fashioned uti possidetis - the goal of the war would be to hold the land you want until one side sues for peace . 
  escalation into total would be unreasonable simply because it 's not inherently in the casus belli . 
  america 's goal would n't be to dismantle russia , and russia 's goal would n't be to dismantle america . 
   january 19 , ** 2012 **, 
  probably if you asked americans to place all us states too . 
  the center of this country is a blob of indistinguishable square blocks . 
  at least most knew enough to put it somewhere around russia , i suppose . 
  by the end of this year , ukraine is going to be left with just everything west of the dnieper . 
  [ picture of the world 's most important/only relevant romanian . 
  strange , in america that look is associated with gangsters in general . 
  whether russian , italian , or whatever . 
  europe has a president ? 
  they seem to be jewish . 
  the one also mentions wanting to visit egypt and the other replies it 's a pious thing to do . 
  usually ipa is helpful . 
  in this case , it is n't . 
  nah , it 's actually because memories that you frequently recall are reinforced . 
  so , people tend not to recall bad or mediocre memories ( unless they 're the traumatic sort of memories ) . 
  good memories are reinforced , so old people especially tend to remember the past as better , since the less happy memories have faded . 
   on the other hand , i wonder why eastern european men in general look so ugly . 
  extremely heavy smoking and drinking , probably . 
  their livers , lungs , and cardiovascular health are complete shit . 
  what is this site ? 
  i know who dugin is ( he must riding high given how much attention he 's been getting past few weeks ) , but is this an official site , or some fan-site that translates his articles ? 
  edit : so in this [ article ] ( http://www.4pt.su/en/content/now-we-can-sum-first-results ) he thinks that ukraine will descend into civil war . 
  i do n't see any indications of that happening atm . 
  perfect chance for britain to reassert claims to continental normandy and gascony !, 
  you guys could just take the corsican route and elect elizabeth ii as your monarch . 
  you 'd automatically be in personal union with the uk !, 
  russian anthem definitely does n't have `` party of lenin '' in it like the song in the op , rofl . 
  i was n't aware pravda was even still a thing . 
  how many people ? 
  edit : i like the solidarnost flag design . 
  iirc , up until the early middle ages mecklenberg-vorpommern was some sort of slavic . 
  they were n't wiped out either . 
  the dukes of mecklenberg , who were originally slavic chieftains , joined the hre , and slowly the region became germanized . 
  it also makes the house of mecklenberg one of the oldest known houses in the world . 
  the mooooore you knooooow . 
  armenian word for man is `` ari '' or something like that . 
  armenians are aryans in the pre-nazi sense . 
  other hilarious fact : the finnish word for slave is `` orja . '', 
  anthropologists believe the ancient aryans and the ancestors of the finns did not get along . 
  excavations of aryan towns i.e. 
  sites believed to be indo-european east of the urals , reveal that the aryans were the only indo-european peoples to be heavily militarized - all their graves are full of weapons and their towns are heavily fortified . 
  their ancient uralic neighbors were n't nice at all , presumably . 
  wow finland , watch out . 
  it 's possible the dude in charge of the black sea fleet issued it unilaterally . 
  hell , maybe this whole thing is some movie-scenario where the black sea fleet admiral is a crazy ultra-nationalist , he moved without the kremlin 's permission and putin 's only moved to support him to preserve the image of his own authority . 
  but the admiral is n't liking the slow pace of things and has decided to escalate it into open war !, 
  nah , not aggressive expansion . 
  it seems he got the full infamy hit for taking crimea - 11 infamy max for a province . 
  kinda weird though , russia 's core on crimea should n't expired , so he should n't have taken an infamy hit or even needed to fabricate a casus belli . 
  at any rate , he 's probably around 20/25 for infamy , thanks to the georgian war a few years back . 
  if he breaks the limit , everyone gets a free containment casus belli on him . 
  well , merkel did n't claim that there was no way to negotiate . 
  she says he 's lost touch with reality . 
  he probably offered her a non-aggression pact and everything west of warsaw . 
  but she wants it all . 
  has there been a rush to enlist ? 
  it 's been in use for a long time now , its origin is from map-painting grand strategy games like those of paradox studios . 
  the study linked only looked at mtdna which is an extremely small component of the total genetic load in a human-being . 
  the numbers you commonly see cited `` humans share 99 % of their genes with chimps ! '', 
  or 95 or 96 or whatever , are not incredibly useful unless carefully explained . 
  what the study national geographic discussed was examining , i do n't know , probably snps is n't enough because the actual number of genes can vary between species and between even individuals ( though within a species like us humans , this almost always copy-number-variation rather than novel genes , unless you 're dealing with something really cool like tetrachromacy . ), 
  all those caveats aside , most often when you see human populations being described in terms of similarity , it 's within the the amount of variation possible between humans e.g. 
  95 % of the 1 % . 
  but , the actual study linked to by neutrolgreek did n't look at a full minoan genome , just the mtdna , and 95 % was n't even given as a figure anywhere . 
  all that particular study can tell us is that people on the lasithi plateau have matrilineal continuity with the minoans . 
   its the muslims from pakistan im worried about , the ones where 86 % think everyone who leaves islam should be killed and other bullshit . 
  pakistani refugees are ( mostly ) members of the [ ahmadiyya ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ahmadiyya ) community . 
  afaik , no one else from pakistan is even eligible for refugee status , except maybe the few hindus and sikhs left . 
  the ahmadis are ( generally ) absurdly liberal . 
  mid akin to german ` mit ' meaning with , someone who assists with a birth, 
  this is the worst tongue-twister i 've ever come across . 
  it 's impossible . 
   i wonder if it made it to old english in some form then maybe got lost ? 
  based on dimetrans ' link , it did n't even get lost . 
  there 's a modern english cognate - [ dern ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/dern#english ) . 
  apparently it 's used in some dialect . 
  some random northern english one , i 'd wager .
