what , really ? 
  just pure expenditure per capita ? 
  no ratio with any kind of results ? 
  if this is true that looks malicious , actually . 
  there is no way that you can just considered the expenditure per capita in a serious research . 
  i was n't questioning that , i was questioning the fact that this has a correlation with the update of the charge . 
  they seems to be related to a wide span of years , also the proportion between what some nation pay and others pay is huge . 
  i mean , the uk as such a strong black market that it has to pay that much in respect to others nations ? 
  it seems that there is something else going on , even if this can be * a part * of how they updated the charge . 
  i guess you are like the crazy hippy version of the scandinavian countries , then . 
  2bn seems huge , but for a first world country are actually pennies . 
  ehm , according to this graph the only souther europe country receveing money is spain . 
  all the others are paying . 
  as far as italy is concerned , again , since we were net contributor to the eu budget since ever . 
  onestly , the whole `` they are accounting from crime '' is something bgblckkk said , nothing official . 
  i mean , you bet that you will hear someone yell about this right know , and not just a random reddit user . 
  the problem is that the m5s is grillo , this is a very clear point . 
  i got what you are saying , that they could split off from m5s and go to the greens ... but that would be a big leap for them . 
  probably too big . 
  there is no such a thing as pandering to the more left-wing member of m5s to shift them towards any direction , because in the end it 's grillo ( and casaleggio ) who decides . 
  they have a very big problem with internal democracy , yes . 
  mr. grillo is actually the legal owner of the name and logo of the m5s , not the party . 
  and he use that power all the time . 
  he just did that yesterday , kicking out from the m5s the mayor of the town of comacchio with a `` p.s. '', 
  on a blog post . 
  m5s with le pen will have huge repercussion in italy . 
  this would very likely break the party and it 's absolutely certain that they will lost a good chunk of voters overnight , if that would happen . 
  and what about the greens/efa ... grillo already refused any offer by the greens , in a very public and explicit way . 
  debacle ? 
  what debacle ? 
  there was never a debacle . 
  never . 
  this is why grillo is still there after he swore to leave politics if he did n't `` win '' the european election . 
  they are just winning veeery slowly , guys . 
  high five for neo-latin languages !, 
  well , we use benzina as well for petrol , and as i said motorina sounds a lot like italian . 
  motore is engine , and the - ina suffix was very common until some decades ago to means , very roughly , `` coming from/about it '' . 
  motorina sounds like `` engine 's stuff '' , roughly . 
  i 'm actually wondering if it really has n't an italian derivation . 
  edit : it looks like that motorina is an old word for diesel and is still used in a naval setting in italy . 
  that sounds like italian , but is absolutely not an `` italy italian '' word . 
  are you from switzerland , maybe ? 
  if they wo n't admit and vote for him , they do n't feel the same as him . 
  the vote is secret , if they feel the same they would vote for him . 
  you ca n't say that i love pepsi but it 's just that i do n't say it and i do n't drink it . 
  this is being overly pedantic , you know ? 
  nah for italy also . 
  dude , it says `` geen '' not `` green '' . 
  it means `` nothing '' . 
  ( accordind to google ), 
  i was actually just pointing out the fact that the celtic language , at least in his cis-alpine version , do looks like something that is indeed `` local '' and not an outlier . 
  i do n't know much about this stuff , maybe i was too much confident . 
   it was mostly a reaction against the common misconception that celts were some sort of germanic tribe . 
  the funny thing is that the cis-alpine version of the celtic language show some pretty similaritis with latin . 
  we do n't have much left of that language , but what we have shows a clear link with the languages south of their border . 
  hell , the numbers are basically the same as the latin ones . 
  if i can exapad on this , exceptionalism is thinking of oneself as better because its the natural way of things . 
  you are not like the others , you are * an exception * . 
  it 's not like `` ehi , i did this , and it 's awesome ! '' . 
  it 's `` ehi , i 'm awesome and so what i 'm going to do will be awesome '' . 
  exceptionalism is the tought that you are somewhat called to be the best or the leader . 
  anthony , we can . 
  and we are very disappointed in you . 
  the hamster ? 
  * really ? 
  it 's funny how basically there are only two stereotypes , loud country and very quiet country . 
  no middle ground . 
  i 'm not opposing what you just said , i want just to point out that i get really pissed when i stumble upon website aimed to usa travellers ( the naive kind ) and they start describing ways to defend yourself from petty crime like it 's some expert stuff that they discovered after years of wandering in the exotic land of `` not-usa '' . 
  they go all like `` do not freak out , but in a subway there may be pickpockets , so close your bag and watch it all the time '' . 
  because apparently in nyc 's subway system pickpockets do not exist and going on a train with your bag open and unattended is `` monday as usual '' . 
  we have been here for thousands of year , we will be here for thousands of years . 
  just come when you feel right . 
  we will be here . 
  austria is probably right next to new zealand . 
  i wonder where the fascination with the venice separatist movement come from . 
  it 's because venice is cool ? 
  this is funny , and a bit annoying , because they are actually mostly a joke . 
  it 's silly how people just ignore the more relevant separatist movement , like the one in south tyrol or the then-separatist lega nord but are really excited when venice is involved . 
  ( yes , i know that south tyrol is showed in this map . 
  but you rarely hear about it in foreign media . 
  and even if the lega nord has mostly abandoned its separatist issue , they still were a serious concern some time ago . ), 
  the only real `` fixed block '' in italy is the one formed by the regions of toscana - emilia romagna - umbria . 
  those regions are strongholds of the left . 
  then you have the south that tends to vote for the right , and some part of the northern regions too . 
  the rest is not fixed , maybe they have a tendency , but nothing particularly relevant . 
  big cities tend to vote for the left , almost everywhere . 
  france is `` the trans-alpin cousin '' . 
  and then ... well , that 's it . 
  we obviously consider spain as very close , but most of the time nobody calls them `` cousins '' or anything . 
  that 's for the french . 
  it probably because we share a border with france but not with spain . 
  maybe even because they helped us during the ix century . 
  to be clear , ** nobody ** use `` cousins '' in everyday speaking . 
  it 's used in newspapers and such . 
  `` aahhhhh yes '' ctrl+c ; ctrl+v job done . 
  onestly is since about 2008/2009 that i do not have to meddle with bigger problems than the one that you will meddle with windows . 
  are you sure that you worked with a post 2009 system ? 
  it may have to do with the diffetent `` pub cultur '' . 
  i have limited experience , but in anglosaxon countries `` the pub '' is seen more like a party to meet new people . 
  is normal , is the idea of a super serious man digging an hole like it 's his job that is funny .
