  the center left is not very friendly toward russia . 
  the right is . 
  anti discrimination law act on things that one can not control . 
  `` there is fog on the sea , the continent is isolated '', 
  fun fact : the very first starbucks in italy will open september 2017 . 
  you just wrote `` all of bunniers ! '' . 
  and yes , `` bunniers '' is n't a real word in italian too . 
  but it can be argued that they became so rich exactly beacuse they had to out-compete each others . 
  i mean , it 's pretty established that the main reason for the renaissment was that local lords wanted to show how powerful and rich they were to the other lords . 
  lol , what the fuck is this article ? 
  is literally propaganda for the m5s . 
  i did n't know they had so english speaking wbesite in the caseggio associati 's network . 
  edit : lol , it seems that the author of this article , michele monni , was `` fired '' from ansa ( the biggest news agency in italy ) because he worked also for hezbollah . 
  are you really comparing a country that never needed any loans , but instead is a net contributor to the eu budget , to a country who is not in default only because its receiving loans ? 
  for any problem that italy public sector can have , greece has it x100 . 
  the trashest channel is definetely rete 4 . 
  that 's where they put shit like forum and the south american soap-operas . 
  it 's basically theirs `` channel for the 50 years old housewife '' . 
  whait , no romance language had a relevant germanic influence . 
  germanic influences were relegated in a very , very small group of words that entered the vocobaulary . 
  otherwise latin evolved on it 's own . 
  if no germabic tribes ever invaded western europe and the roman empire just collpased on it 's own the romance languages would still be extremely close on how they are now . 
  it does n't change very much of what you cited , is just that a good 70 % of what you write are people that has been famous for decades and now are sort of in retirement , or at least way less present on the scene . 
  there are simply other people now , eventi if most of the guys you cited are still very famous . 
  italian cinmeatography is pretty much living a resurgence in the last couple of years we actually had a super hero movies that is * good * . 
  is called `` lo chiamavano jeeg robot '' , it has an incredibly col villain . 
  you should see also `` smetto quando voglio '' and `` perfetti sconosciuti '' . 
  aldo you should check `` come il vento '' is a racing car movies who has absolutely nothing to envy to an american production . 
  for tv series we had `` boris '' , that is an incredbly good sit-com and '' romanzo criminale '' and `` gomorrah '' , two crime series whith a really high production value . 
  museum run by the state are free every first sunday of the month . 
  i mean directly by the state , some museum are run by the city . 
  i 'm from italy , never heard of it . 
  what ? 
  berlusconi was a bufoon and absolutely unfit to run the country , but he never had the authoritative `` vibe '' of orban . 
  he was also way less a populist compared to nowaday populist like grillo , le pen and , farage and that netherland huy with the strange hairs . 
  they are there . 
  more than one . 
  check the album again . 
  try again . 
  there are at least 2 in italy , and at least 1 in france . 
  try to google it for your country !, 
  as a roman , i think that they went way overboard with that roman accent . 
  it 's not `` thick '' as `` rude '' . 
  i mean , i 've heard thicker accent , but the actors in the clip are acting like they are very angry for some reason . 
  probably the french producers asked the distributors in each country to mimick the french actors as much as possible , it is not uncommon to do this . 
  at the time the allegiance of the troops were mostly to the general and then to the state . 
  in that sense every army in the world was a `` private army '' . 
  this is why coupe were so easy at that time , the soldier were primary loyal to their general . 
  i 'm sorry , to you le pen is leftist ? 
  really ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  the red star is there because is the `` stellone d'italia '' ( great star of italy ) which a symbol for italy as a nation since 1600 . 
  it 's pure coincidence that a red star would also be a symbol for communism . 
  the cogwell is there to symbolize industralization . 
  pantheon . 
  the parthenon is the one in athens . 
  hm , never heard of this . 
  source ? 
  yes but as far as i know it 's not like in south tyrol where they consider german to be their fisrt language , but i may be wrong . 
  this chart is so strange , that i 'm betting this is mostly a case of nations reducing their beds for medical reasons . 
  a lot of minor intervent can now be done in a single day , while until some years ago they prefered to have you in the hospital for the night . 
  absolutely false . 
  go check a coverage map by any carrier . 
  veneto is not serious business . 
  the then-secessionist `` lega nord '' party was serious business , but they never was on `` catalonia '' level serious . 
  the only reasons veneto pops up now and then in international media is because of the `` tank commando '' that `` occupied '' the tower bell of piazza san marco in 1997 . 
  that sure was a show , but they were literally 9 people and that was it . 
  nothing behind it , at all . 
  veneto is very much like bavaria , strong local identity and now and then someone talks about secession . 
  and nobody seriously listen to him/her . 
  why you should want to do it globally ? 
  there is no gain for anyone to do it outside of their borders . 
  by jamming those frequencies . 
  there is no other way to do it for everybody . 
  unless you want to trhow missiles at the satellites , i mean . 
  yes , italicum is still valid . 
  but it apply only to camera dei deputati , so if the senate still exist , it 's basically worthless for the purpose of stability . 
  without the abolition of the senate we still have a system where in one of the two houses you need to form a coalition to have a majority . 
  here the funny thing : if this reform would have passed the new electoral law would have made possible to the 5 * to actually form a govern . 
  since the no won , they have no possibility to govern . 
  with a proportional electoral law you need to form a coalition to form a government , and the core of their political belief is that they do not form coalition ( since according to them everybody excpet themselves is corrupt ) . 
  so they wo n't be able to form any government . 
  the castle , which is more of a fortress , is not visible in this picture . 
  it probably was a proper castle centuries ago but with time it was rebuilded as a fortress . 
  she was a model as i can be a model if someone agree to pay me to shoot a couple of pictures of me . 
  she is a perfect nobody . 
  that would need a shift to a semi-presidential republic , you will be giving a lot of power to the president . 
  i do n't know how it works in romania , but in italy also the president can refuse to sign ( not actually a veto , but has the same effect ) a law once , then if he do it again it 's an istitutional crisis that will either end with the government falling or the president being impeached . 
  this is because the president can refuse to sign a law if he thinks that is not constitutional ( or lacks to say how to pay for it ) , so if he refuse twice to sign a law is literally like he is saying the government that he thinks they are trying to undermine the constitution . 
  obviously this is an incredibly heavy accusation , so as i said the only options at that point is either the government losing the parliament majority or the government trying to impeach the president for overstepping his powers . 
  this has never happened in italian history , we never reached that point . 
  obviously this works because the president of italy is highly respected figure who usually is separated from `` normal '' politics . 
  this exactly the reason why romance langauages exist today . 
  the latin culture was mostly untouched by the germanic tribes , even more by the time of the invasions a lot of tribes would be already pretty latinized , no fur coats versus togas by that point . 
  it 's more like the fancy ones are the exceptions ... and on some stations , not on the whole line . 
  yes it was . 
  there is no bonus for the party that reach 40 % now . 
  it 's 50 % +1 or no government . 
  no , that proposition was rejecet by a referendum last december . 
  again : poland signed a treaty that already asked for that criteria to be met .
