  i 'm a bit confused about the spine . 
  what exactly is a penis ' spine ? 
  for some reason i 'm really giggling at the idea of a stereotypical persone from finland , pale , blond and algid as fuck , digging hole in a beach like is super serious business . 
  and then being very upset when the locals tell him to stop . 
  this is sometging that will affect her , since she live there . 
  i know that it 's a tricky subject , but you ca n't say `` do not speak '' to someone who will be directly affected by a decision . 
  wait , why in the world there is racist-filled subreddit called `` european '' ? 
  dude they never liked putin . 
  every country at the time was like this . 
  i 'm interested too . 
  well , it snow , but it 's very rare and 99 % it 's a short , wet , snowing . 
  snowing `` nyc style '' happens , but they are extremely rare , 1 every few decades . 
  actually rome is more north than ny . 
  it 's neaples that is about the same height . 
  i do not remember the banana thing . 
  are you sure you are not mistaken with hooligans ? 
  while we are at it , we should call them `` tyroleans '' and `` ladins '' . 
  some valleys are inhabitates by people who call themselves ladins and who speaks a language that is actually a romance language , not a germanic one . 
  if you read the website of their nationalistic group they make it clear tha they just got germanized , but the austrians too where invasors . 
  btw , all of the ladins valleys are great touristic places and some are among the best skiing resort in the world . 
  seriously , the sellaronda is the nirvana for skiers . 
  the trieste guys actually play on a very complicate post-wwii agreement , they basically want autonomy , absolutely no austria or whatever . 
  ( unless you are talking about some other very little group of people ) . 
  trieste had , and mostly still has , a strong italian nationalism movement in it . 
  uh , better call them `` austrians '' . 
  trust me , i made the mistake of jokingly calling one old man `` a german '' when i was there on vacation , and the guy was not pleased by it . 
  borders defence is still a thing , even if at the moment we have a good relationship with the austrians . 
  also , the newer generations are not so big on the whole thing as the olders are . 
  actually on the last quarter of 2014 / first quarter of 2015 trenitalia will put in service the new frecciarossa 1000 , a train with a commercial speed of 360 km/h ( and a top speed of 400 km/h ) . 
  sure , nobody has 100 % of the railway tracks in the country ready for reaching velocity higher than 300 km/h , but we totally have the tecnology to hit that speed with a commercial passenger train right now . 
  who said that ? 
  there are litterally mass protests against that . 
  it actually looks a lot like it is futurism . 
  they stylized the train using squadre , lines and circles , and they gave it a sense of motion . 
  to me that looks a lot like futurism . 
  more on that , we are speaking about actually nazi ideology here . 
  when you care more of tour personal pet cause than actual nazi , there 's something wrong . 
  what the fuck ? 
  this is completely bulshit !, 
  they were working for a ngo organization !, 
  the critics that arose here were towards the fact that such ngo did n't properly stepped up it 's security system after the recent events . 
  i do n't know where the daily mail took that bullshit !, 
  source : i 'm italian , this stuff is obviously on on the news since days ago . 
  in some parts of the historical center the pavimentation itself is historical . 
  this comes up every time , and i was as baffled as you are . 
  but according to people here on reddit the reason is that in the usa the anne frank 's diary is a book that is basically mandatory in school and everyone read and studied it , so americans flock there as soon as they are in amsterdam . 
  why the book is so important in the usa then , no idea . 
  probably something along the line of `` see how bad the bad guys we defeated were '' . 
  the airline are a mess . 
  you really do n't want to have that stuff everywhere up in the air in an historical centre . 
  heard the same thing about italians and austrians . 
  the same story , but the italians were calling `` franz '' . 
  what 's the deal with hungarians moving to romania ? 
  i always thought that hungary was the most `` developed '' country , even in soviet times . 
  ehm , his sentence is a long running joke . 
  you mean like in fucking up everyone air space for a couple of weeks ? 
  geez , you guys really hate fun !, 
  the bicycle as a mean of transportation is really gaining traction here in italy , it 's really impressive how much people you do see on a bycicle in a city like rome in respect to just a year ago . 
  now , do n't get me wrong , they are still small numbers . 
  but a couple of years ago they were a fraction . 
  unfortunatly we are not flat . 
  the seven hills of rome are the historical ones . 
  the whole city is built on hills , is a never ending sequence of up and down . 
  but it 's growing , they are building some new bike lane , and in november it will start a rent service like the one in paris , even if much , much , much smaller . 
  ( seriously , the one in paris is huge ) btw , could you guys spend some time to tell tourists that everything red on the street is a bike lane ? 
  when i was in amsterdam i almost got hit by a bike because i had no idea that a lovely reddish `` cobblestone '' path is not an old pavimentation , but a bike lane . 
  i have often heard `` belgian beer '' as small breweries , artisan produced , good beer . 
  so yeah , you got beer too . 
  for the other things ... you have fries covered by england and cheese covered by france and italy , i 'm sorry :p ( btw , i have recently watched `` rien \u00e0 declarer '' , what is the deal with the difference in belgian-french and france-french ? 
  i could n't tell exactly what they were mocking . 
  yes , i know that you are probably fleming . ), 
  i do n't get your point . 
  it has nothing do to with being chinese , or french , or from finland . 
  if you want , you can change `` chinese '' with khoisan , my point does n't change . 
  there will alway be a minority in a country , unless you want go full dystopian . 
  and chinese people who was born in sa are not culturally chinese . 
  they maintain some of that culture , as afrikaner do of european culture , but they are not of the people republic of china . 
  they do n't appear . 
  they were already there , but let 's say that , in all sa , the chinese population were 1 % . 
  but now you have a much smaller population , so the chinese population now is 10 % of your state . 
  or maybe that region held most of the chinese population of sa , and now they are 20 % of your country . 
  having to deal with 1 % or 20 % is a * hugely * different thing . 
   there 's already china . 
  no there is not . 
  because they emigrated from china for a reason , or because their grandad emigrated , and now they feel that sa is their turf as much as it 's the turf of an european immigrant . 
  uh , he clearly said `` within the framework of the constitution '' . 
  now , unless the sa constitution states that a region can gain independence on it 's own , he was referring to an area still in controll of sa , just populated by afrikaner . 
  many ? 
  there will always be a minority . 
  you seceed , and now you are the majority , and now there is a minority of , let 's say , chinese people in your country . 
  so they should form their own nation ? 
  and this will go on until we either have an authoritan state who impose absolute cultural uniformity or we end up with thousand of micro-nations , each one for every group ? 
  what 's exactly biting our ear ? 
  til that every single capital city in every country is somewhat despised by the rest of the country . 
  they are not . 
  supportogv . 
  di gamesvillage ? 
  you know , it 's an investment . 
  it means that it will come back to you eventually , hopefully with a gain . 
  `` welcome to the club ! '',
