  - the romance speaking countries, 
  you do not receive wealth . 
  what are you saying makes not sense and is simply not true . 
  you have to hold your wealth , or it will fade away in a relatively short span of years . 
  whatever your idea of a `` pre-corruption '' time is ( my guess is on the ' 50 - ' 60 ) , it 's simple not possible to do such a thing . 
  and then , even in '50 and '60 a politics of `` clientelism '' was widespread . 
  the image of the '50 politician who organize regular `` free distribution '' of food is a well-known stereotype in italy . 
  oh , you just gave me some useful tips for dublin , i live in rome so i can give you some tips about it !, 
  just tell me what your idea of `` a good time '' is and i will try to help you !, 
  wow , thanks a lot !, 
  this is really useful !, 
  any tips on how to reach the cliffs of mohers ( or others equally stunning cliffs ) with public transportation ? 
  i will probably go to dublin , even if that 's not exactly my first choiche . 
  any suggestions to give me for an about-a-week holiday in dublin ? 
   the only reason people tend to group it with the south is because istat does so . 
  and istat , in turn , is doing that just because once upon a time abruzzo was part of the kingdom of naples ... well , istat does it because abruzzo received moneys from the `` cassa del mezzogiorno '' and as you said has a relevant neapolitan ( as in kingdom of naples ) influx . 
  i know that abruzzo is basically the only region who really improved their economical condition among the ones that `` cassa del mezzogiorno '' helped , but i can see why is a region of `` mixed heritage '' , let 's say . 
  i know that this is just annectodal , but almost ten years ago i was in vienna with my aunt , who is an english teacher , and we had to ask for directions . 
  so she stopped an old lady , you have to immagine the classical `` old lady '' . 
  i was thinking `` wtf , why you stopped this lady !, 
  there is no way that she will understand you ! '' . 
  and then the old lady understood every word and replied with a very good english . 
  i could n't believe it . 
  my aunt later told me that she was no surprised at all , she knew that in austria a lot of people can speak a decent english . 
  no , no , and again no . 
  a proficiency in listening things that are * supposed * to be as comprensible as possible is different to a proficiency in listening a casual conversation and is * completely different * to a proficiency in speaking the language . 
  they are well separated competency , this is a well known fact in linguistic study . 
  i 'm sorry if i seem angry , but i have to deal * a lot * with people who speak a bad english , have problems in understanding a casual conversation and are completely oblivious of their problems . 
  you tell them that they heard that incorrectly , or you send back to them their shitty translated sheets and they either stare blankly at you or get angry because `` they totally watch game of thrones without subs , dude '' . 
  using movies and tv series is a great way to boost your proficiency . 
  to * boost * , as in `` you have to have a solid base before '' . 
  yes and no . 
  their idea is to cut below the po river . 
  the more `` tollerant '' ones want to cut under bologna . 
  both are higher than the line on that map . 
  and then the central region are historically a stronghold of the left , like in really a stronghold , there would be too much politcal friction to have a border so low , to have they paired with a government driven by the lega nord . 
  ( not that they are trying to impose this idea nowadays . 
  they are way too weak ) if you want to give credit to that , the map would still be unrealistic . 
  there is no way that central italy could accept to take the burden of south italy . 
  it would be too much , it 's completely unrealistic . 
  a `` realistic '' map would have a cut under the po river , then there would be a central state which goes down to the end of latium ( no clue about the abbruzzi region , they are geographically center but culturally and economically south ) , and then a southern state . 
  sicily could try to become autonomous , or maybe not , and sardinia will probably try it . 
  my 2 cents obviously , but i ca n't see how the central region could ever accept to be with the south all alone . 
  oh god , that is two levels wrong . 
  is wrong because that is never , ever gon na happens , and his * more * wrong because if even would happen the territorial division is completed fucked up . 
  i obviously do n't know the geopolitc of all the territory , but can say that some of them make no sense . 
  the retaking of part of poland by germany , the `` muslim piedmont '' and the division of italy are the first one to pop on my mind . 
  no way that those countries splitting up would end in that way . 
  absolutely zero , it makes no sense for everyone . 
  berlusconi ? 
  he lost badly . 
  now the italians are the * strongest * party in the coalition that support schulz , we are his best pals . 
  the problem is the french socialist 's debacle . 
  do n't be too haste . 
  3 years ago nobody out of florence knew matteo renzi . 
  now it seem that his party is gon na win by a lot . 
  the last projection gives his party at 41 % , but i think it 's too early , that number is too high . 
  it will be lower , but of a few point , no more . 
  you ca n't know if you have a `` mr. nobody '' local administrator who is going to be a big hit on national politic . 
  really ? 
  never heard of it . 
  do you remember its name ? 
  i do remember a sort of remake of csi , called ris , but that show was quite lame . 
  we produced two tv series , `` romanzo criminale '' ( the serie , not the movie of the same name ) and `` gomorra '' ( again , not the movie ) , which are crime series that have an high production value and are solid , well directed and acted stuff . 
  they are no different than your average usa crime series in production value ( obviously not in actual money spent , i mean in results ) . 
  the first one is the * very heavily * romanticized story of a criminal gang who operated in rome in the second half of the '70 and the ' 80 . 
  the other one is about nowaday criminal organization in naples . 
  unfortunately they both do an heavy use of local slang ( especially gomorra . 
  they actually use subtitles even for us italians in it ) so if you are not a native speaker you will lose quite an amount of the charme of these show , but they are still worth watching . 
  ( on a side note , we have a very interesting tradition of songwriting , bob dylan 's style , some guys like de andr\u00e8 and guccini are basically poetry in music and not really `` pop '' culture . 
  but it 's quite hard to translate a song ... ), 
  22 out of 181 is not a lot , is a fucking huge amount . 
  making a rough estimate , it would be like if i had to pay 200-210 euro monthly . 
  waaaaay to much . 
  it 's a nuance . 
  in standard italian `` sottrarsi '' is used as i said , mostly . 
  the line of text you reported has an example , which you did not report , that is , i translate : '' ` sottrarsi ' from a responsability '' . 
  of course it can be used in other ways , but as sunshiranui said there is no way that here renzi was using another meaning . 
  that is a an unfortunate translation . 
  `` sottrarsi '' in italian has a more ambivalent sense . 
  it 's not just `` escaping '' , is more `` escaping from something that is right '' . 
  for example take the sentence `` escaping from justice '' : a common way of saying it in italian is `` sottrarsi alla giustizia '' . 
  well , it may happen . 
  let see what already happened with ae and be , there is already some noticeable difference , even if of little relevance . 
  of course because we have the internet and the mass media to `` unify '' the language this process will slow down so much that it is very possible that we 'll never reach a real fracture . 
  not really . 
  the first documents which were written in what was more a new language latin-influenced than a bastardized latin dates at about the ix century , if i can recall correctly . 
  i think we are around 400-500 years needed to fade away . 
  ( of course the latin spoken in the very last years of the empire was already somewhat different than the `` classical '' one ) obviously as a cultural language it needed way more time to fade away . 
  it was the main language for scientific and philosophy books until the end of the 18th century , and the catholic mass was held in latin until 1969 . 
  the funny thing is that officially latin has * never * faded away . 
  it is still now the official language of the holy see , which is a recognized sovereing state . 
  they actually publish a public journal in latin , use it in official documents ( pope benedict announced for the very first time his retirement in a speech he was holding in latin ! ), 
  and i heard that they have an atm which have latin as one of the languages ( i should go checking , at least if it is in st. peter square ) . 
  well , this is true , but nobody actually use `` dottore '' as a title unless they are medical doctors . 
  it really just stay on the graduating sheet , more or less . 
  well , i do n't know if you are italian , and obviously i 'm reporting anecdotal evidence , which is not evidence at all ... but my impression is that there is n't a strong understanding of the importance of wearing a seatbelt . 
  the situation for the rear seat is just ridicolous ( anecdotal evidence , again ) : i know tons of people who stares at you blankly if you ask them to wear the seatbelt in the rear seat . 
  they always responds that `` it 's not mandatory '' wich is : a ) not true , it is b ) completely missing the point . 
  i do n't wear a seatbelt because the law says so , i wear it because it can save my life .
