these guys are n't buying 2 bedroom flats in the suburbs , they 're buying high-end ones in estoril or in the centre of lisbon as well as mansions in the algarve . 
  a couple thousand will not make a dent on the house market as a whole but they will on these specific sub sectors . 
  the only downside it has is driving up ( even more ) the house prices in lisbon and other expensive areas . 
  in portugal they 're `` pretos '' ( blacks ) . 
  what do you mean by spanish police state ? 
  why are you suggesting that madrid is somehow oppressing every other region ? 
  who are you to decide on who deserves funds and who does n't ? 
  receiving funds does n't mean you are obliged to do whatever rich countries in the union say . 
  you 're really patronizing the czechs menacing them to behave well or you 'll cut their allowance . 
  that 's what i meant , maybe it 's not technically deporting but returning to point of origin . 
  yeah , i think you 're right about that . 
  props for being able to discuss this on such a civil manner even though we may not agree on some parts of it , i 'm tired of seeing these discussions turn into personal attacks and insults . 
  so how do you feel about the migrants trying to cross the english channel in calais ? 
  if they are n't europe for its money but for its stability and safety they 'd happily stay in france would n't they ? 
  algeria is n't bad at all , se asia is too far away . 
  honestly if each asylum claim costs # 14.5 k and the echr fines $ 15k per migrant deported , i 'd seriously consider my options . 
  not accepting migrants and slavery are n't comparable , might as well have asked if i 'd kill babies for a couple cents each . 
  you could compare it with not giving anything to charity so you can buy yourself a new tv , in which case yes , i 'd buy myself a new tele , sorry . 
  good luck preventing migrants going from lithuania to germany once they 're all distributed . 
  do they pay a fixed fee or a fee per migrant ? 
  if it 's the latter they 'll probably be better off in the long term . 
  you only have so much humanity to spread around , do you think our taxes are enough to feed all of africa ? 
  i 'm all for helping people in need , as long as that does n't hurt our living standards . 
  germans would gladly take in dutch refugees , the portuguese would also take in spaniards and norwegians would take in danes . 
  it 's only normal you take in refugees from a country you share a border with and are culturally close to , is n't it ? 
  at some point you need to start putting the interests of europeans in front of non-europeans , even if it breaks international conventions . 
  a random uninhabited island in the mediterranean sea . 
  they ca n't just refuse them entry and they 're being dicked around by the eu on this issue so why should they care ? 
  send them on their way to france/germany/sweden and let them deal with this problem . 
  the side effects are known and outweighed by the benefits . 
  the medicines are not innocuous but are safe if they are used properly and the patient followed up . 
  do n't be fooled , you 're being given crumbles so they can keep dictating what happens to your mince pies . 
  please be the card that drops and takes the whole castle with it . 
  by your native population you mean uk citizens right ? 
  i think if mainstream media ridicules you you probably are doing the right thing . 
  will you offer asylum to germans in a couple of years ? 
  taxing revenue would also drive prices up , being taxed on their revenue would mean companies would have to have better profit margins or risk seeing all their profits disappear due to being taxed disproportionally to these . 
  this would hurt most companies that focus on high turnover and low profit margins on their products . 
  vat is technically paid by the costumers but since companies no longer pay commercial taxes their profits increase , allowing for lower base prices which would compensate the higher vat . 
  one of the main downsides i can think of would be the black market that would appear on some products , since all taxes would be condensed into a single one , that would the difference between the pre and post tax prices of products . 
  why ? 
  corporate taxes are n't progressive , why should the sales taxes that replace them be ? 
  you do n't . 
  if companies do n't have to pay corporation taxes they can lower their prices , making the price customers have to pay more or less the same . 
  it would also increase competition because small local businesses which ca n't relocate their fiscal headquarters to other countries would be on a better position to properly compete with international companies . 
  there is an easy solution to end this , which would also end companies being based on a different county than where they have activity on ( many portuguese companies have relocated their headquarters to the netherlands , for example ) . 
  that would be removing corporation taxes and increasing vat to make up for the loss of revenue for the state . 
  i think people thinking of emigrating to the uk should stop and think if the uk staying in the eu really benefits them or not . 
  someone with high qualifications trying to get a job in the uk after they leave the eu will still have it easy , it 's only people with low qualifications who will suffer from it . 
  i meant it the other way around . 
  as an individual citizen you can prevent car accidents by driving slower and not drinking and driving and if you 're a pedestrian by walking on sideways and being very careful when crossing streets . 
  terrorist attacks are more difficult to protect yourself from . 
  i think much of it would be easier if the governments handled these issues without being concerned with everyone 's feelings . 
  yes , crack down on saudi-sponsored mosques , even have regular mosques monitored . 
  you ca n't force people not to create ghettos , and even if you did it would be whites who would leave the areas that `` become more diverse '' . 
  reduce benefits so you do n't have unemployed young men sitting at home doing nothing . 
  reduce immigration . 
  i have to share this example : you often hear about pakistanis in the uk marrying within their families ( 1st cousins ) and the problems that may cause . 
  well i recently did an interchange in the uk as a medical student . 
  it was mind blowing the amount of pakistani couples who had several young children die and take regularly their 4th or 5th child to 4 different hospital clinics for their severe rare conditions , which submerge them into vegetative state . 
  it is really sad and this is another problem that is n't being tackled correctly due to political correctness . 
   with terrorism , on the other hand , it seems we are already doing a lot of work against it . 
  are we ? 
  i think countries are fixing the symptoms instead of fixing the problems . 
  it does because you can take steps to prevent one while not the other . 
  the driver should go to jail , but that is a much less severe crime because there is no intent . 
  and if i had to pick either get run over by a car and die or get the bullet through my skull i 'd pick the bullet since at least it 's immediate , i was n't comparing the outcome , which is the same , i was comparing the steps you can take to prevent something like that happening . 
  oh , but there is . 
  as a doctor if you fuck up and for example give a girl with acne isotretinoin without checking if she is pregnant and putting her on birth control , you can be sure the hammer is going to fall on your head if she gets pregnant while on it and her kid comes out with birth defects . 
  that 's just an example , there are plenty more . 
  incompetence is punishable . 
  as long as one less person a year dies form terrorist attacks than from car accidents , then these are not a big deal ? 
  good to know . 
  are you of the same opinion about domestic violence , genital mutilation , child abuse , paedophiles and rapists ? 
  after all all of those are still committing less crimes than the number of car accidents a year , they are n't really meaningful . 
  car accidents are seen as that , accidents . 
  usually someone is at fault and people are afraid of them and try to prevent them while driving . 
  you may as well say heart disease kills more people than terrorists , so why bother . 
  terrorist attacks may hit you whenever . 
  you 're out for your groceries and in comes a maniac with a semi auto that puts holes through your and your daughter 's brains . 
  those are unexpected , absolutely not your fault nor an accident . 
  all time olives champion without doubt goes to [ these ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-wdn6fjprxom/t2hnx1pv3li/aaaaaaaab58/k0c4b9apop8/s400/azeitonas.jpg ) . 
   booby traps are considered an excessive force are they in this case though ? 
  imagine you shot dead every trespasser , how many do you think would die before people stopped trespassing altogether ? 
  how many people have been killed or will be killed in europe by undocumented migrants ? 
  i 'd say defending your country from undocumented people who can cause great harm to your own citizens is completely fair . 
  i work in heathcare and when people use er for things they should go to the gp for we just let them rot in the waiting room . 
  when we finally get an opportunity to see them , since they 're constantly being pushed down to the bottom of the list by real emergencies , we berate them for wasting our time the second they open their mouth to complain about waiting times . 
  do those regions also triple in population in the summer ? 
  algarve is really sparsely populated , i 'd say that really has to be a factor , homicides are extremely uncommon in portugal . 
  besides , we tend to attract [ this kind of tourists ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7trdgll.jpg ) . 
  crammed into a couple streets in albufeira drinking cheap pints from 2pm , something is bound to happen . 
  i 'd rather expel germany to be honest . 
  local news, 
  local news !, 
  the water is too salty 2/10, 
   your own national democracy would be able to make rules about that , depending on your own national interests . 
  ** in my mind that is a good thing ** , it effectively empowers the voter . 
  i think so as well , being free to create your own laws and policies is always better than being in a political union with countries so different from you , economically and socially . 
  trade deals would suffice in my opinion , no need for this union that benefits the central countries more than the periphery .
