   i think it just depends how much you believe in portual : whether you want to trust your own democracy or whether you prefer to trust the european system ( and the interests of germany and france ) . 
  the interests of germany and france certainly are n't good for portugal , but i would n't give our politicians much credit either . 
  after all they allowed for production quotas and mismanaged the funds we got from the eu . 
  i also have to concede that if portugal were n't in the eu during the international crisis , we would be paying massive interests for our debt at the moment , and that the ecb close policing of our finances sometimes prevened some crazy spending some parties are prone to do . 
  prone being an understatement . 
  all in all i think we need 3 things urgently : attacking corruption at last ( unlikely ) , getting rid of the unfair deals we put ourselves into due to our politician 's incompetence ( unlikely ) and electing sensible leaders , avoiding this ridiculous cycle of psd-massive austerity and ps-massive spending ( very unlikely ) . 
  this is absolutely true , i 'd rather have a weak escudo than a strong euro , i 'd rather have jobs in my country than being able to go to the uk and buy a 3 # pint without spending a week 's wage , i 'd rather make 400 $ / month and spend 300 $ in basic living expenses than make 500 $ / month and spend all 500 $ . 
  the thing that angers me the most though is that no-one in portugal voted for this , our politicians just bended over to germany 's and france 's interests when creating the eu . 
  we 'd be much worse in some aspects if we were n't in the eu , that 's for sure , but we 'd also be able to control our currency , even if that meant being invaded by british pensioners retiring on 200 $ / month . 
   weird slippery slope arguments would you then say the people against increased surveillance in order to prevent terrorist attacks are also using weird slippery slope arguments ? 
  not everyone has hiv yet you still fuck with a condom on . 
  any of the two is better than what we have nowadays , you ca n't have shared borders without a common policy on immigration , the same currency without a fiscal union , european elections that mean nothing at all . 
  either federalize properly or get rid of this whole mess . 
  doctors and engineers !, 
  tell that to the greeks . 
  just share make love not war pics of facebook , i 'm sure everything is going to turn out alight . 
  doctors have to treat emergencies only , so health tourism should n't be a problem . 
  anyway , just make any non-eu national have to pay a deposit when entering the eu . 
  no , this is germany 's problem now , not the eu 's . 
   europe, 
  in a free democratic society soros or any other millionaire should n't have any more power than an average citizen . 
  i do n't agree with you because i ca n't identify with mongolians , japanese or somalians . 
  everything you mentioned besides gerrymandering is playing by the rules . 
  get it in your head that you live in a federal republic , not a popular democracy . 
   * needles * rail switch, 
  you should be orchestrating how to end up reclaiming constantinople from this situation . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0d/portugueseflag1095.svg/360px-portugueseflag1095.svg.png ) was the first portuguese flag . 
  what 's up with spain though ? 
  italy as well , very inaccurate . 
  really fired up my neurons . 
  i 'm actually dating a spanish girl . 
  that 's east , right ? 
  slavies get out reeeeeeeeeee, 
  that train stops everywhere , it 's ridiculous . 
  i dream of a fast service galiza-sevilla via portugal and connections to badajoz and salamanca . 
  unfortunately there seems to be little need for passenger connections between our countries , although many companies operate in both , there is a surprisingly lower integration than you 'd expect from two countries sharing a peninsula . 
  could also make the same argument for you lot . 
  i 'm from the south and actually prefer southern girls but there is something deep inside me that tells me i should impregnate a blonde aryan girl in order to mitigate the saracen blood that flows through my veins . 
  thank you very much : dddddd, 
  one-drop rule . 
  europe does n't need labour . 
  might as well learn arabic if you are planning on moving to france or germany . 
  the mere fact speech may be considered an offence , even if racist , is ludicrous . 
  everything should be permitted bar from threats or calls for violence ( and i think the extreme left makes regular calls for violence , at least against '' '' `` nazis '' '' '' ), 
   no changes in the violent crimes but i was told hate speech was a form of violence . 
  one is definitely the lesser of two evils . 
   well if you 're not disagreeing with us and not upholding law and order , the likelihood of suffering a leftwing attack is really low . 
   propaganda is 33,5 % of the total cases ( up to 53 % for the right wing , no value for the left in the source ) hmm ... really fired up my neurons . 
  that 's why direct democracy is superior . 
  people have to choose between voting according to their social/economic ideologies or vote far-right if they are against this madness . 
  the thing is there are no political parties that defend stopping this madness bar from far-right ones . 
  i consider myself left wing but since i think this is one of the most important issues for europe in the long run i find myself voting and defending these fringe parties . 
   the european union , in my view , should be doing its best to undermine any sense of our homogeneity and difference from others jesus that 's a disgusting thing to say . 
  nothing wrong . 
  i must have misremembered or seen some less conservative projections , the un says it will double by 2050 and more than triple by 2100 . 
  source : https://esa.un.org/unpd/wpp/publications/files/key_findings_wpp_2015.pdf, 
  i ca n't agree with that , it 's obviously more efficient for a country to import 18 year olds than to incentivise natality but that serves corporate interests more than it serves the citizens of the country . 
  sure , but then why are the immigrants that come here very unqualified ? 
  all countries will have people that are n't interested or ca n't continue their studies , why should we import more when there is less and less need for that kind of labor due to the automation of some jobs ? 
  well , the law should be changed because europe ca n't fit all the africans here , evenmoreso when the population of africa will ~ ~ triple ~ ~ double in the next 30 years . 
   some people still insist that we do n't need immigrants . 
  why do you need immigrants if you still have massive unemployment ? 
  why does the left defend measures that lower the value of unqualified labor ? 
  while catalonia is an important part of spain 's economy , i 'd say it would have it much worse in that case , especially on the short term . 
  blocking road , rail and energy market access , withdrawing funds and stopping boats en route to catalan ports , all with the probable support from france , are measures short of military action which would have devastating effects on catalonia 's economy . 
  there needs to be a negotiation between both parts , and i agree catalonia has not been treated correctly , evenmoreso since navarre and euskadi have been dealt special deals , but i ca n't see how you can be so optimistic in case of an unilateral declararion of independence . 
  catalonia does not have the upper hand in that hypothetical situation . 
   not recognising catalonia means spain defaults on its debt immediately . 
  why is that ? 
  it 's criminal we let corporations build these monstrosities in our city centres . 
  it is n't , but will be sooner or later . 
  regional differences are being eroded not so much because of intra-eu migration but because of mass migrations from outside of it . 
  the city centres of manchester , helsinki or berlin do n't really feel any different from each other . 
  just kebab and fast food restaurants , beggars and pickpockets . 
  what still saves some cities is their unique architecture but even that is being attacked in order to construct bland glass boxes . 
  surely , even in the worst case scenario , there will be pockets of civilization and authentic european culture in the middle of the `` multicultural '' blob of europe . 
  terrorism is not the only problem being caused by this wave of mass migration , rising crime rates and terrible attitudes towards women and gender nonconforming people are serious problems as well , just to start off . 
  got ta suppress those hateful facts , right ? 
  how long does a self-destructing identity last ? 
  police entering your home without a warrant is just an imponderable situation which will be part of our daily lives for the years to come . 
  or at least , it needs to be kept as far away from europe as possible . 
  i assumed you did n't believe in nation states looking at your flair . 
  still , nation states can be diverse , it does n't have to be a big homogenous blob . 
  not that france is one , though . 
  buzzword is a buzzword . 
  once upon a time there were more than 24 languages spoken in the territories that are now france . 
  the reason only `` 5 old people in medieval hamlets '' speak those languages is the whole lot of policies that favour french over regional languages . 
  if you 're willing to sacrifice regional languages in the name of `` efficiency '' , why not start speaking english to promote further european integration ? 
  in 2 or 3 generations maybe 90 % of the eu 's population would have english as their first language , would n't that be great ? 
  these `` there is no inherent culture to any european country '' and `` we were all immigrants once '' narratives are really disingenuously naive . 
  i guess it 's a conscipiracy theory that we 're in july as well . 
  i do n't agree with their policies but i respect democracy and i 'm pleased the swedes are getting what they voted for . 
  why have any official language at all then ? 
  let people speak what they want and do n't enforce any language at all . 
  ca n't wait to hear you when english becomes the mandatory 1st language in the eu . 
   humanist european culture you lot really are useful idiots are n't you ? 
  i do n't have to be `` discreet '' about my intentions as there is nothing to be ashamed of . 
  allowing mass imigration from 3rd world countries is not respecting the cultural integrity of european countries and will lead to the death of evropa as we know it . 
  that is a very extreme circumstance . 
  literally the only problem i have with the eu ( and most people i know ) is the uncontrolled migration from outside it that germany and sweden encourage .
