good for them, 
  trump is good, 
  they can suck it, 
  it 's a military comparison video not a call for war , but i see your concerns, 
  its just a comparison, 
  who said anything about a war ? 
  what kind of insinuations do you have, 
  first of all it was italian to begin with, 
  its the mid line or nothing, 
  well it is ours so, 
  newsflash they wont get it because croatian police wont let them , 
  well the good thing is we are not budging from our stance on the matter, 
  nope 3/4 isnt right the mid line is, 
  i care more about are territorial integrity also it might be good for croatia to become less dependent on tourists, 
  coming from someone from slovenia ... 
  yes it is even the new ones dont know their job, 
  and what do you think we cant impose are own sanctions on slovenia ? 
  also they can always go thru hungary also some of the come by plane and they spend more, 
  nope they gave them 3/4 because a long time ago a slovenian patrol boat in yugoslavia saved someone there so that automatically gives them some jurisdiction . . which is a bs argument, 
  the thing is of course we will have border problems when our territory was occupied and we were never at a good stance with serbia and sometimes bosnia , but bosnia as well has problems border problems ... but croatia is at center of course we will have more of them, 
  dude we went to war you did nothing however im really glad you wont be getting anything, 
  well since you did try to get the judge on your side + there is no way of forcing it on us it really isnt a problem for us . 
  we left this was mostly a charade for the court to look like they have some decency or authority which for croatia was lost as soon as slovenia tried to meddle in the process . 
  you do n't give away your land/sea no matter what the size of the land/sea in question is also i could say why does slovenia want it if its so small and insignificant . . 
  it doesnt matter what other say or think . . didnt you get the memo its a totalitarian system, 
  but she cant be a mother, 
  yep you cant trust the [ krauts ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7btnzn1d3fvfdtgm/giphy.gif ), 
  good thing it isnt a real process [ because ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/l0iy5xuswxwczmyka/giphy.gif ), 
  i thought it was a single woman not a single lesbian, 
  why stop there all north of denmark should be removed . . after all who lives there anyway ? 
  wow your logic is that of a child, 
  i would like to respond in a similar manner but since you dont have a flag ... also your hatred for americans is weird since if you are from europe you forget the contributions they made to europe . 
  eu was just a trade union but it changed nothing is written in stone . 
  i do not doubt a strong eastern coalition will emerge be it v4 or something else . 
  i agree this childish behavior is not good nor should usa think germany = europe . 
  usa is a valid and trusted ally . 
  well it did lead the eu and it still does , and i think that is the probleme i dont see germany as an efficient leader nor france although we shall see what changes macron does . 
  now germany is a successful country but it may be at odds when it comes to leading the eu its way as there are more but smaller countries that may disagree with german views . 
  now things might not change so soon but with future members we shall see what kind of impact it does to the power structure, 
  #poland stronk, 
  #not all orcs, 
  its how you describe it or how one wants it to be , the definitions can be different . 
  i would say a nationalist loves his country and supports it no matter what , he does not have to agree with the government in all things for him its more then just government , its his people , culture and history all intertwined an identity of some sort . 
  a patriot does the same although not so deeply but i would say its more of civic thing as one can be a patriot but he does not necessarily need to be an ethnic member of the group he can be an immigrant that got a citizenship but loves his new country . 
  well they are scared of him because they know eu is still to weak to start going on its own , the only one that could possibly compete with you guys is china, 
  i agree i only hope my country tries to have better relations with the v4-group . 
  i dont like this france-germany lead, 
  and who is going to make it up to the people ? 
  what is the general opinion in italy are there any protests or are people apathetic ? 
  it doesnt to you but it does to germans ... :(, 
  i think that 's a good thing as well who would want to be on a lefty subreddit . 
  usa usa usa, 
  i think sweden has more important things to take care of . . 
  bunch of snowflakes, 
  well he is kinda right i mean all the best things are either ancient or 19th century . . what will europe be known for in 83 years ? 
  us is better and mighty , also show some respect for those that freed your country in ww2, 
  i dont like r/croatia, 
  thats why i like the v4 it gives you guys more power or at least a greater voice so it isnt just germany and france, 
  composed by or for , 
  looks like a fun ride, 
  should we be surprised and people ask me why i am a national socialist pff . . imo the state shoud not bail out banks after all why would the people pay for the banks mistakes . 
  so before the illuminati infiltrated the church ? 
  lets destroy the left, 
  evo i razloga https://www.vecernji.hr/media/files/2015-29/a026be0d9dea12ae8944dd8b9aa9d9d75d1a2a2e9ea7ef51816b.mp3 ( 1dio ) https://www.vecernji.hr/media/files/2015-29/06b87c57e522ddb686d8fa312ca4095f218d3dbf3e55914e0a0e.mp3 ( 2dio ) https://www.vecernji.hr/media/files/2015-29/4fb90ebad6c3c1875de86d619c4af7060be11706bc687c3d2c48.mp3 ( 3dio ), 
  well its true but you know what they say the truth hurts sometimes and hell yeah im nationalistic after all i am a patriot, 
  well we need to put some kind of travel/citizenship ban for newcomers and welfare ban fast otherwise we will be a minority , just look at africas demographic projections and compare it to europes ... 
  the migrations wont stop they will increase, 
  there is nothing to enforce you cheated or at least tried, 
  why criticize if everyone is doing it . . after all they all care about money just like eu cares about uks money, 
  well it is, 
  [ it is over slovenia it is ours !, 
  ] ( https://winesofcroatia.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/p1060910.jpg ), 
  - + not in english, 
  proof ? 
  trans-pacific partnership deal , uk sells to them as well germany as well ooo your france as well but yeah focus trump because when we do it it 's ok ... 
  well they both were socialists and disliked capitalism, 
  well its because of their murky business we dont care about it anymore, 
  we are not giving anything away, 
  no its not d-day . . we already said its null void for us , because of your games, 
  why does he need so many of them do doctors just prescribe everything , cant be good to be on all those pills, 
  he is actively trying to keep jobs in the us travel ban from not so frendly countries shows he takes islamic terrorism seriously ( yes if sa was there it would be better , but even eu works with them ) created private white house veterans hotline slashed federal regulations placed lifetime ban on white house officials lobbying for foreign government stoped tpp reversed barack obama 's 2016 gun executive order, 
  ahrar al-sham was backed by us and they worked with al nusra sure you could say they didint back them directly but they did in hopes of getting rid of assad, 
  the mass media that calls its work journalism and perpetuates a false claim to be something it isnt, 
  i doubt it will work + can they really trust libyan coast guard ? 
  true i didnt but i stated my opinion while kerankou there . . tried to pass his as a fact . 
  if it was his intention to do that he should have had some arguments for the `` reality '' claim . 
  why both are guilty at that , they violated sovereignty . 
  obama tried to remove assad from power , endorsed al nusra for sometime under moderate rebels pretext, 
  so will you clarify how you think obama did n't do the same , if its known you had troops there and did aerial attacks even though you didnt have permission even then ? 
  even cnn admited they have no proof so unless you stick to conspiracy theories i would advise another argument, 
  what has gaddafi done for him to be worse then the state of lawlessness and terrorist groups that rule now ? 
  well thats just narrow minded of you, 
  o really lets see bush launched a war on a false pretex , obama helped destabilize libya do i need to continue ? 
  what reality you have no arguments yet you want me to belive your version ? 
  they still do these ? 
  wow full gestapo . . glad i do n't live there , i would probably be well not free , 
  medically assisted fertility treatments to single women ... ok didnt know this wasnt the case before weird same-sex couples ... imo this is wrong, 
  i would vote for putin if i was russian, 
  islam ... we will have another bosnia in few years it will be we have a problem with terrorism but we are working on it . . 
  cricket,
