haha !, 
  yeah , the colourising were n't that good . 
  hard to differentiate between countries , as you said . 
  it seems like northern europe and eastern europe are performing well . 
  maybe less so in the southern parts ? 
  i guess they have sun and stuff . 
  how come you guys are more democrazy than we !, 
  funny that in some swedish papers and such . 
  germany is portrayed as a paradise for football . 
  no hooligans etc. 
  i 'm coming on tuesday !, 
  but not to eastern poland haha . 
  right back at ya . 
  take all of my money !, 
  i do n't think it 's that separate from other countries but in stockholm where i live the monthly fee is quite high and during the summer there are a lot of reconstructing work going on which affects your way of using it . 
  also i have to commute a long bit each day so i think that gets to me a bit . 
  public transport . 
  has he heard about family filter ? 
  this is such a non-issue . 
  i think the general picture in sweden is that the greeks are lazy and they should suit themselves for the mess that they are in . 
  i guess that 's an easy conclusion , but it 's hard to change a system . 
  but the real culprit is the euro , they should just abandon that . 
  wow someone had a bad day . 
  as i said in the previous post , i was not around then . 
  im 27 for reference . 
  i dont see what you are writing is relevant to assaulting people in the streets . 
  and as im sure you know russia and ukraine are part of europe . 
  you seem a bit confused . 
  wrote from my mobile phone *, 
  `` you guys '' is a quite broad term . 
  and i know sweden and other countries have bad things in the past . 
  how is that relevant here ? 
  what gives you the right to physically assault another human being ? 
  i feel sad for these people . 
  which group do you think ? 
  the people who starts fighting and such . 
  control behaviour deluxe . 
  do n't they have jobs to go to ? 
  i was in latvia last month with a university course , we got to visit the ministry and almost all of the personell where young people , it was also interesting how much is focused around the riga region . 
  i do n't think i would want to live in the countryside , it was kinda depressing when we where around there . 
  but i think it 's good for a young country to also have young people in important positions , because things can change more swiftly then . 
  but sure this is a problem for latvia , does n't matter if it is russians who leave or any other group . 
  yes , and i would say it goes back to the cold war . 
  they said the same thing when they fought all their proxy wars in vietnam , korea and so on . 
  but when it comes to fifa an organization that is n't attached to a certain region or so , it becomes really odd when they use the same political talks . 
  yeah , it depends if you ask geographically or politically . 
  it 's the same thing when people mention ` the third world ' that was basically the part of the world who were n't under us or soviet ` control ' during the cold war so it 's not viable any more to talk about that . 
  interesting that russia plays the cold war card and accuses america of stepping outside of their borders acting as police . 
  while i generally could agree with that , clearly that is n't viable when they are looking into corruption in an organization like fifa . 
  if it were another country or so , that would be something else . 
  russia needs to calm down and accept it . 
  no more ` surfer dudes ' . 
  yes , the question is how to keep that but also integrating people . 
  i think getting a job is the most vital part then , and for that you often need the language . 
  yeah , i do n't really mind . 
  i just find it odd , the name should be eurovision + australia or something like that . 
  yes , but i guess if you are settling in a new place it 's always nice to have people around you who speak the same language and share the same culture . 
  it 's hard , because for me it 's about balance and how that should be distributed first at a national level , then regional and lastly local level . 
  in an ideal case the eu should distribute refugees somewhat evenly , but with the current system member states are allowed to decide for themselves . 
  i think this could be a great thing for the eu , to show that we work together in solving problems , not all acting in our own interests . 
  but i have also respect for other countries than sweden and germany for example , since their economic situation may not be the best right now . 
  but i really do n't see this happening at all . 
  i do n't watch it but i find it 's interesting that suddenly australia are going to participate . 
  so much d\u00f6ner kebab i guess , turkey . 
  ca n't blame you though . 
  one of the reasons i wan na go there sometime . 
  i saw it a few years ago , it 's remarkably good for being done in the 1920s . 
  the czech beers are the best ones , but an outsider would be the spanish ones , though they work best during the summer period . 
  haha , yeah i guess there is . 
  i completely agree , i have a large bag of coins just sitting there which is exchange accumulated over the years . 
  it was even worse when i was abroad recently and handled 20 cents of euro , it 's pointless with a cash-based economy in the modern world . 
  native swedish fluent english and perhaps i still know some spanish from school, 
  what a wonderful world . 
  the sun is shining today and we will soon celebrate walpurgis eve later in the week . 
  you are much welcomed here , as are most people . 
  i get that can upset residents as well , but i think sweden is doing a good job . 
  even though these are hard times . 
  and for the record most of us are atheists here so i would n't call it either paradise or hell . 
  just a normal , stable country . 
  i also got stuff , guess the algorithm are unsure about me . 
  he must be quite popular over there . 
  i guess i 'm more european when i 'm outside of europe , the same way that i 'm more swedish when i 'm outside of sweden . 
  funny thing though , identity that is . 
  less is more !, 
  i would like to add in the recent years people have reported these crimes more than before , that i believe is a major thing that affected those percentages . 
  i do n't know about how other countries are dealing with this though . 
  i saw romanias internet speed a while ago , and still amazed . 
  nice going there , i guess the bittorrent technique is the reason . 
  and i have too say i 'm a little bit jealous of it !, 
  if more countries would follow sweden 's lead , things would change . 
  but as it is right now , you are right . 
  however , things in this world are n't static . 
  which we saw a few years ago when uprising started in other countries in that region . 
  i generally do n't like the attitude that `` it wo n't change a thing '' . 
  it already has . 
  the problem with smoking is that people throw them on the street . 
  why ca n't you throw it like normal trash ? 
  one could only hope that prices increases more . 
  the recent news was that the police had to go in and move several people since they took up too much space in the city . 
  but the problem does n't go away since they go somewhere else instead .
