well put someone in a cell and give him nothing to drink but a bottle or toxic water , with a lable `` drink this and you gon na die `` . 
  hey if he dies in the end it 's his fault right ? 
   sanctions = !, 
  demands of influence for aid . 
  ok buddy , keep telling yourself that . 
  and nice job ignoring the whole iraq war caused the whole present crisys fact . 
  and to be clear on that . 
  sanctions are the even more forceful way of demanding influence . 
  it 's not like cutting aid they previously got . 
  it 's a targeted attack on assets and economy to weaken a nation/firm/individual with the single goal to make them break down and comply to your demands . 
   the us has never threatened tinier states with sanctions like germany has for not following through with their `` vision '' say what ? 
  i mean , how can you not be aware of the fact that the whole illegitimate war against iraq was the trigger mechanism for the current crisys in the middel east and literally the catalyst for the formation of isis ? 
  that is really beyond me . 
  but lets not speak about actual wars the u.s. had let . 
  [ here is a list of the fucklot of u.s. sanctions inplace right now . 
  ] ( https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/programs/pages/programs.aspx ), 
  well but how is that a big story ? 
  everyone who has a a bit of common sense is aware that crimimal activities in refugee camps will be high . 
  how reduntant would it be to have a daily spotlight on crime statistics on refugees xd ? 
  i mean ... making that big news would be like ** breaking news : drug and alcohol consume among homeless people is actually high **, 
  those questions show how politicly uninformed / r/europe actually is . 
  people only had an opinion on merkel and putin and the opinion about them was not diverse at all . 
  just mirrored the media opinion . 
  but since this sub is literally a teenager meetup it is not so suprising anymore . 
  i dont know man , i have maybe payed 2 years gez and i 'm living on my on for 9 years now, 
  see you in a year . 
  you 're a sick man . 
  are you actualy retarded , would you send someone back into a warzone ??????? 
  oh god i hope isis makes it to your doorsteps and by then germany does not take in anyone anymore ... one is for sure ... you would be incapable of integration into germany ... 
  and i dont even know what kassai is supposed to be ... it 's not a germany city atleast ... 
  ... http://www.n-tv.de/politik/mehr-fluechtlinge-werden-abgeschoben-article15638946.html `` im ersten halbjahr 2015 seien 8178 abgelehnte asylbewerber abgeschoben worden '' translation : `` in the first half-year of 2015 8178 diened asylum-seeker have been deported . '', 
  you 're good now ? 
  edit . 
  just some more sources : http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/fluechtlinge-in-deutschland-mehr-asylbewerber-abgeschoben-13761370.html http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/deutschland-ueber-10-000-abschiebungen-im-laufenden-jahr-a-1051445.html onr more ... even in english http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/09/18/german-draft-law-would-cut-migrants-benefits-speed-up-deportations-for-failed/, 
  how are we on our limits again ? 
  the estimated costs for the incoming refugees are 12.5 billion ( for the whole eu ) germany alone paid 500 billion and more to save banks ... that wasnt to hard either ... and it 's not like we are running out of space for people . 
  yes its a somewhat an obvious fact that western nations are far ahead when it comes to human rights and stuff like that and i 'm greatful not to be born anywhere else . 
  but i dont believe the state of human rights and so on in the islamic states are a representation of the state of mind and willingness to integrate of people fleeing from those who force you to live under their rules and people should not judge refugees upon the actions of some idiots ... i had so many conversations in this thread i dont even now where this started . 
  mabye i already said that . 
  but anyways i 'm a german teacher for refugees here in germany and i have mostly met grateful , fiendly and eager to learn people . 
  who i 'm sure are nice and caring people who are happy to work and settle peacefully here in germany ... cases like in the article are infact not the standard . 
  i dont even know what you are talking about ... the things in the article ? 
  yeah those guys will never get there asylm excepted ... no one is above the law here ... if it wouldnt be for the helping people refugees would be treated like shit and put into ghetto like areas where they dont bothers anyone ... you read an article about some guys fighting about religion and a stupid police officer not doing his job and you think thats germany ... holy shit man ... like 50 % of the german police force are rightwings pro nationalism ... 
  it 's not about the content , it 's about the way it is used . 
  islamic stats uses these rules to create a society domineted by man . 
  that in it self makes a hugh part of their citiziens somewhat happy . 
  you can earn shit and have nothing ... you still have a wife who carries your shit and does as you say . 
  it creats diversion ... and can be easily enforced since you somewhat just represanting gods will . 
  you dont need a diversion if your people are actualy doing just fine . 
  the ideas of capitalism and the general belief of the pursuit of happiness fills a similar role . 
  with the differencs that it is company and market driven . 
  in the west you have always the idea of ... if you work hard everyone can make it . 
  that keeps people motivated and away from questioning the system , and since most people somehat have enough to live an ok life , they happily work their as of for the new bugatti their manager will buy ... because you know ... if you work hard und can make it their too . 
  it 's funny how everyone saw germany as the evil monster who oppresses the weak eu stats and forces their will in every decision made in the eu ... now germany does the right thing for once and everyone thinks we are weak fucks ... we are the strongest nation in the eu and always will be ... even if we do a nice thing for a change ... the whole refugee situation isnt even that big of a deal ... its mostly just a great distraction to easiely sneak ttip through in the eu without anyone noticing . 
  so the big players can fuck with us even better then before ... but well i 'm getting offtopic ... in the end ... refugees are the least relavent problem our society has . 
  no i dont think affleck is that stupid to the bad parts aside . 
  but what harris does is create a fear ... and afflecks see 's that ... what harris says is somewhat right and great and all ... and i would totaly see it in a different light if this was for a islamic audience . 
  but he paints a picture of the general `` bad '' islam . 
  you should not do this to an audience that might already have there suspicion about these weird brown people and there terrorists . 
  and he kinda paints it the way that the fanatics are someone the leader of the islam . 
  it 's just super counter productiv . 
  no i see it different . 
  i think most of what you call dangerous views have less to do with the actual religion then rather with politics . 
  most questionable practices in islamic ruled stats are kinda similar to the same mechanics used to oppress and keep the society in check to benefit the rich and powerfull , as the west uses the ideas of capaitalism . 
  ( i also believe isis is much more a politcal organisation that uses the islam to force they way into peoples minds ), 
  no affleck just despises harris idea of the generaly `` bad islam '' ... and you can apologize for a sentence all you want ... the `` islam is the mother lode of bad ideas '' ... is clearly what he truly believes ... and thats the difference ... afflecks sees the good in people and separates the bad ... harris these the bad and separates the good . 
  seeing the good in people causes affection ... seeing the bad causes hate , terror and war ... it 's the simple circle of every cultural and religious war ever fought on earth . 
  absolutely not . 
  as said islamists are the extremists and fanatics of muslim world . 
  and sure every islamist is a muslim ... but only a small part of all muslims are islamists/fanatics/extremists . 
  its the same as every creationist is a christian ... but only a few christians are creationists . 
  whats your point ? 
  ... how much did the bank crash lower your standard of living ? 
  did you know tax emmigration costs the eu 1.000 billion a year ? 
  the estimated costs to provide for the incoming refugees are 12.5 billions ... sounds a lot ... it 's infact nothing compared to saving banks or other eu countrys . 
  and infact no one in germany or any other rich country felt any effects of the hundreds of billions spend to save some rich fuckers who fucked up hard . 
  so yeah ... no ... nothing will be destroyed . 
  refugees will either settle in eu and start working and building a life for them selfs or go back to their homes when it 's save again ... 
  yeah i think helping people in need speaks for our society . 
  sure i dont like any kind of religion ... but it doesnt bother me much if people do their thing ... so i cant see any possible `` damage '' edit.and to be fair ... i dont see why everyone thinks our society is so fucking great that any little influx of a other culture would literaly kill the great fucking hipster western world ... thats just a big fucking joke ^ ^, 
  well you just desribed it in more detail ... but you said nothing else then i did ... islamists are fanatics ... muslims not ... 
  no i just judge people based on their character not on their religion or origin . 
  bad people will always be amoung the once who are in need of help and exploit the situation . 
  that is a problem and it needs to be adressed as soon as possible . 
  but the number one priority right now is helping people in need . 
  if that means taking the once in who are exploiting the situation or are not possible to fit in the western society ... welp no biggy , we are resourceful enough to deal with that later on . 
  oh come on ... getting mad about generlizing a whole religion over their fanatics is pretty reasonable . 
  i dont say it but are actively refusing them to treat them as equal humans like you would treat anyone already living in your country and denying them a possible good life . 
  thats like watching some starve and wishing them to find a good meal while eating a big fat ham . 
  yeah that 's what 's happening . 
  as i said in other comments ... i despise any religious fanatics ... i dont tolerate the behaviour mentioned in the articel ... 
  but what rly sets me of are people actualy thinking this shit represents refugees in general . 
  as also mentioned ... 
  i 'm a german teacher for refugees . 
  the big majority are grateful , peaceful and friendly people who are eager to learn and settle here in germany . 
  you might read the horror in news ... but you dont have any real experience on how the situation realy looks like . 
  so dont judge people you never met and probably will never meet . 
  edit . 
  oh and by supporting your boarders to be closed you are actualy wishing death to people . 
  immgrants are eu citizens if they are already legaly immigrated .
