well sorry if i find this stupid . 
  so you vote on things that already exist ? 
  seems legit . 
  where are the hungarians now telling us it 's all a misunderstanding and we should n't blame 'em , cause they are the best ? 
  respect . 
  seems like you are n't as barbaric and egoists as most international media picture you . 
  liar . 
  lol what . 
  exaggerated , tomorrow tsipras will probably change the ministers , and rule out the ones that are opposed to a deal . 
  i lol 'd all the way . 
  waiting for it pal . 
  i have no doubts about the greek parliament tho , there is no chance it wo n't pass . 
  they replaced them with what ? 
  it does make a difference , we lend money with interest , that 89 % go to the banks , but we have to pay 'em back with bills . 
  no one does . 
  so if i spent something in the past , and now i own it to somebody , i get a loan of that money but i wo n't use them , because i had them in the past ? 
  logic died . 
  well you are cynical indeed , 
  till now 89 % of the loans went to the banks . 
  when 89 % go to the banks , do n't talk about how much money i get . 
  i only pay my finish friend , i get nothing . 
  ca n't argue with any of your points . 
  well said . 
  sooner you think ? 
  i do n't fear becoming like you . 
  i am very sad about the situation in your country , especially cause we have a lot of bulgarians here talking about the situation . 
  but there is no need to be sarcastic , cuz we are real persons after all . 
  thank you very much . 
  but . . we are lazy and arrogant and we want money to stay all day procrastinating, 
  i do n't think he is , his comment must be a part of the long going bulgarian-greek hate , which i personally despise . 
  blaming the government that is is power for 5 months , doing what it was elected for - go against austerity , is plain stupid . 
  i blame it on the eu , because instead of trying to find other ways they have buried my future and present with this austerity experiment . 
  i blame it on germany acting as the ruthless predator , forgetting that 50 years prior a greek court resigned greece from requesting the war reperations that destroyed greece , so that germany could be a developed country again . 
  i blame it on the eu leaders , forgetting what eu and ez was built upon , upon the ideas of prosperity , solidarity and union , which are now basically a joke . 
  i do n't leave the greek governments our of my blaming pie , but i am the one paying the bill . 
  not simitis , not panandreou ( both of 'em ) , not karamanlis ( both ) , not samaras . 
  i fkin pay the bill . 
  investments ? 
  `` we '' get tens of billions ? 
  we are not the european banks sorry . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  lol . 
  not officially proposed . 
  shows right at point the european solidarity . 
  i do n't want this europe . 
  and people commenting under the video . 
  they seem very informed . 
  i believe in the eu future too . 
  i believe eu leaders will understand how bad austerity really is for our countries , and do smth different , rather than bashing our former leaders . 
  greetings from athens dude . 
  are you a part of one ? 
  hello . 
  i have been feeling bad reading most comments here . 
  you have no idea how difficult our lives are . 
  you have no idea what it means for a 65 year old father , who worked for 45 years , to receive a 600 euros pension , to support his 2 college-age students ( we do n't have student loans here ) . 
  you have no idea how hard working most people are , how the 95 % of greek people have nothing to do with the crisis . 
  i blame my people for their ethics towards politics and their `` love '' towards our former ( ? ), 
  about how they treated eu 's money over the years . 
  but we , the simple greek people , have nothing to do with this shit . 
  i am sick and tired of this subreddit . 
  of people calling me lazy , a leper , a parasite . 
  that 's not the europe i have in my mind . 
  that 's not the european citizens i thought you were . 
  seems like you are voting for the greek referendum . 
  no no no, 
  keep making a fool of yourself then . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  stop replying to my comments being offensive . 
  i think you have humiliated yourself enough . 
  i do n't know about ekas , i only know about pensions . 
  my mom got hers yesterday . 
  it seems you are a behavioral scientist . 
  please , close reddit and go watch the german news , the propaganda is waiting . 
  you have never failed it before , do n't begin now . 
  pensions are already paid . 
  yeah delayed payments caused austerity . 
  please . 
  greece spend all of the money , there are no money in the world now !, 
  this . 
  it seems like you face the situation more clearly than most greek people , who have the tendency to depict politicians as traitors or non-traitors . 
  welcome to austerity greece , 
  we need clear plans on the next day of the referendum . 
  yes results to what , no results to what ? 
  what is the plan for the next day ? 
  we have to fkin know what we are voting for . 
  `` that place '' is the syntagma square outside of the hellenic parliament by the way . 
  54 % @greece . 
  lol . 
  i do n't agree 100 % with the video . 
  i posted it here for brainstorming . 
  although the troika thing is a biiiig issue . 
  woah , the wikipedia reference . 
  i did n't know that bribing public servants is only a greek privilege . 
  that is no absolute sign of tax evasion though.but i guess your stereotypes and shortmindness does n't let you have a clear view . 
  i do have one though . 
  and i know , that people who tax evade @greece are the very rich , the economic and political ( you can say these are dying slowly ) elite . 
  that 's why the % is so high , or at least supposed to be . 
  because the elite has a very large percentage of the total wealth . 
  so do n't fkin blame me or fellow middle/low class greek people , because you are totally wrong and you embody the idea of propaganda . 
  you are at least dumb if you think we are not paying taxes .
