[ story summary : he kept 123 million dollars in cash in his apartment . 
  yes , it is obviously illegal , cause it violates human dignity . 
  but burqa ban still seems legit for me : burqa , niqab or paranja makes impossible to identify person , contradicts european values and human rights , annoys other people . 
  on the other side , religious clothing that is n't hiding your face like hijab , headscarf or kippah should be allowed everywhere . 
  there was huge finno-ugric population on the territory of modern russia . 
  except finno-ugric folks that survived slavinization , russians , tatars and chuvashes are closest to finnish people genetically . 
  everything is daijoubu . 
  i do n't need pathetic 3d job , i already have moe angelic 2d waifu . 
  well , the best sociology education is usually given in us and gb . 
  if you need exotics , you could try australia , singapore or south korea . 
  personally i recommend universities in netherlands like u of amsterdam or u of utrecht , non-technological programs are quite good there . 
  if you just got tired of scandinavian climate and not very concerned with quality - italy is your choice ( as well as spain , france or greece ) . 
  if you need free education with acceptable quality - you choose germany . 
  this tragedy proves that religious , cultural and national diversity is good only when different groups has the same level of culture and ethics . 
  it 's not the fault of religion alone . 
  a lot of turks , albanians , bosnyaks , tatars are muslim , but they never did any terror attacks . 
  that is because they are europeans . 
  ban non-europeans , muslim or not , those cultural level is below european , from entering and problem will be solved . 
  that 's just a natural development of people 's mind . 
  the pendulum has begun to swing back toward eurocentrism from socialism . 
  europe overcomed nazism , but was conquered by socialism , widely supported by soviet union . 
  socialism is also \u0430 destructive ideology , but unlike nazism , it kills slowly and covertly with overexpanded bureaucracy , economical ineffectiveness , multiculturalism , immigration , numerous irrational and harmful beliefs that making society weak , guilty , fearful , poor , depressed . 
  socialism killed british empire , the most significant achievement of european civilization , so i understand why britain felt like a victim under socialist rulers of eu . 
  well , turkey was and remains one of the best possible eu candidates . 
  i laughed when they let romania in ( poor , undeveloped country full of gipsys ) and not turkey , which was much more economically powerful . 
  it was like letting in ukraine and not poland ) however , as i see from news , turkey has two major problems : democracy and kurds . 
  and turkey can not solve problems with democracy , until it will solve problems with kurds . 
  i think nobody wants turkey with kurds on board , as nobody would want england in a bundle with bangladesh . 
  you did n't get it . 
  i did n't mean it literally . 
  i just said that politicians from former eastern bloc , like fico or lieberman , usually prefer right-wing views . 
  ironically all the people who lived under socialistic rule are a little nazi inside . 
  probably because they have seen the true face of left ideology . 
  but it 's unfair to ban european islam for the crimes of middle eastern or african . 
  i do n't see any reasons why , for example , bosniaks or tatars should not be allowed to build mosques in slovakia . 
  as far as now , turks are civilized , intelligent and kind hearted people , more hardworking than most of europeans . 
  they significally raised german economy . 
  the germany 's mistake is conclusion that other muslims would be like turks . 
  quran could say anything . 
  only one thing matters . 
  does person follow quran statesments as the law , or it 's just cultural heritage and traditions for him . 
  in european islam science , ethics , rights , civil law and patriotism have priority over religious norms . 
  i think it is ok to be gay and to be a christian or muslim at the same time . 
  which means the booze is eskimo best friend in greenland too . 
  that 's sad . 
  but at least you could easily become the king of greenland - just promise free booze for everyone . 
  portugal , you better stop stealing memes or you will be braziled brazillion times . 
  the fact is eu needs an outpost in nothern africa to control illegal immigration and to create refugee camps . 
  so eu has to create an independent military force to safeguard such outpost . 
  libya is an exellent candidate - it 's big , rich , low-populated , warm climate , without government . 
  you could place millions of refugees there . 
  it is not even a country , it was created artificially . 
  too good piece of cake . 
  i think beads and a barrel of whiskey would be enough to make a deal . 
  first of all , europeans should reestablish colonies in africa . 
  fall of colonial system was largely caused by soviet support and propaganda . 
  without communist revolution every european could be a millionare nowadays . 
  libya is already ours , we can easily create first colony there . 
  if not us , then china will take it all . 
  eu definitely needs an army , but it should take much more offensive role , than defensive . 
  that would solve most of european problems . 
  united states , of course . 
  yes , they really should . 
  some food , some freedom from bullet therapy - what else could they desire ? 
  congratulations , guys !, 
  i hardly can imagine better town than k\u00f8benhavn . 
  that was the most pointless war in european history , millions killed each other for nothing . 
  a lot of innocent people were brought into this war against their will . 
  my folk was also involved - 1,5 millions tatars was mobilized in russian empire during war , more then 100 thousands died . 
  being turkic muslims , they had to fight against germans and magyars for `` slavic and orthodox brotherhood '' , against turkish to `` make constantinople christian again '' . 
  well it 's sad because turkey is one the best european countries for tourism and living in terms of price/quality/safety ratio . 
  i think germans should better worry about [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_\\ ( 1944 -- 50 \\ ) ) historical event . 
  grats , wish you peaceful coexistence with serbs and other slavs inside and outside kosovo . 
  i think problem lies deeper than only erdogan craziness . 
  turkey was a victim of agressive wars and aegean islands were taken by force in 20th century , which means turkey has some claims on them and probably a part of turkish society believes that they have right to revenge and restore `` justice '' . 
  hungary feels the same way i guess , but many issues were settled since hungary and romania became eu members . 
  so if you want turkey nice and happy , take it into eu , 
  reminds me vajdahunyad castle in budapest . 
  same problem existed in [ italy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franca_viola ) not so long ago . 
  if it , for example , would be full of hitler , antisemitic , holocaust jokes , would it still be published ? 
  i just do n't know german censorship rules . 
  my sense of justice telling me that it 's absolutely fair for turkey to be a part of eu . 
  that is one of few ways to redeem european crimes against turkey . 
  turkey lost many trillions of dollars because of europe . 
  actually , europe was saved by byzantine empire and bulgarian khanate . 
  arabs did not have enouth forces to conquer entire iberian peninsula , how would they possibly conquer france ? 
  it was a minor battle in farthest periphery of weakening empire . 
  [ another point of view ( nsfw ? 
  i wonder if he is experiencing stockholm syndrome . 
  living in tall big buldings simply contradicts human nature . 
  horrible soviet and russian architecture has become most famous symbol of humiliation and opression . 
  if you live in tall cheap building then your comfort , your needs , your freedom , your life means nothing . 
  you feel yourself like an intelligent termite . 
  thats how modern russian architecture looks like ( all links from popular russian blog ) : [ saint petersburg 1 ] ( http://varlamov.ru/2100993.html ) [ saint petersburg 2 ] ( http://varlamov.ru/2202685.html ) [ saint petersburg 3 ] ( http://varlamov.ru/2210604.html ) as a comparison , modern architecture in : [ amsterdam ] ( http://varlamov.ru/445787.html ) [ g\u00f6teborg ] ( http://varlamov.ru/1721624.html ) [ k\u00f8benhavn ] ( http://varlamov.ru/1738607.html ), 
  mainland china for their traditions , habits , cruelty to animals , opressing of tibet and uyghurs ( really pissing me of because some uyghurs look like europeans ) . 
  black africans , aborigines , american indians - they are simply too far from european civilization and culture . 
  whole south asia including afghanistan , bangladesh , india , pakistan - mostly for their mentality , habits and work culture . 
  personal freedom is a very individual and subjective thing . 
  some russian immigrants even complained that soviet union was more liberal country than us . 
  may be your dad simply got tired of dutch society , which could be worse 30 years ago .
