  the even mention me orientation casually in conversation when talking about girls around me . 
  they are worried by the `` gay lobby '' but also respect it because they know more and more gays are influencing politics . 
  he 's smart and pragmatic . 
  would i like complete social equality etc , of course !, 
  would i like people from other countries integrating and we all live in carebear land , absolutely !, 
  unfortunately things are different in the real world and some things are more important than others , namely our safety and the economy . 
  when ( if ) those are getting back on the right track , then focus on social progress . 
  why would n't i ? 
  what fallacy ? 
  more people protested against it that those fighting for it . 
  more people protested than people getting gay married . 
  how is she homophobic ? 
  her vp is gay, 
  exactly, 
  funny how they are the fuel of the motor they want to stop . 
  those are n't core beliefs of the fn . 
  the main gripe was holocaust denial . 
  times change , the party evolved and he did n't . 
  you must have misunderstood, 
  it does n't, 
  i do n't see how that pertains to marine keeping the core values of her party, 
  the difference ? 
  russians are n't massively migrating to my country bringing along a backwards ideology, 
  north korean actually , you were so close, 
  why not any middle eastern country ? 
  you would think but fillon is doing well with young savvy entrepreneurs and old christians . 
  hardcore conservatives , not so much . 
  i was surprised, 
  funny how i 've never heard of ` far right ' gay bashing ( marine is n't far right ) . 
  but oh how i 've heard , witnessed and been a victim of gay bashing and harassment by a completely different segment of the populate . 
  take a wild guess . 
  that 's why many (  30 % ) of gays will vote for her . 
  i hang with some * very * conservative people . 
  actual alt-right ( not the alt-light you see on r/the _ donald ) you do n't know how pissed off conservatives are about that law . 
  they still talk about it . 
  most do n't even like le pen but she 's the closest thing they have to a politician they agree with . 
  if she did n't pass that stupid law then the country would n't have been so divided . 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm gay ), 
  what 's wrong with national priority to natives ? 
  she never claimed that , that 's why her party is still called fn, 
  gay guy here , i 'm voting for her . 
  could n't give a crap about gay marriage, 
  you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  learn what happens if they do n't wear it . 
  wow , equating women 's oppression to common decency . 
  it is a huge deal . 
  you do n't have to wear it so you do n't care and do n't suffer the consequences if you do n't wear it . 
  we 're talking about islam 's treatment of women and you 're talking about us intervention in the middle east . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  opposes evil , wears hijab in iran, 
  wow , are you a genius ? 
  if wearing hijab is diplomacy what do you call insulting the president of the united states ? 
  did n't they insult donald trump ? 
  good, 
  brb moving to russia, 
  i 've read it , since r/france called us ( chepamec and myself ) out on it, 
  french is a difficult language, 
  i have n't come across any . 
  we have people from around the world supporting us , sometimes with memes full of grammar mistakes . 
  but i do n't think you can pretend to be french, 
  i am french, 
  it 's so ridiculous that people really believe this . 
  it 's so unimaginable to them that people * actually like what she 's saying * . 
  oh no no , it 's got to be those pesky russians . 
  crazy /, 
  clearly setting up a scapegoat for when damaging info leaks from the mainstream parties . 
  blame in on the russians, 
  i 'm in one of those screenshots . 
  ama if you want facts . 
  i can assure you we are not helping any russians, 
  no , he 's gay, 
  what, 
  `` i 'm not calling him hitler , but he came to power under similar circumstances '', 
  `` i 'm not calling him hitler , but he could be kinda like him '', 
  we all biased , mate . 
  i do n't think you understand my comments, 
  [ they have other options besides beautiful europe ] ( http://image.noelshack.com/fichiers/2017/03/1484867662-7wh7rphaob1y.jpg ) why do n't rich arab countries take them in ? 
  such as saudi arabia with its 100,000 empty air conditioned tents ? 
  [ source for merkel ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/19/angela-merkel-admits-mistakes-asylum-seekers-election ), 
   if you think you ca n't have islam without the government i sincerely think you are mistaking . 
  you ca n't and i 'm not . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xemhko5mc6c ), 
  thank you , i was starting to feel like the only one not fighting for our own demise here . 
  radical islam is an extreme threat to our civilization , our culture and our way of life . 
  [ the problem is defining where radical and moderate islam ends . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xemhko5mc6c ), 
  some deep reking right there . 
  i never knew about the hadith or muslim scholars until i read his comment . 
  i sure dun learned today !, 
  i paraphrased, 
  yeah , because they moved to a western country . 
  i would do the same if i were them , we live in the best place in the world . 
  islam is a form of government , a complex system of law , a religion , a culture , a way of life , etc. 
  people do n't realize that and start comparing it with other religions . 
  she hates her country and has flooded our beautiful continent with economic migrants , most are uneducated , young and somewhat healthy males . 
  she even admitted it was a mistake , what with the 1400 nye rapes and islamic trucks of peace and all . 
  yes , terrorists follow migrant routes , who would have thought ? 
  yup . 
  any countries ruled by that archaic system ? 
  ( excluding israel ),
