i think you mean the greatest city in the world , 
  excuse me ... ? 
  that is unbelievably rude and short-sighted , no matter condescending . 
  please do elaborate on those other ways ? 
  you 're talking about a constitution voted in just after a military regime ended and the people of catalonia had been under its subjugation for decades . 
  context is * relevant * and you 're missing it . 
  we are trusting the government we voted in to do what we voted them in to do . 
  i 'm not sure you 're considering the fact we 've got human rights and one of those is the right to self-determination and to not be unlawfully harmed by your government . 
  i 'm a volunteer , they ca n't really stop me from participating without violating my most basic human rights . 
  it has n't been solved through the means you 're suggesting in the past 40 years of democracy . 
  it 's not the first time we ask for better conditions, 
   it 's still a minority ( but very loud , as always ) . 
  that is not stating numbers . 
  never, 
  where the hell did you stay that you got that ? 
  when i was in the hospital it was so bland and disgusting i almost ripped the iv out and went to the cafeteria, 
  that 's really beautiful, 
  i know , right ? 
  back when i was in school they used to use kitchen brushes to apply it from pots . 
  it made me so sad . 
  highjacking the catalan thread to say if you eat toast or proper sandwiches without tomato you 're wrong and do n't know the good things in life . 
  he 's prince of girona and addressed as such when he 's acting in that capacity , like when in official acts of his eponymous foundation . 
  one of his titles is prince of girona, 
  it 's really sad how accurate this description of spain is, 
  it 's also the international day against fascism and antisemitism ( in remembrance of * kristallnacht * ) , which is oddly approppiate , considering catalunya 's history with fascism . 
  considering the situation of our roads , your quip is one of the finest on here . 
  spain is finally in the top 3 of something !, 
  in spain , alcohol and cigarrettes are legal for everyone over 18 . 
  that being said , it 's just as easy to get ahold of them if you 're underage as if you 're not . 
  getting into clubs that sell alcohol has never been a problem for anyone here , regardless of their age ( i 've seen people as young as 13 in clubs , drinking ) . 
  getting cigarettes is just a matter of buying them at the machines . 
  most of them now are key-controlled , so you 'll have to get the permission from the owner . 
  i 've not seen anyone being rejected , even if they looked positively young . 
  i have bought cigarettes myself for my mother when i was really young , at the local quiosk . 
  no questions asked . 
  as for drugs , they 're technically illegal but certain ones ( like weed ) have a described amount that can be considered ` personal use ' . 
  that goes for both the actual substance and growing the plant . 
  all in all , i 'd say it 's pretty easy to get them , especially pills and weed , and that the laws against them are n't enforced as they should . 
  i feel it 's different - in the eu you generally need the agreement of all countries to decide on something and that makes me feel more comfortable than our current situation . 
  on top of that , entering the eu is a choice made by a state but being a part of spain is n't a choice for us . 
  the big problem in spain is that we 've tried time and time again to have our interests represented . 
  they literally said they [ `` fucked our estatut '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi7ihylvnri ) among other things . 
  i 'd like my vote to count and my government to represent me without a higher one just ruling over it . 
  calm your tits man , you 're very aggressive, 
  i can honestly say this is one of the most emotional days of my life so far . 
  my grandfather fought in the civil war and he died a few years ago - he was a very reasonable man who only wanted to work and provide for his family . 
  and he also wanted his country to prosper and have the future its citizens wanted for it . 
  i 'm sure he would be very proud today and i 'm sad he did n't get the chance to see this . 
  another little story : i was a volunteer in the mock referendum we had on 9n . 
  lots and lots of people came , with their children , with their parents and grandparents . 
  they were all emotional and they were all happy to finally be granted the chance to have a voice . 
  a true one , not one drowned in the spanish government who mocks us and mistreats us . 
  there were also a lot of first generation immigrants who came with carpets full of papers just in case ( they were n't sure if they had the right ones so they brought all of them ) telling us about how the country had accepted and welcomed them and how they loved catalonia now . 
  for those people calling us selfish and saying we only want to cause pain , we are not doing this out of a desire for more money or a nationalistic aggrandisement , we just want to have our own voice and our own interests , culture and history respected . 
  jxs\u00ed promised an independent catalonia in 18 months, 
  congratulations to all my fellow countrymen , 
  what a lovely way to cut to the `` sellable '' bits while ignoring the rest . 
  i do n't see a problem with any of those clips - he is spanish , and so are we all here in catalonia . 
  that 's what we 're trying to change . 
  he does n't know if there 's a majority yet , that 's why we want the election , etc. 
  this seems like a cheap way to try and self-congratulate those who infantilize catalonia and believe this is all a little tantrum . 
  it 's also very suspicious, 
  my favourite bit was yesterday 's video of all of pp 's big wigs speaking in catalan . 
  thanks for shedding some light on that users context !, 
  i was only vaguely aware of the issues around cyprus !, 
  and i gave you the answer of the spanish governments ' president . 
  you say civil war is justified , i disagree . 
  i believe war based on the democratic will of part of your population is n't justified . 
  you can use google translate for this : http://www.elmundo.es/enredados/2015/09/22/5601404f268e3e54548b4588.html even if a spanish national resides outside of the spanish territory they can retain their citizenship if they so wish . 
  and we 're in the 21st century in a supposedly advanced and progressive society . 
  civil war should never be justified . 
   i will still be european , as i will still hold spanish nationality . 
  that is n't a lie . 
   what ? 
  how can you be this delusional ? 
  the spanish president just confirmed this a couple days ago . 
  and how can you say that civil war would be justified ? 
  a war on `` your citizens '' , as spain would classify us , is never justified . 
   no reason no reason ? 
  i beg to differ . 
  i believe there is a right to self-determination and to direct your own fate . 
  i will still be european , as i will still hold spanish nationality . 
  that is n't a lie . 
  there have also been reports by respected economists that our economy would be alright . 
  it is not nonsense . 
  i suggest you find them and give them a read . 
  if you consider that giving peoples their right to self determination is carving up europe , i think you 're misguided . 
  i believe cultural differences enrich us and letting catalonia play on a level field with the rest of europe would only benefit us all . 
  and saying spain would be legitimised in using the army against a peaceful people just because we do n't want to live under their thumb forever is bordering on fascism and * that * would be an ugly thing to do just a few decades after a civil war . 
   because your movement is inherently destructive , led by liars and to recognize such an independence is to betray every other eu state that has some minority that might want independence as well . 
   i would like an explanation on this , not only accusations . 
  inherently destructive ? 
  how ? 
  how are we betraying every other eu state that has a minority ? 
  we owe them nothing when it comes to their territorial integrity . 
  woah . 
  comparing independence to a bloody civil war is nothing short of propaganda . 
  voldemort ? 
  woah , the level of vitriol is interesting . 
  what 's it to you what the catalan people want and desire for their future ?
