  instead , they decide to charge more vat . 
  that 's why we say that these austerity measures do n't work, 
  i do n't know . 
  perhaps they mean the vat and businesses able to avoid giving it to the goverment . 
  the way the whole receipt system works provides loopholes that they take advantage . 
  greeks do n't use plastic money and it 's really hard to keep track of transactions done by cash . 
  we all have credit cards or debit but we rarely use them . 
  we are used with cash, 
  only police and military people get early retirement here ( i do n't agree ) . 
  also people that work in mines and generally really unhealthy jobs like that ( i agree ) . 
  as far as i know , the others get over 62 at least with most people 65 and 67, 
  the programs and loans simply do n't work . 
  we have been saying that all along . 
  regardless , we were doing better until the last elections when syriza came . 
  i am not saying that it 's totally their fault but both sides are to blame . 
  different philisophy that was not liked by many in europe . 
  now , most people say that the new deal will work but i disagree . 
  60 % chance we will be talking about this again next year imo, 
  what ??? 
  how ?? 
  fixed . 
  i like the interaction with my fellow europeans and reading about other countries from their citizens first hand . 
  i also like [ this pic . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0trhkui.jpg ) i dislike the sudden greek hatred coming from a lot of redditors . 
  everything we say is a lie except if a ** foreign ** source confirms it :(, 
  i am sick and tired of answering questions like that on reddit . 
  what do you think we do ? 
  a nation of thieves ? 
  hide the money and pay 0 taxes ? 
  we are paid through the banks . 
  the tax people know how much we get and charge us the amount . 
  you ca n't just hide the paycheck or the house you own . 
  i own a business and i have to pay througb the banks . 
  i ca n't hide anything . 
  stop saying we are lazy and do n't pay taxes . 
  i can show you my tax bill last year and i bet you 1000000 euros that i paid more than you . 
  enough already !, 
  best federation ever . 
  we would fight who gets to fuck up first lol, 
  same here, 
  all greeks agree that the public sector needs fixing and that 's where mainly the problem is . 
  the problem is not greeks not paying taxes but the whole world thinks that 's the problem . 
  the country wastes way to much money to function . 
  it 's like having a really old car that burns 1000 litres of gasoline per km and sticking with it instead of buying a new economic car . 
  the way the last programs work is by killing the private sector by overtaxing them , lower the low wages even more and the money goes to pay the public sector and the loans . 
  the new program has some nice plans but also has even more taxes to the private sector . 
  the small business that remained will now close as well and the big companies that did n't leave greece these past years will now have to leave . 
  even more people out of work . 
  one of the good thing that this goverment did was give the people a chance to pay the taxes they owed by spliting payments for up to 100 months ( depending on the amount ) . 
  the new deal makes the goverment cancel that because they did n't ask the europeans ' opinion on that . 
  the results were amazing but now they have to scrap that, 
  exactly the same in greece, 
  - `` if you all please watch the tv '' - '' i ca n't see . 
  some leader 's head is blocking it '', 
  the union as eu was fine . 
  the common currency complicated things though . 
  not everyone was prepared . 
  countries that are supposed to join the ez now have second thoughts, 
  completely wrong . 
  by the time you get electricity then the house is considered finished and the taxes are paid . 
  the metal you leave on top is in case you decide to build another floor and connect it to make it solid . 
  we have tons of earthquakes . 
  do you also think that people cut electricity to avoid taxes ; lol, 
  read my comment above, 
  wtf . 
  the reason you see the houses unfinished is because you do n't have as much money . 
  some fathers start the houses for their kids to finish . 
  they have no money to built the whole thing so they at least get the property , the permit and put the cement . 
  those things alone could cost a fortune . 
  edit : downvote all you want but that 's the truth . 
  also read my other comment below about electricity and taxes, 
  i do n't like tsipras but he is the prime minister so i support him in his european venture . 
  the people who i do n't support and never will are konstantopoulou , kammenos and varoufakis . 
  the first two because they are money hungry bastards , narcisists and they should just get lost and varoufakis because he has no place in politics . 
  you make it sound like greece has done nothing these past 5 years which is totally not true . 
  [ there you go ] ( http://www.cycladia.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/fix2.jpg ), 
  i thought that we ( greeks ) broke it since we are on the front page a lot, 
  do n't worry . 
  young people are totally retarded everywhere  i was a teenager once :'(, 
  that was before things turned to shit . 
  things were poo . 
  now things are shit . 
  there is a difference, 
  hugo boss ? 
  sorry the source is in greek . 
  there were also `` no '' rallies last night but most say the crowd was bigger tonight, 
  i would n't believe that source . 
  edit : really ? 
  efimerida syntakton ? 
  a reliable source ? 
  downvote all want but that paper is crap, 
  or take some needed measures at the moment and then work out a plan to get out of the euro without pissing on the people by defaulting . 
  i am sure that if they all work together they could find a way, 
  nobody knows except them but one thing is for sure . 
  the plan failed to save greece . 
  austerity did n't work, 
  i think the most important thing that people forget is that syriza is a far left party . 
  so you want tsipras to kick out the far-left voices in a far left party ? 
  just a quiet summer week ... 
  people have lost everything the past few years in greece , the suicides have increased by 100000000000 % and things are only getting worse .
