me too, 
  you forgot the new one that we are lazy and do n't pay taxes, 
  would you look at that !, 
  we do n't suck at something, 
  i chose them just for an example . 
  i do n't really know what is happening now but my brother 's gf who is from slovakia tells me that things are good now there, 
  i never said they did but you ca n't compare enver hoxha with gust\u00e1v hus\u00e1k for instance, 
  depends on the type of leadership the countries had during the communist era and after the break . 
  check out slovenia or czech republic compared to many others . 
  i am not saying communism was good but some countries handled it better than others . 
  this is correct but we really do n't think cyprus is a different country, 
  mark as inaccurate please, 
  what year is this ? 
  greece has doubled it 's taxes last year, 
  he was really famous in greece, 
  it goes something like this : 0 to 5000 - 15 % , 5001 to 10000 - 20 % , 10001 to 25000 - 25 % , 25 to 40000 - 30 % , and everything above that 40 % . 
  also you have to give 55 % of the sum for next years taxes which will be subtracted from the next year . 
  even if you have n't earned it yet . 
  the percentage numbers might be a bit off cause i 'm no accountant . 
  you get the idea though . 
  businesses pay 26 % from the first cent + 55 % from that for next year taxes . 
  an advanced pay . 
  these are the correct numbers cause i own a business and payed my ass off this year, 
  there are certain businesses like mine that can not cheat a cent because everything is given with receipts . 
  these type of businesses are almost all dead because of the taxes, 
  i do n't know what the sources were but that is certainly not correct, 
  car insurance is mandatory even if you lock your car in the garage for a full year . 
  ok we needed money for the bailout and all that but what exactly does this graph show ? 
  who gave what to who ? 
  what do the rich countries benefit from who ? 
  the precentage of each country 's economy ? 
  i really have a hard believing that the rich would give to the poor just for the heck of it . 
  there must be a reason behind this and i would really like someone to eli5 to me . 
  honest question, 
  happy happy !, 
  do n't call me shirley, 
  i know the island of tilos performed some marriages and years ago , a gay couple was married in my town hall . 
  the town 's name is arahova, 
  not quite accurate . 
  there are places in greece where it is legal, 
  most non-serious cases takes ages to finish in court . 
  we suck at that also . 
  nothing to do with the bloggers, 
  come on , the opinion of a police chief matters that much ? 
  i am talking about the country of greece , not individuals criticizing each other or getting paid by rich people . 
  does the law set limits on what is published ? 
  they only set limits on privacy . 
  bloggers were sued by individuals although the court dismissed the cases . 
  that does n't show that greece does not allow freedom of press . 
  as for vaxevanis , he was wrong on getting all the names published without fact checking but he too was not charged, 
  can you please tell me an example of a professional reporter getting silenced ? 
  i only know the lagarde list incident but he was not charged with anything in court, 
  i knew that corruption is massive here but i did n't expect to be so low in media freedom . 
  i mean , we have the shittiest press around but i know there is freedom to write whatever comes to mind . 
  the internet is full of blogs and news sites that publish anything they want and nothing is blocked . 
  does n't that count as freedom ? 
  same here, 
  greek here . 
  there is no way that we can pay the debt , neither us or ireland or spain but we will get our asses into the markets next year . 
  it turns out that the calculations were wrong and the measures are not enough . 
  what the global economy needs is the feeling that everything is alright . 
  the rest is just numbers . 
  downvote me all you want but it is as simple as that . 
  there is no separatist group in crete , greece, 
  you should n't . 
  the latest firefox is better than chrome, 
  greek here . 
  those tattoos were never popular here like the article states . 
  the members of the party are getting them removed . 
  how about i stick a pack of cigarettes up your ass, 
  first place yeah ... ... wait, 
  i 've been there a few times and many friends have been soldiers there and we all could n't stand it . 
  maybe it is the humidity or something . 
  among other things mentioned here , it is super hot in the summer, 
  i 'm all for bashing our government and all that but those people did not belong there at the first place . 
  among other things , overspending is one thing that brought us here . 
  it is known for a while now . 
  no surprise there . 
  the poor are still paying the bill, 
  also the eu and imf think we are making good progress . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  exactly . 
  i know plenty of policemen that say the same thing . 
  mostly in the ghetto sections of athens, 
  about time . 
  this time , the government has the people on its side according to a recent survey . 
  i mean , a person died for fucks sake . 
  time to punish those nutcases, 
  not all police . 
  a lot of high ranking policemen were fired this week, 
  and they say germans have no sense of humour, 
  wrong . 
  the latest poll showed a drop from 16 % to 5 % and those are probably the really old and uniformed . 
  new info about their actions are coming out every day, 
  you are right about the far-right voters in greece and that is because of papadopoulos and his gang still have followers . 
  after all , it is really recent greek history although those far-right voters are really old and most of those people will soon be unavailable during voring day . 
  karatzaferis ' party proved just that . 
  the point i was trying to make is nazism . 
  the article talks about that . 
  golden dawn got the votes from angry people that hated the traditional political parties in greece .
