  the article is about tsipras so i talked about him.also , i said we need a coalition , not pasok or nd, 
  you obviously did not read it . 
  it mentions greece, 
  sure . 
  all greeks take a lot of vacation time and are generally lazy . 
  sure i am greek and i work my ass off since i was 16 . 
  so do the rest of my friends and family . 
  those who work for the government have all the benefits but it 's a small percentage . 
  the rest of us work as hard although the weather and all the beaches help us to relax . 
  it 's is easier to have a fast getaway . 
  is that so bad ? 
  how do you think we earn our money ? 
  moneyrain ? 
  we work hard too !, 
  tsipras just says what the - rightfully - angry people want to hear . 
  he has no idea how to run a country and the people that surround him have no idea what they are talking about . 
  what needs to be done now is form a coalition government with samaras , tsipras and kouvelis and get started on bringing the country back to the right track . 
  one party alone can not do that . 
  any party i said those three because they represent center-right , left , and center left, 
  ... civilization, 
  actually they had 0.29 %, 
  that 's because they are full of shit, 
  that 's her although that 's not a serious green party . 
  the real one got 3 %, 
  there is a lot ( 32 ) parties to choose from and even a pornstar but some idiots voted for those meatheads . 
  i voted for a small party to get rid of those thugs that were running the country up to now but voting for hrisi avgi is just as idiotic, 
  i know . 
  it was a joke, 
  * runs to the corner *, 
  in distomo they got lots of votes too . 
  idiots . 
   almost 20 % for hard core communists when did this happen ? 
  nd and pasok is everything that is wrong with this country . 
  all other parties that entered parliament are moderate and reasonable enough to take decisions except hrysi avgi ( see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/t9y0i/greek_main_parties_suffer_big_losses_at_polls/c4kv055 ) ), 
  pasok has nothing to do with socialism, 
  true, 
  greeks are to blame that europe 's economy is suffering, 
  i do n't know . 
  parts of greece that show light in 2010 are not even populated . 
  there is a line in the northwest but that is a big new highway , not towns, 
  during the recent years , the left parties are not as strong so the left voters just vote for kke because it is at least stable . 
  i have a few friends that do that . 
  pasok lost the real leftists years ago . 
  now i think they will vote for the new party by fotis kouvelis and syriza, 
  the communist party of greece is still responsible for a lot of workers rights by controlling many workers unions and that 's why they elect them there . 
  they are always the `` loudest '' voice in parliament as well but they will never get higher numbers than 12 % . 
  most of the voters are not necessarily communists but they do n't want to vote for the big parties . 
  most of them are just leftists, 
  i do, 
  i am deeply ashamed and in the same time sad of what they did to my country and how us greeks have wrongly become the laughing stock of europe, 
  look , the argument is not childish although some people act childish . 
  macedonia included their territory and some other countries but the capital was vergina and thessaloniki was the most important city back then . 
  both those places were in greece . 
  take a look at [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_\\ ( ancient_kingdom \\ ) ) map . 
  see ? 
  that is the map of macedonia, 
  btw it is not just the name . 
  it is the whole fyrom attitude that they are the real macedonians and we are nothing . 
  saying that to a country is not really nice , is it ? 
  naming airports and impoortant places after alexander the great added to the whole argument . 
  we got pissed and the rest is history . 
  let 's have an internet argument , 
  the people agreed with new macedonia but the politicians fucked up once again, 
  still . 
  what 's wrong with the males there ? 
  dude , i know we are not completely innocent but i am saying that the simple people share a very small percent of the blame . 
  george papandreou won the last election by saying that there is enough money to go around ( the famous `` lefta yparxoun '' ) . 
  the pm before him was warning about it and just then the people started saying `` do you think there really is a problem ? '', 
  stop say that the greeks are thieves and lazy . 
  if joe knew that the situation was not good then he would of done something about it . 
  we were told that everything was ok, 
  actually they do n't . 
  all they did with the new signing last night was ask from the private sector to stop asking for their money back in return of new bonds and chance to invest in greece with minimal requirements . 
  probably not but even if , europe can not afford a defaulted country in the zone, 
  the greek citizens and especially the young people that were raised after the junta , are not to blame for all of this . 
  the corrupt political system that was born after the fall of the military and the thirst for equality in all citizens are to blame . 
  the leftists were being punished for their beliefs by the junta so they took power after that and `` showed '' those bastards how equality is . 
  they created a country based on the public sector and really fucked up . 
  nobody did anything about it because everybody was having a good time so we ended up with this mess we are today . 
  europe and the politicians should have done something about it but did n't . 
  please stop blaming the everyday joe 's for everything . 
  we worked and paid the taxes we were supposed to pay . 
  big corporations ( mostly state owned ) did n't keep their side of the bargain so we ended up with an unbearable debt . 
  the whole teasing with turkey made both countries pay huge amounts in `` defence '' weapons ( europe was supposed to pay some because we are the borders of europe but did n't pay ) . 
  all that and all the stealing by politicians and contractors with the goverment , brought greece to it 's knees . 
  discuss ... 
  totally different situation here . 
  we are part of the eurozone, 
  change `` lisbon '' to `` athens '' and you just described greece, 
  i thought greek would be harder, 
  i believe that the ratings are high, 
  there is nothing there in greece, 
  prime minister alexandros papanastasiou proclaims the first recognized [ greek republic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_hellenic_republic ) . 
  2011 : pm george papandreou and company , destroy it :(, 
  how much worse could it be ? 
  in the current conditions , anybody but papandreou lol, 
  yes but advisors do not make decisions . 
  they just try to help the leader take the decisions . 
  their judgment is based on what is needed to be done . 
  politicians on the other side , make decisions based on votes,
