  happy new year from greece and stuff ... 
  most boring paparazzi job ever, 
  are they some mountain tribe stuck in the 70s ? 
  that 's how we recognise germans here in greece although many europeans are now copying it, 
  yeah that 's why we need walls and make mexico pay for them . 
  i do n't care if there is an ocean between us . 
  pay up !, 
  the equivalent for them is the border with canada not states . 
  states are not countries, 
  a state is not an independent country . 
  we might share common laws and sometimes currency here in europe but each country is ruled by their own governments . 
  poli ( \u03c0\u03bf\u03bb\u03b7 ) means city in greek . 
  asti ( \u03b1\u03c3\u03c4\u03c5 ) also means city but it 's `` old greek '' , nomia means law so it 's ` city law ' . 
  i am not sure but polis might come from the greek word meaning ` city . 
  he is claiming to be sick but he is jailed during the trial . 
  there could be other reasons as well but i do n't know them, 
  he is in jail, 
  of course you should be careful of your sources but that does n't mean that the internet is unreliable, 
  this subject could also fit in the `` current events '' category since it is still fresh and the trial is n't finished . 
  22 years is nothing . 
  you heard it here . 
  we do n't learn everything from school you know . 
  the new generation has the internet which is an unlimited source of news , history etc. 
  imagine us older people that had nothing at all . 
  you should feel lucky . 
  thousands of years history ca n't fit in school hours . 
  imagine living in a history filled country like greece or italy . 
  there would be no time for anything else, 
  if i saw that i would think it 's an ad for a ski resort called frivilligkaren, 
  companero sounds so awesome, 
  as another user said , it 's still too early for history books . 
  the current generation are probably learning about it or are about to be added to classes . 
  i remember it like it was yesterday since it happened very close, 
  hope this ends soon . 
  still ca n't forget the summer when half of peloponnese was on fire . 
  thanks to all firefighters and volunteers especially in southern europe . 
  be safe, 
  damn !, 
  although lately they do n't need any help fucking shit up, 
  evening standard is looking good . 
  what is that ? 
  trash or serious ? 
  i know that tsipras and those idiots are completely useless but the point that i 'm trying to make is that we are irrelevant . 
  the us goverment on the other hand influences countless other countries and millions of peopple outside of the us . 
  we all have out own problems and idiots but some things like climate change or racism we must agree on, 
  are you trying to compare eg . 
  greece to the us ? 
  we have major economic and political problems but at the end of the day it 's `` who gives a shit about a country with 11million people '' . 
  when it comes to trump we are talking about an economic powerhouse of 300m people that many countries depend on . 
  decisions there effect many millions outside of your country . 
  your military is also spread around the globe . 
  it 's not greece or lithuania we are talking about here . 
  the same would apply if germany or france elected an absolute madman to be their leader . 
  you can only compare trump to farage . 
  berlusconi and lepen are also idiots but nothing compared to trump . 
  also when it was a battle between 2 names , lepen got shit . 
  edit : do n't compare france to the us . 
  france got 3 major terrorist attacks in the last 2-3 years . 
  there is a lot of fear and confusion in the voters mind . 
  still lepen got shit, 
  the rest of the world is tired of hearing that . 
  you put him there and that means that you wanted him there . 
  the other excuse is also invalid . 
  the popular vote went to hillary but the percentage he got was huge . 
  in any other civilised country an idiot like that would get 3-4 % maximum . 
  if you want to make it right again , get him out of there, 
  half of those are wrong . 
  come on, 
  the thing is that the charges will probably be dropped in a few days although that is no excuse . 
  we still suck, 
  pasok were not really leftists the last few years although they would never vote for nd so syriza is the way to go, 
  lafazanis is one of the early members of syriza and a true leftist . 
  believe me , he knows best . 
  syriza is still a `` small '' party but it is preparing for the next elections . 
  noone expected the many votes it got and it is natural to be unprepared . 
  for the first time in 30 years , greeks voted for more than 2 parties . 
  people want a coalition of parties to govern in order for them to keep an eye on the other . 
  it 's a start . 
  almost all greeks love feta . 
  part of every meal, 
  i hate feta as well . 
  there were cameras and all that in the studio, 
  it 's like the doctor and the reporter but without the tits, 
  i hate papandreou 's politics as much as you do, 
  wot ? 
  i do n't know if you are greek or not but kouris lost touch with reality years ago . 
  he was friends with papandreou back in the 80s and even was under his payroll . 
  nowadays , he just gets sued by people for writing crap in his crap tabloid, 
  [ no ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/ujwpe/one_of_the_most_outspoken_newspapers_in_greece/c4w1kkm ), 
  really ? 
  who the fuck posts this shit ? 
  noone reads that crappy paper . 
  last sunday it sold 438 papers . 
  yes . 
  edit : i accidentally a word, 
  hopefully by then we 'll have a real government, 
  what does that mean ? 
  you are right about that but i also think that tsipras is not the right man to do the job . 
  my opinion, 
  i never said nd and pasok would be better .
