  this is no laughing matter . 
  please . 
  you are on a decline . 
  we are only getting better, 
  greeks are really disapointed with the goverment ( s ) at the moment and that might reflect the survey . 
  so disapointed that they vote for crap like gd . 
  do n't worry . 
  it will turn around someday, 
  there 's more if you open the list . 
  wtf ? 
  why the hate ? 
  i do n't know about the other countries but they got greece wrong, 
  as far as i know , there was a single doctor that signed those slips and many people happily excepted their `` blindness '' . 
  not all greeks are like that . 
  please . 
  it was a big deal when it came here and everybody checked it out . 
  we found nothing interesting so we said `` fuck this '' . 
  by the time they put good shows , it was not a big deal anymore and everybody had moved on . 
  as we say here , `` the start is the half of everything '' ( my translation but you get the point ), 
  from what i read , turkey wants to solve some of their problems with cyprus by taking advantage of the refugee crisis . 
  cyprus just leaked that it would block anything that could go against their dispute about the north . 
  this is much more complicated edit : http://www.kathimerini.gr/852259/article/epikairothta/politikh/pieseis-ths-toyrkias-sthn-kypro added source in greek, 
  wrong . 
  there was a deal to let iraqis , afghans and syrians through and now they just let a few syrians only per day . 
  why ? 
  libya does n't have a war ? 
  true, 
  let me just say that i am not talking about economic immigrants ( albanians etc. . . ) . 
  i am talking about war refugees . 
  all europeans have been through this but some have actually seen it . 
  i remember like it was yesterday that civil war and the people suffering . 
  no and i do n't really have anything against them . 
  i 'm just feeling really sad about the refugees especially seeing the little kids . 
  i am also angry at greek people who are against them for no reason . 
  i keep reminding them about the greek civil war and how we did exactly the same thing, 
  i do n't think so because there are many many more former yugoslavs living here . 
  perhaps illegal from back then, 
  after seeing all these balkan countries close their border to the refugees , the only thing i can think of is how easily people forget . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  this was just a few years ago, 
  the map is wrong at least in greece and cyprus . 
  there are more in both . 
  i meant they have no choice, 
  sure . 
  they 'll rather stay home and get killed, 
  the first time i agree with something tsipras has done . 
  nice, 
  the first time i agree with something tsipras has done . 
  nice, 
  we are broke but not a 5th world country, 
  then do n't trust bbc about the eu issue . 
  simple as that . 
  no news agency in the world is 100 % neutral but bbc is as close as it gets . 
  the greek economic crisis and the refugee crisis proved that europe can not deal with these problems as a whole . 
  by expending the union even more the problems will get even bigger . 
  free trade union should expand , common laws that help everybody ( health , equality etc etc ) should exist but a common currency and common borders proved wrong and we all know it . 
  example : last week all nations decided to let their borders open for legal immigrants . 
  16 hours after the summit , fyrom , serbia and austria chose to close the borders to afghans and most of the others and broke the agreement . 
  austria also decided to call for a summit with the balkan countries about the problem except greece . 
  the point i am trying to make is that the more the countries , the harder to reach a common decision about all issues . 
  i am not being hostile to other countries . 
  i think we all are equal but some times , politics fucks things up . 
  small correction . 
  northern greece does not have a different word for kosmos . 
  they call it the same as the rest of the country, 
  exactly . 
  i know many people that have hunting rifles but nobody that has a pistol or anything like that, 
  i agree especially about the gd part . 
  they voted for syriza . 
  there were parts in crete especially that gd did n't get a single vote except is you using sarcasm . 
  if yes , ignore my stupid comment, 
  here they are chasing the cops instead of the other way around lol http://www.iefimerida.gr/sites/default/files/agrotes3_3.jpg, 
  exactly . 
  he made frontpage here in greece because of that . 
  he has that oldschool cretan look . 
  they are famous for being tough, 
  http://www.protothema.gr/files/1/2016/02/12/stivaktakis-agrotikis-anaptiksis.jpg you do n't want to mess with cretans . 
  btw i think there are more farmers than 800, 
  it 's been a while since we were in the news for a good reason . 
  feels nice  i 'm sure tsipras and the troika will announce some more new taxes tomorrow and even things out :(, 
  never heard a cretan say they should be a different state . 
  yes , they consider themselves tougher and all that but that 's about it . 
  brb going to murder somebody, 
  i see your point but in greece a murder is a really rare thing . 
  it is a big deal when it happens . 
  perhaps because of the austerity measures and all the strikes and perhaps some riots people thing it 's not safe and all that . 
  they think it happens all over the country and all the time which is far from reality . 
  it was a real issue back when we had no other problems . 
  now it 's just something that pisses us off . 
  not a huge issue anymore . 
  of course there are some meatheads that still make a big fuss about it, 
  ikaria is known for having really relaxed people . 
  having been in almost all islands in that part of the aegean , they all share the relaxed way of living . 
  they do n't really give a fuck . 
  must be something in the atmosphere lol, 
  known for its people living over 100 years old http://www.alongerhealthylife.com/longevity-village/symi-greece-longevity-hotspot/, 
  have all the issues and all the issues of lucky luke . 
  the asterix video game was also one of my favorite in the arcade store, 
  not bulgarians . 
  cyril and methodius,
