  after the greek crisis , a huge amount of people said , `` take this you bastards '' and threw the gd ballot in the box . 
  they did n't suddenly become nazists or fascists . 
  people need to understand that . 
  gd is already fading back to obvilion especially after the recent events . 
  they will probably lose all their parliamentary seats by the next election . 
  syriza ( left party ) also got 30 % compared to their usual 3-4 % . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/oivz3m8 ) is part of my town . 
  try biking that, 
  the countryside and especially the islands are totally different than that . 
  much more beautiful, 
  correct . 
  it 's really hard to use a bike in greece . 
  in the town next to mine , everybody uses a bike cause it 's really flat . 
  in my town , no more than 1 % do . 
  also , public transport usage has doubled due to the gas prices doubling over the past 2 years, 
  basically , all nations try to emphasize the `` us against them '' so greece is not the only country trying to foster nationalism . 
  it is perfectly healthy to do that as a nation . 
  it would be nationalism if they were teaching about papadopoulos and his gang or the king , not venizelos . 
  my opinion . 
  the thing that makes me angry is the way they promote christianity in schools, 
  main part of the history books besides ancient greece is the creation of the modern nation of greece after fighting the ottomans, 
  it was much better than now, 
  without the euro backing us , we would n't be in this situation in the first place . 
  euro is made for strong economies , not us, 
  true, 
  speak for yourself . 
  the south is doing worse and it 's not because we are lazy and all that nonsense, 
  we also have a huge variety of bread and my grandma used to make the best i have ever tasted . 
  [ this ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-zmffdmtgkh0/tvfw7bq58ni/aaaaaaaaat4/1cadontbziq/s1600/img_5591.jpg ) one is a good one i tasted lately . 
  brown bread with pistachios and other nuts, 
  same here !, 
  i am greek and i approve of this message . 
  also , the government is doing almost nothing about the private sector . 
  the only thing good for businesses that passed last night in parliament is the ability to pay your debts with many small payments, 
  i understood the joke if that 's what you mean, 
  the right column is what counts . 
  we suck, 
  perhaps it includes the water as well . 
  rare turtles and seal live there, 
  i know the islands . 
  the size of that green spot is really big though . 
  i wonder if there are other mistakes on other countries, 
  i do n't understand what that big green thing on greece is . 
  that 's not even land, 
  same here, 
  no , he does n't . 
  former pasok members make up his party now . 
  the crooks that caused all this mess, 
  we do blame the politicians that 's why golden dawn got all the votes they did . 
  people are not fascists like they are but they voted for them just to prove a point . 
  it is wrong i know but people just wanted to say `` fuck you '' to the traditional parties . 
  greeks know that golden dawn are a bunch of loonies . 
  read radaway 's post for the reasons we blame the germans, 
  finally something good about us . 
  no , it 's not the crisis . 
  i 've lived in other countries as well and i must say , food is really important for the greeks , wealthy or not, 
  enjoy, 
  greek and canadian here . 
  lived half my life in greece and half in canada, 
  i think the bankers know what they doing - for their own good of course, 
  i wish the same thing happened here in greece, 
  the list http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lagarde_list the gormer minister of finances might go to jail for hiding it . 
  other topics are poverty , corruption , poverty , corruption and the imf taking the wrong decisions to fight the debt, 
  at last we voted right on something, 
  the coast guard really found a ship with weapons . 
  it was all over the news . 
  the old pasok is in syriza now, 
  now, 
  this has nothing to do with surplus . 
  they just want the country to show a surplus in the economic year . 
  the debt is unsustainable no matter what . 
  the imf and many europeans say we need to talk about cutting debt . 
  the germans disagree . 
  the last agreement said that if the country shows a surplus then the measures could be easier for the following year . 
  it was about to show about 1 % surplus but then elections came . 
  everything changed and not only did syriza get his way , they signed an even worse agreement with worst austerity measures than ever . 
  the economy was slowly bouncing back . 
  then came syriza and killed everything . 
  now they are trying to get everything back . 
  i hope it 's not too late, 
  the banking sector is nothing to be sorry about . 
  it 's the private business that is dying and workers along with them . 
  the few that survived these past years are surely going to die now with the new austerity measures that they decided, 
  pretty good, 
  it was predicted by everybody . 
  the thing is to choose companies that go up . 
  there are stocks that are going up more than 15 % at the moment, 
  i think there is a limit although i predict about -17, 
  it was a joke, 
  according to this thread : north --  happy south --  not happy, 
  are you greek ? 
  according to most of the non-greeks , yes they do . 
  i 've been called lazy and tax thief among other things many many many times . 
  i work more than 10 hours a day for the whole week and pay tons of taxes :(, 
  currently at -17.5 %, 
  really simple . 
  if the courts decide that the tax agent did harm , he gets fired , pays back the money with interest and does pay a hefty fine as well . 
  if the violation involves a lot of money then jailtime should be in place as well . 
  no questions asked . 
  punishment at the moment is `` on leave '' until investigation finishes and then we 'll see .
