  then all is forgotten and then he returns to his job because we roll like that . 
  rarely you hear about arrests and punishments for them . 
  fuck this, 
  greeks reacted against corruption laws ? 
  are you insane ? 
  greeks reacted against raising the taxes , lowering pensions , anti-tourism laws and a lot of other laws except the laws that were against corruption and generally putting the public sector in place . 
  more than 40 % of greek businesses are now closed and the public sector is still shit after the measures the creditors forced greece to take . 
  i have no idea what your media are feeding you but they are not telling you the truth . 
  i have heard similar claims from other countries as well and it 's really sad that the media treats the southerners this way . 
  anyway , that was it for now . 
  i 'm done arguing about this in r/europe yet again, 
  when the police or tax people say something , it 's better to just obey . 
  also with your logic , all dutch people are junkies because there are coffee shops in amsterdam or all italians are mobsters because there is a mob in napoli etc. 
  are they ? 
  i do n't think it 's nice calling him a racist . 
  he is just really really dumb and misinformed, 
  what do you think we are ? 
  a country full of stealing criminals ? 
  also i never said just losing their job . 
  i said actually punishing them . 
  prison , taking their fortune and all that . 
  what the law says . 
  since you obviously have no idea what the deal is , let me give an example . 
  a guy from the tax agency goes to check on some business and he finds that the owner violated some law and has to pay 1000 euros . 
  the asshole agent says to the owner to give him 100euros to forget about it . 
  the owner agrees and they go their way . 
  sometimes if the owner disagrees , the agent actually doubles the fine because `` i told you so '' . 
  reminder : not all agents are like that . 
  a small but serious percentage is . 
  if the agent was actually scared of doing that , he would n't . 
  now if they get caught , the country is really unable to do anything because public workers are really hard to get fired . 
  nearly impossible . 
  thousands and thousands of times , people complain about corrupt public workers but nothing is actually done . 
  2nd edit . 
  people on the outside have no idea how corrupt the public sector is . 
  stop blaming the normal people . 
  when there was a article a few days ago that putin fired 10000 public sector workers , the comment section was full of greeks saying how we need something like that done . 
  we do n't approve the way the country works, 
  * next up : how greece is too blame for the world cup disaster *, 
  it 's not like germany has ever fucked up in the past , right ? 
  ca n't we just go without mentioning greece ? 
  enough already . 
  we are used to it by now, 
  you do n't have to bring foreigners to do your job . 
  the solution to all our tax collecting issues can be magically resolved by actually punishing violators . 
  i do n't mean the poor that actually do n't have to pay . 
  i mean the tax officials and the rich that actually steal from the country , get bribes or do n't pay because they do n't want too . 
  by just slapping the wrist you just invite them to do it again . 
  public workers are actually bribed all the time and they do n't even fire them . 
  if they feared to lose their jobs or lose all their money and belongings they would n't do it . 
  actually it all started under a center-left government and completed under center-right . 
  read carefully what i wrote, 
  what does they have to do with this thread ? 
  we are talking about varoufakis . 
  or did you see me say that the others were ok ? 
  please , we all know why our economy is shit . 
  let 's not have this discussion again . 
  he is not important . 
  he is a narcissist asshole that completely destroyed our already ill ecomomy . 
  some will say that his ideas are good but they forget that he is the minister of a nation and his decisions effect millions of lives and not some startup company . 
  fuck him ** edit : ** of course a greek gets downvoted . 
  typical but you would n't if he had completely destroyed your lives . 
  instead of completely disappearing like the old ministers did ( the least they could do ) , he continues the interviews and telling how correct he was and blames all the others , even tsipras that gave him everything and stood up for him for so long . 
  also , about being important , no he is not . 
  he only made it 5 months in politics . 
  i would n't call that importance . 
  he is the milli vanilli of politics, 
  yup . 
  still bottom . 
  even if it 's good , we 're still at the bottom of yet another list :(, 
  it says `` other '' which includes leventis, 
  it says `` other '' which includes leventis, 
  i 've never been there, 
  we buy coffee not food . 
  i do n't know why it says fast food, 
  til starbucks is a fast food chain, 
  it was doing better , not good, 
  the troika also stopped communicating with the goverment because it was certain they would lose . 
  it is also their fault . 
  i know i will get downvoted but it 's the truth . 
  even paul tomsen has said that, 
  let 's see ... `` i am policeman in a peaceful country like greece and i do mostly paperwork and stroll around saying hi and helping people . 
  money is more than enough and i love what i do . 
  time to quit ! '', 
  are you serious ? 
  lol why not ? 
  i am also going to give an example . 
  it seems that the average age of retirement has dropped in greece these past years . 
  nope . 
  many companies are firing people like hotcakes ( private and ex-public companies ) . 
  it is a inhuman to fire someone 55 years old so they give him an option to retire early and get a bit less money than normal thus the average goes down . 
  it is not normal to retire at this age in greece as most foreigners think . 
  statistics say otherwise if you think it is ok to just fire someone that age after 30 years then there is a problem with today 's society, 
  68 % of reddit users ( 68 points at the time ) agree with this, 
  so worked for 11 seasons in a 3rd world country . 
  nice . 
  if you judge pride and dignity by how much taxes you pay then you need help, 
  i answered in another comment that this is vat . 
  we all agree here that the receipt system does n't work . 
  one way to avoid that is by making people pay with cards .
