  i 'm almost compelled to say that turks are better at playing the victim than making baklava . 
  the guy trespassed , ignored orders to dock for inspection , ignored warning shots and after he was actually shot at he 's like `` omg !, 
  our lives were in danger ! '', 
  for real cap'n ? 
  what should they have done ? 
  if he does n't reply to warning shots , i guess real shots will follow = /, 
  ours forever !!, 
  you have a good point on the economic part but all that could all go to hell considering erdogan 's increasingly unstable attitude . 
  some things he 's doing/saying atm would seem crazy 10 years ago . 
  now . . not so much . 
  it might sound a bit childish but i can see him going all yolo fuelled by a `` turkey independent stronk '' mentality . 
  obviously reason indicates that he wo n't do that but yeah . . it 's erdogan we 're talking about . 
  shooting down russia 's jet was a bold move as well and the situation looked dire at first but the tension cooled down quite fast and now the two countries are considerably closer . 
  of course like you said the impact was n't as severe as it would have been from having the eu against you . 
  also i doubt that the us + eu would do worse to turkey cause they have decided that no matter how badly turkey acts up , they 're a country that we 'd rather keep close than risk sending over to russia . 
  the eu might be dependant on russian gas but it 's also dependant on turkey 's geostrategic importance . 
  between the two , it looks like the eu will always pick turkey even if erdogan gets to the point of basically making turkey a russia v2 .0 . 
  russia is simply the monster in eu 's eyes and turkey is the - now - necessary evil to keep close lest it joins the other `` bad guy '' . 
  so i do n't think in an event like the one we mentioned , the eu or usa would do worse than they did with russia . 
  anyway the point is that all this paranoia is mostly fuelled by the fact that greece sees erdogan as growingly unstable and more prone to rash actions combined with a nationalistic rhetoric . 
  perhaps nothing will happen but it 's just alarming . 
  better safe than sorry as they say . 
  before anything else , i should mention that when you see greeks `` worrying '' about a turkish invasion , 99 % of the time that is translated to a turkish hot episode to try to grab some island or at least set a strong case of disputing borders etc. 
  no one actually worries about turkey starting an all out invasion to take over greece , that 's silly , that would never work considering the two countries ' almost equal armed forces . 
  they could however pull something like imia/kardak or similar . 
  cyprus is another example although a lot more farfetched and complicated obviously . 
  obviously things are different lately with turkey 's stance towards europe . 
  turkey has lost some of the support is used to enjoy . 
  on the other hand edogan has shown more signs of aggression and honestly over here we really doubt that europe would actually go to war against turkey if they were to pull something like that . 
  vocal support is cool and all but if it came down to the tough stuff , would most of these countries actually actively support greece ? 
  in the same way , we do n't know how nato would react either . 
  in theory they should mobilize against turkey as an aggressor but i find that kind of unrealistic . 
  knowing how interests work , i 'm assuming that countries like the usa would intervene in an `` ok kids , stop it , play nice now '' manner to prevent further fighting but if turkey has already landed on the islands i 'm not sure they 'd actually force it to move out and we 'd end up with turkey de facto owning 2-3 aegean islands , everyone condemning the whole thing and nothing else happening about it . 
  that 's why i mentioned crimea . 
  turkey might not have the support it used to have from usa and europe but it still has a strong military that would make countries think twice before declaring war against it in order to support greece . 
  how is it equal rights when you forbid them the right to marry while heterosexuals enjoy that privilege ? 
  the kanye one . 
  being open and tolerant about homosexuality thousands of years before it was cool !, 
  so this is what hell must be like for turks . 
  must be the new trend of german jokes that no one gets :p, 
  it was `` kawabungaaaaa !!! '', 
  i 'm just here for the popcorn, 
  it is relevant cause article 12 says that only the islands within 3 miles of the coast remain to turkey , unless other islands are named . 
  the two islands that are an exception are imvros and tenedos . 
   occupation of greek islands will very likely lead to retaliation and doom turkey to be isolated of europe for a very long time turkey is already kind of isolated from europe by its own choice too , so they do n't care much about that . 
  if turkey wanted to annex a few islands they could do it , the world would be like `` that 's bad ! '', 
  and nothing else would happen just like with crimea . 
  meanwhile greece would have lost its islands . 
  same shit happened with cyprus although the problem does go deeper and there was responsibility on greece 's part as well , but the outcome is turkey illegally occupying almost half the island and also settling it with settlers from mainland turkey and no one bat an eye . 
  in the end nato did nothing , everyone was still buds with turkey , it was on its way to join the eu despite still occupying cyprus and cyprus had 40 % less of a country . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying that turkey is planning to invade but greece has good reasons to be cautious . 
  turkish officials even talked about turkish islands under occupation by greece ( kek ) and knowing that they could possibly pull something like another imia crisis off and get away with it , greece has some solid reasons to be alarmed . 
  wait till we start claiming your kebab !, 
  because i said it twice just to make sure that it would n't lead to another `` yeah but you do that too !! '', 
  conversation . 
  i know we also have the s300 and they work the same way , i was only saying that the entire `` they 're defensive missiles , nothing to worry about '' is just silly . 
  nothing else , i was n't blaming turkey for getting the missiles . 
  apparently me typing that `` i 'm not saying that turkey is planning to hit greece '' two times was n't enough for you . 
  how many times would you say would be enough ? 
  did you downvote because you disagree that s400 can be used offensively or what ? 
   article 16 is not relevant . 
  these islands are within our frontier laid down by the treaty . 
  article 12 is not relevant either because these islands were out of the scope of island given to greece by said article . 
  apparently only the articles that you like are relevant and the others are silly decorations that can be dismissed , not actual fucking articles of a signed treaty with international merit . 
  not supporting the whole `` the turks will invade '' mentality , just wanted to comment on the `` how do you invade with an air defense system ? '', 
  argument cause i saw it like 3 times already and it 's stupid . 
  when an air defense system can be used to shoot any plane in a 400km radius , it can easily be used in an offensive way simply by installing it on the borders and shooting down anything in the air in that radius while your air force is having a party on the other country 's air/soil . 
  again , not claiming that this is what turkey 's planning , just that they can be used in an offensive way . 
  saying `` it 's just an air defense system , it ca n't be used to harm others offensively '' is as stupid as saying `` it 's just a shotgun for defensive purposes . . i ca n't go out and start shooting people with it '' . 
  been to ayia napa , can confirm this dude speaks the truth . 
  saw a shitload of brits pissing all over the streets , buildings , one chick taking a dump , not to mention the blowjobs etc. 
  important . 
  to all the tourists that are here are about to visit this year : do n't mess around , use sunscreen . 
  lots of it . 
  i 'm not even kidding , the sun is not to be taken lightly . 
  especially if you 're from northern europe or other colder countries you need to take it easy with the sun guys . 
  not meaning to sound alarmist but yeah . . 
  i live here and i had a bad ass burn on my shoulders where my entire skin basically felt like tinfoil . 
  that sounds lovely right about now . 
  i feel like a chicken in the oven . 
  it says that now because greece kept the pressure on them . 
  that 's not the name the other countries recognized them by though . 
  that 's republic of macedonia . 
  nothing about yugoslavia or anything similar . 
  according to whom ? 
  the turks that still believe him ? 
  no one else takes him seriously . 
  also there 's this guy that 's trying to steal my identity but fuck it , i do n't care much let him have it , i can be someone else . 
  the thing is that we wo n't have that right if we give it away , and 10 generations later people probably will just think that macedonia = slavic ancestors of the ancient macedonia kingdom . 
  and why would they know better if we allowed another country to claim that name and indirectly the history behind it ? 
  to teach history in a biased way is one thing . 
  to claim a past/history/civilization that predates your people by more than a thousand years is a completely different thing . 
  maybe while greece was under roman rule . 
  but most of greek breakthroughs happened before that and that 's what the romans were influenced by . 
  the way the other user said it , was like he was saying that the romans were influenced by the greek civilization , but since the romans conquered the greeks ( later on ) , it 's just the roman civilization which is nonsense . 
  i sort of get you , i had a light form of it as a kid . 
  it was n't a big deal , it was just a bit harder and more uncomfortable than usual i guess to pull the skin back which made the head more sensitive . 
  it did n't need any treatment or anything , just some extra effort on my part to do it more often so the skin will start getting used to being wider i suppose . 
  it was fine growing up , never had problems with my sex life or anything . 
  but some cases are more severe and need different treatment than others .
