  it would be a great way to help that part of the world though regardless of the population issue . 
  but yeah no one 's gon na do that . 
  i 'm deeply troubled by the overpopulation problem we 're facing . 
  it really is one of the most urgent issues atm on a global scale and it has to start being addressed way more . 
  i was being funny but yeah sure feel free to ruin it for me . 
  first of all , isis is n't a country so there has n't been a war declared . 
  secondly , france had the airforce way before they send their jets down there for isis . 
  do you know why ? 
  exactly because they know that they might need them in the future in unpredictable cases like this one . 
  you ca n't know when some country or rogue group is going to go haywire and you 're going to need your airforce . 
  every country does that . 
  why are you worried about serbia ? 
  imagine the sentence if he insulted erdogan . 
  i hear ya but i ca n't think of many solutions other than bombings or forced sterilizations . . both crappy choices moral-wise . 
  there does n't seem to be an easy way out of this , at least none that i can think of . 
  edit : i 'm not saying that i condone bombings or forced sterilizations of course . 
  the first was a joke and the second an extreme measure . 
  that 's why i said they 're crappy solutions . 
  i 'm simply saying that i ca n't think of other ways to counter the growth without resorting to hard measures , objectively speaking . 
  i do n't think they can suggest something as it is right now . 
  it would be political suicide for someone to say something like that for other countries or continents . 
  one solution would be certain countries with overpopulation problems imposing rules like `` 1 child only '' or something but good luck having that in african countries and also at this point i 'm not sure that would be enough to halt the growth . 
  it might be slightly different if scientists come out louder about it but still people wo n't give a shit . 
  another solution would be to find a planet to colonize fast but yeah that 's not realistic . 
  one `` final solution '' ( heh see what i did there ? ), 
  would be to create an ultra-virus like in the movie inferno and see who survives . 
  ultra effective and extremelly immoral :p, 
  for the same reason every country has armed forces . 
  why does france have an airforce ? 
  it 's not in war atm . 
  why does canada have an army ? 
  you never know what 's going to happen and you should be able to defend your country . 
  say albania ( random example ) goes apeshit in 2 months and tensions rise . 
  this is the balkans anyway . 
  nato is n't the only power in the world . 
  you do n't need to be on the brink of war to have defenses . 
  why would serbia attack nato in the first place ? 
  no , we should n't . 
  just like i 'm not free to have the same tax registration number as you , or i 'm not free to have the same id number as you , or i 'm not free to have `` 23powerz '' as my nickname in here because that 's your nickname and i have to find a different one out of the trillion other nicknames i came up with instead , so it 's quite fine . 
  no one would care about what your grandfather thinks in his own mind really cause it does n't affect them . 
  if your grandfather was trying to make his belief an official thing , that would be different . 
  i can tell myself that i 'm japanese if it makes me feel better . 
  that does n't mean that greece can freely change its name to `` japan '' . 
  see the difference ? 
  germany might have a problem with `` hessen '' as well . 
  i 'm willing to bet that the bavarians would have a problem if fyrom chose to name itself `` bavaria '' . 
  if they do n't , sure they can go ahead with it . 
  greece happens to care though , especially when the same name issue has been used by the former fyrom government to create ties between fyrom and the ancient kingdom of macedonia , by renaming their airport to `` alexander the great '' and shit like that . 
  why should we willingly put ourselves in such a position ? 
  sure i mean if they decided to call their country `` germany '' instead , their preference would come before the german people 's preference/opinion too right ? 
  they 're free to choose a name that does n't conflict with other nations . 
  if they do n't , these other nations will have a say in this . 
  we did , even years ago during the previous negotiations about the name , and they rejected it . 
  well how about `` klingon ~ ~ republic ~ ~ empire '' then ? 
  it sounds badass . 
  well so far greece is blocking fyrom from nato and as far as i know we did n't cook any books for that . 
  we have a veto right just like every other nation in the alliance , regardless of our economic status . 
  but even when talking about the eu , yes , greece still has that right despite the loans it took . 
  germany would n't have been the country it is today either if it had not borrowed a shitload of money after the war as well . 
  does it mean it has no rights in the eu ? 
  not quite . 
  every nation has rights in the union mate . 
  a ) the pogroms were backed by the government and yes they were due to false reports , but those false reports were made by turkey exactly so that they could frame the greeks . 
  it 's like hitler burning the reichstag and blaming it on the jews so he can start removing them . 
  b ) like the other user told you , greece was n't a dictatorship at the time . 
  c ) greece also fought in the korean war . 
  d ) the missiles were already there before the cuban crisis , they were n't hosted there to counter the crisis . 
  that 's a lot of mistakes in one comment man . 
  now kiss . 
  seriously though this is farcical . 
  wow you guys better hope they do n't trial `` coup supporters '' wearing plain white shirts . 
  or you know . . shoes and stuff . 
   he is talking about islands that were n't in specified in agreements . 
  they are close to our mainland and their ownership have n't been agreed upon . 
  and here 's where you 're wrong . 
  everything was agreed upon when turkey signed the treaty . 
  articles 12 , 15 and 16 of the treaty are pretty clear . 
  the islands situated at less than three miles from the asiatic coast remain under turkish sovereignty and turkey renounces all rights and title whatsoever over or respecting the territories situated outside the frontiers laid down in the treaty . 
  imbros and tenedos are exceptions to this . 
  all other islands do n't have to be specified or named . 
  it 's simple . 
  turkey keeps everything that 's within 3 nm of the coast , except for some named islands like samos which it also gave away to italy . 
  so no , the sovereignty of those islands is agreed upon . 
  turkey is just not honoring its signature really . 
  well that would explain a lot :p, 
  haha why would you even know that ? 
  it 's a tough word though . 
  stepping on these during a hot summer day is a real bitch but they say they 're actually good for your feet . 
  something about blood circulation i believe . 
  hah google translate is improving i see . 
  that sort of makes sense . 
   endondonglifisa what 's that supposed to be btw ? 
  i ca n't figure it out . 
  not bad btw :p, 
  the water 's so blue !, 
  it looks like it 's so deep even though it 's the shore . 
  that 's why i did n't say the dodecanese , but i just talked about `` 18 islands '' . 
  some of these happen to be in the dodecanese thought . 
  there 's a huge difference population-wise , sure , but not on the matter we 're discussing . 
  edit : there 's a difference with some of the dodecanese .
