  it 's still balkan but a different people . 
  so be wiser , accept your actual identity and stop trying to leech off of others . 
  the other countries around you have embraced their own history . 
  do the same . 
  what the shit ? 
  it was both , and even `` the romans '' had lost its meaning after every free-born citizen in the empire was named a roman regardless of his descent . 
  in other words , being called a roman did n't mean that much . 
  `` although the byzantine empire had a multi-ethnic character during most of its history and preserved romano-hellenistic traditions , it became identified by its western and northern contemporaries with its increasingly predominant greek element . 
  the occasional use of the term `` empire of the greeks '' ( latin : imperium graecorum ) in the west to refer to the eastern roman empire and of the byzantine emperor as imperator graecorum ( emperor of the greeks ) were also used to separate it from the prestige of the roman empire within the new kingdoms of the west . '', 
  idk man , being a pm during the `` finest hour '' to me seems hardly comparable to newton 's achievements . 
  plus churchill is commonly believed to also have been a pretty shady character as well . 
  for me it 's newton hands down . 
  the man single-handedly changed the way we see the world . 
   for mycenaeans it means shared ancestry , both linguistic and biological . 
  no it does n't . 
  there is no connection between these ancient `` eastern europeans '' ( pretty arbitrary ) mentioned in the research , and the slavs . 
   for modern greeks , who are shifted towards central-eastern europe when compared to mycenaeans , it means recent slavic ancestry . 
  `` modern greeks resemble the mycenaeans , but with some additional dilution of the early neolithic ancestry . 
  our results support the idea of continuity but not isolation in the history of populations of the aegean '' i guess that says it all . 
  if you focus on the additional dilution , what did you expect after 4000 years ? 
  still there 's no connection between the slavs and the mycenaeans for example . 
  if greece is in the middle and it has ancestry from the mycenaeans with some ( recent ) dilution from eastern europe , there 's still nothing that connects that recent eastern european part with the ancient mycenaeans . 
  what i find the most interesting in this article is that the minoans and the mycenaeans appear to be closer than what 's commonly believed . 
   i did not . 
  which one disappeared ? 
  all of them, 
  it baffles me that you guys voted churchill above newton or shakespeare . 
  there 's no comparison . . 
  lol k. 
  the byzantine empire was both roman and greek . 
  its foundation was roman but in time it started getting hellenised . 
  after a point it was more greek than roman . 
  that 's pretty much already known . 
  the dorians descended to greece anyway . 
  you do realize that eastern european does not mean slavs when we 're talking about 5000 years ago right ? 
  btw why did you delete your comments ? 
  seriously , britain ? 
  churchill ?? 
  not say . . sir isaac newton or shakespeare or something ? 
  churchill ? 
  / s is always crucial on reddit . 
  you never know when someone 's actually serious about shit like that . 
  i wonder if the germans would claim charlemagne as well . 
  pretty sure he had never heard of that before either before now . 
  people seem to either forget or ignore that greece has spent centuries not even being a country . 
  it was conquered/enslaved during the period that most european nations advanced and colonized the world . 
  greece came back together from scrap in 1830 having entirely skipped the renaissance , the industrial revolution and many other critical periods . 
  if anything it 's a good sign that it came back to this level so fast . 
  you try spending 600 years under ottoman rule and see how many important scientists or philosophers you have to show for it . 
  also like you pointed out , it was the peak and we 're looking for the * greatest * person so it 's natural . 
  if england ( for example ) had plato , i bet they 'd still vote for him as their greatest man . 
  it 's hard to compete with that . 
  [ oh you ] ( https://media.tenor.com/images/90f1eee013347e2d764c0c07021d7e9b/tenor.gif ), 
  well it just so happens that these were our `` good times '' since after that the roman rule period came , and then the ottoman rule period came . 
  when other countries bloomed and enjoyed the renaissance , greece was going through the dark ages . 
  actually there was no greece officially . 
  so yeah , pardon us buddy . 
  * triggered *, 
  what do the minoans even have to do with this ? 
  they 're not even considered to be a greek tribe like the mycenaeans . 
  what are you on about ? 
  we sir , have a deal . 
  please gief more redheads ( the female kind ) . 
  we 're willing to trade with feta and ouzo . 
  no , their ancestry is of people that moved there relatively recently . 
  it 's why they 're identical to the bulgarians in pretty much everything . 
  they 're the same people . 
   this whole debate is completely ridiculous . 
  imagine that slavs suddenly start to demand renaming of berlin to cgcob - currently german city of berlin ... a better example would be turkey demanding to be named `` persia '' simply because it lies today in what was once part of the persian empire . 
  you 're right , it really is ridiculous . 
  intiguing how a people that arrived in europe in the 6th century ac are successors to a civilization that predated them by millenia . 
  coming up on the next episode of `` let 's butcher history together '' : the usa are the successors of the aztec empire . 
  a lot of them actually do but apart from the people the country 's governments have had different approaches on the matter . 
  during gruevski 's term there was a clear effort to connect fyrom with ancient macedonia , with acts like erecting statues of philip ( as seen in the article ) , naming their airport `` alexander the great '' etc. . 
  they were trying to establish a connection between them and ancient macedonia and basically usurp a big chuck of greek history , that 's why greece was so uptight about the name . 
  the current government is taking a much less provocative approach and it has claimed that it will put an end to such provocative actions and turn away from trying to connect fyrom with ancient macedonia but i think you can understand why greece is still pressing about a different name . 
  it ca n't risk a possible future government starting the same shit again going after ancient macedonian history , which is something the name `` macedonia '' would help a lot with . 
  personally i do n't mind them calling themselves after the region the live in either but there should be a geographical distincitve in the name like `` republic of northern macedonia '' for example . 
  just `` macedonia '' straight out ties them to the ancient `` original '' macedonia which is wrong historically . 
  foreign gullen supporters coming to surrender , no doubt . 
  bag em up !, 
  chek out you name does , hmmm . 
  the greeks have been constantly living in the area since antiquiy . 
  they did n't vanish into thin air , times and rulers simply changed . 
   the byzantines had to reconquer all of greece and reintroduce the greek language there for crying out loud . 
  your history teacher should tear any diplomas he might have and consider taking up farming instead . 
  why would we drive a wedge between them ? 
  if anything we 're glad . 
  maybe now they 'll embrace their real identity and get off our backs :p in all seriousness , i 'm glad with this agreement . 
  there 's no reason why these two countries should n't be close . 
  edit : spelling, 
  to clarify , i 'm not defending the soviets here . 
  despite the defensive pact they still invaded poland , finland etc. 
  i 'm saying however that a lot of people ignore the role that the other allies played in helping germany start a bloody world war that costed tens of millions of lives , and only point the finger on the soviets . 
  so yes in effect they were helping germany mess europe up , even if their plan was that it would only attack russia . 
  expect it did n't exactly go as they planned , did it ? 
  let 's not ignore how germany was able to do what it did . 
  can you blame them ? 
  britain , france and the usa were also helping germany too right before the war broke out . 
  how do you think germany built all this colossal war machine despite the limitations of the treaty of versailles ?
