  wow that would broaden the genocides list a lot . 
  i 'm assuming you also consider the istanbul pogroms as a genocide as well ? 
  you mean the thousands of turks that you illegally brought in from mainland turkey ? 
  hmm . 
  and no , occupation is actively occupying a country which is something that turkey is doing in norther cyprus . 
  eh the northern part is not `` independent '' , it 's a pseudostate under occupation and no one recognizes it except for turkey . 
  talk about learning history eh ? 
  despite the white flags joke , the french have a pretty good military record , best one in europe actually . 
  it 's not like the ottomans never surrendered either . 
  russia alone has made you surrender more times than you can count . 
  that 's quite a leap , come on . . i know that they 're famous about them and all , but throwing a `` genocide '' in every questionable thing turkey does is just silly and unconstructive . 
  i get what you 're saying but the said meeting does n't sound like it was a minor one . 
  it was supposed to be an evaluation about the progress made during maltese presidency and there were to be talks about the immigrants issues in italy and greece , something that should interest many of these mep 's . 
  not sure how much more important things they had planned but i ca n't say juncker is wrong there . 
  like him or not he 's an important figure as well , i 'm sure he also has other plans and meetings and still he was there . 
  i do n't even see why he has to be sorry for the words he chose . 
  so many members not showing up is nothing short of ridiculous . 
   responding to suspected rumors that the turkish president would defy the german government , martin schaefer said that doing so `` would be an affront to the clearly expressed will of the government and a violation of german sovereignty . '', 
  out of curiosity , if erdogan indeed decides to ignore the german government and try to address the turkish comminity ( which i doubt will happen ) , what can we expect to see ? 
  how do you stop a country 's leader from doing something like that ? 
  do you block his car and force him to leave like it basically happened in the nethernalds with the turkish minister ? 
  and if that happens how would the president or the escort react ? 
  it just seems like a pretty dangerous situation that could lead to a lot of tension and i do n't think it has happened before so it got me thinking how serious something like that could be . 
  fetchez la vache !, 
  what borders ?? 
  the sea borders ? 
  how are you going to close these ? 
  you can guard them but when it comes to sinking boats , you 're required by law to save them . 
  it 's not just italy , the same goes for every country that has a sea . . greece as well . 
  agreed , if you are to force companies to have more lifetime , i suppose you should also expect a rise in prices . 
  you can buy a psu for your computer that costs 20 euros but has a 2 years warranty ( and is not likely to live that long anyway ) , or you can spend 200 and get a much better one quality-wise and have a 7 year warranty . 
  if you make the company of the first psu give it a 7 year warranty as well , it will have to increase its price a lot cause it will be refunding customers left and right . 
  or they can start actually making better ones which would again increase the cost . 
   and a minimum lifespan for every device . 
  is n't that what a warranty ( which all electronic devices already have ) basically is ? 
  the manufacturer guarantees that the product should work for a minimum amount of time , otherwise they have to replace it or return the money or whatever . 
  what am i missing here ? 
  i think they have to bring them to the closest shore that can accept them . 
  not sure how it would work if they attempted to land them at lybia . 
  plus what would you expect , the boat to travel all the way to france to drop them off ? 
  it 's not like we enjoy having a shitload of immigrants/refugees guys , it 's just that it 's a complicated matter and it requires the contribution of other countries like libya to be solved , unless you 're one of the armchair fascists like the guy above saying something like `` let em drown , the europeans will cheer '' . 
  i 'm ashamed to even be considered of being in the same greater group with scum like that . 
  lol one look in your profile is enough to tell us everything we need to know about you . 
  get better soon pal . 
  yes because you can refuse someone passage from the border but if it 's a sinking boat you ca n't refuse to save them and let them drown . 
  it makes sense that the situations are not the same does n't it ? 
  ships would still have to collect the migrants since they ca n't let them drown . 
  just paying would n't help much cause it would turn greece and italy into concentration camps . 
  the members have to also agree to host migrants analogically . 
  austria has taken a lot , that 's true but there are countries like hungary that refuse to take any . 
  border controls wo n't be needed if the coutnries accept to do the part and the `` burden '' is shared . 
  memories of 1914 flash back . 
  to arms !, 
  ze oztrians are crossing the mountainz !, 
  if a solution like that is found that 'll be great . 
  until then countries of the union should do their part in carrying the weight . 
  italy and greece ca n't do it alone because incidentally they happen to be on the coasts . 
  i 'm pretty sure your opinion on the matter would be quite different if you were located in the mediterranean and others were like `` i do n't care . . it 's austria 's problem '' . 
  countries in the west also help . 
  why should n't the east do the same ? 
  it 's a bad situation for all of us , suck it up until we find a better way to fix it . 
  you 're part of the union . 
   it is national states reverting back to border controls because the european union is failing in the most basic responsibilities . 
  which responsibility is that exactly ? 
  failing to sink boats with hundreds of people in the mediterranean lest we inconvenience you ? 
  or failing to shut italy and greece out to let them deal with the burden alone ? 
  yeah it seemed so strange to see such cars in athens . . 
  it 's like seeing a picture from cuba lol, 
  it was an example , not an alalogy . 
  you get it . . 
  i do n't really consider this to be a threat but i 'm just saying that troops on the boarder can be taken this way . 
  turkey can be governed by whomever they choose , we wo n't roll over and allow random ships disregard the authorities because turkish politicians are `` proud '' . 
  there are laws and the coast guard is responsible to safeguard the laws , borders and people of the country . 
   however by shooting , you guys simply threaten the lifes of people that did nothing , but were on the ship . 
  not that hard to understand . 
  we threaten a ship that refused to obey to the authorities and ignored warning shots . 
  if they choose to do that , they risk their own lives . 
  there were not innocent tourists on board , it was the ship 's crew . 
  stop talking nonsense . 
   saying nothing = / = supporting the captain of the ship . 
  yes , it is in this case . 
  a simple condemnation of the captain ( not to mention prosecution ) would be enough . 
  oddly enough , we did n't hear anything about that . 
  turkey completely played the victim . 
  no one was shot to death , however shots being fired are part of the escalation protocol if the boat refuses to comply . 
  it was no one 's fault but the captain 's . 
  do n't let the door hit you on your way out . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  massing troops at the border is traditionally considered a threat . 
  imagine being ukrainian and seeing 100.000 russians deploying at the border . 
  you should be worried . 
  not saying that austria is planning to invade of course but the move itself can generally be considered a threat . 
  apparently our time machine works and it 's 1914 again . 
  fetchez la vache !!, 
  `` difficult options '' . 
  erdogan : `` execute order 66 '' on a more serious note , i wonder if they will be allowed in the city and if they are , how long it will be before they are summarily dispersed . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what happens when they reach istanbul . 
  oh right , happy anniversary btw . 
  go watch independence day ( the old one of course ) . 
  it should work for a while .
