  you are the problem , not the eu . 
   turkey recognized it since we lost the fucking war , are you kidding me ? 
  obviously , that 's how treaties work . 
  it does n't change anything though . 
  it 's an international recognized treaty . 
  if you do n't consider treaties ceding territories to be fair then perhaps you should n't be joining wars . 
  or losing them . 
  either way your example with the islands is bad any way you look at it . 
  a ) cause the interest of the greek side is to keep the army there while in cypus we do the exact opposite and we suggest to withdraw , and b ) cause in the islands ' case there is a signed treaty with international merit in which you recognize the islands ' ownership while in cyprus 's case no one recognizes the occupied territory since the whole thing was against international law . 
  i do n't want to do anything about it , you misunderstand . 
  i 'm simply stating why people do n't consider you a european country just like they do n't consider britain south american because of the falklands . 
  i 'm fine with it really . 
  i 'm just explaining why people do n't see turkey as a european country . 
  the fact that turkey has been involed in europe does n't say much either . 
  so has mongolia . 
  or the moors . 
  does n't make them european , it makes them outside countries that invaded europe . 
  for better or worse historic roots also play a role ( although it 's debatable whether they should ) . 
  despite turkey 's turn politically , as a people they 're not european . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good or bad thing , just why most people do n't see them as a european country . 
  request declined , genghis . 
  i do n't see why that 's obsolete . 
  like i told you and you avoided to reply , the netherlands have a tiny part in the carribean but if you tell a radom turk that the netherlands are a south american country they 'll think you 're a retard . 
  turkey is considered an asian country . 
  you 're part of this subreddit for other reasons just like armenia or cyprus but do n't be surprised when people do n't consider you european when only 3 % of your country is in europe . 
  eh you 're a pretty big mix . 
  anatolians where there before the turkic people but they mixed with the turkic people that came from central/eastern asia ( oghuz turks etc ) far from anatolia . 
  a lot of you are turkic yes . 
  that 's what the ottomans were . 
  they mixed with other locals of course but the turkic people did n't simply disappear . 
  i did n't say anything about syrians being dark . 
  there are even indians and persians that are pretty white . 
   you 're not white if your slightly darker and have brown hair and brown eyes . 
  that 's a huge pile of bullshit , no one in the west actually believes that unles they 're hitler fanboys . 
  the french have brown hair and they 're considered to be white . 
  i 'm not saying you should define yourselves as anything . . just saying that due to origins and mixing ( or its lack ) turkey does have a certain variety in skin color from the west to the east . 
  i 'm not painting you guys . 
  shut up jose !, 
  how am i biased on that matter exactly because i 'm greek ? 
  i do n't consider armenia to be europe either . 
  nothing to do with bias . 
   employing extravagant examples like britain being south american simply because of the falklands is no argument against turkey being european . 
  why not ? 
  and how is that example extravagant ? 
  you 're saying that turkey is european because of a mere 3 % of land and i 'm using the exact same mentality to say that you 're south american because of the falklands . 
  sounds like you have double standards . 
   do you consider britain and ireland to be european even though we share no land border ? 
  they 're not big enough to considered a continent of their own and they 're the closest to europe so they 're part of the same continent . 
  if they were next to canada they 'd be considered north american . 
   i could be an absolute cunt and say geographically cyprus clearly belongs to turkey asia * and you would n't be wrong . 
  cyprus geographically belongs to asia the same way britain belongs to europe . 
  turkey has a small part of europe but we do n't consider it to be european . 
  that 's my point . 
  holy shit , i would bet my dick that you could n't find one road named hitler if you looked for it . 
  good thing i did n't :p, 
  eh i do n't think so . 
  i 've seen much fairer turks in the west even redheads . 
  that 's mostly due to interraction with europeans so maybe that 's why you mention the north-easterners . 
  could be from interraction with the russians ? 
  generally the `` purer '' turkic people are darker . 
  greeks are considered somewhere between white and olive but it 's hard to measure . 
  you could use the fitzpatrick scale but it 's pretty subjective . 
  while its type iv talks about olive skin and dark hair , if you look at the skin it represents it 's much darker than the greeks . 
  closest example i could find was this : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/cd/68/14/cd6814e5db927f564c7f313bd8e76ffe.jpg greeks would typically be between the 2nd ( and maaybe 3rd one although that looks more reddish ) type in this pic . 
  4rth is way too dark . 
  sharing history with them does n't make you guys europeans . 
  albanians are one of the olderst people in europe . 
  that 's not many but honestly , why would you name even 1 alley after such a guy ? 
  if you consider turkey to be european because of a tiny part of it being in europe strictly geographically , then you guys are south americans too . 
  do n't you have lands in south america ? 
  why does n't the same mentality work with you ? 
  obviously it 's retarded . 
  that 's why most people do n't consider turkey to be part of europe , even though it 's a part of this subreddit cause of its proximity and the politics that affect each other . 
  i ' pretty white tbh lol . 
  not norse white , that 's pale -_- western turks are as white as greeks ( euro-turks ) . 
  as you go eastwards you encounter different and darker characteristics . 
  do you also consider yourselves south american because of the falklands ? 
  speaking geographically , if turkey is european , then britain and the netherlands should be considered to be south american because of the falklands and the carribean netherlands . 
  of course we both know that they are n't . 
   but do n't you see , there is no difference after all . 
  in the past greece wanted enosis and tried via militaristic ways , today greece wants cyprus to join eu and tries brussels ways . 
  show me how these two are different ( apart from the death toll ) . 
  i thought it was obvious even for a simply mind but apparenly that 's a high standard to have here , so here we go : enosis with greece would directly make cyprus part of greece . 
  in other words there would not be greece and cyprus , but greece . 
  just like crete and other islands re-united with greece after the independence . 
  cyprus joining the eu is nothing like that . 
  it wo n't join or unite with greece . 
  cyprus will be an independent country just like italy , geramny , france etc are , in the same union of european countries which is the eu . 
  greece will have no power over it . 
  it will be an independent country just like it is today . 
  if you ca n't grasp the huge difference between the two , i ca n't help you any further . 
   cyprus will be as independent as iraq . 
  ooooorrr it will be a sovereign country just like it is today , just like other countries are . 
   as independent as qatar . 
  wink wink or as germany . 
  what makes you think the south is not independent ? 
   t was italians , greeks , brits and turks and etc. 
  the point is : such a small state between major powers can not be independent . 
  there is no such a record in history . 
  yes it can .
