  it 's ridiculous . 
  my knowledge on the matter of moldavia is pretty limited so i wo n't comment on that but i think you got my point . 
  greece still is a major investor in fyrom so we 're already doing our part but we ca n't be suckers , helping them with stability and financially ( even in this period ) and at the same time allowing their stance . 
  fyrom ca n't have it both ways . 
  we have absolutely nothing against them but personally i 've seen so many of them that actually believe and promote the idea that they 're ancestors of the ancient macedonians and as long as this policy is followed , frictions will be there . 
  i agree about the qualifier . 
  like i said in another comment , `` republic of northern macedonia '' was suggested by greece a few years ago but it was rejected by gruevski ( which shows that they 're after more than just the name ) . 
   we really should move all the counties bordering greece , we do n't want some accidental potential claims of land . 
  entirely irrelevant to what i said . 
  please try to focus . 
   the country is on land which used to be macedonia . 
  you ca n't delete that connection no matter how hard you try . 
  the land used to be called macedonia because of the ancient greek kingdom that lived in the area . 
  the fact that a totally different people moved in that area does n't give them the right to claim the same name . 
  if you want it to be purely geographical , then republic of northern macedonia should be a good compromise , since it has a geographical distinction . 
  the name `` macedon '' is connected to more than the area ( which btw is shared by 3 more countries so even this way , it 's not exclusive ) . 
   the people of republic of macedonia have practically nothing to do with ancient macedonia . 
  and this is why they should find a name of their own and stop naming their airports after ancient macedonian kings . 
  it 's simple really . 
  still i see no reason why we 'd have that risk or the potential risk of land claims ( although i do n't think that 's a serious case ) if it can be avoided . 
  a diferent name can be found like the older suggestion of republic of northern macedonia which indicates exactly that , that it 's a country in the northern macedonian region . 
  of couse people would still call them macedonians but hey it 'll be something better . 
   sure . 
  not sure if you 're doubting what i said or not . . if you are , i 'd be interested in seeing your objections . 
   like the us calls itself america , even though the continents are the americas . 
  i honestly do n't think anyone would care much . 
  and yet it 's not officially called `` america '' . 
  also it 's a purely geographic thing . 
  in fyrom 's case it goes beyond that as i explained . 
   i can appreciate that , but they 're not calling themselves the kingdom of macedon ( although they get stupid about alexander ) ; merely macedonia . 
  like romania calls itself romania , but nobody cares that other places were also part of romania ( the roman empire ) . 
  they call themselves macedonia and macedonians , just like the ancient kingdom was called macedonia and the people were called macedonians . 
   but you , i and most people know they 're not ; they 're slavs . 
  just like the britons in britain are n't related to the ancient britons , but bear the same name anyway . 
  you and i might know that , but future generations might not , especially if the government changes its policy again and turn towards naming airports after alexander and building statues of philip etc. 
  i understand that it 's not a big deal to you , but it is to greece . 
  and yet they recognized them under the name rep of macedonia and they generally refer to them as macedonia and macedonians . 
  it 's very easy for younger generations to grow up automatically thinking that they 're macedonians and heirs to the ancient macedonian kingdom for example . 
  if greece refered to transylvania as `` hungary '' or part of hungary , people would start thinking that transylvania is hungarian even though you and me might know it 's not the case . 
  that 's reasonable because that 's how they know the country because of their governments . 
  i doubt most of them know that the country is mentioned as fyrom in international organizations . 
  basically they call them that in lack of a different name . 
  i 'm afraid that most of them might actually think that they 're the same people as ancient macedonians . 
  if you explained them the situation from greece 's perspective i think ( or hope ) that they 'd agree that another name should be found . 
  a simple google search would help you with your question . 
  the slavs have no connection to ancient macedonians . 
  a lot of countries did that for political reasons ( just like they try to rush the negotiations in order to get fyrom in the nato ) , basically disregarding greece 's objections cause well . . it 's not their problem i guess . 
  but if we 're talking about people and about whether that 's right or wrong , i ca n't speak of other countries but i think most people would agree that this name is wrong . 
  most of the scholars agree as well . 
  unfortunately , politics is n't about what 's right or wrong . 
  i doubt belgium would have much to lose by ceding the name to luxembourg . 
  macedonia is a pretty big part of greece 's history and i see no reason why greece should agree with the name just because belgium did . 
  good relations and peace will also exist without fyrom having a name that can be used to harm greece . 
  it 's actually not such an absurd thing to ask . 
  find a name of your own instead of using one that 's tied to an ancient greek kingdom and everything will be fine . 
  it 's not a matter of political or military power . 
  there should n't be grounds for either potential claims of land or even connections with ancient macedonia . 
  you saw what the former government did with the statues and naming the airport after alexander . 
  the name allows them to do exactly that and no other country would give a shit cause it 's not their history they 'd be trying to steal . 
  obviously greece finds this more serious than others do . 
  a much wider area has been called macedonia , that is being shared by other countries too . 
  following that reasoning , they could also be called europe cause they live in europe . 
  it 's not that simple , especially considering that `` macedon '' was also the name for an entire ancient kingdom with which they have no connections whatsoever . 
  it 's easy to see people referring to them as macedonians and mistakenly believing that they 're descendants of the ancient macedonians . 
  so for greece it 's kind of a more complicated matter . 
  wtf ?? 
  total area claimed : 7 km ^ 2, 
  there were some suggestions a few years ago when the two countries were talking about the name . 
  i remember that `` rep. of northern macedonia '' was suggested by the greek side since it at least gives the name a geographical distinction , but it was rejected by fyrom . 
  right now i do n't think that any names have been suggested since the talks have not started yet . 
  no it 's not . 
  otherwise it would be every country 's right to simply change their names to `` norway '' too cause `` they like the name and it 's their right '' . 
  well it 's not . 
  the name is tied to a kingdom of different origins that pre-existed the said country and it 's also tied to an area that is being shared by 3 other countries . 
  both geographically and culturally/historically , the name is wrong . 
   i have even heard talks that the current government plans to dismantle the provocative statues either way fyrom is dedicated to join eu and nato . 
  the statues are not why greece blocked fyrom , the naming issue is . 
  as long as a solution wo n't be found there , bargaining with secondary issues ( that fyrom also created ) like the statues etc , is pointless and silly . 
  an example : 1 ) country a creates problem a. 
  2 ) in response , country b blocks country a. 
  3 ) country a creates problem b and tries to bargain with country b about removing problem b but ignoring problem a. 
  4 ) country b is not interested in bargaining about problem b cause problem a which started all of this is not solved . 
  bargaining about problem b and removing the block would basically mean that it has backed off from problem a and country a got away with it simply by creating more problems and then bargaining for them . 
  that 's basically saying `` if greece would have let us get away with one provocative action , we would n't have to resort to other provocative actions '' . 
  konstantopoulou is retarded , it 's hardly surprising to see such a move by her . 
  respect to manolis glezos though for allowing the man to pay his respects . 
  anyone else gets that uneasy `` you came to the wrong neighborhood '' feeling the way everyone 's looking at the camera ? 
  eh i seriously doubt that gulen being behind the coup is something that 's accepted by all of the turkish people . 
  even in here you 'll easily find turks that think it 's bullshit staged by erdogan . 
   gulen organizations actions to get into power in turkish government was long before the coup . 
  in fact erdogan helped them thinking that gulenists would not betray him . 
  yes but that hardly shows that he was behind the coup . 
  in fact it only shows that erdogan might as well be involved after all because he was in on this too . 
   there are countless of testimonies from both organizers and ex military personel , tens of thousands of pages of messages between conspirators . 
  to be fair i doubt you 've seen these yourself . 
  have they even been made public officially or is this how it was reported on the news ? 
   the wester governments positions is not related to the evidence being not enough , it is clearly political and because erdogan is a fucking maniac and on the other hand you could also argue that erdogan bullshitting about the coup and the evidence could also clearly be political considering what erdogan has gained from all this . 
  i 'm just saying that seeing how erdogan is acting , i 'm way more prone to believe the `` western countries '' than him . 
  not that the usa and co. have n't been involved in shady deals for their own political purposes , but simply because erdogan is a manic and of the two sides in this , he 's the more suspicious one the way i see it . 
  get on it or bring a tent mate .
