  will it be the same if the blue mosque and a random 25 square meter mosque in a village in turkey are destroyed ? 
  one is a marvel of architecture and a monument and the other is easily replaceable . 
  both the hagia sophia and the blue mosque have a bigger impact in history and culture than your everyday church/mosque . 
  do n't play silly , you can tell the difference . 
  anyway like i said earlier and you admited yourself , this whole thing is pointless . 
  it 's evident that you care nothing about culture and you only see it as a trophy to feed your nationalism so sure , do whatever you must and the world will judge you accordingly . 
  having it as a museum is by no means disrespectful to you . 
  if anything it 's a compliment and that 's the kind of thing people respected kemal for . 
  how is it disrespecting to you by having it as a museum exactly ? 
  because you pass on a great opportunity to flaunt your dominance over a great monument ? 
   also no , they did and continue to watch and do nothing as our heritage in balkans get destroyed . 
  i have never heard of europeans complaining of ottoman heritage being left to disrepair or were made into something it was not meant to . 
  as far as i know mosques in greece or bulgaria are n't turned into churches . 
  on the other hand , turkey is not only trying to turn hagia sophia into a mosque , it has already done this with other churches but we 're not talking about that . 
  we 're talking about hagia sophia because it 's a huge monument that you could preserve as a museum unlike what you 're doing with other churches . 
   your country destroyed much more than what we destroyed of greek history . 
  that 's gold considering the ottoman empire used the parthenon as a gunpowder storage and was half responsible for the single greatest of our monuments getting blown the fuck up . 
   did you ever hear them complain about the state of ottoman and turkic heritage ? 
  name one ottoman mosque of the scale of hagia sophia in the balkans for me please . 
  do n't tell me about random irrelevant mosques cause we 're not telling you about random irrelevant churches in turkey either . 
  we 're talking about something the size and importance of hagia sophia . 
  honestly it 's pointless to debate with someone that sees the hagia sophia as a spoil of war and as a `` trophy '' of conquering another civilization 's city . 
  you have zero respect for the building , for you it 's only something to fuel your warmongery . 
  `` look what we took from you !, 
  it 's ours now and it 's a mosque !, 
  suck it ! '', 
  it fully shows what i meant about the kind of message you 'd be sending out . 
  it 's sad really . 
  people are not telling you to respect history and culture so that they will dictate to you what to do , they 're telling you so that you wo n't be assholes . 
  you could use the `` it 's mine to do as i wish '' mentality to blow the building up as well , but people would criticize you for it not cause it hurts christians but cause you 'd be a fucking mongrel to do that . 
  turning the museum into a mosque just to prove a point send the entirely wrong message than what you think it does , but sure , go ahead . 
  i still do n't get why the referendum was `` not supported '' . 
  it worked and the outcome was `` no '' . 
  i agree that such statements and accusations look bad but really i do n't think they 're so misplaced considering the farce that the final plan was . 
  i just think that the gc side would have been accused either way for being an obstacle in the eu 's plans for turkey . 
   they enjoyed a circumstantial hegemony in the 50s , and that quickly declined after independence . 
  a deeply rooted passion would n't vanish in 7 years . 
  that depends , things quickly changed after the invasion too . 
  but i disagree , evdokas was far-right and his opposition was makarios which still pursued enosis albeit in a more modest way and he scored 96.3 % . 
  so yeah . . 
  i just see it as provocative especially considering that it 's being discussed in 2017 , not 1100 ad spain . 
  it 's not like there 's a shortage of mosques so it has political/religious motives . 
  preserving it as a museum would be at least respectful to the monument 's heritage, 
  but god forbid gun posssession is banned in the usa . 
  if that happens all the militia will go on a rampage and something tells me you wo n't have the same `` they think they 're above the law '' opinion in that case , right ? 
  both are wrong in my opinion . 
  converting a mosque into a church is a crappy move as well . 
  it 's not that simple , it 's a unesco heritage site ( not that this would mean much to someone like erdogan . . he 's basically undoing what ataturk did ) . 
  but yeah i just see this as a petty move . 
  there are enough mosques in the area , especially the blue mosque which is magnificent and it 's pretty close . 
  i 'm not saying that the hagia sophia should be a church of course but it could be preserved as a museum instead of being converted into a mosque . 
  it 's like shitting on its heritage and i can only imagine that it 's being done to undermine ataturk 's work and make erdogan more popular with the islamist core . 
  not saying that it could n't be bullshit news , i would n't be surprised at all , but the scenario that this is actually legit and it 's just not in the news in turkey does n't seem so impossible either . 
  i do n't think that 's possible . 
  i could be wrong here but i 've heard that they ca n't pray in a mosque that has christian iconography and i doubt just covering the pictures would work as a solution . 
  i 'm aware of that but i still do n't think that the people wanting the enosis were anything but a vast majority . 
   in 1968 , the pro-enosis candidate ( evdokas ) for the presidential elections only got less than 4 % of the vote i guess the guns of the `` awfully vocal minority '' were on vacation at the time ... 
  why should n't they have put it to a vote ? 
  the result would n't have been different either way . 
  they could have straight out rejected it , true , and the negotiations would probably have ended there since annan was pushing the whole `` this is the final draft / chance for a solution '' thingy . 
  but how is putting it to a vote for the people such an insane notion ? 
  the way things were , either way the greek side would have been demonised as the ones not wanting a solution for the plan , as it happened . 
  i 'm not an expert in such negotiations but i guess that if anything , showing that it was the people that voted against the terms that were proposed and not just a few crappy politicians with agendas , is better . 
  i 'll be happy to reconsider if you can give me the plan 's showing that the greek-cypriot side pushed for this . 
  you should have something like that since you did your thesis on it right ? 
  unless you 're also talking without something to back up your own claims which is what you 've given in here so far . 
  what you 're giving me is only your opinion and view on the matter as well you know . 
  sorry but your comment makes no sense . 
  you 're saying that nowadays greece is a different country of what ancient greece . . what were you expecting ? 
  we 're talking about a 2500 years gap . 
  nowadays greece has preserved the things that tie it to the ancient one . 
  the alphabet , the language , the history , and the continuation of its people living there all this time . 
  obviously things like customs , buildings , technology etc change with time . 
  were you also expecting to see legionaries in modern italy ? 
  people painting their faces blue in britain ? 
  priests sacrificing slaves to tlaloc in mexico ? 
   yes , i think modern greece has profited a lot from carrying the same name like the ancient civilization . 
  yes of course . 
  we should have erased our history and brought oure temples down so that some random guy online ca n't accuse us of profiting from our past ^ / s . 
  are you serious ? 
  every country benefits from their past . 
  italy , greece , egypt , china , you name it . 
   i think it also helped greece during the recent debt crises , because i doubt the global public would have cared so much about a bankrupt of bulgaria for example . 
  are you seriously saying that bankers , organizations like the troika and corporations like moodys give loans with better conditions or more favorable evaluations because of a country 's ancient history ? 
   what i dont understand is why caarying the name of ancient greece ( with all these advantages ) is not enough for you , but you also claim the sole representation for the name `` macedonia '' . 
  in my view it wouldnt harm you to be a bit more generous in this regard !, 
  you 're mentioning carrying our own history as if it 's a handout and we should be grateful just to have that , which is silly . 
  we do n't claim the sole representantion of the name `` macedonia '' , fyrom does that by having its people called `` mecedonians '' which is a name tied to an ancient kingdom with which they have absolutely no connection . 
  we happen to be the first country to have coined and used that name so if anything , it 's greece that it 's tied to , at least historically and culturally . 
  the thing is that the name was also given to the wider area in general which complicates things . 
  we can agree to other people using the name in the geographic sense but in order for that to happen the name must change . 
  why should we tolerate countries that have no connection with the ancient macedonia to try to claim that history simply because they migrated to that area ? 
  i do n't know where you 're from ( and i 'd be interested to know ) but you can be generous with your own country 's history and give it away to your neighbors if you want . 
  we choose not to do the same . 
  will egypt also be generous and give us its history with the pharohs and the pyramids ? 
  why should it ? 
  do we claim egypt 's history ? 
  why should we ? 
  in my view , it also would n't harm fyrom to carve its own history instead of trying to steal from its neighbors . 
  everything is booked already .
