  serious question : how old are you ? 
  i do n't disagree that some solution should be found to regulate the flow and processing of the people seeking asylum but so far we 're stuck at the `` until then '' part . 
  so far no countries are willing to provide a place to host so many thousands of people together and countries like libya and egypt are refusing to take them back so there are no other safe places to resettle to unles you enjoy the idea of forcefully entering other countries and dropping off immigrants with whatever concequences that might have . 
  fixing the problem in its root will take a long time if we want to be realistic but until then we 're dealing with a crisis and some countries are refusing to receive even a few refugees to help with the situation until something can be done . 
  useless comment is useless, 
  most countries are not fans of having concentration camps hosting hundreds of thousands of people . 
  it 's not the same situation . 
  a good deal would be something like what we have with turkey but other countries south of italy reject that so we 're sort of out of options here . 
  if you 're about to drown before you fix the leak , it 's smarter to divert water to other places until you fix the leak , to buy yourself time . 
  if we 're using random analogies i can do the same . 
  for the 100th time , what does `` protect the border '' even mean ? 
  do you know yourself ? 
  even if other countries sent boats ( which is n't really needed ) , the boats would still have to collect these people and bring them ashore . 
  what else do you think would happen ? 
   the western worlds is also based on a lot of arabic , persian and indian elements not to the same extent that it is to the greco-roman world . 
  not even close actually . 
  western europe and the western world are not the same things . 
  you can be part of the western world while being in the northern , eastern or southen europe as well . 
  finladn is n't in western europe but it is part of the western world . 
  also turkey while not purely western is a country that 's ( or was ) trying to get `` westernized '' and distance itself since kemal . 
  if they did n't greece would have a lot of differences with them today . 
  i 've asked that repeatedly and so far i got no answers but here we go again . . what exactly do you mean by `` enforncing the outer border '' which in our case is the mediterranean sea ? 
  sinking boats win unarmed men women and children ? 
  greece and italy are n't in the best situation to cope with the refugees either but they agree with the quotas system , just like other countries do . 
  it 's not just germany . 
  then i guess it 's a win win right ? 
  wether they are a burden or will make profit , they 're shared between the countries as it should be , no ? 
  i 'm assuming that you 're trolling or forgot your / s but since you can never know in here , yes we do have a coast guard but this is n't age of empires where a ship can explore half the map and you can increase its los wth a new technology when you reach the imperial age . 
  the sea is vast . 
  also you 're talking about the persian army , not persian immigrants . 
  because germany never claimed that they 're all doctors or engineers obviously . 
  they 're a burden anyway , no one dispute that . 
  it might come to have some good things when it comes to certain individuals but overally it 's a problem , no one denies that . 
  it should be shared by the group . 
  erdogan could play the victim card with literally any kind of resistance he would get to any absurd thing he could go after . 
  does that mean that the eu should roll over and lube itself cause otherwise erdogan will play the victim ? 
  i 'm sure you would n't quite agree with that example if you were in the kitchen 's location . 
  we 're talking about countries here , not rooms . 
  the analogy is stupid . 
  countries can actually take a certain amount of immigrants/refugees without dire consequences despite the scaremongering tactics of the extreme right wing . 
  aaaand back to the edgy comments we are . 
  you literally gave no solution other than some arbitrary `` let 's force them to change their sponsorship '' shit . 
  wow really captain ? 
  thank god you came along with your great idea cause so far no one even thought of that . 
  do you have an actual serious suggestion on how to solve the problem or you 're just saying `` yeah it will be done if we want to ? '', 
  and you did n't reply to me . . what exactly do you mean by border controls in sea borders ? 
  since you find the notion of sinking boats so edgy , do you have any other idea of how border control would work in that situation ? 
  you either save them and collect them as instructed by international law or you sink/let them drown . 
  it might sound edgy to you but currently those are the two options available . 
  refrain from commenting if you have n't thought things through first . 
  literally each and every one of your sentences are wrong . 
  find any historian or scholar and tell them that its arguable that greece is the basis of the western civilization and they 'll look at you like you have down syndrome . 
   just because the west was influenced by ancient greece does not mean anicent greece itself was western . 
  the notion of greece being `` eastern '' derives mostly from the time of the western and eastern roman empires where the west was latin and the east was hellenic . 
  however , that 's a western/eastern split regarding the roman empire which in its entirety was considered as part of the western world anyway . 
  in other words while greece/byzantium was eastern roman empire , it was still part of the western eorld . 
  of course that was only enforced by the arrival of islam . 
   the connection between ancient greece and the west is just stuff dreamt up during the enlightment . 
  before that nobody in the west cared for greek culture just like no one cared about the roman culture either because it was the fucking middle ages . 
  no one cared about that . 
  when the enlightment came that changed and everyone ever since recognizes that greece is part of the western world . 
  it 's just a simply google search away , seriously . 
  by `` then eu will have to stop accepting them . '', 
  i suppose you mean the rest of the eu except greece and italy that have to collect them because the alternative is against the international law right ? 
  in otherwords `` fuck these two particular members as long as we stop accepting them , we 're good '' . 
  even if the eu declared that they wo n't be accepting them , the trafficers wo n't notify the people trying to get across . 
  why would they lose the money ? 
  they know that they can still send them across and greece and italy would take them cause they have to , unless they start shooting at boats full of people . 
  but you guys up north would be safe cause `` hey we declared that we 're not taking them so we 're good '' right ? 
  please do tell me exactly what you mean by `` border control '' when we 're talking about the sea ? 
  how do you think this works ? 
  i 'm curious to know . 
  do tell us what your bright solution is to this problem . 
  sinking boats with women children and men ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  that 's exactly what happens . 
  we spot the boats , stop them , collect the crew and bring them ashore . 
  and then countries like you and hungary are like `` we do n't take them '' . 
  also do you have any idea how big the mediterranear actually is ? 
  the union currently finds no problems with greece 's border safeguarding , it has an issue with certain central european countries refusing to do their share . 
   even ancient greece had more in common with phoenician , persian , and egyptian cultures than with europeans of that time . 
  your fallacy begins from the arbitrary assumption that the greeks were not `` europeans of that time '' themselves . 
  the greeks were as europeans as the celts were , despite the differences in their civilizations . 
  no one says that two european civilizations have to be identical , otherwise one is european and the other is n't . 
  considering that the greeks laid the foundations that would shape the roman empire and later with its expansion to europe , the entire western world , arguing that the greeks are `` eastern '' is retarded . 
  they 're the basis of the western world . 
  the fact that they have similarities with eastern people because they dealt with them due to their location does n't change that . 
  even when talking about western/eastern/northern / southern europe , greece is commonly referred to as southern europe and even western europe ( even though it 's not even close geographically ) , exactly because it 's so strongly connected to the west . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_europe#western_european_and_others_group greece is a western culture with shared elements with the east, 
  so instead they say `` i 'm not taking anyone thank you '' . 
  no this is not the way to solve the problem , the way would be to make an arrangement with the countries they came from to return them back ( libya etc ) . 
  until that happens though , this is what we can do , unless you enjoy the idea of sinking boats with women children and men all over the mediterranean . 
  what else would you suggest ? 
  honestly i was surprised we 're second as well . 
  we have a lot of older backwards wanks . 
  yes since we 're in the business of throwing useless generic quotes around : alea iacta est - julius caesar, 
  please let us know if you have something more constructive than `` lol '' to add to the conversation . 
  we 'd hate to miss your valuable input , 
  greece cooking the books has nothing to do with what i mentioned . 
  greece knew what it was getting into and that the eu would have rules and decisions that would be binding .
