  the greek army advanced almost unopposed to central anatolia . 
  and everywhere they went they killed unarmed civilians . 
  of course , it 's harder for turks to kill greek civilians when they 're on the retreat by the greek army . 
  the greek army did kill civilians but not on a scale that would be unexpected . 
  careful , i do n't excuse this . 
  atrocities are horrible and condemned no matter which side did them , even more if it was my own country . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's expected that you 'd find atrocities on both sides in a war like that . 
  when each side had the upper hand , atrocities were commited on civilians . 
  by both sides . 
   couple of areas ? 
  it had already lost all its arabic possessions . 
  who 's complaining about the loss of syria and iraq ? 
  but the allies took it up themselves to partition and give away even the turkish heartland , again areas where turks were the majority . 
  and judging by what was done in the balkans , ukraine and caucasus death and destruction were imminent . 
  the heartland would remain turkish and the finances would be controlled by foreign powers and even that would n't last for long . 
  of course you would dub anything the heartland but well . . it was expected that it would lose lands , yes . 
  the argument that `` the majority of the population was turkish '' makes no sense . 
  what did you expect to find areas in the ottoman empire where the majority of the population is british or french or italian ? 
  i agree but when there 's immunity in the middle , a cop ca n't just arrest them on the spot . 
  i think immunity has to be revoked first . 
  so it seems natural to me if there was some confusion and hesitation among the police in that situation . 
  okay we have a lot of mistakes in here ...  millions of turkish civilians that had nothing to do with imperial rule in the balkans and were merely settled there by the government or went to look for a better life a la america and lived in those parts for five centuries were wiped off the map millions of civilian turks killed ? 
  really ? 
  how many millions would you say died ? 
  ignoring the ridiculous numbers , that still does n't make it a `` war of independence '' for the turks cause the turks were n't under occupation . 
  it was the other way around . 
   russia took lands it had never ruled that 's basically how the ottoman empired was formed you know . 
  it never ruled constantinople or anatolia before it took these lands . .  as if that was n't enough the allies aftwr ww1 partitioned anatolia in a way that gave huge swath of lands to greeks and armenians even though those people had n't been the majority in those lands for over a thousand years . 
  wrong . 
  first of all that happened in 1922 . 
  `` more than a thousand years ago '' takes us back to 922 . 
  i 'm pretty sure the greeks were the majority in these lands then , not the turks . 
  even in 1920 , if you look at the reports about the demographics , a lot of sources show that even in smyrna right before the war , the turkish and greek populations were about equal , in fact some show that the greeks living there were more than the turks . 
  so eh ... no . 
  if you also count the armenians you 'll find that more non-turks lived in that land , than turks . 
   and without fail the first act of the greek army and the armenians under french command was to attack the civilians again so that they could `` purify '' the area and create their own ethnically homogeneous states . 
  not quite . 
  the landing force was attacked by turkish irregulars during and after the landing . 
  during the landing there were of course attrocities but they happened by both sides sadly . 
  considering how greece and turkey were back then you really coulnd ' t avoid having that . 
  it happened when the turks entered smyrna as well . 
  a lot of civilians were killed . 
   ... and here you mean to admonish us because our ancestors did n't allow for the total destruction of our people . 
  give me a break . 
  what total destruction ? 
  your country declares war and enters the war as an aggressor , it loses the war and when it 's about to lose a couple of areas you 're talking about `` total destruction '' ? 
  what did you expect that you 'd be given more lands for losing the war ? 
  are you serious ? 
  then you should be willing to spend money to make these courses available in dutch as well . 
  ignoring your own citizens and forcing them to attend classes in another language because you want to attract foreignrs is shitty . 
  make it available for both sides . 
  it 's not a matter of being able to speak english . . i 'm aware that most of them can speak english but what does that mean ? 
  how why do n't you just get rid of the dutch language in its whole since everyone can just speak english ? 
  usually you learn to speak english to deal with people abroad when you do n't know their language or with people that are in your country and they ca n't speak your language but this is not just communication . . this is about classes being taught in another language entirely . 
  i see no reason why certain lessons in a dutch university would be only in english . 
  why should a person that for whatever reasons , does n't speak english or does n't want to speak english , be prevented to attend the said class in his own language in his own country ? 
  would n't you say that this is their fault for not speaking dutch when they work on a dutch institution ? 
  or you might as well do it in dutch since 100 % of dutch people speak dutch . 
  which means that you do n't have access to the whole thing simply because you do n't speak a foreign language in your own country . 
  that 's being prevented the way i see it . . every course should be available in dutch in a dutch institution . 
  yes , smoking is unfortunately pretty big in greece . 
  if i 'm not mistaken we have the # 1 spot in europe when it comes to smokers . 
  when they passed that law everyone was laughing knowing that it would n't be enforced . 
  any restaurant or cafe that would ban smoking or force people to sit somewhere else to smoke would probably lose a lot of customers and income cause there would some other business eager to attract these customers by ignoring the law , knowing that probably no one would do anything about it . 
  so between obedience to the law and losing a lot of money , most businesses just ingore the whole thing . 
  personally i 'd love to see the government start handing out fines to every business that allows it but i have no illusions . 
  stuff like that just are n't enforced in greece . 
  `` execute order 66 '', 
  none of these points matter . 
  like you said it 's not obligatory , but speaking english is n't either . 
  why should you be prevented from recieving higher education in a dutch institution for not speaking english or even for simply wanting it to be in your own language ? 
  i personally find dutch horrible ( no offence ) but i 'm against that . 
  be it a great , meh or horrible language , it 's your language . 
  you can speak both dutch and english and use either when you want but i see no reason why the dutch languge or any other , should be abandoned and in time lost . 
  lol you just described all of greece honestly , 
  it 's often the case that countries on the losing side in wars pay compensations or lose certain territories in peace negotiations . 
  especially in large-scale wars like world wars where one side promises enemy territories as a reward for a country joining their side . 
  greece was given control over izmir/smyrna but the ottoman empire refused to comply and used irregulars to attack the greek positions forcing them ( or giving them the excuse ) to attack inwards going all the way to almost ankara . 
  of course greece wanted to take more land but on the other hand , the ottoman empire wanted to get out of a war it lost ( and was an aggressor in ) without any losses . . 
  if you think that losing the bosphorus or smyrna is unfair maybe you should n't have gone to war in the first place = / anyway from an objective standpoint , the great powers 's attitude was hypocritic in the best case , traitorous in the worst . 
  they used greece to enforce a treaty they were n't even really interested in keeping , they got greece in war with turkey and then did n't even help enforce it . 
  british ships did n't even help rescue civilians fleeing smyrna , and they let them to drown . 
  there are even records of officers cutting the hands off of people grabbing hold of the ships . 
  it was a war greece should n't have taken part in in the first place and it 's a good example on how the great powers change sides according to their interests . 
  thanks , i was always curious about the name of that war and thought it was way off . 
  like . . `` please . . you do n't know what an actual war of independence really is '' . 
  keep in mind that the two situations are different . 
  in the nethernalds case , the turkish minister and her entourage had been told not to enter the country so they were n't invited so they did n't have immunity . 
  on the other hand , erdogan was a `` guest '' with everything that brings with it , so the police is pretty limited in what they can do on the spot . 
  hmm i 'm not sure how they ignore the laws . . they get affected as much as every other area does i guess . 
  i mean their vat got increased recently and they have the same with the mainland now ( 24 % ) . 
  maybe they have some shady deal going on and they do n't tell us . 
  we 're on to something here , please do tell :p, 
  the executions are n't daily , but many attacks with serious injuries were/are an almost daily thing ( i 'm using past tense cause after a trial that i mention later on , golden dawn 's activities have subsisded a bit . . for now . . ) . 
  leftist bombs do n't happen daily either . 
  there are many examples of neo-nazi attacks in greece against immigrants or leftist , lots of them have resulted in death . 
  there is a case where a bunch of neo-nazi golden dawn members stabbed and killed a leftist rapper because they heard him criticizing golden dawn at a cafe . 
  his name is pavlos fissas , you can invstigate if you want . 
  there is a trial pending and it 's one of the many cases that had many leading members of golden dawn in trial - which is still pending - under charges of the `` political party '' being a terrorist organization . 
  there are many other occassions where neo-nazis have attacked against immigrants with clubs , knives , iron bars etc , some resulting in deaths .
