   while for adults only radical circumcision is promising . 
  yeah that 's what i 've heard . 
  greece here but my comment was more general as i 've heard it from girls from other countries as well ( not just countries like the usa where it 's normal ) . 
  i think it 's mostly because of porn really . 
  considering the second part of his comment where he says that were n't really any roman philosophers or scientists , i 'd say he has absolutely nothing to do with history . 
  that 's a pretty silly way of looking at it since the greeks already had a great civilization when rome was merely a village . 
  the fact that they were conquered later does n't automatically make greek breakthroughs , roman . 
  the romans were heavily influenced by the greeks and they also went further ahead making their own breakthroughs in many fields but the two civilizations still have their own distinct characteristics . 
   basically : the greeks were the thinkers but did n't do shit , never made their hands dirty to actually do the stuff they thought about . 
  lol 5 out of 7 of the ancient wonders of the world were built by the greeks . 
  add to that other marvels of engineering like the parthenon , the tunnel of eupalinos , the antikythera mechanism and ta-da , you 're pretty wrong . 
  i could be wrong but i think that there are lighter and heavier forms of phimosis and in some cases circumcision is needed ? 
  do n't quote me on it , i 'm not a doctor , lol . 
  if that 's not the case then it 's even more needless as a procedure . 
  i also used to have a light form of it as a kid but it was n't anything serious and like you , it fixed itself growing up . 
  i just lost a good double digit amount of iq and a few billion brain cells reading that argument . 
  yes i forgot the / nohomo part :p, 
  honestly no , i do n't see it like that because of the cultural thingy at all , the norm over here is uncut penises as well . 
  i just think they look funny but you do have a point about other parts of our physique or our physique in general looking funny so yeah . 
   your sentence is kinda funny because you do n't have a problem with it but you still think it is stupid . 
  ( : well you know sometimes you can find certain things silly or needless but you have no issues with them . 
  i do n't see the point in girls getting implants either , boobs are great anyway , but if a girl wants to do it , or get piercings cause she likes them , fine by me . 
  it 's her body . 
  as long as it does n't cause harm it 's her call . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , did you do it cause of a medical reason or as a preference ? 
  eh they 're not really the same . 
  uncircumsised erect penises have a bit more skin `` rolled '' under the head while in circumsised erect penises the skin is more . . stretched ? 
  obviously there are differences in the flaccid state too . 
  i was talking more about the physical body parts . 
  some things like hiccups are more like silly reactions due to our nerve signals `` confusing '' the brain . 
  kind of like when you spin fast and you get nausea because the brain thinks you 're intoxicated and its reaction is to make you want to puke to `` clean '' your system . 
  not sure about the apendix or coccyx to be honest . 
  but yes you 're right about the leftovers part . 
  i completely agree but it 's just my opinion . 
  i ca n't stop someone from having a surgery to alter some part of him if he thinks its better , considering it 's not life threatening . 
  like i said earlier , it 's your genitalia and you 're a grown man so knock yourself out . 
  i 'm just mentioning that as a factor that could drive an adult male to do that . 
  i know of a friend 's friend that did it at his 19 years cause he thought it would improve his sex life . 
  all i know is that he was borderline regretting it for a week after the procedure where he was trying to avoid erections by any means cause it was a really painful experience lol . 
  not sure how he liked it after that . 
  not necessarily . 
  i 've seen girls from countries where circumcision is n't a thing , say that they would prefer circumsized penises because they `` look nicer '' , either from porn or previous experience perhaps . 
  obviously medical reasons where circumcision is necessary are an exception . 
  if i was suffering from gangrene and my finger needed to be cut off to save the hand i 'd be ok with it . 
  i would certainly not be ok with someone cutting off my finger for fun or religious reasons . 
  maybe god has phimosis \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af ( it was a joke , plx do n't ban me ) on a more serious and not ill-intended note , very little of organized religion stuff make sense to me so i ca n't really help you there mate . 
  personally i frown upon religions that dictate the way you should believe in your god , especially when they include stuff like starvation or mutilations . 
   of course it is , since it is perfect and exactly what it should be . 
  i know what you mean ( i hope this does n't sound somehow like i am twisting your words since it 's not ) but can you imagine how strange it would be for people ie say `` i still have all my ten fingers instead of only nine like this super old book tells me i should have , and i am doing perfectly fine ! '', 
  exactly . 
  it 's as if foreskin is a birth defect . 
  it 's stupid . 
  our anatomy does n't have things that are better off getting chopped off - again talking about normal births obviously . 
  call it god or evolution , our body is designed or evolved in a way that its parts are useful . 
  if you take care of your body it will be fine . 
  just like with oral hygiene , if you do n't take care of your teeth you 'll have problems . 
   it is a beautiful masterpiece just like it should be . 
  eh , that 's arguable . . foreskins look weird if you ask me , even though i have one lol :p but yeah they 're useful for sexual pleasure and it 's not a reason to chop em off ffs . 
   i do agree what you say , but still somehow the idea of even adult males doing it for no ( medical ) reason whatsoever irks me , because there must be some kind of cultural pressure to even suggest that . 
  people are n't their ears or nipples whatever away even though we have the freedom to do it , because just the idea of it is plain crazy . 
  we should get to that point where the idea of cutting your foreskin is the same . 
  lots of males think circumsized penises look better and a lot of girls also agree with that ( edit just to clarify : that does n't make it right , just saying how some people see it . . ) . 
  i 've talked to guys that wanted to do it because they were afraid that girls would n't like it as much if they did n't . 
  i have no real issues with people doing it for aesthetic reasons but i generally agree that aiming to chop part of your penis off because you think it 'll be more desirable by the other sex is kind of silly . 
  it 's sort of the equivalent of females getting breast implants but a bit more barbaric and i think a lot more painful , lol . 
  lol not sure why i 'm getting downvoted . 
  cause i said lots of girls like circumcised penises ? 
  wtf ? 
  agreed , i was n't suggesting that it should be fought on the ground of religious freedom being taken too far , but rather that there 's a good chance that this would typically be the perpetrator 's defence : `` it 's part of my religion/tradition '' so it could go there anyway . 
  stuff like that should be rejected outright by any sensible court . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah i saw that it takes place in july so i guess it can get hot but i noticed that there are also tickets for evening and night tournaments so these could be cool too . 
  i wanted to visit munich for a while so i can combine it , it 's not far . 
  soon ^ ^ tm it 's true that criticism is much more vocal lately but it 's still damn embarassing that this thing still exists today . 
  it 's one of the cases where `` religious freedom '' has to be checked when it 's associated with bodily harm and basically violation of human rights . 
  i could mention more examples but it could get off topic . 
  anyway , here 's hoping . 
  also imagine the mother 's horror to open the child 's nappy and find it all bloody . . the shock of a mother to see that . . 
  this shit has to stop , it 's not the 1300 's ffs . 
  i 'm not circumsized and it 's working perfectly fine . 
  if there 's not a medical reason ( phimosis etc ) there 's absolutely no reason to give an infant that procedure . 
  if you 're an adult male do whatever the hell you want with your genitalia but forced mutilation of babies in the name of religion and superstitions is just barbaric . 
  hard to tell . . there 's some bullshit being taught over here too . 
  some unconvenient truths are being skipped forward in history lol . 
  i 'm afraid that it might be worse over your side and it 's sad to see the situation deteriorating with erdogan lately . 
  hopefully turkey will get back on track soon . 
  it needs both countries moving forwards to fix things . 
  best of luck !, 
   the report also revealed that the greek government had sent shipments of light arms and ammunition to the bosnian serb army between 1994 and 1995 . 
  i honestly find that to be bullshit cause i ca n't see how our then `` left '' government ( pasok ) could have sent weapons to support a bunch of ultranationalist volunteers . 
  unless there was a shady deal by the army but i seriously doubt that . 
  not sure how credible that institutiona 's report is . 
  however if it was taken to court and proved to be legit , yes responsibility should definitely be assumed . 
   because it makes sense in the context ? 
  imploding second world country vs allied nation , one is more important than the other . 
  not when it comes to the un . 
  like you said , it 's not an alliance , it 's a peacekeeping operation knowingly sent to defend civilians that are n't part of an allied country . 
  civilians are not deemed as `` first world '' , `` second world '' , `` allied '' or whatever . 
  they 're all innocent ( unless shown otherwise obviously ) people to be helped . 
   more sensible .
