  and lets not forget the word kimono !, 
  someone that kills animals for entertainment died doing exactly that . 
  ca n't say i 'm sad * shrugs *, 
  cause sometimes friendship can go beyond your opinion about the planet 's shape . 
  he might be a really great person that has helped him through a critical time and has proven his friendship and well-mannerism . 
  sometimes your friends can be or appear to be silly and still be your friends you know . 
  hey , my best friend is a christian !, 
  good luck with the philippines amigo . 
  a couple that i found ( in greek ) http://www.cnn.gr/news/ellada/story/84413/amyntaio-allaxe-o-xartis-meta-tin-katolisthisi-anagkastiki-apallotriosi-oikismoy-pics-vid http://www.lifo.gr/now/greece/148243, 
  it 's a horrible death truly . 
  horrible news , i hope most of the people if not all managed to get out but people were reporting that flashlights and cellphone lights could be seen from the rooms so there are still people alive there :(, 
  yes i picked up on that mate . 
  it was n't against you personally . 
  i just meant that many hungarians in here sounded like a right-winged backwards xenophobic and in many cases homophobic prick . 
  i know it sounds rude , i 'm not generalizing , i 'm sure not everyone is like that but sadly , it 's my just experience with the majority in here . 
  you think wrong . 
  i 'm well aware . 
  i simply gave my own point of view half jokingly . 
  you seem to be as bright as a black hole and twice as thick so i 'll try to dumb it down for you by saying that i was talking about overpopulation . . on a global scale like i mentioned . 
  it 's not a matter of whether you 're a parent that can provide for their offspring or not . 
  when the very planet 's resources are running low , we 'll all be the second kind . 
  i really hate to say it and honestly i mean no offence by that , but the overwhelming majority of the hungarian community in reddit makes me think that orban is actually a pretty mellow fella compared to them . 
  the butthurt is strong in you , young padawan . 
  exactly . 
  the swastika was n't a hate symbol before it actually became one due to how it was used . 
  the cross was n't a religious symbol before it was used as one . 
  it was just two crossed lines . 
  edit before the christian hordes put me on the cross ( which would be ironic ) : not implying that the cross is a hate symbol , just showing how symbols work regardless of their nature . 
  seeing it from a global perspective , if anything we should start having less children . 
  unless we happen to find a spare planet . 
  well it 's not like we 're inviting them over here or anything . 
  i 'm for sending them back too , at least the ones that actually do n't come from war zones but it 's kind of a hard thing to do when the countries like tunisia or wherever they 're coming from , wo n't recognize them and take them back in . 
  and between you and me , why would they ? 
  same thing was happening with turkey until the deal was signed and they got money to accept them back and actually do something to keep them from leaving their shores . 
  unless the same thing happens with these countries we ca n't really avoid what 's happening, 
  i do n't disagree . 
  a lot of them are n't compatible . 
  but i 've yet to see a reasonable way of solving the problem . 
  and my point was that even after the natives had lost their land and the settlers ran the place , a shitload of people ( more settlers ) kept coming from all over the world . 
  the country was founded on collecting all sorts of people from wealthy lords to piss-poor wretches to straight out criminals . 
   * not like the brazen giant of greek fame , with conquering limbs astride from land to land ; here at our sea-washed , sunset gates shall stand a mighty woman with a torch , whose flame is the imprisoned lightning , and her name mother of exiles . 
  from her beacon-hand glows world-wide welcome ; her mild eyes command the air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame . 
  `` keep , ancient lands , your storied pomp ! '', 
  cries she with silent lips . 
  `` give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , the wretched refuse of your teeming shore . 
  send these , the homeless , tempest-tost to me , i lift my lamp beside the golden door !, 
  '' * this is one of the most known welcome signs , it 's the inscription on the statue of liberty . 
  so again . . do you think that all these were angels ? 
  now i 'm not saying that europe should necessarily become a multinational melting pot like the usa , i 'm just saying that it does n't necessarily mean that these people are all evil . 
  `` turn them back laws be damned '' and start a war with the country that would stop my coast guard boats from violating their borders . 
  yes that makes perfect sense . 
  i 'm not against closing the migrant routes , i 'm against retarded ideas that include shooting or sinking boats with men women and children in the name of the camel 's back and preserving cultural identity . 
  we have n't reached that point just yet . 
  perhaps it would have been but the funny thing is that most peope would argue that the settlers actually did make america a better place to live in . 
  anyway , the point was simple . 
  angels or not , you ca n't really tell when you 're saving them from sinking boats in the mediterranean , can you now ? 
  what is our friend above suggesting ? 
  letting them drown cause `` they 're not angels '' ? 
  well i 'm not really informed on this either and i 'm not sure how this is suggested to be implemented unless countries like tunisia and egypt are aboard and agree to take the immigrant/refugees/whatever back . 
  like i said , i do n't think the italian coastguard can simply enter tunisian waters and leave them there so yeah . . i do n't know how this will play out . 
  if there 's an agreement similar to the one with turkey then yeah maybe . 
  until then , picking those people up , although problematic is obviously preferable than watching them drown all over the mediterranean least they disturb our way of life . 
  hungary you 're wearing your flag upside down !, 
  well typically when the western countries violate borders like that , it 's followed by bombings so that 's one more reason why it 'd be unreasonable i guess . 
  what do you mean by `` you think they 're angels '' ? 
  do you think the people living in your country are angels ? 
  what would you suggest ? 
  questionaries with questions like `` are you a nice person ? '', 
  that the refugees have to fill in quickly as their boat sinks in the mediterranean ? 
  obviously many are n't angels . 
  just like a shitload of the settlers that went to the americas were scum . 
  what 's your point ? 
  because you ca n't save them and then violate another country 's sea borders and disembark on their islands to drop people off . 
  if italy saves them , italy has to take them in . 
  or let them drown . 
  i think the former is the reasonable ( although inconvenient ) thing to do . 
  edit : downvote this all you like but do tell me what of the above is wrong please . 
  and the dinosaur !, 
  and goats . 
  lots of goats !, 
  probably more damage was caused in greece than turkey . 
  i 'm reporting poseidon for friendly fire . 
  do n't be silly , the el fleet is parked on the dark side of the moon . 
  this is common knowledge but shhh, 
  sure . 
  but they 're fixated with macedonia so . . you convince them to change it to western bulgaria , it 's fine by us lol, 
  well the government in greece actually does n't do that . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  and even if it did , it 'd at least be true so there 's also that . 
  two things that fyrom ca n't claim . 
  and baklava mmm, 
  same with athens . 
  man that 's far . 
  yeah it 's so accurate we 're not even mad . 
  most studies i 've seen agree that greeks have had a continuity in the area since the ancient times , at least on reasonable levels considering the thousands of years that have passed . 
  one article i found that has references on different biological/archaeological studies , might help you : http://dienekes.awardspace.com/articles/fallmerayer/, 
  where did you see that ? 
  as many as a nation can have with its ancestors 2500 years ago . 
  language , alphabet and a continual presence in the area . 
  we do n't hear chitons and sacrifice to zeus anymore .
