  let 's say that we have bigger issues to solve between turkey and greece . 
  and yeah there 's no chance anything like that could happen again so . . 
  he 's wrong about the right of conquest thing obviously . 
  the british base was decided to be there under the treaty just like you mentioned . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  american troops not being stationed in vietnam effectively occupying it did n't mean jack shit to vietnam ? 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's like saying that the greek , british and french armies withdrawing from turkey after ww1 did n't mean jack shit . 
  of course it did . 
  try to think how different it 'd be if you had 3 fucking armies present in your country against your will . 
  the armies withdrawing is a major step if the island is to be sovereign and reunified . 
  there are greek and turkish military bases but they 're both there to counter each other basically . 
  that 's why i 'm saying that the british bases play no role in this and it 's the greek and turkish armies that matter and should necessarily withdraw , then we can talk about the brits . 
  so if i 'm understand you correctly , you 're saying that if greece was in the middle east or bordering it , it would be illegally occupying a foreign country as well ? 
  cause that 's retarded . 
  i agree that the british have no place there either but they 're not the problem here . 
  our armies can leave even if the brits stayed . 
  if cyprus willingly chose to have turkish or greek bases on the island after that , just like our countries allow the usa to have bases , then that 's cool . 
  i 'd like the brits to leave as well but that 's up to cyprus and to me they 're not part of this problem, 
  really ? 
  proposing that the island should be reunified without foreign armies on its soil means jack shit to you ? 
  really man ? 
  can you let your turkish bias go for a moment and think objectively ? 
  both armies withdrawing is a crucial step on solving the conflict . 
  it 'll mean there wo n't be a bogeyman from either side to interfere with cyprus . 
  i ca n't believe i have to explain this . 
  no because there are many cypriots that would n't want greece to be interfering either , especially when they know it would cause frictions with turkey . 
  but even if that was the case , cyprus would be free to choose who to allow to have a base in its soil right ? 
  is your argument `` i 'm not letting cyprus be a free reunited country cause it might choose the other side , so instead i 'm keeping it a hostage '' ? 
  cause that 's a shitty mindset man . 
  cyprus is not a greek puppet , it is a sovereign country . 
  it 's up to turkey to work towards improving relations . 
  really there 's no reason why cyprus and turkey ca n't work together but for that to happen , turkey has to change a lot of things and let cyprus be its own country just like greece is n't trying to annex cyprus anymore and the two countries retain friendly relations . 
  in any case , saying `` i wo n't let the island be reunified cause it 'll be friends with greece '' is just crappy . 
  greece was plainly suggesting withdrawing its own army from the island along with turkey and turkey still refused . 
  that 's the point . 
  i do n't know what the plans about the british base were but let 's be honest here , the british base is not related to that at all . 
  the usa also has bases in a lot of countries without causing any frictions . 
  none of our countries actually minds the british base being there . 
  the `` issues '' is between the greek and the turkish army and if they both withdraw it 'll be better for the island would n't you agree ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  that 's not even related to what we were saying . 
  i repeat . 
  ask the greek government if they recognize the atrocities and then ask the turkish government if they recognize their own massacres on the island and the illegal occupation and you 'll see who recognizes their shit and who does n't . 
  greece willing to pull out is a different topic . 
  it just shows that greece has no interest in holding the island a hostage like turkey does . 
  at this point you 're simply using random and unrelated atrocities around the world to justify what your country is doing and you 're knowingly lying to yourself to justify an occupation so i 've lost all interest in debating with someone with your mindset mate . 
  you 're a lost cause a perfect example of how turkish politicians think . 
  apparently you have no idea what you 're talking about either at this point . 
  i know who akinci is but he 's not even relevant to this . 
  i was talking about greece recognizing what happened , not the roc , and i was talking about turkey not recognizing its own faults and its occupation , not the trnc . 
  i do n't see how akinci is related there . 
   and how do we know that , are we supposed to take your word for it ?? 
  cause there 's no realistic scenario in which greece goes to war with turkey ( why would it do that ? ), 
  or cyprus starts cleansing the turkish cypriots again when it 's trying to reunify the island . 
  it happened back then because of a junta and the idea of enosis which is abandoned by both countries today . 
  ask anyone how likely they think it is for the same shit to happen again and they 'll all tell you the same thing . 
   till this day greece is looking to get cyprus under its influence . 
  how exactly ? 
   it 's not a coincidence that greece literally blackmailed the eu to accept a split cyprus into the eu . 
  no coincidence at all . 
  what did you expect that greece ( or any other eu member ) would accept a turkish pseudostate unrecognized by every single country in the world , in the eu ? 
  what are you high on ? 
  it has nothing to do with greece . 
  no one would accept the northern part since it 's not even a country . 
  roc however is a sovereign country recognized by everyone so everyone agreed to let it join . 
  feel free to keep lying to yourself about a fear of greece purging turkish cypriots again . 
  every sensible person or country knows that greece is light years away from that , and greece 's willingness to withdraw shows that . 
  it 's turkish aggression and refusal to withdraw the army that worries others . 
  not to mention the rest of the shit going on in your country . 
  you 're anything but stable . 
  greece is n't the problem here . 
  what cyprus votes is entirely its own business . 
  if turkey had a difference stance , perhaps cyprus would have a different stance towards them . 
  perhaps cyprus is friendly towards greece exactly because greece is n't pushing its interests down its throat while on the other hand turkey ca n't even let the army go lol . 
   greece did n't want to have military on the island , instead , it wanted to annex it . 
  oh i 'm sorry , i thought we were talking about today . 
  yes greece back then wanted the enosis ( which btw is what the vast majority of cyprus also wanted ) . 
  today , greece is straight out proposing a withdrawal . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  lol please . 
  it 's in every speech every turkish president or pm ever has made . 
  `` we have shed heroes blood on that island , we wo n't let it go ! '', 
  and similar bullshit . 
  when turkey is ready to face the fact that it 's there illegally , you can expect such a joint statement . 
  greece has accepted what happened but if you want something like that , turkey must do the same and it 's entirely unwilling to . 
  something about you people and recognizing old atrocities . . 
  i ca n't expect a turkish withdraw if we 're dealing with turkey that 's stuck in a 1800 's mindset of `` this land is ours now '' . 
  greece is proposing that both armies withdraw which is the right thing to do really and you know it . 
  greece is n't interested in holding cyprus hostage and is n't after any interests on the island . 
  greece has accepted that cyprus is its own country . 
  turkey does n't do that so it 's pointless . 
  no wonder people are bashing your backwards country daily . 
  again , there 's no reason whatsoever for either army to be on the island , that 's why greece rejects it . 
  so basically it 's turkey rejecting the talks since it knows full well that the army staying there is a no for reunification talks and for good reason . 
  in any case , do go ahead with the annexation and see how it goes for turkey lol, 
  sorry , i misinterpreted it, 
  yes because in the end turkey 's action shows that it never even mean to be an intervention . 
  if it would have been , it would have been justified . 
  but it was n't so most greeks can see behind that .
