  if we were to reform our system aiming for efficiency there could be a huge boost but with the current situation that 's a pretty big if . 
   maybe because those who took part in the coup used those ( also not sure about ships ) . 
  which means that you do n't have control over your armed forces . .  because thanks to erdo\u011fan 's stupid policies he let gulen place his people in many places and now erdo\u011fan acts like he is 10192929 % innocent ... how does that change the fact that a good amount of your soldiers and officers do n't wish to return to their country and they 'd rather seek political asylum in european countries ? 
  you say that turkey is one of the most patriotic countries in europe - and i agree - but the fact is that a lot of people are very displeased with the country 's route and they 'd prefer not to fight because of erdogan 's whims . 
  patriotism is n't always about fighting with your country even when you know it 's wrong . 
  look at germany . 
  would you say that the most patriotic ones were the ones that were like `` hitler 's a lunatic but germany 's in war so i have to go to war against the brits , french and russians '' or the few ones like stauffenberg for example that loved their country and decided that the best way of action was not to fight the enemy without , but the enemy within . 
  patriotism does n't mean fight for your country even when it 's in the wrong . 
  thanks for the kind words , you guys have a beautiful country , cool history and wonderful girls plus you 're not assholes so yeah . . what 's not to like ? 
  we generally get along well with most balkan and eastern/southern european people . 
  on the other hand we 've always had strong ties with russia as well since we 've had no beef with them in the past , as a matter of fact they helped a lot during the greek war of independence against the ottomans and generally russia has always been cool-ish with greece . 
  so we are possibly the only case ( perhaps excepting turkey with recent events ) of a nato country that 's . . well . . a nato member and a friend of russia so we 're like the middle guy in this whole thing . 
  no he 's just bagging all middle eastern countries in one cause `` they 're middle eastern hurr durr '' . 
  if you use it the other way around to claim that his country was exterminating jews en masse during ww2 cause he 's european , he 'll be all offended . 
  the question is `` or what ? '', 
  just saying . . the army is in a pretty bad shape atm, 
  or give the minorities inside the country the chance they wanted to rebel . 
  except for all the nato army that we 're amassing right next to its borders as if we 're begging to give them an excuse to do something stupid . 
  do n't pick on a bear that 's not threatening you . 
  really ? 
  i wonder what your view is on the cuba missile crisis . 
  i mean . . cuba invited the soviets to send it missiles in its own country so i guess following the very same logic , it 's none of the usa 's business who cuba invites into its country right ? 
  the answer is no . 
  cause it 's a threat right next to you . 
  which is exactly what foreign troops right outside of your borders are . 
  you 're being a hypocrite and you know it . 
  unless of course you think your country was wrong on the whole cuban missiles thingy as well and you would n't mind having russian troops on the mexican border . . which i 'm sure you would mind so who are you kidding here ? 
  when were you elected by the lithuanian parliament to represent them ? 
  are you celebrity ? 
  please do point out the huge russian army camped outside of us border for me . 
  that 's right there 's no russian army there . 
  yet there is a us army camped outside of russia 's border and it 's growing larger . 
  if that 's not inflaming relations i 'm not sure what is . 
  careful , i 'm not saying that russians are saints or anything . . but when you have an army right outside of the other guy 's borders , you 're the threatening one . 
  not them . 
  maybe you do . 
  you 're the one that insinuated that we should keep licking the boots of the second largest nato army simply because it is the sencond largest army . 
  that was my original comment before the discussion got derailed . 
  well not every nato member is in every conflict region especially when they 're not really required to be there . 
  the task force around syria is not strictly a nato expedition , not something that all nato members have to take part in . 
  that would be the case if a nato member was invaded . 
  keep in mind that russia also has troops there against isis and they 're not in nato . 
  i 'm not sure if estonia has any ( significant ) force in syria either . 
  anyway , poland is more focused on the russian border and i 'd say in more relevant numbers compared to estonia , so it makes sense . 
  eh that link is from 2015 so it might be outdated or maybe there 's a difference between general gpd % spending on defence , or gdp % on defence spent precisely for nato . 
  here are the links i found from 2016 but these specify that it 's spendings for nato so i guess there 's a difference somehow . 
  http://money.cnn.com/2016/07/08/news/nato-summit-spending-countries/ http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2016/07/04/greece-has-second-highest-defense-spending-in-nato-after-usa/ http://www.businessinsider.com/nato-share-breakdown-country-2017-2, 
   not all loopholes play such an important role in a major crisis for an entire continent though . 
  are you suggesting we should n't fix it ? 
  no , but what you 're suggesting does n't fix it . 
   worse for who ? 
  immigrants or europeans ? 
  because i only care about the latter group . 
  for both . 
  letting refugees drown in the sea is bad for both . 
  apparently you do n't feel the same way so there 's no point in discussing with someone that barely qualifies as a human . 
  not caring if someone dies or not cause he was n't born in the same borders with you is simply disgusting mate . 
  i feel sorry that i 'm in the same species as you are . 
   not in it 's traditional understanding . 
  illegal alien = criminal . 
  they 're still civilians you know . 
  read what the word means . 
   now you 're using logical fallacies . 
  well you brought a fallacy as an example and so did it . 
  apparently you saw that it backfired and went with the `` fallacies '' thingy . 
  okay lol . 
   read what i wrote again . 
  refugees from turkey are no more refugees since they 've already reached a safe country . 
  these who come to europe are n't fleeing anything , they 're economic migrants . 
  when people arrive by sea in sinking boats from whatever country , you 're required to take them in , refugees or not . 
  the country they came from can refuse to take them back and they can apply for asulym . 
  if your solution is to let them drown , there 's no point in discussing this anymore . 
   you do realise the irony of what you just wrote , do n't you ? 
  it was a simple sentence but you failed to grasp it . 
  you said you do n't want to talk emotions and you summon logic but your logic is also flawed cause it 's not solving anything for either group . 
  which part confuses you ? 
  wait . . have you been serious this entire time ? 
  oh my sweet summer child . . 
  50.000 is a pretty small number considering the millions that were displaced but still it 's good news although i 'm afraid it 's temporary . 
  if the situation stabilizes , more will be willing to return but that just seems far away . 
  a lot will choose to live abroad like it has happened in many other countries that faced war , left to australia , the usa or canada or whatever and became citizens and lived there . 
  hungary disagrees with the refugee policy of the eu and greece disagrees with the way germany handled the debt situation . 
  none of them are anti-western and anti-european , certainly not when it comes to nato . 
  only estonia hits the required 2 % out of the baltic nations . 
  singlular , not plural . 
  and then there 's also greece ( with the 2nd highest budget by percentage , below the usa ) and poland which are not baltic nations . 
  turkey actually fails to meet the agreed upon 2 % of gdp . 
  so yeah . . you 're pretty wrong . 
  keep in mind that websites like this one basically compare numbers and do n't take into consideration internal problems , coup threats , division between the army and stuff like that . 
  having a 2 million strong army is useless if hald of them defect and the rest are unable to co-ordinate in an effective way due to junior officers with close to 0 experience being in command . 
  did n't we have such an organization around here somewhere ? 
   greece and turkey violate each other 's territory routinely could you find me 3 cases where greece violated turkish airspace recently ? 
  i can find you 400 in a single day . 
  more than 2000 times only in 2014 . 
  it should be easy for you to find the same for greece . 
   if you do n't like that answer , sort out your country , use that tax money to build up your military , and then retake constantinople ; if you control the access to the black sea there will be little reason to put up with turkey 's behavior . 
  if greeks wo n't pay taxes to support their military , why should american taxpayers do it ? 
  lol this paragraph proves my point in the best way . 
  you do n't even have the basic knowledge of the situation . 
  your last sentence especially only tells me that just cause you have a vague knowledge of greece being in debt , you somehow assume that it does n't pay taxes to support their military .
