  oi leave our islands out of this !, 
  who pissed in your soup buddy ? 
  a warning shot is n't supposed to hit the target indeed . 
  the shots that come after the warning shots have been ignored however , are . 
  international ngo 's commonly bear logos or signs showing they 're exactly that and they usually do n't ignore warning shots if it even comes to that point . 
  that boat was completely unknown , with intel that it was carrying illegal substances , so your comparisson is kind of stupid . 
   i already said that i support the greek side in this subject , but it is still wrong to shoot at a ship that didn \u00b4 t threaten you . 
  at this point i wonder exactly how you support the greek side in this subject since you 're clearly against what they did . 
  by recognizing that they had the right to stop the ship ? 
  that 's a fact , not something that needs your support . 
  the only ambiguous point is that they had to fire at the ship and you 're obviously against the greek side on this matter . 
  not that i care but you should stop saying that you support the greek side . 
   this didn \u00b4 t happen , so why are you talking about it ? 
  it actually did happen . 
  look at my previous post 's edit . 
  the turkish government said nothing about the boat being in greek territorial waters . 
   and if greek would start bombing turkish coast , turkey would wipe to floor with the greek nation . 
  is this related to the subject ? 
  a ) who even mentioned greece bombing the turkish coast ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you said in your previous post something like `` why would you risk starting a war '' and i simply told you that there 's no reason for a war to start , unless turkey goes to war over a stupid captain that was obviously trespassing . 
  greece is n't in the wrong here so it would n't be greece starting the war . 
  b ) it would be a pretty costly and close war for both sides . 
  nothing like `` wiping floors '' . 
   let \u00b4 s assume you guys killed one . 
  this can totaly result in a war . 
  or turkey could accept that we killed someone that was in our waters illegally and repeatedly ignored requests and even warning shots . 
  if he got killed , that 's his fault . 
   if someone organizes an illegal demonstration + refused to dissolve it , then the police doesn \u00b4 t go there and shoot everyone to death either . 
  your logic is corrupted . 
  and this is n't the same case with an unknown boat trespassing national borders at all . 
  stop talking about different situations . 
  the coast guard asked the boat to dock and be inspected and it did n't stop . 
  so your issue is the name ? 
  if its the same with marriage why not call it that as well ? 
  honestly , you do n't know what a ship that does n't comply or respond to warning shots might do , especially when you have a warning that it might be carrying drugs . 
  let him say we fired at him , maybe next time he 'll think twice before ignoring authorities . 
  the news say that the turkish ministry of foreign affairs said that it was an uncalled for action against a ship transferring cargo between two turkish ports ( but they forgot to mention that somehow managed to find itself way into greek waters ) , and that they strongly condemn the greek side for what happened . 
  not even a sorry or something for the shit the ship stirred !, 
  nothing . 
  it 's as if the greek side saw a boat and decided to practice their aim on it . 
  lmao i have no idea what they were saying but i take it it was an alternative trojan horse thingy with a bmw ? 
  good one , i lol 'd . 
  you do n't know if they were armed or not or that they posed no threat , at least not while all this is happening . 
  for all you know they could be smuggling stuff or people and they could have hidden weapons . 
  they had the chance to prove that when they were asked to dock for inspection but they disregarded that order which means they 're treated as suspicious at least . 
  such protocols exist for a reason . 
  it 's not up to you or the officers/sailors of the coast guard to be like `` oh well they look harmless , fuck it . '', 
  from what we know , the steps that should be taken in these situations were taken , up to the final and more drastic one . 
  if the boat is not dangerous , it has no reason not to comply . 
   because turkey controlls all civilians ? 
  so if a greek hits me , i can take that as a declaration of war from the greek government ? 
  what kind of logic is this ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i did n't say they should control them . 
  i said war would break out if turkey decided to cover the ship 's captain and antagonize the greek side despite the fact that the captain was violating the borders and ignoring orders from the authorities . 
  if turkey decides that the greek side acted according to the laws , then why should a war break out ? 
  if they decide to cover their civilian 's illegal activities , then it 's them starting the war , not the coast guard for following protocol . 
   they could have blocked their way or called the turkish side . 
  turkey is not a monster . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  why would we endanger our own ship being rammed or getting blown up in the case the suspect ship was carrying explosives or whatever ? 
  and calling the turkish side would n't have changed much , i think i read somewhere that the ship 's captain contacted the turkish side and even they told him to comply but he did n't . 
  in any case , the ships should have complied with the coast guard in the first place . 
  edit related to what i was saying about turkey covering the captain : apparently the turkish ministry of foreign affairs made a statement condemning the greek side for opening fire on `` a ship that was carrying cargo between two turkish ports '' and threatening the crew 's right to live ( ?!? ) . 
  nothing about how the ship somehow found itself deep in greek waters , or about how it completely ignored the authorities . 
  nothing about the captain being charged with anything . 
  lol . 
  sec i 'll ask germoney for some , although they might whine a bit . 
  an unknown ship that sails in your waters , refuses to comply and ignores even warning shots is considered dangerous . 
  you do n't know what it might be carrying especially with all the shit that 's been going on . 
  there 's no reason for a war to start unless turkey wants to provoke and decides to cover the captain ( which it seems to be doing since their if you 're the captain of the ship and you do all the above , you 're asking to get shot and if you do , it wo n't be the coast guard 's fault . 
  criticize it all you want , the coast guard did what they 're supposed to do . 
  would you be happier if they let it sail all the way to piraeus and escort it to make sure no other ships will bother it in the way ? 
  perhaps a warm welcome from the athenian philharmonic orchestra with a `` welcome , enjoy our coasts '' sign ? 
   i 'm not anti-greek at all topkek, 
  the ceasefire has been signed then . 
  oh btw if you happen to find any wooden horses , just completely ignore them , they 're . . uh ... gifts . . #nothingtoseehere , #itsjustahorsebroforreal, 
  according to the article there were warning shots and then after the warning shots were ignored , there were actual shots . 
  well this one was way within in the territorial waters . 
  i mean beyond the `` disputed '' areas . 
  the captain was going all leeroy there . 
  if you find a greek ship that violates the borders and proceeds to ignore requests and warning shots , then yeah sure . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  that or in a broader sense the other way could be someone else doing it to turkey . 
  or clearly you did n't . 
  to be precise , the article does n't say anything about direct fire . 
  it translates to : '' act 's captain did not conform with the the coast guard vessel 's sound signals and requests , which led to warning shots being fired , but still the ship did not stop . 
  on the contrary , act kept sailing entering turkish waters while the coast guard ship stopped pursuing at the border . '', 
  nothing about direct shots , just about warning shots . 
  so either the announcement is n't clear , or the coast guard did n't mention shooting at the ship , or * tinfoil hats on * there were no direct shots and the turks planted a few before taking pictures :p either way if the ship did indeed ignore all warnings , the coast guard was n't wrong to open direct fire . 
  if anything we should have blown it up like the turks did with the russian jet . 
  it works both ways right ? 
  the coast guard did what it had to do after the ship completely ignored them . 
  lol the guy 's a troll . 
  do n't waste your time . 
  even if it carried hay , when you enter another country 's territorial borders and ignore every request and warning , you 're asking to get blown to smithereens . 
  the boat and the captain are lucky to be in one piece . 
  man you 're still going on about that . 
  have you considered changing your flair ?
