  i doubt your salary was lowered ( if you even have a job at that age ) . 
   you just hate nazis cause thats what youve been told in propaganda , something that little children believe lol ok now we actually know what you think about your friends the nazis . 
  ironic . 
  hitler himself seems to disagree with you  `` for the sake of historical truth i must verify that only the greeks , of all the adversaries who confronted us , fought with bold courage and highest disregard of death . '', 
  - hitler , speech in reichstag , 4 may 1941 get educated before spewing your bigotry . 
  greece got invaded by italy and it beat it . 
  it actually scored the first victory for the allies . 
  then it also got invaded by germany , italy and bulgaria and lost after 219 days . 
  much more than many other european countries . 
  this was never a contest about who fought the bravest anyway . 
  i do n't get the finns obsession with always talking about ww2 . 
  it 's probably cause it 's the only thing you 've ever achieved . 
   youre just salty cause your countrymen were bunch of cowards not able to defend homeland . 
  sorry if you got that impression but then again your comments show that you must not be above 16 years old so it 's understood . 
  i only said that in my opinion , hitler would have tried to invade finland as well . 
  but do n't let that stop you from showing why people see the finns as obnoxious dicks with views like that . 
  i do n't know . . why did he invade pretty much every other country in europe ? 
  yeah it 's not really a hard thing to do . 
  is the block still in effect btw ? 
  you actually think hitler would not invade you cause he admired your blonde hair ?? 
  for real ? 
  the russians had blonde hair too and look what happened . 
  jesus , how do people so ignorant reach your age ? 
  yup . . seems about right . 
  why triggered ? 
  it 's a very nice building , similar to the hagia sophia . 
  if anything we should be flattered they liked the church so much they `` copied '' ( i do n't mean it in a bad way ) the architecture . 
  i just hope the turkish government will respect hagia sophia 's tradition and cultural/religious significance and does n't turn into another mosque . 
  freedom for texas and california too !, 
  freedom for everyone !, 
  i know , same goes for other countries like hungary . 
  countries that do n't want to conform with the union 's lines and ideals should just consider leaving the union . 
  i agree with that . 
  i did n't mean that they should necessarily be deported although i 'm not sure how it 's going to play for them if they stay either cause they wo n't have citizenship . 
  in that sense maybe returning to turkey would be best for them i dont know . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's a good thing for people to be removed from their homes , but it was n't back then either and it happened . 
  a compromise somewhere in between would obviously be the best thing . 
  i hope the two sides can put aside influences from turkey and greece and work together for an actual solution regardless of what 's greece 's or turkey 's interests . 
  if 80 % of the poles indeed want to be in the eu , their minister should n't be making such statements . 
  does he represent the country or his own agenda ? 
  you do realise that the one is connected to the other in this case right ? 
  because it 's a person that should never have been a president in the first place . 
  if kanye west is elected , you ca n't expect him to magically become a fitting leader and a person to take responsibility for a country just because they elected him . 
  same with trump . 
  you ca n't fix incompetence with many votes . 
  you 're saying that as if ukraine is so much better and righteous . 
  not quite . 
  germany is not there to promote turkey 's interests but for nato business . 
  since nato works with the ypg , germany has no motive to share intel that would aid turkey in possibly targeting nato assets for its own agenda . 
  host country or not . 
  not exactly unless they decide to kick you out which would make sense . 
  imagine if everyone stayed in the union and decided what to follow and what to ignore , at will . 
  why would there be talks of a grexit for example if greece was n't complying ? 
  at the very least , if you refuse to do your part and help the other countries , you should not get money , right ? 
  just like greece would n't get money if there was n't an agreement . 
  you ca n't keep freeloading while not doing your part . 
  try to change it all you want but until then , either do your part and help the other countries or do n't receive help from others in the form of funding , right ? 
  yes , by not considering giving money to illegal settlers so they can leave to be a reasonable thing , i totally condone blood feuds . 
  please also read what i 'm responding to before you reply . 
  does that mean that there 's a plan for relocating them ? 
  would they leave their homes ? 
  it really is n't since greece is doing its part , keeping its share of refugees in . 
  so yeah what 's hungary 's excuse for taking the money ? 
   why would we leave the union ? 
  cause you disagree with it . 
   laws are not absolute , when they do not benefit you but benefit foreigners , change them . 
  or you could petition your government to leave the union since you do n't want to do your part . 
  until then do n't receive any funding either . 
  it would also be a basic human decency for the cypriots that lost their homes during the invasion , to get back to them . 
  unless of course that decency is only reserved for the settlers and the others get the `` oh well '' deluxe package . 
  somehow i doubt that if someone force entered your home , kicked you out , declared it his and demanded money in order to leave , you 'd agree that paying him is the reasonable thing to do cause now it 's his home . 
  they still are illegal settlers , especially since no one recognizes the northern pseudostate except for turkey . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you on whether they will/should be moved or not . 
  well legally and if you wish morally they should be , but i have no illusions , i stated that in my comment above too . 
  i 'm well aware of the difficulties in this . 
  just saying that with the `` what 's done is done '' mentality there 's no need for a compromise or an agreement in the first place . 
  unless turkey is willing to take steps back , there wo n't be a settlement and the people in the north will unfortunately keep enjoying their isolation . 
  btw the referendum was proposed and britain rejected it ( twice i think ? ) . 
  obviously neither them nor turkey would want the island being united with greece . 
  the walls were there the last time too . 
  thousands of them were `` trapped '' in here and they stayed ( and a lot still stay ) here . 
  please do n't comment when you have no knowledge of the subject . 
  it 's not losing territory if he never had that territory . 
  it 's abandoning trying to gain more . 
  you better start campaigning for that 60 % of christians living in bulgaria to leave the country too then . 
  if you read an old testament you 'll find some pretty fucked up stuff in there . 
  what ? 
  does the rule `` the book says that so you 're that '' only apply to muslims ? 
  there are hundreds of millions of muslims that actually do n't follow the quran by the letter just like there are hundreds of millions of christians that do n't take an eye for an eye or stone prostitues . 
  cut the crap and let yourself free , stop hiding behind bullshit excuses to justify your bigotry . 
   nothing is being `` undone '' . 
  the division of the island is being undone for starters . 
  no one said it would be the same but steps are being taken to re-unite the island . 
  no one said we 'd see it the way it was before but the whole `` the genie is out of the bottle now '' argument is silly . 
  we 're obviously trying to make things as close to how they were before as possible , otherwise this whole endeavor is pointless . 
   that workable solution , will likely not involve any movement of ethnic populations of any sort because of the whole `` ethnic cleansing '' thing that almost happened . 
  these two are entirely unrelated . 
  sending back illegal settlers has nothing to do with an ethnic cleansing that did n't even happen . 
   and while it 's true turkey could have not cause such a mess when it invaded . 
  greece could have not caused such a mess by destabilizing the government before the junta .
