  well the greeks called those places home like 600 years ago but greeks still lived there . 
  regardless , it 's irrelevant to you if greeks or armenians had any historic claims . 
  you lost and the winning side could divide the land as it pleased no ? 
  britain and france could give all the land to armenia if they wanted . 
  why would you protest ? 
  should the byzantines protest if the ottomans decide to give part of the land to the egyptians ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  so why do you think it 's unfair, 
  do you think the first treaty was unfair ? 
  totally flew over my head :( olympiacos btw !, 
  remember that if you agree with that : `` so what we conquered those places '' , then you also should agree with the treaty of sevres and the map as it 's shown in this threat . 
  so what if turkey would get conquered and erased as a country right ? 
  seriously ? 
  a leader is great to you if he takes more foreign ground ? 
  no wonder so many people criticize you guys . 
  alright lad ( d ) ies , it 's a feast !, 
  gather round !, 
  exactly , with kemal unwilling to go with the treaty and smyrna 's occupation , and the turkish forces harassing the greek positions , there was no other choice but to press on to ankara . 
  even if greece did n't want to press on ( which it did ) , it would have been necessary . 
  it was n't for revenge . 
  that 's kind of a trivial thing for a country . 
  mostly it was about liberating anatolia and the greek population that still lived there according to the megali idea . 
  also a push like that was strategically necessary ( although very risky ) if greece wanted to break kemal and his growing support and influence . 
  as long as they did n't have ankara , they 'd keep being pressed by the turkish army or irregulars . 
  at first the great powers used greece for the same reason , urging her to move inwards and break resistance so that the treaty would be enforced . 
  it was working well until things in greece changed and venizelos ( who was a friend of the entente ) lost the elections and the king ( who was pro-german ) took over . 
  the entente 's interests quickly started shifting towards turkey then . 
  on top of that , the king purged a huge part of the greek army 's command and veteran officers that were well trained but loyal to venizelos , and replaced them with incompetent and inexperienced officers . 
  to have that done while the army is deep in enemy territory surrounded by a numerically superior force with a very charismatic leader and growing support even from the allies 's side ( italy and the soviets were aiding kemal ) was suicide . 
  the line broke and the retreat began . 
  generally it was a good mix of nationalistic motives , overstretching and bad political decisions , combined with kemal 's charisma and the turkish army 's resilience . 
  syriza was elected mostly cause they promised to go after the corruption ( something that you could n't trust nea dimokratia to do since they were part of that machine ) and to stop up to the troika to try to end the austerity that was crippling greek economy even more . 
  we all know how that went from there . 
  personally i voted for them because i had a hope that they at least would go after the corrupt system , do something about tax evasion , the `` favors '' from the politicians and all that crap . 
  well i 'm disappointed . 
  belgian beer , the only beer !, 
  fine , czech too :p, 
  i do n't think so but then again these were dark times for the two countries so you never know . 
  there would have been some trouble and killings for sure but expelled and genocided ? 
  people there lived together for many years in peace . 
  most likely there would have been an exchange of population as it happened anyway, 
  ** buys you a beer ** there mate, 
  eh the way i see it there 's enough posts about the evil commies etc. 
  i could probably make a post about my grandma playing neighborhood watch and there 'll be a guy mentioning stalin . 
  so when there 's something negative about anyone else ( in this case ukraine ) there 's always some whataboutism like this popping up and it 's bad cause it 's ignoring the issue/problem at hand just to go back to bashing the commies . 
  we know the russians did some fucked up shit back then . 
  let 's just stay focused on the other side a bit too . 
  that might be the case but we 're talking about someone that actively collaborated with the nazis so . . 
  then you agree that mentioning the soviets is largely irrelevant in the first place . 
  a nazi is n't a nazi just for the russians . 
  he 's nazi generally . 
  it 's an ideology you know . 
  now a nazi collaborator can be a different thing but yeah , still a bad thing . 
  they also were a major reason why the nazis lost . 
  also - and a lot of people probably do n't want to hear or aknowledge this - france and britain also indirectly worked with hitler by allowing nazi germany to go from treaty of versailles germany to a militarized behemoth that took on the entire europe . 
  it 's not like they did n't know what was going on with hitler , they just had hopes that he 'd turn against russia instead which suited their interests . 
  it 's like facebook . 
  you 're the popular kid and you get likes . 
  countries lending us money does n't mean that we should be happy about our current situation mate . 
  / u/truespace did n't blame others for that . 
  you can be in a tough spot with someone helping you and still complain about getting in the tough spot in the first place . 
  although if you ask me the whole thing despite aiming to help greece , turned out to be even more disastrous by ruining the economy , reducing the income , leading a lot of people to lose jobs and small businesses to close and sending the national debt sky high . 
  and get pence instead ? 
  have you no mercy ? 
  apology accepted , my question was because you made it sound like the greeks specifically killed 2 million turks which would be a pretty huge genocide and frankly it 's bullshit . 
  yes there were atrocities by both sides . . it 's turkey and greece we 're talking about . 
  you ca n't really avoid that . 
  who says i ca n't stand to see turkish related stuff in here ? 
  did i mention anything of the sort ? 
  i simply asked you a question . 
  i did n't even mention a genocide . 
   and you try to lecture me when i have not rejected that we turks have problem with being unreasonably chauvinist ? 
  that 's quite ironic considering that i did n't reject anything either . 
  i clearly said that i 'm asking out of curiosity . 
  perhaps you do n't get what that means . 
  did you see me denying any atrocities anywhere in my post ? 
  i only asked about the number . 
  talking about that number though , if you read the link you posted a bit more carefully you 'll see that the 2 million muslim deaths that you mentioned happened in 3 wars : balkan wars , world war 1 and turkish independence war ( actually that 's 4 wars considering that there were 2 balkan wars ) and it includes both military and civilian casualties . 
  one could argue that if you did n't want to have high casualties perhaps your country should n't have declared war and joined the great war as an aggressor right ? 
  still , despite misinterpeting my comment as bashful , and posting something entirely inaccurate , you downvote my comment . 
  mkay . 
  happy b-day neighbors !, 
  you clearly said :  germany is a net contributor . 
  france will do just fine without the subsidies unlike poland . 
  which implies that since they 're net contributors and they 'll do fine without the subsidies no one should care upon upholding the law just like with other `` 50 years behind '' countries . 
  e-mail your government and ask them to leave the union mate . 
  do n't stick around with us peasants , we might drag you back in time with us , 
  i just read about it now and i 'm pissed off . 
  but maybe we 're not allowed to be pissed off cause `` we 're greece '' . 
  came here knowing i 'd find this comment . 
  i lost my shit with `` be carefool - movies - '' :') '' \u0395\u03a1\u0393\u0391 '' ( erga ) in greek is a word used both for `` works/repairs '' ( used commonly for roads ) and movies . 
  exactly . 
  rather than have a criminal re-enter sociaty pretty much the same as they walked in the prison , it 's far more useful to try to rehabilitate them . 
  they 're already doing their sentence with their lack of freedom etc. 
  you may as well make sure that they 'll be more useful to society when they get out of prison , than they were when they got in . 
  having gained some education or certain skills will probably give them more of an incentive to lead a normal and honest `` legit '' life afterwards too . 
  basically it 's the more sensual , less objectifying for women kind of sex . 
  not the hard pounding and chocking stuff , more fondles , more foreplay i guess , stuff like that . 
  in greece we have abandoned all hopes of that ever happening . 
  every time they tried to pass such laws they were never enforced and everyone laughed at the idea .
