  not sure how effective that would be . 
  violation of sovereignty from random unknown civilians is very different from violation of sovereignty by official authorities or bodies ( navy etc ) of other sovereign countries . 
  when the first happens ( which is quite often ) it 's a standard procedure of arrest , detention , perhaps asylum , deportation etc. 
  when a country does it , it 's way different and more serious . 
  not to mention that a government has much more responsibility than a random nobody that could jump the border . 
  that was my point . 
  some nobody can jump the border and you 'll just arrest him . 
  if another country send its navy to your coast uninvited it could trigger a war . 
  so no , you ca n't just go and send them back where they came from as simply as it 's often mentioned by armchair warriors that have a simple solution to everything . 
  do n't you grasp the difference between random refugees/immigrants crossing the border and actual coast guard/navy ships of one country entering another ? 
  in greece 's case they do come from turkey but in that case there is also a deal between turkey and the eu which allows us to send them back to turkey because turkey accepts them back . 
  that 's the good case . 
  in italy 's case ( which at the moment is the major problem ) , they come from libya and to my knowledge they do n't accept them back . 
  also no , we do n't need permission to not let them cross the sea border but you ca n't stop them either because the sea is vast and you usually do n't see them before they enter , and even if you do see them before they enter , you ca n't push them back while they 're drowning . 
  you have to collect them so basically you bring them in , since you ca n't enter the other country 's sea borders ( again , talking about a case like italy-libya where there 's no deal to send them back ) . 
   but if illegal immigrants come here without our permission , it 's not an invasion ? 
  why ? 
  no , in one case it 's random people crossing the border ( refugees etc ) , and the other case is your official coast guard violating the borders and landing on the other country 's coast . 
  they 're very different cases . 
  if 100 random people cross the border in evros they 're simply illegal immigrants . 
  if 100 turkish soldiers and trucks cross the borders it 's way more serious . 
   they will return to turkey . 
  or they will drown . 
  you ca n't `` push them back '' while they 're in the water and let them drown hoping that they might return to turkey swimming . 
  that 's stupid lol . 
  you are required to collect them . 
   well , then we 'll keep them in camps until they get bored and leave on their own . 
  well that 's what we 're doing already . 
  we keep them in set locations until asylum applications get processed etc. 
  even though i know that not all of these people are war refugees and some are simply immigrants , keep in mind that a lot of them are actually refugees so your mentality of `` let 's do anything we can to keep them out or send them away '' is wrong . 
  the ones that are actually refugees should be helped and accommodated , at least a number of them depending on what we can handle . 
   we wo n't violate anything . 
  we simply wo n't let illegal immigrants violate our waters . 
  the same thing happens on land borders , too . 
  if you try to walk into bulgaria without papers , wo n't they stop you ? 
  and if you walk 10 metres in , wo n't they send you back ? 
  how will you not violate anything ? 
  tell me how it will work step by step . 
  if libya does n't accept them back , it wo n't give you permission to send them back , in other words it wo n't give you permission to enter its waters and ship immigrants back , so in effect if you do that , you will be violating their territory . 
  how else will you do it ? 
  if you know a way that i do n't , i 'm legit interested to learn about it . 
  in land borders there 's a fence and you can stop someone from entering . 
  if they do enter and you catch them , you arrest them and you need the other country 's permission to hand them back . 
  you do n't just cross the border on your own and drop them off . 
  they can shoot you for that . 
  in water borders that 's even harder cause it 's a vast sea and once you find them you have to collect them and take them in unless the other country accepts to take them back . 
  if they do n't accept , you ca n't send them back without . . well . . invading them i guess . 
  i do n't know if there is another way to do it . 
  so can you tell me in detail how you 'll send them back if they do n't want them back ? 
   if they stop them at the border , they have every right to push them back into our waters . 
  how do you push people back in the water ? 
  you just them back behind the water border and let them there in the sea to drown ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
   as for those who have already arrived here , we can find their country of citizenship and send them there by plane . 
  you can if they have papers . 
  if they do n't ( which is usually the case ) they wo n't accept them so you ca n't send them back by plane . 
  you do n't seem to understand how the whole `` send them back '' thing works . 
  in situations where a deal like the one we now have with turkey ** does n't ** exist , you ca n't just take your coastguard boats , violate the other country 's waters , land on their coast on your own and drop off 5000 unknown people . 
  imagine a reverse situation where smugglers take people from greece to turkey and then the turkish navy just comes in greek waters , lands in chios and drops off 5000 immigrants/refugees . 
  that shit could even start a war . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  if the country from which they came from ( let 's say libya ) refuses to take them back , you just ca n't invade them and `` send them back where they came from '' . 
  so exactly how do you propose that `` we could also send them to the country they are originally from '' will work ? 
  it works now with turkey because there 's a deal with them . 
  the same is not happening with other countries like libya as far as i know . 
  greece 's economy can handle the whole euro thing with the right adjustments and measures , and no , these do n't have to be something like a 300 euro minimum wage , just sort its bureaucratic shit out , the tax evasion from the major companies cause that 's where the big black holes really are and reasonable terms ( in repayment length ) for debt repayment . 
  when a country is unable to pay the debt , imposing austerity measures that cripples its market further wo n't help , it will only ensure that no one will be able to pay anything . 
  look at what happened to germany after the war . 
  the country was ruined and had no chance of ever repaying the loans it took . 
  more than half the debt was erased outright and the other half was postponed for many years while a shitload of development and investment money was put into the country and that 's how it worked . 
  can you imagine what would have happened to the country if everyone was like `` sell everything you have left and pay up ! '' ? 
  it would have not been the same at all . 
  we do n't have to go through what you did in your czechoslovakia days . 
  stop being a bigot . 
  greece fucked up and it 's already paying for it bu further measures like this will only make sure that greece will never be able to recover . 
  is your own parliament comprised of several fully experienced parties , or are there 1-2 major ones and a few others that you would n't say are experienced , if they have ever been elected ? 
  i mean i do n't know about the swedish parliament either but i think that in most countries that 's how it is . 
  there are 1-2-3 major parties that might rotate and the others are smaller parties that do n't really have experience . 
  the us have only 2 parties that dominate since they first got a constitution . 
  greece has had 2 parties dominating the past . . what ? 
  50 years ? 
  all that in a system of nepotism too . 
  no matter how good or bad the other smaller parties are , they 're bound to be inexperienced . 
  if anything it was a good sign that the greek people managed to say `` that 's enough '' and bring the dominating party ( pasok ) down to almost 3 % . 
  i never thought i 'd live to see that . 
  so yeah if you do n't like an inexperienced party would you rather us go back to the experienced parties that got us into this mess in the first place . 
  there was no other option , not because all the other parties were crappy but because all other parties were bound to be inexperienced . 
  that ca n't be helped . 
  you 're right that it 's more expensive but it 's not that much more expensive and with some quick search it looks like f-35 is more costly in secondary things like flight cost per hour etc. 
  i did n't look extensively so i could be missing other things but all in all the difference does n't seem to be that big . 
  not sure about the ranking that you mention either but it 's one of the few options we 'd have . 
  the gripen has been rejected as not suitable for greece 's needs . 
  the rafale could be another choice but i do n't know much about it . 
  we ca n't realistically buy russian jets while in nato . 
  not sure if there are other options out there . 
   not let them enter the country . 
  we have to when their boats are sinking . 
   we should return them to the country from which they entered and close the borders . 
  yes , let 's invade turkey or libya and disembark some thousand refugees there . 
  what could go wrong with forcefully going to other countries right ?
