  greece is `` helped all the time '' exactly because the situation was poorly managed from the beginning by both sides . 
  now greece is doing what is being asked of her , and she still needs more help apparently , so obviously , something in the way germany ( or more precisely schauble ) is doing is pretty wrong . 
  also there was no 50 % debt cut . 
  there were discussions about it . 
  and there are discussions about a debt relief now too , after greece has fulfilled its terms but the german minister of finance is delaying and causing all sorts of trouble in discussions . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  you call me butthurt but you 're the one unable to accept that there was a bad handling of the situation on germany 's behalf as well when even german politicians admit it . 
  you fail even at being a troll man . 
  it 's sad really, 
  if it 's not an army and they 're not a threat to anyone then there 's no real reason for them to be there right ? 
  if anything it 's a good waste of resources . 
  unless of course they are indeed an army with . . you know . . rifles , tanks etc. 
   helping a constantly broke person again would just be throwing good money after bad . 
  what you 're saying is retarded and it basically means that europe is not helping and does n't want to help greece . 
  in fact it would mean that germany and the other countries are trying to deceive greece , since germany is actually making a profit out of the whole thing . 
  so you might want to reconsider , rephrase or sort your thoughts out cause if what you 're saying is actually true , then yours is a truly fucked up country . 
  besides following your stupid mentality , germany had been a huge pain in the ass too , ( i mean . . two world wars man . . ) so helping it would also be illogical . 
  why would you help the country that keeps slaughtering people right ? 
  wrong . 
  assuming that the helping countries actually want to help the other country , this is the right path to take . 
  you give a helping hand , you do n't kick them in the teeth . 
  this is what they did with germany and it prospered . 
  the same could be done with greece combined with reformations that would improve its system . 
  austerity right now would be for greece the same as if the allies had demanded from the broke germans to pay what they owed . 
  you 'd have a very different germany today . 
  are you brain dead or something ? 
  read the comment again . 
  we have accepted every demand so far . 
  that 's the point . 
  schauble still finds problems and even german politicians say he 's the trouble , not the greek government which - again - accepted the terms . 
  and yes , there are many choices . 
  if you think that we fucked up over the years and we do n't have many choices , simply consider how big germany fucked up during the war and how worse its shape was after all the money it had to borrow to rebuild itself . 
  still , the allies saw that germany would never be able to replay its debt so they ( greece included ) agreed to erase more than 50 % of it . 
  that 's just one example of a different choice in a problem . 
  even the imf keeps saying that there should be debt reliefs and now other european politicians say the same and blame schauble for keep delaying the processes even though greece once again accepted the demands . 
  read what i typed again please . 
  the entire comment . 
  and yet you 're the one leaving butthurt comments here mate . 
  also , exactly what do you mean by `` our '' faked statistics ? 
  are these greek statistics and i was n't informed ? 
  it always make chuckle seeing you scandinavians bicker among yourselves . 
  in the south we see you guys up north as being best buds having your own league and all and when i see you poking each other ( or usually mostly poking sweden i guess ) it 's just amusing  i do n't mean this in a bad way btw . 
  in both your comments you seem to have a beef against greece buddy . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  someone stole your wife when you were having vacations in santorini ? 
  share with the group . 
  how is that the greeks ' fault if a european organization does n't include your country in its graphs ? 
  please know what you 're talking about . 
  no greek is blaming the germans for the situation that was initially created by their own politicians . 
  the greeks blame first and foremost their crappy governments , the bribes and shady deals they made etc. 
  however , the greeks do have complains about how the thing was managed by certain german politicians like schauble . 
  at first everyone was saying that greece does n't want to pay the money back while greece was saying that the debt is n't viable and schauble with his obsessions was adamant that greece should be trampled to the ground as if that would somehow fix the markets . 
  yes , some important reforms were made but a lot of the austerity measures taken only made the situation worse . 
  now the market is ruined , there are less jobs , less wages , less pensions , people ca n't buy which causes a lot of businesses to close , companies wo n't invest in greece and on top of that the debt is even greater . 
  the thing is , even after greece recently signed for more measures that were asked in order to proceed with the evaluation , schauble keeps not being satisfied , he 's blocking everything and is the reason why there 's no agreement in the eurogroup . 
  greece keeps doing everyhing that 's asked of it and still schauble refuses to agree in a debt relief despite the imf clearly saying that it ca n't proceed without a relief cause the debt is not viable . 
  politicians from europe even asked him to resign cause he seems to be a constant problem in every discussion with his obsessions . 
  so yes , the greeks have a good reason to blame germany on how it 's managing things , letting an obsessive minister block every progress despite their efforts and sacrifices . 
  i guess greece should sign an agreement for bringing back slave labor and hope that the german minister will be pleased . 
  anti-german rhetoric ? 
  the entire north was pissing on the south . 
  they even came up with a name for the countries with financial problems . . `` p.i.g.s '' . 
  i 'm sure that the initials ' order is a coincidence . . 
  yeah , that 's really not the reason the economy is affected negatively , trust me . 
  yes but we 're not talking about efficiency in this case . 
  he talked about years worked , so time worked , not quality of work . 
  he 's telling you that if you work 5 years more but you put in less hours each day , it might actually be less hours in the end sum even though you worked 5 years more . 
  if someone in greece stayed for overtime only 2h and went home , the boss would probably call them and tell them to get back to work and not to do this again = /, 
  i 've heard stories of japanese employees not taking days off even when they have earned them cause they would be considered lazy . 
  like . . if they had 20 days off and they decided to take 2 weeks off to go on a vacation , when they returned they 'd find that someone else has taken their spot in the company . 
  i think it 's probably grossly exagerrated but if it 's not , that 's some bullshit right there . 
  that 's true , it 's the same thing with greece too . 
  northern countries are more efficient compared to the south even if they put in less hours because their system allows them to work without many obstructions . 
  things are in order , every employee has a specific task and it works well . 
  over here i used to work for a company selling computer parts and electronic equipment and even though i worked at the sales department i often had to do some tech support , some service , some overtime that rarely got compensated and some procedures that should have been simple were designed in such a way that made them unecessarily complicated and more time consuming . 
  all this is pretty bad for productivity even though i worked my ass off . 
  also low wages for so many hours of work are not exactly a motivating factor . 
  next time you 're around if you 're in athens hit me up . 
  i 'll buy you a beer . 
  more if i can afford it :p . #nohomo , #nocreepy, 
  is n't that the spanish ? 
  dude 20 mins for pizza is a good delivery time . 
  i. . . i still do n't get it . . = /, 
  aaaaahhhh a german that skipped work for beer !, 
  what 's happening to this world ?!?!, 
  ** runs in circles in panic ** then again , beer is a pretty damn good reason to not work . 
  these are different things . 
  he did n't say they 're efficient , he said hard working . 
  if someone tells us both to bring down a building and i 'm equipped with a hammer while you 're equipped with c4 charges , you 're going to be way more efficient than me , but i 'll have put a lot harder work than you . 
  that does n't mean that i 'm better since efficiency will be more important for that task , but the fact remains that of the two of us i 'd be the most hard-working person . 
  if the two countries had the same system with the hours that they currently put in , greece would probably be more productive and efficient than even germany . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  haha that sounds so greek i chuckled . 
  sorry bout that mate :'), 
  generally the way the system is , do n't expect to find productivity and efficiency in greece . 
  people here are often bitter of other europeans giving us the lazy tax evader tag cause a lot of them are eager and hard working people but the way the entire system is , be it bureaucracy , company strcuture or `` simple '' procedures , is so not efficient so even if they do put in a lot of hours having good intentions , there 's just so many obstacles and in the end productivity sinks . 
  i should also note that on the other hand there 's also a lot of people that are slackers and not motivated at all , they find a job in the public sector and get paid for - as the saying over here goes - scratching their balls . 
  still i would n't say that as a people we 're slackers . 
  i have a job that allows me to work standard hours so i 'm not going to brag about working 12 hours or w/e , but i happen to know a lot of people that do . 
  my best friend 's gf goes to work at 7am and returns home at 11 pm and gets paid 900 euros / month .
