  we 're going to sink ^ do n't ^ give ^ me ^ the ^ `` you 're ^ already ^ sinking ^ bro '' ^ funny ^ comment , ^ we ^ know . . ^ we ^ know . . 
  you might be trolling here but i doubt it so . . ok that 's a lot of bullshit in one comment . 
  that takes skill . 
  a ) we 're not claiming to be better than them , i do n't know where you got that from . 
  we 're just making some things clear . 
  i remind you that their former president was promoting the idea that they 're descendants of alexander the great . 
  that 's basically identity theft . 
  b ) what subsidies are we getting because of ancient macedonia exactly ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  c ) while the ancient kingdom no longer exists as a kingdom , the greek people ( including the macedonians ) have constantly lived in that area since 2000 years ago as so it 's not like we 're reviving some long dead thing . 
  also do n't forget that the wider area got it 's name from that ancient civilization that `` randomly lived at that place '' ( whatever that means . . ) , not the other way around . 
  that 's what we get for naming an entire region after an ancient civilization . 
  it makes things complicated . 
  and so it begins, 
  it does n't matter , no one asked for these troops , not the turkish-cypriots , not the greek-cypriots , not greece . 
  just turkey . 
  why would that even be brought on the table ? 
  because it suited a certain someone 's interests . 
  the troops over there would only give turkey one more leverage to have its way during the talks . 
  it was a completely uncalled and needless call . 
  if you actually think that the greek cypriots would pick entrance in the eu with the trnc ostracized over a unified cyprus and a fair solution , you have no idea what you 're talking about and i ca n't help you . 
  i wonder if you 've ever been to cyprus to see how people feel about not having almost half their damn country and you think they willingly gave that away over something as trivial as spite towards the northern pseudostate ? 
  their stance came exactly because they saw what the eu and the un were trying to do and it was n't in their benefit at all , while on the contrary it seemed to be tailored just to fit turkish demands while turkey and greece were n't even supposed to be part of the deal initially ( although turkey demanded and got exactly that ) . 
  price 's comment described exactly what was going on . 
  if you think that the eu cared about the country not being divided more than turkey 's accession , you 're living in a dream world . 
  i wish that was so but the final stages of annan 's plan proved the exact opposite . 
  not that i know of . 
  greeks and cypriots still feel like brothers and in our eyes they 're greek but they 've taken their own way as a country and they 're doing well . 
  there might be some people that would still want it but i do n't think there 's any movement asking for it . 
  how do i get triggered exactly ? 
  you 're basically correcting him while obviously understanding what he wanted to say ( for those who want/ask for it , instead of `` need '' it ) which is needless so i thought you meant something else . 
  despite that i did n't get triggered . 
  calm your titties bro . 
  there is a shitload of things that we do n't need but make our lives better or more comfortable . 
  for religious people , a mosque or a church does that . 
  it makes them feel closer to their god . 
  i do n't agree with their view but that does n't change the fact that that 's their view . 
  and i repeat , as long as you have freedom of religion in your constitution and you go in the trouble of building a mind boggling amount of churches , you ca n't come up with an argument like `` but you do n't really need a mosque '' when talks about building one mosque in athens begin . 
  it 's just cheap . 
  either we go with that and demolish all the churches cause we do n't really need a church either , or we build the mosque . 
  there 's no reason for an argument like `` you do n't need a mosque '' in this topic , unless we change the discussion to something like `` do we want to have religious buildings in general ? '', 
   first of all learn to talk in a civilized manner and since you do n't know me i would appreciate it if you did n't speak for me . . i never said that all monks are saints , i do n't like to generalize . 
  that 's gold coming from someone that begins his comment with `` riiiiiight ... `` rumors '' . 
  look , obviously you are an atheist ... '' . 
  what did you think that only you can assume and generalize like that but when i do the same to you , you 're insulted ? 
  you should work on that . 
   excuse me that i am a sheep and find it hard to believe that 2-3 of these monks are coming `` per week '' to order `` 70 '' led tv 's , ps4 's , hi-fi systems '' ... because as we all know every cell in mt athos has a `` hi-fi system '' and every monk owns his personal ps4 's . . give me a break . 
  it 's your problem if you do n't want to believe that . 
  denial helps , i get it . 
  i have no reason to lie about it . 
  i was just as surprised to see that when it was happening where i was working and that 's why i 'm mentioning it in here . 
  i 'm sorry if it ruins your worldview . 
   `` stop being such a sheep . '', 
  learn some manners . 
  again , for the person that just said `` from that sentence alone i can understand what kind of person you are '' you seem to find it very difficult to accept criticism . 
  my first comment had nothing rude in it until you came in with you `` hah !, 
  i bet you 're an atheist '' attitude . 
  sorry but you do n't quite qualify for a well-mannered reply there . 
  the thing here is simple . 
  i 've seen and heard things that make me be very skeptical about these people living there . 
  you choose to disregard them and call me a liar or someone with an agenda cause of . . my atheism i guess ? 
  that 's your right . 
  you do n't have to agree with me or respect my opinion , and i do n't have to prove anything to someone like you . 
  agree to disagree and move on . 
  if you 're talking about the annan plan , the negotiations were a farce to begin with . 
  the plan was flawed to oblivion and obviously hastened in order to proceed with the talks about turkey 's accession to the eu . 
  there were many deviations from human right and international law standards and all of the demands of the turkish side were met even some that were added in the last moment . 
  to quote christopher price :  in their final stages a last minute tranche of extra demands were made by the turkish military -- which the turkish cypriots had not asked for and did not want . 
  urged on by the eu and the us , annan accepted them all -- including the proposal that turkish troops remain in the island in perpetuity . 
  this concession was calculated to smooth the path of turkey towards eu membership ( the deadline for negotiation on which has been set for the end of 2004 ) and to demonise the greek cypriots as scapegoats if a political solution did not materialise . 
  in the short term this part of the plot has worked . 
  the turkish cypriot `` yes '' and the greek cypriot `` no '' in the subsequent referenda generated carefully choreographed accusations against the greek cypriots of `` democratic irresponsibility '' , not wanting the island 's reunification and jeopardising turkey 's eu membership . 
  of course he urged the people not to vote for that . 
  why would the cypriots sacrifice their future on the altar of the eu 's haste to bring turkey in ? 
  they were after a fair solution not a farce . 
  sorry but if you 're mentioning that as an argument for not having a mosque then no one needs schools either . 
  or insurance . 
  or computers . 
  or electricity . 
  let 's go back to a hunter-gatherer society . 
  what does my disbelief in a higher being have to do with what i stated ? 
  i had the same view during my christian days too . 
  this is n't a debate about god , this is a discussion about what 's going on in monasteries . 
  i did n't accuse someone of being a murderer but i bet that there are many criminals hiding there . 
  if you want to turn a blind eye on these reports ( some of which also come from monks in mt athos ) , be my guest . 
  i know full well what religions do to people and you 're a typical example . 
  you ca n't tell the difference between the church as a mortal construct and your belief in something greater so you automatically attack anything that threatens your bubble . 
  god forbids that there are monks that are n't saints and are n't doing god 's work !, 
  impossible , no such thing . 
  nothing new there . 
  and no priests are not above the law but it 's a lot harder to get to them when they 're hiding as monks in a self governing mini-state . 
   there are a lot of people , greeks and foreigners , that are visiting athos and some of them are staying there for days or even weeks.so if you want to lie about something at least make it sound believable ... another example of what i said earlier . 
  you 're try to justify the ridiculous amount of money spent there in silly stuff like what i mentioned , by saying that it could be tourist . 
  if i tourist decided to visit mt athos he would n't spend 3500 euros on a 70 '' tv for a week , nor would be buy a ps4 . 
  he 'd bring his own . 
  not to mention that he would n't make the purchase under the name of a monk and with the fiscal data of the monastery , and if he did , the monastery is allowed him to do so in order to avoid paying vat and it 's illegal . 
  stop being such a sheep . 
  on the other hand 80 % of the island wanted to be united with greece . 
  no one says that only one side was shitty but between the atrocities ( that were also committed by both sides cause there was n't only eoka , there was also tmt and let 's not forget that the british had a huge involvement with both ) and the invasion and occupation of 40 % of a country for almost 40 years , there 's a huge gap . 
   in case you have n't noticed the orthodox priests and the monks of athos are not murderers ... actually we do n't know that .
