  but he 's talking about the turkish positions . 
  greece is the one that suggests that both armies leave the island . 
  turkey is the one that 's not accepting it and wants the turkish army to stay . 
   none , no significant population of turks actually claims the dodecanese . 
  this is greek fear jerking of a pretty poor turkish position to begin with . 
  the turkish position is stupid enough to begin with no need to lie about it . 
  it stops being greek fear jerking when the leader of the opposition in turkey , the man that recently rounded up more than 2 million people in a square , openly talks about `` turkish islands under occupation '' . 
  when the man that just might be the next president believes that those islands are actually turkish , there 's a problem . 
   we both know the real reason behind the water claims . 
  dat oil . 
  what oil ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  no they 're not . 
  most if not all shops in tourist areas are indeed open from 09:00 to 21:00 and the large stores/companies are also open in that scedule every day except for saturday . 
  other smaller businesses close during the noon on certain days because they 're dead hours . 
  your criticism is noted but it means nothing when you know jackshit about the matter at hand . 
  excuses to cover up what exactly ? 
  since you seem to know the reality why wo n't you share it with us ? 
  and no , giving someone a loan does n't mean you get to dictate their working hours . 
  if greece decides that the shops will be open the other 6 days but closed on sundays that 's greece 's decision regardless of the money you loaned . 
  if you think that just cause you gave someone a loan , you own him and you get to make decisions for him , you 're not only entirely deluded but your whole way of thinking is dangerous . 
  it 's both . 
  when one problem is not solved , the other is also a problem . 
  if the first is solved and the law is obeyed , i think a lot of people wo n't have a problem working on sundays . 
  there will be the more `` traditional '' types that will still see it as wrong cause sunday is for resting and enjoying time with your family etc but i do n't know how popular that notion is . 
  probably not very popular . 
  in effect it 's as you said it and the problem is not adhering to the law but to the employer it 's working one extra day that he used to so he 's objecting to that . 
  not sure if that makes sense . 
  of course its an extreme and i did n't justify what those wankers did . 
  beating people up obviously is n't a solution or in any way sanctioned . 
  normal working hours are also in effect even without working on sundays . 
  if the government could ensure that the people working on sundays would get their day off in the week-days then a lot of people would agree with it but that 's not the current situation with many businesses over here sadly . 
  a lot of greek users in here see working on sundays as working extra without getting paid extra because of the above . 
  do you blame them for complaining ? 
  this is just one more step towards what you said is the other extreme . 
  most people would n't mind working on sundays if the government could protect their working rights and ensure that they 'll get their owed day off in the week-days . 
  this is not happening though . 
  working on sunday is commonly an extra day , you do n't get paid extra for it and the argument is that `` these are tough times and you can quit if you want cause i 'll find someone else '' . 
   it 's either adapt the economy to the modern era , or further stagnate . 
  let 's go back to 16 hours a day , 7 days a week jobs people . 
  we got to be competitive . 
  also no breaks , no lunch and no utilities ( ca n't pay for that shit ) . 
  * keep up with the modern era scrub !, 
  i was n't being a loser about it . 
  if it was some other flair would you have made the same comment or is it cause its a greek one that makes you believe i 'm somehow hurt over it ? 
  on one hand you 're saying that the empire was a ghost of its former glory , on the other emhyr said there was glory to be gained . 
  these two are conflicting . 
  i merely said that it was n't so glorious because of that . 
  if you want to be an ass and translate that as me ( or rather my entire country according to your comment ) being stinky losers about it , i guess i can do the same and translate all your anti-byzantine comments in this thread in the same way as bias . 
  it 'd be stupid though . 
  take a chill pill . 
  paok fans are many and dumb like orcs  * waits for the trigger *, 
  no kidding , at this point i 'm positive that erdogan is reading orwell, 
  lol i 'd be like `` wtf , how did i call the president 's number ? '', 
  the city at the time of the siege had more priests than it had soldiers . 
  we 're talking about 10k byzantines fighting at least 80k ottomans with navy , cannons etc and they held out for 2 months . 
  if anything it 's embarrassing , not glorious lol, 
  huh . . 
  interesting . 
  i always thought theodoric came from theodore/theodoros which is greek and has a completely different meaning ( theos + doro = god + gift = gift of god ) because they seem so similar . 
  i looked it up and it 's indeed germanic , meaning what you said . 
  til, 
  to be honest by the 1400 's the empire had already long shifted more towards a greek empire than a roman one . 
  the trait of the byzantine empire is that it had a dual character . 
  at first mostly roman and then mainly greek as it started hellenising . 
  so in a way your classmates would n't have been entirely wrong . 
  in papers it was still the eastern roman empire but even int he west it was considered an empire of greeks . 
  dude the byzantines held the city with 10k people against a much larger force for 2 months . 
  if the whole italy sent support they 'd be having drinks on the walls until today . 
  it 'd be funnier if it was in the old german empire colors . 
  i know how words are but on a political and international level , words have weight . 
  what you mentioned is not the same case because erdogan also apologized and both countries worked towards improving the relations . 
  before that there was even a threat of war . 
  that 's what happened to the prime minister 's words . 
  greece is still working with turkey despite what kilicdaroglu said , it 's not like we 're going to go to war over that , but we 're just saying that some turks ( including politicians ) want these islands and we know that kilicdaroglu considers the islands to be under greek occupation . 
  that does n't change unless he comes out and renounces his statement . 
  the genoese , venetians and other states would have sent help , not because they would want to help of course but because that would have been the deal with the pope if the eastern bishops had relented and accepted the pope 's dominance . 
  none of these states would have endagered their security against their neighbors because it would have been the pope 's decree . 
  much like during the crusades significant forces were sent to jerusalem despite the infights between the european states . 
  i 'm aware that they did n't feel so strongly for constantinople back then but in the end history proved that their unwillingness to help the byzantine empire caused more problems against the ottomans in the long run . 
  that 's why the west is being `` criticized '' today for not aiding . 
  had they stopped the ottomans there , there may not have been a need for two vienna sieges , the siege of malta etc. 
  oh you 're talking about 300 years earlier . 
  yeah , sure that played a part ^ ^ / s. 
  i guess the fact that the latins of constantinople had basically just waged a war against the city only 10 years before the pogroms is insignificant . 
  neither side was a saint . 
   also , beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  at that point the pope has been holding all the right cards , of course he would not make any concessions . 
  no but that does n't erase the fact that the west denied help to the east because they did n't succumb to the pope 's blackmail . 
  that was the guy 's initial point . 
  `` political talk '' stops being just political talk when it includes disputing the sovereignty of another country . 
  if russia says `` we 'll declare war on ukraine '' , you ca n't dismiss that as political talk to put pressure on the opposition . 
  i bet someone could have said the same when hitler started talking about lebensraum and the superiority of the german race etc to gather nationalists around him and look what happened in the end . 
  you do n't start talking about islands that should be yours if you do n't actually believe it . 
  a politician should be careful of his words especially regarding things like that . 
  if he says that these islands belong to turkey , it means that that 's what his opinion is . 
  i 'm fully aware that he was doing it to press erdogan but still , it makes no difference to the country whose sovereignty he 's disputing because regardless the reasons , he just officially disputed the sovereignty of these islands . 
  if trump says something like `` cuba is ours , it 's right next to florida '' , you might not take it seriously , but the fact is that it 's a very dangerous statement , and the cubans will treat it as such and with good reason . 
  there were many other latin states that could have sent significant help but did n't because of the schism . 
  the pope basically blackmailed the byzantines into accepting the superiority and dominance of catholicism and the pope and unite the two churches under catholicism again , in order to send help .
