  it does n't matter how rightful it would have been if you had done the right thing , when you actually went the other way and occupied half the country . 
  turkey would have intervened rightfully if it had remained an intgervention . 
  but it did n't . 
  in the end the turks killed way more civilians that the greeks had , they also killed and expelled the greeks out of the northern part which is also the definition of a genocide ( since you want to take the word literally ) and they are illegally occupying . 
  so once again , you 're trying way too hard here mate . 
  greece has accepted its part in the situation . 
  turkey not only is n't doing the same , but it does n't even want to end the occupation despite knowing full well that there 's no chance of anything like this happening again . 
   the `` occupation '' is to guarantee that something like that does n't happen again . 
  this is pure bullshit to justify the occupation and you and i both knows it well . 
  you should be embarrassed for hiding your real thoughts . 
   maybe not every christmas , but the joint fucking statement is as good of a time as ever to acknowledge what happened . 
  would that be unilateral or just greece talking about the incident and the turkish side would be `` proud of its heroic soldiers that died saving cyprus '' disregarding their own massacres and illegal occupation ? 
  just curious how it would play out in your mind . 
  have a poll and look what they say . 
  or better yet try it and see what happens . 
  really ? 
  is turkey or the usa or france or w/e having speeches about every atrocity of the past in the respective date that it happened to memorialize it ? 
  ask the greek government about the incident and you 'll see them acknowledging it . 
  ask the turkish government about the illegal occupation or their own genocides and see the difference . 
  you do realize that like other people are saying in here , this justifies an intervention , not the occupation of half the island and transferring settlers from mainland turkey right ? 
  both sides were wrong , the difference is that in the end turkey 's actions both killed more people and is illegally occupying the country until today . 
  what are you even trying to justify in here ? 
  you can ask your government if it wants our side to withdraw unilaterally . 
  we have no problems with it . . we 're already suggesting that both sides withdraw . 
  but something tells me that you would n't want to be alone with the turkish army on the island so you 're welcome neighbor . 
  you do n't know what the tmt was , do you ? 
   the greeks also need to confront their role in the tragedy . 
  they have . . they 're the ones that are proposing that the armies leave the island . 
  turkey is the one refusing to withdraw and let the island get reunited in a way that will allow it to be a sovereign country , not under turkish influence . 
  lol not even the turkish-cypriots themselves would support you in that . 
  let alone the rest of the world . 
  there is no reason for neither army 's existence in the island . 
  the island should be reunified as a sovereign nation , not as a puppet of both countries . 
  you 're not solving the problem . 
  your country just refuses to lose control of another country it 's illegally occupying, 
  with what terms ? 
  having the turkish army present on the island ? 
  how is that a sovereign reunified island ? 
  also what enosis government ? 
  enosis as an idea has long been abandoned . 
  the republic of cyprus is a sovereign independent country ( at least to greece is it . . turkey does n't even recognize it ) and there are no plans for an enosis . 
  how does greece have any kind of interests from a crippled cyprus ? 
  it 's turkey that knows that it will lose control of the part of the island that it occupies if it withdraws . 
  completely agree , 
  initially the turkish `` intervention '' was justified according to the terms of the treaty of guarantee , considering that greece was under a junta regime and tried to force the enosis , and also considering the shit that was going on in the island . 
  we would have done the same if the roles were reversed . 
  however , turkey quickly showed that it was not interested in intervening but in actually occupying , when it ignored the ceasefire and went from controlling 3 % of the island to controlling almost 40 % of it and bringing in settlers to live there which is a clear violation of the geneva convention and clearly shows the country 's motives . 
  sadly the cypriot people from both sides suffered and got caught in the interests of both countries and the island is split in two ever since . 
  also sadly , turkey refuses to let go of its grip of the island and let it be reunited as one country with its own interests and its own future . 
  i 'm all for that . 
  drinking and driving is n't something to be taken lightly . 
  over here we have way too many deaths from car accidents ( not all cause of alcohol but it 's a good percentage ) . 
  it 's very irresponsible and you not only endanger yourself but others too . 
  if you want to get pissed , get used to taking a cab . 
  of course if we stop a politician under the influence , absolutely nothing will happen and if the officer happens to be in a law abiding mood , he 'll probably get suspended or fired or w/e . 
  sovereign nations that willingly got in a union with certain rules and policies . 
  a sovereign nation is free to go to an all out disctatorship if it wants , just not in this union . 
  it makes sense , no ? 
  this is not a `` do whatever you like , we do n't give a shit '' kind of union . 
  yeah it 's hard to describe . 
  it 's a combo of usually blonde eyes with fairer hair ( blonde ) and kind of a more . . square face ? 
  i ca n't place it . 
  it 's kind of like i can usually distinguish between a japanese and a korean but i ca n't describe exactly what characteristic makes the difference . 
  like keldore said you just kind of know it when you see it . 
  interesting , i did n't know that . 
  but yeah it 's so impressive . 
  at first i was sure it was the parliament or something . 
  i had never seen it before in pictures or w/e and i thought it was so weird that it 's not more famous . 
  i 'm considering re-installing it too :p, 
  if you get a guide you can skip the line and get in from the side as a group . 
  even if you have n't booked a ticket in advance there are guides that you can find outside of the vatican and you can `` hire '' them on the spot and save yourself hours of waiting in line . 
  you pay a bit more i think but it 's totally worth it plus you can learn a lot of interesting stuff from the guide . 
  you absolutely have to visit the vatican if you visit rome though . 
  `` humourless blondies ! '', 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it was awesome !, 
  * shakes fists menacily *, 
  `` battlemaster tank reporting '' `` where is the battle ? '', 
  i do n't get it . 
  why are you attacking me ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not a religious person at all but seeing that and generally the pantheon 's atmosphere kind of touched me like that . 
  you feel this sense of spirituality and serenity . 
  it 's majestic . 
  yeah but he said `` went up in rankings '' , not in score . 
  some actually went down in rankings , aka fell from place 4 to 5 for example right ? 
  perhaps he meant to talk about the score . 
  eh i can see germany , italy , poland , hungary , spain , finland , the uk and portugal with arrows pointing down so it looks like quite a few went down . 
  true , not to degrade the coliseum or anything , it 's a wonderful monument , but personally i was more fascinated by the pantheon and i found the monument of victor emmanuel to be stunning . 
  i could n't get over how big and magnificent it looked . 
  am i the only one that finds it funny that nato holds exercises outside of russia 's borders that clearly have russia as the enemy ( which is understood ) and then when russia does the same , nato says `` we 're a little bit worried about the size of the exercise . . show us what you 're doing ! '' ? 
  i mean ... you kind of lose the right to ask them to help you feel better when you obviously see them as the enemy and you 're open about it . 
  i 'm not saying the nato should n't be seeing russia as the enemy or something . . just that since it does , it 's funny to ask them to be more transparent about their exercises . 
  what are you on about ? 
  on one hand you 're saying that serbia wo n't attack nato and then you 're saying that it 's the only country in the balkans that shows aggression to its neighbors . 
  who are they going to attack ? 
  what aggression do they show and towards whom ? 
  agreed . 
  i 'm not sure if that would be effective for the population problem since i see that as something more cultural . 
  a lot of the people in these countries would still choose to have lots of children the way i see it .
