  `` germany . 
  bad . 
  stop . '', 
  `` murica . 
  good . 
  eagles . 
  stuff . '', 
  probably the sculptor 's dinner . 
  this does n't look bad actually . 
  it goes with the country 's flag color too . 
  or maybe it 's just the turks :p, 
  i do n't disagree . 
  the government should be enforcing it and they pretty much do n't . 
  however if you have the opportunity to `` steal '' from the government and you grab it , do n't be surprised if you get stuck with the tag . 
  it is the government 's fault for not enforcing it but it does n't erase the fact that it happened by a lot of people that found the chance to make money at the expense of the entire country and they went on with it . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  why do n't we have these ? 
  it 's a generalization for sure but the guys that were petitioning for ( and receiving ) disability allowances while being totally healthy and the farmers that spent their subsidy money on porsche instead of their fields and businesses , were pretty normal citizens . 
  again , yes it 's not everyone . 
  you , me and a lot of other honest people did n't do that but sadly it is an existing phenomenon that has to be dealt with . 
  and that 's how stereotypes are born . 
  french taunting !, 
  i think we got to the point where he needs to die . 
  he knows too much . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  obviously not everyone did it but there was a lot of money that was given for development and was thrown away like that . 
  and it 's not the only example , you live here , you know what 's going on with the shitload of fake allowances etc. 
  well in some cases there was . 
  but it 's partly cause people were n't aware of the actual economic situation and the bubble waiting to burst . 
  in other cases . . porche cayenne . . 
  marco polo, 
  it works both ways . 
  bild is one of the reasons why there was so much toxicity from the greek side towards the germans as well . 
  some articles/titles are straight out ridiculous and provocative . 
  mexico : `` day 32 . 
  the euromorons still do n't suspect a thing . 
  they probably think i 'm italy '', 
  you 've been drinking some weird ass wines man, 
  huh weird . 
  i swear no matter how much wine i drink , it does nothing to me . 
  if i mix it with anything else though , i can wake up in a trash can . 
  beer on the other hand can get me drunk after a few glasses depending on the beer . 
  heineken is like water ( crappy beer too ) . 
  rochefort can have me reeling after 2 glasses . 
  [ i understood that reference ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/xs5lk ), 
  sanctions ? 
  wait . . mexico ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  there just was n't enough wololo man, 
  lay off the statue dudes !, 
  the first greek space agency 's space station probably . 
  you do realize that the usa has attacked countries as well so the same could be said by russia too right ? 
  of course that was ok cause these were the bad guys . 
   you seem to be forgetting that constantinople was the capital of an empire , yes , but of an empire that was n't at all what it used to be . 
  how do i seem to forget that ? 
  i 've literally stated twice that yes , it was a shadow of itself but still it was the center of the empire and the area at the time . 
  are you even reading the comments ? 
  it still was the node of trade in the eastern part of the mediterranean and a cultural and political center of the area . 
  you gave nothing that supports your claim or that shows that other cities were more important and who they were . 
  i ca n't explain why other cities were n't as important as the empire 's capital . 
  that 's like asking me why grenoble is n't as important as paris . 
  give me something that states that constantinople had been overthrown by others cities as the cultural , political or economic center at the time and i 'll learn something instead . 
  cause personally , i ca n't find anything that supports your claim . 
  habit . 
   i 'm pretty sure whichever anatolian or greek city the ottomans had as their capital was already more important economically , politically and socially than constantinople . 
  to put it very simply and shortly , you 're wrong , especially on the political and social part . 
  you could say the same about every city in the world . 
  `` you could just go around it '' . 
  yet that 's not how wars work . 
  i 'm not saying that the city was n't a shadow of what it once was . 
  i 'm simply saying that it still was the most important city of the area by far . 
  if it was n't we would n't be talking about the fall of constantinople but the fall of thessaloniki or nicaea . 
  why would he not fight ? 
  by fighting he could have kept the city without either the turban or the mitre . 
  so it makes sense that he fought . 
  he did n't say that he 'd love to see the turban in the city . 
  he said that he 'd prefer it from the mitre . 
  and since the latins did n't come after all , he might as well fight . 
  `` alright you cunts , who forgot to lock the gate ? '', 
  * markos domianos looks away whistling indifferently * `` really markos ? 
  really ?!?!!? '', 
  it 's said that there were more priests/clerics than there were soldiers in the city . 
  same story till today with greece . 
  more churches than schools or pretty much anything else . 
  god damn !, 
  where do i report cheating and griefing ? 
  ... and that 's why i called you clueless, 
  well actually . . before the fall of the city the tensions between the east and the west were rather great mostly due to the two christian dogmas , catholicism and orthodoxy . 
  the situation became worse because the east was hard pressed by the ottomans and desired to gain help from the west but in order for that to happen , the schism between the two churches would have to be bridged . 
  the catholic church seeing the opportunity , basically demanded that the orthodox church submitted entirely to the catholic church and the pope and adopt their doctrines . 
  this was rejected by the east ( the people mostly ) and brought such mistrust and anger to the east that the grand duke lukas notaras is said to have stated `` i would rather see a turkish turban in the midst of the city ( constantinople ) than the latin mitre '' . 
  so yeah . . 
  i knew it would be that song before i even clicked lol . 
  would n't that mean exactly that we can sue for copyright ? 
  well one could argue that it was so effective indirectly , that it 's almost as if they directly played a huge role in the fall of the city . 
  the damage done was huge for the empire . 
  i do n't understand why these guys are complaining though . 
  the west did sack constantinople before the ottomans did . 
  they literally did the same , except it was n't a permanent conquest . 
  you are completely clueless by saying that .
