  but that does n't erase the fact that britain 's action was a backstabbing and wrong . 
  a country should be free to take whatever course its people choose . 
  britain does n't get to decide whether greece will be communist or not with napalm bombs . 
  the greek people had that right and the british forcefully intervened and forced their own regime even siding with the tagmatasfalites ( nazi collaboatorts ) . 
  can you imagine what would happen if every superpower invaded others and forced whatever regime they think will be best for that country ? 
  imagine a leftist party gaining ground in say france , and the usa bombing them and reinstalling the right wing to `` prevent the threat of commies '' . 
  regardless of what you think about communism in general , what britain did to greece after the war was objectively wrong . 
  they had no right to decide what regime greece would choose . 
  lol this is just getting farcical . 
  more like backstabbed the same fighters that helped them in the fight against the nazis . 
  communists or not , the eam was an ally of the british and after the war greece was n't going to be under the ussr 's influence anyway . 
  the british worked with the ex nazi collaborators against the very guerrillas that fought on their side . 
  eam even let the british freely walk into athens ( much to even churchill 's disbelief ) and the british instead tried to forcefully take control away from the communists , even though the majority back then backed eam . 
  it 's a tragic story and many people do n't know about it but turn a blind eye to what britain did simply because the other side was communist , in a `` the ends justify the means '' kind of way . 
  maybe it was better in the end , maybe it would have been different in a better way had the british not gotten involved since greece would n't be stalinist . 
  maybe not , no one can tell for sure . 
  but the objective truth is that the british intervened to stop the communists from forming a government even though there was no dictatorship , no forceful takeover or a coup by their side . 
  the people simply supported eam after the war . 
  even right winged people were in their ranks . 
  for the record , can you claim any protocols or complaints from the forementioned countries in which they do n't agree or do n't recognize greece 's eez zone ? 
  cause as far as i know , if they do n't have any complains or arguments , it works just as well as them agreeing . 
  so to put it the other way around , is there anyone else disagreeing other than turkey ? 
  holy shit that brought back memories . 
  i had to read it 3 times too . 
  i thought it wanted to say `` sunlight '' , although technically it would still be accurate lol . 
  that could be true , i do n't know about the geological aspect of it . 
  i know that during the 1987 crisis in the aegean between turkey and greece some oil had been found in thassos so there could be more . 
  there have been some statements saying that the area is a `` gold mine '' but i think they 're far-fetched and could be for propaganda . 
  after the 1987 aegean crisis which nearly brought the two countries at war ( surprise surprise ) , both sides have been reluctant to perform more research in the area of the aegean as to not stirr new shit up . 
  more about the crisis here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1987_aegean_crisis so yeah i do n't know . 
  i 've heard both that there 's nothing in the aegean worth looking for and that it could have vast reserves . 
  not sure what to believe . 
  i think there 's some more merit in the rumours about oil in the south of crete . 
  again , i never said that it trumps that right . 
  i said that when you invite other countries to set up bases next to a certain country 's border , it affects them . 
  eh that 's debatable . 
  i 've read several times that there are supposed to be some reserves under the aegean and even that some companies are interested in researching but i do n't know how serious that is . 
  there are some fields south of crete however, 
  if you read my comment carefully you 'll see that i never stated that they do n't have the right to do that . 
  i said that it 's expected that the country on the other side of the border will be concerned . 
  cuba can indeed invite russia for joined drills but we all know that the usa would n't share your opinion on the matter if that happened . 
  honestly it usually is the concern of a certain country when another country is performing military exercises with other countries next to its borders especially when these countries are considered `` hostile '' . 
  not saying that you deserved to be banned of course , just saying that if/when russia is performing offensive drills right out of the finnish border , you should be concerned as well . 
  if cuba invited russia to perform drills right south of florida , the usa would have a fit . 
  remember the cuban missile crisis ? 
  it was cuba 's right to invite the russians to send missiles and look what happened . 
  `` it 's my borders i can do what i want '' applies but it does n't mean that your neighbor should n't be concerned . 
  it works for both sides btw , i 'm not defending russia here . 
  i could see the authorities allowing it on the grounds of it being a commemoration event , but on the first insinuation of political context ( which will surely come ) , 30 armed austrians come and bag erdogan and his entourage and ship them out of the borders . 
  that 'd be a sight . 
  looks like someone spilled oil . 
  god save us if the americans see that . 
  in balkan europe , gyros removes you !, 
  i do n't know much about the talks leading to nord stream but i kind of doubt that germany had the chance to include other countries in the deal and it did n't go with it . 
  if the deal from russia 's side was to do with directly with germany skipping other countries then i do n't know how wrong that is from germany 's part . 
  generally there are several examples of disagreement between member countries but it 's one thing when country x disagrees with country y 's position on one matter , and it 's another when country x says `` why should we care about country y 's problems '' . 
  that 's just wrong in a union . 
  what about nord stream ? 
  dude this is not an advertisement subreddit . 
  following the same mentality , why would other countries care about estonia 's or poland 's issues with russia ? 
  why would the south for example be concerned ? 
  it does n't affect them . 
  is this how it really is though ? 
  cause that 's not a union . 
  they make it because they rescue them, 
  that place laganas is a famous tourist destination and it 's also famous for many tourists ( usually british ) getting shitfaced and causing all sorts of trouble , with the authorities often being unable to cope . 
  not sure if he started it or not but it 's sad that it has come to this :(, 
  the byzantine empire was both roman and greek . 
  it was basically roman up to a point . 
  after that it was more greek than roman in pretty much everything . 
  language , population , kings , you name it . 
  the people did n't even consider themselves to be roman , the majority were greeks . 
  the byzantine empire is an interesting example of an empire with a dual character , kind of like the western part was part roman part germanic but not exactly like that . 
  that 's not a tiara , that 's minas tirith on a crown version . 
  unfortunately that happens when cities expand too much and you know . . modern architecture gets in the way . 
  it must have been an amazing city back then ( not that it 's not pretty today ) . 
  great location too . 
  caligula probably wins that one by a landslide, 
  servidor !, 
  just have to add the eyepatch, 
  age of empires 2 campaign !, 
  no i agree . 
  everyone else i can think of just falls short in comparison . 
  newton was way ahead of his time , he did some amazing breakthroughs in a shitload of fields . 
  he single-handedly reshaped physics for us . 
  a truly brilliant mind . 
  imagine the world if we had a newton for every generation . . at least all the above when talking about the relatively modern times . 
  there could be some great candidates of the ancient world as well . 
   oh boy . . man , i am sorry but i really can not write down the strategic importance of the island in the eastern mediterranean . 
  even if you did it would n't make sense unless it was under greek control , which is not the case here . 
  it would be a sovereign country . 
  of course you do n't like that so you start with your eu bullshit . 
   unification with the equal terms is something i agree as well . 
  but not under the supervision of your overlords from brussels . 
  of course you 'd like to oversee the whole thing yourselves with terms such as the troops remaining , and illegal settlers being used as a backdoor for turkey in the eu . 
  sorry , no . 
   in cyprus case , what benefits greece and eu is that turkey to pull out completely , and the island to become a fully eu governed space over and over again you keep saying that same thing with no support whatsoever . 
  the island would be self-governed just like other countries in the eu are and if it did n't like the eu it could always follow its own path . 
  countries are free to both enter and leave the eu in case you have n't noticed recently . 
  i understand that 's a strange concept to a country that had to invade and illegally occupy another country but yeah . . that 's how it works over here .
