  this guy 's making it sound as if he had no idea that the eu could pass something that would be required of poland to follow . 
  also do n't tell me you 're so naive as to think that greece effectively fooled all of the eu and they had no idea about the actual state of greece 's economy . 
  the economy crumbled indeed but greece is actually living up to its obligations by passing the austerity measures and regulations and repaying the doses to the point that it has to loan more in order to function . 
  i 'm not blaming poland for fucking up , i 'm blaming them for refusing to conform while still being in the union and receiving the funds . 
  the dublin regulation would n't work cause the number of refugees/immigrants in this crisis is too great for something like that to work effectively , and they would be typically returned to the member countries that they first entered , which are italy and greece . 
  in other words , like i said before , italy and greece would sink in refugees . 
  bypassing the dublin regulation is n't treason , it 's help towards two country/members . 
  nah it 's ok we have debts so we should repay you guys by sharing this treasure . 
  anyway , jokes apart , that 's how the union works . 
  some rules and decisions are binding for members . 
  anyone that does n't agree to that and is fine with harvesting the benefits but does n't want to chip in on the burdens should consider leaving . 
  sure , but do your part and take the syrian ones . 
  are you ok with that ? 
  if not , then leave the union . 
  you ca n't choose to only take the funding but choose not to take what you do n't like . 
  it does n't quite work like that . 
  do elaborate . 
  then again everyone should share them , 
  we do n't need just economic health . 
  what should we do with the money that we 'd receive if we 're to end up the concentration camps of europe ? 
  other countries can handle taking a certain amount without dire consequences . 
  there are countries like hungary that refuse to take any . 
  if the situation was reversed and they happened to be in the aegean , they 'd be complaining that europe is abandoning them if all other countries were like `` not my problem . . i 'm not taking any refugees '' . 
   sink the boats fun thing is that you find this acceptable and you 're the kind of guy that complains about bad muslims/immigrants that rape and do n't respect human rights and kill people etc. 
  it 's embarrassing that you even have the flair that you do . 
  actually that is what a religion is , as opposed to a belief . 
  a religion is an organized structure that goes beyond just believing and dictates how you should also live . 
  you can find the same crap in the bible if you look for them . 
  anyway , having muslim people there wo n't turn your country in a muslim country any more than britain having indians did n't change it to a budhist country . 
  unless of course you 're enjoying tinfoil hats . 
  you specifically said that islam means conquer and i 'm just letting you know that conquests existed throughout christian europe since time immemorial . 
  other countries like france , spain , greece etc have experience with islamic countries just like they have with christian countries . 
  france was fighting with other christian powers for more than it was fighting the moors . 
  your way of thinking perfectly explains why you though that the eu was just a trade partnership . 
  you have no clue how any of this works apparently . 
  i disagree but still there 's also italy . 
  they do n't cross to italy through turkey, 
  you specifically talked about religion did n't you ? 
  where do we sign for the slavic confederation ? 
  they still would cause it would be better than the alternatives . 
  where would they go instead ? 
  you basically completely ignored my point and simply said `` yeah but people will forget about us cause elections '' . 
  yes but they 're christians and so are you . 
  since your argument is so strictly religious-oriented should n't it mean that you should n't have joined the union comprised of those warlike christians ( which the swedes are ) ? 
  are we talking about refugees and immigrants here or religions ? 
  because if everyone can say `` i 'm not taking them '' , then italy and greece will get flooded for being at the coasts . 
  so the union decided that all country members should help with that weight . 
  that means southern , western and northern europe , not just eastern . 
  then you do n't know what you joined . 
  were you not aware that the eu has a parliament , the commission and such bodies ? 
  you thought it was simply a trade partnership ? 
  who the hell did you have in charge ? 
  here to remind you that other countries that also receive less money than you do , or even give funds , are accepting immigrants/refugees . 
  if everyone was to refuse it , greece and italy would stick with all the refugees simply because they 're at the coasts . 
  3rd best :p, 
  we 're trapped here with all the weird slavs . 
  please send help !, 
  good job guys !, 
  `` also please arrest germany , they 're behaving nazi-like '', 
  no , it was n't practically a referendum on enosis . 
  a referendum on enosis would be a referendum , asking precisely about enosis . 
  elections are more multidimensional . 
  if i was a cypriot that wanted enosis and i thought that i 'd have better chances in the long run going with makarios ( even though he thought that at the time this was unachievable ) than going with evdokas that was straight out pushing for enosis but with a whole other issues and risks that would follow , i 'd vote for makrios as well . 
  this would by no means be translated as me not wanting enosis . 
  it was not a referendum . 
  if it was , the numbers would have been very different . 
  if you 're saying that 3 % voting for evdokas in the elections which are not a referendum , is a number far more representative than the unofficial petition of 1950 which again was not an official referendum , you definitely do n't know what you 're talking about , regardless of where you 're from . 
   that 's the problem with motherlands you see . 
  any decision we made and any opinion we have is `` stupid '' and `` we do n't know what we are talking about '' . 
  turkey says to tcs that they are `` spoiled brats '' , you called makarios illiterate for denouncing the attempt to take over roc by military force ... you can see why we have short temper after almost a century of being pushed around by motherlands . 
  no , do n't go far . 
  i 'm simply stating that he does n't know the definition of the word invasion , even after he lost 40 % of the country due to an actual invasion . 
  feel free to have that opinion about the mainlanders though , we 're just some silly oppressive kalamarades after all right ? 
   you love acting as if we 're oppressing you even though we continually support you all this time after the invasion and the fall of both juntas but you also conveniently like to have our army around as long as the turks do too . 
  since you do n't want the greek troops over there , why do n't you suggest that they 're pulled out as the situation is ? 
  we are also glad we are willing to . 
  however i do n't see roc demanding that greece withdraws its troops before turkey does . 
  do urge your government to do that and see how eager they are to have only turkish troops on the island without the greek troops there . 
  we 've been through that before . 
  you 're mentioning the percentage of a candidate that was an ultranationalist . 
  this does n't mean that enosis was desired by a 3 % . 
  that 's like saying that just because the greek communist party wants free public education and it gets an approximate 6 % in the elections , only 6 % of the greeks desire free public education . 
  stop confusing different things . 
  the majority of the greek cypriots did desire a union . 
  how possible that was is a different matter . 
   the legitimate president of roc in 1974 called it a greek invasion . 
  and the turkish side called the invasion an intervention . 
  greece was meddling with cyprus affairs but your president calling it a greek invasion means that he was probably illiterate . 
   it 's not stupid not to want the meddling of people whose grasp of cypriot political history does n't extend beyond playing strategy videogames , and who feel they are protecting christendom from the muslim invaders by fighting in the trenches of youtube comments and reddit . 
  tone the righteousness down a bit , we 're not trying to save you , we 're sharing opinions and this also affects our country as well , not just yours . 
  we have our own troops over there and not cause we want to annex or unite with you , it 's so that you wo n't lose the rest of your shit . 
  you can have whatever view on the matter you like , but stop acting like you 're the only entitled one to a mature opinion on the matter and the rest of us are keyboard warriors simply playing proxy wars on your expense . 
  it can easily turn to our expense too . 
  enosis was a goal way before the junta . 
  it was literally what the majority of the island wanted . 
  see the difference ? 
  in one case the island would have joined greece which is something that close to 80 % of the people wanted , and in the other it was forcefully occupied by a country that represented a mere 20 % of the island . 
  on top of that , the said country occupied a disproportionte 40 % of the island , and illegally brought in settlers from mainland turkey . 
  as you can see , while both actions were wrong , one weights much heavier than the other . 
   when we say genocide we are talking about everything the compilation of all massacres and expulsions .
