  no one gives a shit . 
  if i 'm not mistaken we 're the # 1 country when it comes to smokers in europe sadly , and no restaurant/bar/cafe wants to lose customers like that . 
  since the authorities are not serious about enforcing it , any shop that tries to ban it will just lose customers that will go to another shop that allows it knowing they can get away with it . 
  i agree and it 's the same over here in greece too . 
  some feel that this war was `` right '' cause it had the motive of recapturing old lands and liberating greek populations . 
  some joke about how we managed to lose that war thanks to the king basically and arguably thanks to kemal 's charisma . 
  others see it as a nationalistic war driven by the megali idea that pushed beyond the area that was granted to greece after the war . 
  by all accounts it was a tragic war that was a catastrophe for greece and it saved turkey . 
  greece was used to enforced a treaty that the great powers were n't really interested in enforcing in the first place and then it was abandoned by its allies in a shift of interests . 
  innocent civilians died by both armies , generally a big mess . 
  i also agree that the war is romanticized more than it should by the turkish side . 
  i always found it funny how they thought it was so unfair that they were going to lose their country after a lost war ( in which they were aggressors ) . 
  i mean it 's exactly the same thing that the ottoman empire had done to other empires/countries . 
  you lose the war and get occupied/enslaved right ? 
  greece did n't exist as a country for 400 years . 
  why is it so unfair that the same should happen to turkey ? 
  disclaimer : i 'm not saying that it should happen . 
  it 's always bad when a country is enslaved and occupied . 
  just that the notion that this would be unfair seems weird to me . 
  fortunately turkey has a lot of secular people that are closer to european ideals ( if you agree that these are good ofc ) . 
  if the country could detach itself from the whole nationalistic sentiment a bit it would be great for them . 
  as it is now , i feel like nationalism can be used to effectively sway even secular turks against europe , just by saying `` those outsiders are the enemy that want to destroy the turkish nation like after the great war '' or something . 
  well they do come from a people that were notorious raiders and plunderers . 
  also they drank a lot i guess . 
  that thing happened with turkey in the nato as well . 
  they had to pay turkey to stop sending refugees over . 
  the refugees thing does n't have to do with turkey being in the nato . 
  they 're not keeping them because they 're a member of the alliance . 
  every time for these past years ? 
  kinda hard for that to happen . 
  even if that 's the case you ca n't blame europe for turkey 's corruption . 
  i do n't disagree with most of these . 
  i did n't know about the last one , that sounds weird . 
  perhaps i worded it wrong but i did n't mean that the opposition agreed with him , they just jumped on the `` those outsiders '' bandwagon as you mentioned it . 
  obviously they 're also trying to stick it to erdogan while doing so but to the turkish people the enemy is europe when that happens . 
  then how come the greek fighters can avoid all that turkish shoreline which is less than 10 km from the islands ? 
  shit i need to have my eyes checked . 
  gibraltar too . 
  ~ ~ oh and nikaea ( nice ) ~ ~, 
  and all turkey had to do was simply not vote for him . 
  but they did . 
  so they put him on power . 
  it 's very simple really . 
  not banning someone does n't put him in power . 
  votes do . 
  i 'm pretty sure that turkey put erdogan in power . 
  unless turkey is a puppet of a state that does n't even have power over it 's own elections and presidents . 
  europe supporting one candidate is very different from europe putting him in power so spare us the bullshit . 
  turkey is responsible for its president 's and government 's actions and this is exactly why these actions are taking place . 
  europe is n't forcing turkey into anything . 
  well you do n't get to decide that so ignoring your valued but still needless opinion on the matter , there is no obligation that is n't being met and these countries have a say in what 's happening . 
  no it 's not . 
  like they 've told you before , there are no current obligations that are not being met . 
  besides , even if we did it like that and countries that `` do n't meet their targets '' could n't `` weaken a common body '' although you still have n't explained how that is weakening the body , if the uk , greece , estonia and poland are also part of these countries that want the summit to be relocated then nothing changes . 
  these countries hit their goals so you 're basically all out of arguments either way . 
  while having an aggressor and unstable ally is ? 
  especially one threatening other allies ? 
  stop using that bullshit excuse . 
  that 's like slapping someone 3 times , and when he finally hits you back , you 're like `` now look what you did . 
  i 'm leaving and it 's your fault !! '' . 
  we 're not accelerating the turn away from nato . 
  turkey is . 
  if it keeps pulling shit , there will be moves like this in return so yes , turkey will have accelerated its departure . 
   his core folk will buy it but that 's like 25 % max no . 
  nothing unites a country more than an outside enemy to point a finger at . 
  look at what happened at the `` nazi dutch '' occasion . 
  even the opposing parties joined him and were talking against europe . 
  it would be but greece ca n't afford to lower the military budget , mostly cause of turkey being next door . 
  the international law is pretty clear so technically it does violate greek airspace , regardless of turkey 's opinion on the matter . 
  turkey could be denying that they do nothing wrong by flying over athens but turkey 's opinion on the matter would be irrelevant . 
  thanks ^ for ^ your ^ input, 
  it 's not merit when you do n't know when to do it . 
  it 's a liability . 
  when they supported erdogan he was nothing like he is now . 
  he was pro-europe , not pushing an islamic reformation and not going all kim . 
  erdogan 's stance changed and so did europe 's behavior . 
  and no , europe or nato are not trying hard to push turkey into or out of anything . 
  turkey makes decisions as a sovereign state and the other countries respond accordingly . 
  it 's turkey that started going all nuts . 
  nato did n't just wake up one day and decided to pick on turkey . 
  and if they get out of nato , it wo n't be nato 's fault . 
   it is the lynchpin of the anti russia strategy . 
  which matters little if we replace one russia with another . 
  you 've said the same thing like 4 times and it was just as stupid every time . 
  we 're not kicking turkey out , we 're making it clear that it 's behaving like an idiot . 
  if turkey does leave cause of that , oh well . 
  but we wo n't suck up to turkey 's bullshit because of the alternative . 
  yes i remember that time when france and britain allowed hitler to build a huge ass army despite the treaty of versailles , in hopes that he would turn against russia . 
  then surprise surprise , germany signs the molotov-ribbentrop pact with stalin and attacks france and britain instead . 
  we had to lose austria , czechoslovakia and poland until the allies realized that something 's really off . 
  the strategy of ignoring all warning signs and instead trying to appease the lunatic works wonders right ? 
  actually the two countries did improve their relations and approached each other quite fast after erdogan apologised . 
  now their relations are probably better than before russian jet incident . 
  but i 've already explained that in another comment because it might sound differently than i meant it . 
  obviously i 'm not saying that turkey should be hostile to russia or go to war . 
  greece is close to russia as well . 
  i just mentioned it like that because these guys are basically saying that turkey will turn to russia after such moves from nato , because they have good relations . 
  nothing more . 
  also , as far as i know , i 'm not a government , a political organization or anything like so i do n't have an agenta . 
  just stating my opinion .
