  if you do n't believe / u/berzelus you might be more eager to take it from me , i live here . 
  you ca n't reason with a move like that mate . 
  of course it solves nothing or benefits no one . 
  i mean it was an attack against a temporary and very short lived pm that 's already past news . 
  it 's totally useless , much like bombing 8-15 year olds in a concert and celebrating about your blow `` against the crusaders '' is , but you ca n't argue with brain dead people . 
  i have some faith that a lot of the comments in there are sarcastic without the / s but still fuck that sebreddit man . 
  i hear you , his attitude was pretty annoying indeed . 
  there was a lot of cringe while hearing him lol, 
  they agreed of course . 
  i did n't claim that one side is claiming that this is unfair . 
  i only said that in their defence , they at least got the popular vote which in my book says something . 
   moving away from the electoral college system would make it pointless for the other states to remain in the union . 
  they 'd just be ignored by every candidate in favour of stacking up the vote count in each 's heavily populated safe states/cities . 
  i never understood that . 
  without the electoral college , one candidate could ignore a lot of the states like you say and stack up votes in the major ones but these are still not guaranteed votes . 
  do you think that if trump focused on california , 80 % of cali would vote for him ? 
  he 'd might get a lot of votes from these states and possibly lose all the other states which also make a lot of votes combined , and he could lose votes from the main steates anyway since some of them are traditionally republican or democrat . 
  in the end , it 's not about states but about the majority of the people for me . 
  in greece almost 50 % of the population lives in athens too but we do n't have an electoral college . 
  people from athens vote for different parties even though they mostly focus on athens , and people from other cities vote in the same way and in the end the party that has scored the most votes overally wins , regardless of where he got them from . 
  large population disparities exist in pretty much every advanced country , i do n't see why the usa should be an exception for that reason . 
  probably the same ones that paid for bosnia to become a country again after the war and are still paying for it so that it will perhaps join the eu . 
  agreed but schauble and the german side is kind of more . . influential ? 
  plus i 've read of instances where the other entities agreed but the only objection came from schauble . 
  a lot of politicians are displeased with him and idk . . he just strikes me as obsessive to an unprofessional level . 
  i liked varoufakis at first cause he gave the impression of someone that actually knows a few things on the subject ( something i ca n't claim about a lot of our other politicians ) but it became obvious fast that the guy had given up on the eu and was determined to keep a colision course . 
  basically the same deal that germany had after the war and the loans it had to take and transformed it from a country in ruins to an economic and industrial powerhorse . 
  delay the repayments for a few years , and proceed with structural reforms that will make tax collection ( the main issue atm ) more effective , instead of lowering wages and pensions of 500 euros even more . 
  how would this ever work with even more austerity ( at least on the middle/lower classes ) ? 
  how will the market heal when no one can buy anything and businesses close ? 
  maybe a debt relief would be necessary after so many loans but it would n't have been necessary if these had been decided in the beginning , instead of claiming that the debt is sustainable and going down a loop that ruins the economy and increases the debt making it even more unsustainable . 
  yes . 
  the difference is that the greek government got rid of it 's own stubbord idiot that was bringing agreements to a halt . 
  germany does n't seem eager to do the same with its part . 
  in no point of my comment did i insinuate that others are responsible for the crisis in greece , did i ? 
  of course you 'd draw that conclusion out of thin air . 
  obviously the previous governments fucked up big time and they 're responsible for the crisis but that does n't end there . 
  btw , do n't give me the `` you lied about your economic status and fooled the eu '' bullshit . 
  who does the eu have in charge of evaluating countries ? 
  of course they knew what was going on with greece from the beginning . 
  they just had no reason to stop it . 
  back to our point , i was talking about how the whole crisis thing is being handled after greece 's fuck up and crisis . 
  first of all , greece was n't the one that said `` pay us or we crash the eu . '', 
  greece was the one threatened with an exit . 
  there 's a difference . 
  still , greece has voted everything that was asked of it so far has it not ? 
  my question is , what 's the point ? 
  everyone can see that the debt is not sustainable but germany ( more precicely schauble ) keeps insisting on more reformation which result in more debts wich combined in turn result to greece being in a worse shape , people having even lower wages and more inability to pay so the market is frozen , more businesses close and on top of that , the debt is even bigger cause we take loans for older debts . 
  this is a black hole . 
  i 'm not blaming others for our situation to begin with but i am saying that the way this is being handled the situation for us is actually getting worse , not better . 
  if the other countries feel like they should n't help greece , then simpy do n't do it to begin with , instead of putting greece through a loop that 's not actually fixing anything . 
  on the other hand , if the eu thinks that it should help greece , this is not the way to do it . 
  when you want to help a guy that 's on the ground you help him up , you do n't kick him in the stomach . 
  when germany was in ruins the wzy to help it was to postpone its debt repayments by a lot and more than 50 % of it had to be erased entirely . 
  if the loaners were like `` take more loans and pay up what you owe now , i do n't care how you do it '' , germany would be in an entirely different state right now . 
  again , i 'm not demanding more money or blaming others for our initial shit but there have been mistakes in the way this was handled and the greek people are paying ( more ) for it now . 
  this is exactly why the greek people are upset with the whole situation . 
  we know we fucked up big time but everyone can see the whole thing is not sustainable and they demand that we vote for more austerity measures which only make the market worse and debt greater . 
  certainly some reformations like the increase of the retirement age were needed but like you said we keep being asked to take bigger loans and fire more people or lower wages even more for what exactly ? 
  not to mention that schauble is still not satisfied . 
  perhaps we should sell the country or become a protectorate . 
  it feels more and more like a punishment than a helping hand . 
  in other words greece is being played in a game of internal political affairs of each country . 
  `` yes we 're your european partners but we ca n't back you up cause we want to win our elections , so sorry . 
  ... but #europeansolidarity and all  '' also people lent a shitload of money in a country that plunged europe in war and slaughter and completely bankrupted and ruined itself in the process . 
  a lot of money were put in rebuilding the country and then more than half of the total debt was erased . 
  guess the country . 
  now greece fucks up big time in its economy ( although not a world war scale ) and your response is `` why should we help a country that bunkrupted itself '' ? 
  then why would anyone be in the `` union '' ? 
  any comments about schauble 's ( not so ) recent behaviour ? 
  i hate to be that guy but . . wrong thread guys = /, 
  one could argue that it is . 
  if you play better and have more possession but you lose 3-0 from penalty or free kicks , you have lost but at least in your defence you were better . 
  a lot of people could argue that the president should be the one that the most people want . 
  the usa 's electorate system changes things a lot . 
  it 's basically more of a `` more states want me '' than `` more people want me '' which i find silly . 
  he could have gone around . 
  i understand that he 's a more `` important '' leader but he still has to show respects to others and they have to treat each other as equals . 
  they 're part of an alliance . 
  if people want to see trump they can have private meetings with him . 
  in a group meeting of nato leaders things are different . 
  lol that was awesome . 
  but in his defence , junker does it in a friendly/kidding manner , not with a smug look on his face saying `` get behind me bug , i 'm the leader here '', 
  `` he 's a nice guy '' is not nearly enough for the position of the president/pm of a country . 
  you and me could be nice guys and still have no clue how to run a country . 
  i hope the same but something tells me we 're in for a big ass disappointment and reality check . 
  you have a point there but it 's not the same thing . 
  it was a toss between 2 very bad candidates and there was always the `` hope '' factor for trump . 
  now he 's out there and people see what the guy is doing , there 's not much more to save the situation for him . 
  of course there 's always the `` people are fucking stupid '' factor as well so yeah . . 
  think of the reactions when reading history books and on the one hand you 'll have presidents like jefferson and then you 'll have trump and bush . 
  `` what the hell happened in the 00 's man ?? '', 
  in her defence she won the popular vote . 
  just you wait . 
  you might end up with drake . 
  boy that 'll be something . 
  if trump was pretty bad , we 'll never let you forget about it if drake gets elected . 
  yes they did want to help germany . 
  otherwise they could have actually dismantled it and poured the money into whatever other country would have existed in its place to do germany 's part . 
  yet they did help it instead of trampling it to the ground and like i said earlier , it worked .
