  it says `` math term '' in the title so no . 
  ah that makes sense , thanks . 
  if anything we should be paitning red the said countries for being copycats :p, 
  correct . 
  the two words ( akereos and olokliros ) basically mean the same thing , much like `` whole '' and `` entire '', 
  no problem bud, 
  it 's not a matter of alphabet , the word is just different in greek . 
  it says `` akereos '' ( which is still the wrong translation of the word integral ) . 
  pronounced `` akerheos '' , it means integer in math . 
  it 's false here however cause we want the word for integral which would be '' \u03bf\u03bb\u03bf\u03ba\u03bb\u03ae\u03c1\u03c9\u03bc\u03b1 '' ( olokliroma ), 
  the whole thing is kinda silly . 
  some languages might have the word with the same meaning but a different root cause they 're not latin-based languages , like greek . 
  now i 'm not sure why the word would be different in polish , it 's a slavic language so it would make sense to me that it would be similar with other slavic languages . 
  then again i 'm not a linguist so i could be wrong there . 
  i 'd expect some languages like greek or hungarian / estonic for example to have a different word . 
  correct , the right term is '' \u03bf\u03bb\u03bf\u03ba\u03bb\u03ae\u03c1\u03c9\u03bc\u03b1 '' indeed . 
  that 's a nice sight for the city . 
  thanks !, 
  so you believe that someone should be free to voice their opinion on islam but banned from following it ? 
  you 're eiter a very confused individual , or a liar . 
  which is basically denying that a genocide happened . 
  so this is how it begins * puts helmet on *, 
  the name suggests that it 's something like a village within the city . 
  is that accurate ? 
  it 's pretty cool . 
  most of the people are simply saying that we should leave her there in iraq which also falls within the things the government can legally do . 
  so yeah . 
  i did n't miss the point at all . 
  i specifically told you that indeed there is the `` minor '' factor in our justice system but there is still a difference in the severity of the punishment despite that . 
  a minor that stole a candy bar and a minor that killed someone will not be punished in the same way despite them both being minors . 
  let alone a minor that joined isis, 
  you might be a cynic all you want and pretend that there is no difference between a teenager that takes drugs and a teenager that joins a genocidal cult effectively harming others but do n't expect others to agree with you man . 
  like you said there 's difference in the severity of the crime and the severity of the punishment . 
  in the same way , there 's a difference between the actions of teenagers and even though there 's the special treatment part , there 's still a severity in their punishment . 
  `` he 's a minor '' is only an excuse up to a certain extent . 
  taking drugs yourself are harming / killing others are hardly punishable in the same way are they ? 
  had a similar thing with mine but fortunately it only just bent on the side a bit . 
  i was able to sort of straighten it as much as i could and i can put it in the atm . 
  it works but i dread the day that it will get stuck in the slot = /, 
  oust-ria would also work, 
  we do n't mind belgium 's name since it does n't affect us . 
  fyrom claiming the name ( and history ) of macedonia does affect us however . 
  the kingdom of macedon in its majority existed in the greek part of macedonia . 
  the area that fyrom occupies today was paeonia back then . 
   it 's not like they came up with the name five years ago with the sole goal of annoying greek nationalists . 
  no but it looks like they did do it to usurp a part of greece 's history . 
  chick out what their airport is called and the statues that they have erected . 
  they 're not just calling themselves macedonians because of the area , a lot of them say that they `` feel '' macedonian and that they are descendants of the ancient macedonians so greece ca n't let them proceed with that name . 
  if they want to be geographically correct they can go with paeonia , or `` northern macedonia '' like greece suggested but they reject that too . 
  why ? 
  cause they 're after the name macedonia and everything else that brings . 
  sorry , we 're not in the mood of handing out parts of our history to others because they simply want to be called that . 
  there 's a big difference between me deciding to name my son william and saying `` look !, 
  my name is called william !, 
  this obviously means that william the conqueror was greek ! '', 
  you can see why naming themselves philip in order to create imaginary ties to the ancient macedonians is retarded right ? 
  how is it ridiculous ? 
  who told you that any country can name itself whatever it feels like ? 
  can turkey name itself `` persia '' just cause they like the name ? 
  no , it 's a name that already exists for a completely different and unrelated empire , tied a different nation . 
  we 're stopping them from having any name because they 're just mean guys , we 're stopping them from using one of the names that are tied with our own history . 
  how is that unreasonable ? 
  they can find their own name and we 'll be fine with it . 
  hitler was the leader of a socialist part , as much as kim jong un is the leader of a democratic country . 
  just cause it has `` socialist / democratic '' in the name , does n't make it so . 
  dude snap out of it . 
  the guy is being polite in his responses even if he misunderstood what you were trying to say . 
  do n't be a kid , it only makes you look like you need to grow up , hence why you 're getting downvoted and rightfully so . 
  learn to hold a decent conversation . 
  no , it 's simply saying that they were n't socialist . 
  just like if someone said that mccarthy was socialist and i denied it , it would n't be because it would `` put a bad light '' on socalism but simply because it 's false . 
  it was n't full of slavic tribes but there were slavs just like there were latins etc. 
  there is some dna traces , just like there is in every country . 
  no country is pure . 
  yup, 
  * enjoys popcorn with a wide smile on the face * look what we created :d, 
   what i 'm saying is there is an inherit hate for the country as a whole well i just have n't encountered that then . 
  you give me the impression that you confuse the situation that i described and you misstranslate it to a generic inherited hatred towards anything greek . 
  that 's not the case as far as i 'm cocnerned . 
  i love my country but i hate what it has become and that 's exactly why i 'm criticizing our shit so that we may fix it . 
   you 're just proof of that , you think you live somewhere so fucking unique . 
  tax evasion ? 
  because this does n't happen elsewhere i do n't fucking care where else it happens . 
  i do n't accept it as a norm because `` it happens elsewhere too '' . 
  if it happens elsewhere it 's still wrong but at least it does n't happen in a way that entirely cripples their countries . 
   you know the fact you can see it and it gets reported on shows you 're not as bad as half of europe . 
  oh please , you know just as well as i do how common shit like that are . 
  obviously not everyone is a tax evader but the fact that the system allows them to be combined with the country 's situation only makes it worse . 
   just because we 're not perfect little boring sweden or switzerland does n't mean we 're third world failures . 
  oh yeah sweden is boring because they have their shit together . 
  they 're the boring fucking little law abiding robots of europe and that 's something bad to you right ? 
  well enjoy your `` interesting '' character while you beg for a 450 euros/month job . 
  cause hey !, 
  at least you 're not boring right ?? 
   any other people that experienced a 30 % drop of gdp i doubt would react even half as civilised as greece . 
  it 's not a matter of civilization , wtf ? . 
  who the fuck sees his own commit financial suicide and says that we should be glad cause we 're dealing with it in a more civilized manner than other countries would have ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  it depends on what you 're talking about . 
  i 'm pretty sure that when you talk about the landscape , the islands , the places to go out , ancient history etc there 's a lot of praising or positive remarks and no complains .
