  things change , ya know :p, 
  b-b-but we 're 12000 years old and the earth is only like 6000 years old and we come from the moon !, 
  they can call themselves martians for all i care , that wo n't give them a martian identity . 
  i ca n't stop someone from being delusional but i can do something about it on a political level and that 's what greece is doing until fyrom decides to be reasonable . 
  i 'm glad to see that it looks like it 's working . 
  sorry sweetie i meant to be gentle !, 
  we should back off and say thank you in order to be the good guys . 
  hell , we should even give them greek macedonia in order to help them with their claims . 
  maybe an island or two as well . 
  we have many anyway , so what 's the big deal if we start giving some away right ? 
  if it 's crete they could also claim to be acestors of the minoans !, 
  next thing you know turkey will be claiming spartan history and we should n't do a thing . 
  bad greece !, 
  or ... you know . . trying to rally your people and make them forget of the country 's problems by telling them stories about how they are the ancestors of a civilization that existed 1000 years before your people . 
  that 's also a typical nationalistic move i guess . 
  well it 's understandable that you do n't care much about history when your country is like 26 years old :p, 
  lol it even says on the article that fyrom 's president is open to suggestions and well . . we 're simply discussing and saying what might be problematic and what might be acceptable to greeks or `` macedonians '' . 
  this is a name dispute in which both sides suggest names in order to come to an agreement and a solution . 
  it should n't be surprising to see us casually suggesting names . 
  what does empathy have to do with this ? 
  if bulgaria decides to rename itself to sparta should i also have empathy because the bulgarians suddenly decided to identify as spartans ? 
  or . . to be more accurate , because that 's the nationalistic line their government adopted ? 
  sorry if i ca n't sympathize with people that try to usurp a chunk of my country 's history . 
  if they have been calling themselves that , it 's on them . 
  do you also have empathy for all the people from the countries that the usa opposes ? 
  do you have empathy for the poor chinese fishermen that might want the entire south china sea for china ? 
  any empathy for the syrians that support assad 's rule ? 
  empathy for the russians that want crimea in russia ? 
  seriously wtf has empathy to do with that ? 
   what statutes of international law are you citing here ? 
  not sure if it 's international laws or decency between countries that one country does n't try to steal the other 's history and name . 
  i 'm pretty sure there must be some law about it . 
  maybe you do n't care about a country trying to claim the very person that united greece , as its own historic figure and the entire history that goes with the macedonian kingdom with it , but to greece it 's a big deal . 
  well , sorry that we decide to care about our own history . 
  i understand that history does n't mean much to a 150 year old country like canada , but we actually give a shit . 
  that does n't make sense to me . 
  it 's not this specific name that held them together . 
  would they not have stuck together if the country had a different name ? 
  of course they would have . 
  we 're not suggesting that they should split up , we 're suggesting that they pick a name to unite under , which is n't tied to an ancient greek kingdom and all its people and history . 
  not in english . 
  dunno about their language . 
  cheers i was n't aware of the meme . 
  [ get out ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/ac7ma7r5imyda/giphy.gif ), 
  if you were being sarcastic , which i take it you were , it 's kind of hard to tell with all these ridiculous comments around in this thread . 
  still , thanks for your input as useless as it was . 
  what 's so wrong with calling themselves varadians if they chose vardar ? 
  it sounds ok to me . 
  if they do n't want to identify or call themselves bulgarians that 's fine by me . 
  but that does n't mean that they should identify or call themselves macedonians either . 
  we may identify as samurai and want to call ourselves japanese too but ... tough luck . 
  the freedom of not identifying with a specific country/people does n't extend to the freedom to indentify or take the name of any other people/country they like . 
  they can come up with an independent name and everyone will be happy . 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  they have no connection to greece . 
  why would they be called slavic greece ? 
  you really should stop completely misinterpreting sentences man . 
  what macedonian identity ? 
  they have no macedonian identity . 
  if you 're talking geographically , vardar does that too and it does n't mean they 're not in the area of macedonia in any way . 
  greece being called greece or hellas does n't mean that it 's not in europe or not in the balkans and it does n't in any way remove that identity . 
  so which identity are you talking about ? 
  if they 're after the ancient macedonian identity , sorry . . that wo n't happen . 
  we 're fine with that . 
  or you know . . come up with a new name . 
  it does n't have to be about the area ffs . 
  they have a unique opportunity to think of a billion badass/original names . 
  just not harambia please . 
  dat obsession with the imperial japanese navy 's flag tho . . 
  the main issue is that the name `` macedonia '' refers to 2 things . 
  the first is the ancient greek kingdom of macedon/macedonia . 
  the second is the wider geographic area that took its name from the forementioned kingdom/people . 
  now fyrom the country exists today in the wider area of macedonia even though they 're a slavic people ( unrelated to the ancient macedonians ) but they claim that name and they have used it in the past to claim connections between them and the ancient macedonians . 
  greece objects to that name and accuses fyrom of usurping ancient greek history and also because macedonia ( the wider area ) is shared between like 4 countries . 
  greece is asking for a different name to be found so that the above can be avoided . 
  calm down and read my comment again . 
  i agree in everything you say but while you see it from a purely geographical perspective , it does n't end there . 
  since that area was named after the ancient greek kindom , naming themselves after the exact same name with no other distinctives , automatically gives them ties ( or allows them to establish them ) with the kingdom as absurd as it might sound to you and me . 
  that 's the thing . 
  greece would n't care if they used the name of the area if that name did n't overlap with their own history . 
  it 's one thing to call them `` the people living in macedonia '' ( as in the area ) and another to call them macedonians because of that overlapping . 
  mexico and america do n't have the same issues because they do n't take the name of a previous civilization/kingdom . 
  if texas wanted to name itself `` aztecia '' or something , mexico would probably react and it make sense . 
  they 're after a name that belonged to a people that have no connections with them , simply because they live on the same area . 
  besides it 's not like they have to take the name of the area they live in . 
  many younger countries have used names unrelated to the areas they 've settled . 
  bulgarians settled in macedonia/thrace yet they did n't name their land that . 
  likewise , turkey ca n't name itself persia because it exists entirely where the ancient persian empire was . 
  it 's not a purely geographical matter , that 's my point . 
   yes , because they do n't go as far as equating the names republic of macedonia/macedonians with the ridiculous claim of ancient macedonian heritage . 
  one can call slav macedonians , macedonians , knowing perfectly well that they are not the descendants of the ancient macedonians and that greeks from the greek province of macedonia are also called macedonians and are the ones claiming that heritage . 
  you could say the same about indians/native americans . 
  we all know that these indians were not the ones from india yet instead of calling them indians we now call them native americans which is a correct term . 
  why have a wrong term and have to learn to distinguish between the two instead of fixing the issue and having a proper correct name/term ? 
   i think the solution is to educate people . 
  there are other countries and regions which inherited the name of the place from other groups than the one who is majoritarian now or who share a region . 
  examples were given by other people here . 
  same as my previous comment . 
  you agree that the claim is absurd but instead of changing the name you propose that the entire world should bend around it and learn that even though the name is wrong , the two people are different when we could easily avoid that with a different name that would make it a lot easier to tell the difference . 
  `` people are educated '' could also work if we named every country in europe germany and just say `` yeah but we know who the real germans and who the fake ones are so meh , it 's fine '' .
