  there have been many rumors and reports about criminals fleeing to mt athos to be monks in order to escape prosecution . 
  i seriously doubt that even half of the people living there are decent moral persons . 
  not to mention the money they have and spend . 
  i used to work at an e-shop and we had at least 2-3 monks per week ordering 70 '' led tv 's , ps4 's , hi-fi systems etc. 
  of course all that without vat . 
  and yet there are plenty of churches for those who need it . 
  there are many , many , many more churches than we actually need , considering our population . 
  it 's like you 're living in a different country . 
  if you live abroad , that 's fine . 
  but i personally know of many cases in which there were donations from the government , mayors etc towards the church . 
  in many cases they `` cook '' the invoices with different payment types and other bank accounts but if you really believe that the government does not fund the church you should wake up . 
  it 's why i said `` when the churches are trully financed on their own '' . 
  that should happen when the churches are trully financed on their own too cause let 's not kid ourselves , that 's not happening . 
  as long as religion is embedded in the constitution and there is freedom of religion , the government should provide them with at least one place of worship . 
  if we finally decide to cut the ties , then i 'm all about what you 're suggesting but i 'm expecting to actually see the same for the churches too , regardless of the money they supposedly bring in . 
  i thought that 's what i said too, 
  i approve of that comment, 
  i disagree . 
  like the bible , quran is a book that has been shown to you by others so again , it 's religion . 
  your own belief about god or the world should be your belief and nothing else . 
  you do n't need a book to tell you how to believe in a god or what to do . 
  that 's religion . 
  just my 2 cents . 
   there is no anti-turkish conspiracy it is about islam . 
  considering how islam is pretty popular topic in europe . 
  you guys simply use turkey to prove a point . 
  sorry but that 's stupid . 
  that 's like saying `` it 's not about hitler , it 's about nazism '' . 
  well obviously , we do n't have something personal with hitler other than that fact that he did what he did . . turkey has been muslim since the beginning but only now that it 's going more radical people are vocal about it . 
  do you think that 's somehow wrong ? 
  turkey has been muslim 15 years ago and it was best buddies with the west so no , it 's not about islam , cause turkey has always been there . 
  it 's about allowing someone to tether turkey to islam and allow religion to affect its society . 
   see this is exactly what i am talking about . 
  the perpetrators of those get arrested and locked up you guys act like these are actually encouraged by the state they are not . 
  you guys trying to push that stuff like this is ordered by islam and supported by muslims while perpetrators are generally violent idiots . 
  as far as i know the guy that attacked the girl in the bus was released . 
  if that changed , good . 
  i 'm not trying to say if it 's islam that orders it or not but since you mentioned it , the attacks happened because of religious reasons right ? 
  these typically do n't happen in secular countries . 
  obviously it 's not the rule in turkey but the whole picture is getting increasingly worse for you guys . 
  try to understand that it 's not a matter of islam . 
  in greece if you follow what religion dictates , people are not supposed to eat meat during easter too but we do n't have cases like this one . 
  regardless of the religion , if that happened people would be mad because it 's not a secular thing but a sign of backwardness . 
  so no , it 's not about islam . 
  it 's about turkey getting closer to being a society with bullshit laws dictated by religion and moving away from what it used to be . 
   another example that proves my argument . 
  do you see the pattern here ? 
  death penalty maybe coming back to turkey has absolutely nothing to do with islam yet you act like it does . 
  why ? 
  i know why but please answer . 
  it 's very simple . 
  because unlike what you 're claiming , i 'm not using turkey to bash islam . 
  as you just pointed out , this has nothing to do with islam . 
  other things do have to do with religion generally , but this one does n't . 
   islam is barely relevant here if majority of turks were non-religious erdogan 's methods would simply change he uses religion because we are religious people . 
  that 's correct . 
  he 's using religion to get what he wants but i 'd except from a country like turkey to be able to resist that given that even though you 're religious people ( like us pretty much ) , there was a strong secular core . 
  unfortunately erdogan is taking turkey away from that from what i see . 
  his motives might not be religious but the outcome affects exactly that . 
  again , this is not a beef against islam . 
  it 's a beef against a country slowly turning theocratic regardless of the religion it adheres to . 
   no it is you who want that . 
  so that you can say `` i told you so '' . 
  if you actually cared you would get informed . 
  that 's a pretty childish mentality , it 's all i can say . 
  anyone that wants to see a country going there just so that he can feel good about saying `` i told you so '' is a retard . 
  i 'm talking about the sane people that are actually worried about turkey and the road it 's down . 
   you guys do not understand the real problem you guys are so obsessed with islam that instead of caring about what happens in turkey all you care is trying to show turkey as an example for your arguments about how islam sucks . 
  turkey going full islamist fits your worldview so you do n't care about actually researching and seeing what 's going on . 
  or maybe people are doing that exactly because turkey keeps showing such signs . 
  why do we do that with turkey and not say bosnia ? 
  you accuse us of having a propaganda but it 's just as likely that you 're just denying everything on the grounds of some anti-turkish conspiracy . 
  girls are getting beaten up in busses for wearing skirts , people get beaten up in restaurants for just eating during ramadan , death penalty is possibly coming back , now evolution goes away . . i mean i cant argue with denial but maybe there really is a bigger picture behind all those random events that does ring an alarm for your country and people here are pointing at it . 
  you sound as if we want turkey to be a theocratic backwater society . 
  that 's not the case . 
  as someone living right across your borders , believe me , all these are worrying and they do n't actually `` suit our arguments '' whatever they might be . 
  we 'd much rather have a secular turkey . 
  like i said , feel free to ignore all the signs and say that sharia law is so far away but do n't find it weird or suspicious when the rest of the world is telling you that something 's very wrong with your country . 
  one could argue that stopping evolution from being taught in schools would also mean erdogan going down but here we are . 
  with enough steps like this one , turkey having sharia law is not such a distant scenario . 
  that guy 's slowly turning you into a theocracy and all you 're doing is saying `` it 's cool , we 're not there yet '' . 
  you do n't have the kind of islam that plagues the middle east but it looks like you 're trying to get there . 
  this is one big step away from secularism which is basically what made turkey stand out . 
  do n't you find this alarming ? 
  when do you think will be a good time to be alarmed ? 
  when you 'll start beheading females on the streets ? 
  that 's the thing . 
  religion and belief are two different things . 
  belief is personal , a religion is organized and guided . 
  maybe , i 'm not sure about it but i was talking about it being a lot more theocratic and conservative than it was before the islamic revolution etc. 
  if it actually teaches evolution that 's even worse for turkey = /, 
  point taken , edited :p, 
   theory and science in general also seems to be controversial in united states . 
  ~ ~ lol how is that a good example to follow ? ~ ~ we 're all making fun of them too for being the equivalent in a christian form . 
  it has been a church and it has been a mosque and then with ataturk 's reformations it became a museum which i think is fair and it does n't `` insult '' or trigger either side . 
   we do n't go around demanding hungary should rebuild minarets on our ex-mosques that 's a bad example . 
  i 'm not saying that hagia sophia should be restored as a church either . 
  are these mosques in hungary now used as churches ? 
  if so , then i 'm against that as well . 
  if not then there you go .
