  germany is an ally , none of the ex-yugoslav countries were allied with the netherlands . 
  same with above . 
  this is n't an alliance like nato . 
  if the netherlands are unwilling to save civilians because their country has n't signed an alliance with yours , they do n't belong in the un . 
  the `` why should we help those civilians ? 
  they 're not our allies '' is a shitty mentality really . 
  there actually has been lots of criticism for that although - in my opinion - not nearly enough . 
  the difference is that these were a bunch of mercenaries and volunteers , not the actual country 's delegation . 
  greece and serbia might be pretty close for historic and religious reasons ( pretty silly if you ask me ) but this was just wrong . 
  still , any fucked up ultranationalist can do that . 
  if they 're to hunt that scum down , i 'm all for it . 
   the un is supposed to prevent another world war , that 's not just based on emotion either . 
  the un has many objectives one of which is to keep peace and protect civilians . 
   i , too , can twist words and take them out of context . 
  i 'm sure you 'd deny it but i see no other reason why wou 'd put that `` second world country '' part in your comment . 
  it makes me think that if it were german civilians the goal would be more noble to you but it 's just a second world country so protecting their lives is n't quite as noble . 
  i could be misjudging you here but i doubt it and if that 's the case your comment was poorly phrased . 
  thanks mate . 
  it 's the curse of both our countries unfortunately . 
  people ca n't take a step back and think that just maybe their country fucked up and it 's something we should criticise and try to fix . 
  blood begets blood . 
  it might take us longer than other countries but hopefully with the future generations this will be a less frequent sight . 
   i think it 's horrendously idiotic to believe it 'd have been fine if they simply fought ( and died ) against the serbs . 
  `` oh golly gee , they 're coming at us with tanks and all that other equipment we dont fucking have , we 'll be absolutely fine if we fight against that without support in this indefensible valley with the enemy on the highground ! '', 
  if your thoughts represent the majortiy of the dutch people , i 'm afraid your armed forces deserve all the scorn they receive . 
   yeah , no . 
  it 's so simple to say `` we ca n't win '' and surrender . 
  that 's my whole damn point . 
   we 're basing it on emotion now ? 
  that 's the worst basis for punishment . 
  lol a shitload of things come from `` emotion '' as you call it , or being a decent human being . 
  the very purpose of the un is based on that . 
  clearly that must be so strange to you since like you said above you do n't see a point for your government in taking part in peacekeeping operation of `` second grade civilians '' so i 'm not surprised at all that you find emotion to be such a trivial thing . 
  certain armies have values . 
  strategists do n't typically abandon their main objective . 
  the objective there was not the dutch soldiers but the civilians . 
  it is a matter of strategy when you wiggle around in order to better pursue your main objective with the best results , not when you pull a 360 and you help in killing the ones you were supposed to fucking protect . 
  the dutch did n't simply retreat to a better position to defend a more important camp or something . 
  they actually made a deal to hand over the civilians and then escape . 
  what i 'm still unsure about is whether karremans acted alone or followed a direct order from command . 
  if he did acted alone and handed the civilians to mladic , then yes , the soldiers are to blame too . 
  when dealing with massacres or situations that indirectly make you responsible it 's not just the officer 's burder but also that of the soldiers following orders , as unfortunate as that might be . 
   somehow it 's the fault of the soldiers though , true story . 
  let 's airdrop 300 greek soldiers in bumfuck africa and tell them to protect 8.000 people without support or supplies . 
  see how well that goes for you . 
  they would be expected to do their duty as well . 
  if they handed the civilians to the enemy , they 'd also be partly responsible for their fate . 
   nice example . 
  so leonidas allowed other greek forces to retreat and set up defenses while he bought time eh ? 
  that does not apply to the srebrenica situation at fucking all . 
  leonidas could also have thought `` even if the persians pass through the gates , they 're too fucking many . . we ca n't defend against that . 
  fuck it , let 's save our lives instead , it 's more practical '' . 
  but he did n't and despite all odds the vastly superior persian army lost . 
  the situation obviously is different but your mentality of abandoning objectives because `` it 's impossible '' is flawed and not fitting for an army unit . 
   they would n't have been defended ; they would 've died . 
  you do n't know that now because your government simply handed them over . 
   have you seen what they were up against ? 
  again , you give the impression that dutch soldiers find it absolutely natural to hand over civilians to the enemy in order to escape when faced against nummerically superior enemies . 
   history does n't prove anything . 
  all the battles this has been compared to were exceptions to the rule , which is why they 're such prominent examples . 
  thing is ; you never hear the losing side where a last stand situation was unwinnable . 
  it proves that you ca n't know how it will turn out . 
  it just might work and you get to save the civilians . 
   what alliance ? 
  the un ? 
  this was n't a nato mission and the un is n't an alliance . 
  correct , it was phrased poorly but you still get the point . 
  if your government ca n't handle risking soliders to protect civilians , they do n't belong in the peacekeeping operations . 
  if they do take part and they abandon the objective , they will be judged accordingly . 
  i 'm not sure which part confuses you . 
  your government basically pussied out of a dire situation and handed civilians to be slaughtered . 
  civilians dying after soldiers have fought to protect them , and civilians dying because the very same soldiers that were supposed to protect them , handed them over to the enemy might both be deaths statistically in the end but they do n't weight nearly the same . 
  for one , by doing what you 're supposed to do . 
  fighting is n't useless when it comes to protecting people . 
  you do n't know that you ca n't defend them unless you try it . 
  you 're * supposed * to try it because it 's the right thing to do . 
  sure i understand that people might not want to die for that but then they should n't be complaining when they 're judged accordingly . 
  and it was n't a metaphor , it was another example of an actual event . 
   they would 've been scorned even if they died . 
  it was a no-win situation , best they could do is survive and get some hostages freed . 
  no they would n't have been scorned , wtf ? 
  unless your country scorns heroes that die defending civilians . 
  you do n't know what a no-win situation is unless you fight . 
  using your mentality every battle in which you 're outnumbered and outguned is a doomed case and a no-win situation but history proves you wrong there . 
  sometimes it 's smart to retread a pick a better fight . 
  that 's not the case when you have to protect civilians and instead you hand them over choosing your life instead . 
   and throwing grenades at soldiers . 
  how strange soldiers do n't want to defend you if you throw grenades at them . 
  were the bosniak civilians hiding in the camp , throwing grenades at the dutch that were supposed to protect them ? 
   why ? 
  those soldiers did n't decide to station themselves there . 
  the article states that the dutch state is responsible , not the soldiers . 
  i was talking about the dutch state . 
  if the netherlands does n't think it belongs in peacekeeping operations of `` second world countrys '' cause that 's below them , do n't follow the damn alliance . 
  if you do , do your duty . 
  if you do n't and you hand civilians to the enemy , you get trialed . 
  it 's simple . 
   it was an enclave within a country that wanted those bosniaks dead . 
  and it was those soldiers ' duty to protect them , not hand them over . 
  regardless of the responsibility that also burdens the higher-ups , these soldiers fucked up too .
