  i 'd suggest you find a different way to defend your government 's statements . 
  whataboutism never works . 
   that 's why it protests turkish intervention of cyprus which was done according to the treaty of zurich , right ? 
  tell me about it lol . 
  i have told you what greece 's objection is . 
  read it again . 
  greece does n't even have to recognize the `` intervation '' cause it stopped being an intervention and became an occupation . 
  how can greece accept a hypothetic scenario and ignore the outcome ? 
  greece accepts the reasons turkey had to intervene , it simply does n't recognize what happened after that . 
  i know that it 's very convenient to you to talk about the first day but you never replied about turkey ignoring the ceasefire and occupying 40 % of the island , or about the turkish settlers it brought . 
  i understand why you would n't want to comment on that but yes it shows that as it turned out , it was n't just an intervention , but an occupation . 
  it would have been an intervetion if they went and left without occupying anything . 
  learn the difference . 
  once again you failed to talk about the aegean dispute and talked about irrelevant things . 
  either stay on topic or give up . 
  for the last time , you 're talking about some people that only you say are a majority , and i have told you you 're wrong but you decide not to believe me , whatever . 
  i can use people turks say on the internet to make some pretty interesting generalizations about your country as well but it 's childish and frankly stupid . 
  then again , i understand that you 're getting desperate here since your own government is officially claiming greek islands so it 's hard to come back from that . 
  learn to tell the different and stop trying to twist things to protect your country 's imperialism and expansionism . 
  greece is going according to the international law . 
  turkey is n't . 
  your maps prove that and since you mentioned cyprus , the fact that no other country other than turkey recognizes the occupied part of cyprus , also shows exactly that . 
  if greece does n't give a fuck about the international law , urge your government to take the aegean dispute into the international court of justice and see what happens  have a great day amigo . 
  all your points have been refuted repeatedly , you keep avoiding the point of the article and bringing up irrelevant things to justify your government 's policy and statements . 
  there 's no point in repeating what i have already typed many times . 
  if you actually believe that greece 's policy is to retake istanbul , preach on . . no one will take you seriously . 
  if you wish to get back to the original point which you abandoned right after you saw what the treaties and the international law says about the dispute , be my guest . 
  no point in derailing this any further . 
   and although turkey acted upon the treaty ( at least the first part , right of intervention ) , today 's greece strangely protests turkey . 
  greece protests because turkey acted way beyond the treaty . 
  turkey violated the ceasefire and conveniently went from occupying 3 % of cyprus to occupying almost 40 % of it , even though hostilities had ended . 
  furthermore , turkey illegally brought in settlers from mainland turkey to live in the grossly disproportionately ( considering the island 's demographics ) occupied lands which is a clear violation of the geneva convention . 
  in other words , turkey went from simply intervening ( which is how it likes to call it ) , to straight out occupying almost half the island and bringing settlers to solidify the division and occupation of cyprus . 
  anyway , that 's a completely different topic that you brought up because you found a wall regarding what the international law states about the aegean dispute . 
   society believes in this . 
  tell me that i am wrong , are n't there people in greece who believe mongols have occupied istanbul ? 
  tell me i am wrong . 
  be honest . 
  dude i can even find street interviews from youtube if you like ? 
  let us not play the dumb come on . 
  no , you 're not wrong . 
  the thing is you 're not wrong if you say that there are people that believe in lizardmen . 
  so if you 're claiming that the greek society believes that if we had a larger army we should initiate a megali idea 2.0 , yes you 're completely wrong . 
  if you 're saying that the turks came from central asia to conquer constantinople , that 's a fact , i do n't know why you 're objecting to that . 
  the fact that some people are bitter that constantinople was lost does not in any case translate into greece wanting to re-take it . 
  it 's gone , it belongs in the past . 
  the only people that will tell you otherwise are ultra-nationalists which are by no means the majority of the population , or people poking the `` remove kebab '' , `` gib istanbul '' , or `` 1453 was an inside job '' kind of meme fun . 
   turks have zero interest in conquering athens , while `` liberation of constantinople '' has become a folk legend in greece . 
  tell me one thing that turks could find sentimental in athens . 
  i can find 9999 things from turkey which are sentimental to an average greek . 
  quit avoiding the topic and spiraling over the same bullshit argument . 
  it 's not a matter of it being athens or istabul . 
  turkey has officially claimed greek land , while greece has n't claimed turkish land . 
  it 's very simple . 
  stop talking about athens as if that removes the fact that the turkish government has talked about islands under occupation . 
  it 's making you sound bad . 
   your defense minister actually tried to revive the crisis of imia again . 
  how ? 
  if i remember correctly it was your armed forces general hulusi akar that did that by sailing on the islands at the `` crisis 's anniversary '' . 
  our minister flew over the islands right after that . 
  if anything it was your side that tried to revive the crisis . 
   come on man , do not expect me to believe this , come on !, 
  if one half of a greek 's heart lies under parthenon , other half lies under hagia sophia . 
  i have been to your country dude , i have greek friends . 
  i know you guys . 
  i am from fucking smyrna myself , i can hear your radios here , we are that close to each other . 
  no need to say things like `` no greek cares about constantinople '' , come on . . is that why it has become a religious folk tale ? 
  the religious folk tale has been there since 1453 . 
  i explained in my previous comment . 
  yes people are sensitive about constantinople cause it used to be our old `` capital '' . 
  that would be the case with many nations . 
  it 's a significant part of our history is that 's expected . 
  but like i explained , very few people actually want to retake it . 
  every sane greek realizes that it 's a thing of the past . 
  would it be cool if we retook it ? 
  sure . 
  would n't it be cool for you guys if something happened and expanded in greece ? 
  yes , how would that be bad for you ? 
  does that mean that your majority wants to take athens ? 
  you do however have claims over other parts . 
   by whom ? 
  nato , yes . 
  usa would prevent that . 
  by average people ? 
  as i said , half of their hearts are under hagia sophia . 
  it is a very important figure for a greek . 
  no , i 'm talking internally . 
  any government that would suggest that would automatically crumble . 
  simply put , greece does n't pursue any kind of conflict or idea of occupation . 
  it 's just the country 's mentality . 
  kind of like with germany . 
  perhaps it 's weird for you to understand that cause you 're from turkey ( and i 'm not saying this as an insult , but turkey 's policy is quite different ) . 
   one is a populist speech given to get votes ( and not done jack shit on later ) while the other is a common belief in greece which you are denying for some reason . 
  `` just a populist speech to get votes '' ... 
  i can just imagine hitler being all like `` we need to exterminate the jews and conquer more lands !! '', 
  and germans being like `` calm down guys , he 's just saying that to collect votes , it 's all good , nothing to worry about '' . 
  see what i 'm saying ? 
  populist speech or not , it establishes the idea and precedent if you like , that there are islands that greece is occupying which is retarded , and this can be used now or in the future accordingly . 
  so while you might perceive is as a populist speech , greece does n't care . 
  it affects her directly .
