  most scholars agree that the 4rth crusade was actually the tombstone for constantinople and the byzantine empire . 
  pruswa is right . 
  the empire was so weakened and it never managed to regain its former glory and could never significantly threaten the ottomans till the city 's fall . 
  i used to do something similar . 
  we have a vending machine at work that takes up to 5 cent coins . 
  i used to take a few with me , put them in the vending machine , then use the cancel/return button and it would give me back 1/2 euro coins . 
  it took a while but it worked lol, 
  it definitely was the most important city in the region . 
  what other city that was more important can you name ? 
  even with the byzantine empire 's decadence it was the largest hub for everything in the wider area . 
  the very fact that it was basically the only thing holding the ottomans back before they could slowly reach vienna later also shows that . 
  had constantinople held , things would have been very different in europe . 
  thanks to the 4rth crusade . 
  still it was a major last bastion of christianity in the area and a huge city . 
  its population had dwindled but still . . 
  i 've seen that project but i think it was abandoned right ? 
  i mean it makes sense . . it 's a lot of money for something trivial . 
  plus it looks kinda gay . 
  but then again , it 's apollo so ... 
  * triggered *, 
  they took our jobs ? 
  grounded for a week . 
  and no dessert !, 
  they do . 
  they 're accused of being a criminal organization , not exactly a terrorist one but i guess it 's a thin line when you attack civilians . 
  the fact that he 's `` the most serious of the candidates '' right now does n't make him actually serious . 
  it just says a lot about how tragic our candidates are . 
  what i 'm saying is simple . 
  if nato 's mentality is that `` poland ( for example ) invited us to send troops and tanks and jets and missiles there and that 's none of russia 's business '' , then this is hypocritic cause i 'm pretty sure nato would protest about russia doing the same with say canada - again , fictional scenario - right next to the usa 's borders . 
  there is a distinction between conventional warfare and nuclear warfare but i do n't see how this is a deal breaker in this occasion . 
  if one country ( the usa for example ) can have armed forces right next to russia able to inflict damage , russia can retaliate be it with convenational forces or with nukes . 
  both countries are able to nuke each other anyway . 
  so to sum it up , nato ca n't threaten russia with war for sending war material and missiles in cuba , and then have the usa send thousands of troops , tanks and f-35 's in estonia . 
  it 's hypocricy . 
  we should request a ronnie j. dio statue . 
  i know they have a badass one in bulgaria but it 's smallish . 
  bad troll !, 
  bad !, 
  i 've heard some cases of that . 
  most notably that case where samsung paid a huge ass fine to apple in 5 cent coins , although that 's probably an urban legend . 
  knowing greece and how similar it is with italy , we 've probably done that as well , 
  well apparently it 's also part of italy so yeah . 
  that 's what you get for supporting fyrom in having the name macedonia :p, 
  this looks epic . 
  we should do something like that with the ( new ) colossus of rhodes . 
  something like the braavos statue . 
  germoneeeeyyyyyy !!!, 
  ( yes i have my priorities in order :p ), 
  same , i have an entire box full of them cause i just never use them , they feel more like a nuissance . 
  however if i round them up and count them i must have at least 20 euros just sitting there . 
  guess i should do something about it fast . 
  if the manager/boss was n't around then of course they 'd complain at the cashier . 
  he 's the businesse 's front at that time . 
  if you feel like you 're getting robbed and the manager is nowhere to be found should you be happy and calm cause the cashier has no control over it ? 
  how is that any different ? 
  so basically you one-sidedly decide that the forces that you already have outside of the `` enemy 's '' borders are fair game but the nukes that he would have ( in the cuban crisis example ) are somehow unfair and wrong ? 
  how convenient . . how do you draw the line like that ? 
  russia could also distinguish between armed soldiers and armors and decide that nato having tanks and missile launchers outside of its borders is also different and wrong . 
  would you obey and remove every tank there simply because russia `` clearly distinguishes between the two '' ? 
  besides the usa wanted to also install missiles in poland and romania if i 'm not mistaken . 
  the point is that if you use the argument that `` this sovereign state has invited foreign forces and material in it so it 's not a russian matter '' , then the russians can do the same and you should agree that the usa were wrong in the cuban missile crisis . 
  i 'm not twisting your words . 
  i 'm using the exact same argument you brought . 
  you just realised that it backfired and you 're trying to get out of it instead of admitting that you 're being hypocritical . 
  i 'll be really surprised if these guys are n't prosecuted , let alone fired outright . 
  even if the guy had n't killed himself and we were just talking about some `` pranks '' , shit like that can not be allowed in a workplace , especially in a company of audi 's caliber . 
  it 's ok cause he knew where to draw the line . 
  dousing someone with flamable liquid and burning his clothes is ok . 
  letting his burn to death is kind of too much though . 
  we 're breeding a whole new species of assholes . 
  well even though i feel bad about the father and the guilts he will have after his wake up call , the guy is a douche . 
  when you see your child coming back with bruises , trying to talk to you and ignore him and you hear him pacing up and down talking to himself and are n't worried , you kind of have it coming . 
  it 's your child . 
  he 's obviously troubled . 
  care a bit ffs . 
  i hope he can find consolation in golf but somehow i doubt it . 
  tornado is such a damn sexy plane , i wish we had a few . 
  especially that black paintjob is an eyegasm . 
  do n't you watch movies about monsters ? 
  after he eats turkey he 'll be even bigger !, 
   if russia fears encirclement so much , it should stop worrying about being able to control them through influence or otherwise . 
  this is just gold coming from someone from the usa . 
  `` they should n't try to control others . 
  we do that !!, 
  you do n't toss decades of work into the toilet , but when you 're dealing with such an - admittedly - unstable ( to put it kindly ) leader , you do n't go carelessly sharing info about war assets either . 
  i do n't disagree about the atrocities ( although those were largely stirred by the british who used their divide and conquer policy to pit each side against each other . 
  they funded and used the tmt to commit atrocities against the greek-cypriots as well , although on a smaller scale ) but the annex thing is wrong . 
  the overwhelming majority of the island wanted to unite with greece and uk would ' t agree to a referendum because they knew that they could n't avoid it . 
  i felt like commending you for your politeness and clear-mindness on your comment especially on such a topic . 
  if only more people from both sides thought and reacted like that , things would be much better between the two countries . 
  i admit that i 'm generally a bit hostile towards turkey , not as in the people , but as in the government and its policies . 
  my father has been to turkey many times cause of his job that allows him to travel all over the world and he has only good things to say about the turkish people he met there , they treated him excellently and went out of their way to accommodate him when he said he 's from greece so my opinion about the people there is very good , at least the `` normal '' ones , not the ultra nationalists which both countries have unfortunately . 
  you are such a good example . 
  bravo sir . 
  i hope things in turkey get better soon . 
  how come it was a usa matter when the russians wanted to move their missiles to cuba then ? 
  russia and cuba had an agreement between them which was n't a usa matter , yet the usa threatened with war if russia sent the missiles there . 
  all that while the usa already had missiles in turkey , right under russia but that was fine . 
  being nato countries or not , talking about hypocrisy while being hypocritic ourselves is bad . 
  if russia made a pact with canada ( totally fictional scenario ) and moved nukes right above the usa , the nato countries would be furious and translate that as a threatening move .
