  btw how is it a lucky streak if the leaders were competent ? 
  that 's not luck that 's good administration . 
  but yes the city/empire was a ghost of its former self , still it could have been saved even if it would n't have been restored to it 's former glory obviously . 
  lol your opposition 's leader clearly said `` those islands belong to us , there should be our flag there , what are you going to do about it ? '' . 
  that 's the very same person that recently organized the justice march and more than 2 million people were in the protest rally and now you dismiss such statements from the main opposition party 's leader saying :  our officials say stupid stuff all the time . 
  you usually , just hear the ones thats relevant to you and think its serious stuff . 
  if a random turk says something like that on reddit , that 's just a silly thing . 
  when your main opposition party 's leader says it , that 's kind of a big deal . 
  not that i agree with the troll but turkish officials have been making statements about `` turkish islands under greek occupation '' so yeah saying that nobody wants the islands when people from the government are disputing that is kind of a long reach . 
  dude you gave them to us . 
  make up your mind . 
  so now not only pasok but also nd is a leftist party and basically if you 're not an illegal authoritarian regime like the junta you 're a leftist party ? 
  share with the group god damn it , we 're dying here !, 
  send help !, 
  in all fairness their new government changed attitude and recognized that the previous government naming airports after alexander and building statues etc was a nationalist government aiming to provoke and create a nationalist core . 
  they seem to be more reasonable and open to name suggestions so it looks like it 's a good start . 
  i understand that it might seem trivial to you guys but we 're not in the mood to start letting neighboring countries claim our history . 
  we do n't need neighbors like that and we do n't need nato allies like that . 
  we already have turkey in the alliance causing enough trouble as it is . 
   maybe greece should n't have borrowed money if they ca n't pay it back ? 
  asking for your money to be returned is rather natural . 
  germany borrowed a shitload of money after the war as well , and it too could not pay it back . 
  half of the debt had to be erased outright and the other half to be repaid after many decades exactly because the allies saw that germany could not repay it , which worked cause in the meanwhile germany started developing and it reached a point where it was in a position to start repaying . 
  asking for your money to be returned immediately and imposing austerity , only ensures that people either wo n't have the money to repay you , or they will repay you but they wo n't have money to get by which beats the very purpose of borrowing money in the first place . 
  if we 're going to default in order to repay the loans , we could have defaulted without taking the loans in the first place . 
  greece has n't been socialist for many decades , unless you consider pasok to be socialist because of its name , in which case . . well lol . 
  if you 're talking about syriza , greece did n't get in this mess in 2015 . 
  of course , how did i forger her notorious lieutenant ? 
  i wish our debt deals were like this one !, 
  deal !, 
  shouting `` muh nationalism ! '', 
  out loud approximately 3,8 times should help . 
   several greek grandmothers with fully equipped kitchens . 
  you wan na get fat mate ? 
  cause that 's how you get fat . 
  when they start nagging you about making you some food , it does n't end until you 're bloated . 
  you can have all the grandmothers if you add some of your hot finnish girls . 
  also please keep your below 0 weather . 
  that 's lethal to us . 
  it 's an impressive battle . 
  everyone likes a good ballsy last stand . 
  i have one with worse odds that was a victory ( kind of ) for the outnumbered side https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_gravia_inn also @ the camaron article :  captain danjou 's prosthetic hand is now the legion 's most venerated relic that 's possibly the most warhammer 40k thing that i 've read , not in wh40k . 
  `` if you want to be an effective commander , you need to know what getting fucked is like '' - sun tzu, 
  20c sounds like a dreamy breeze right now :(, 
  dude they beat the english army with a virgin peasant girl being in charge . 
  it does n't get much more humiliating than that . 
  no country is charity or obliged to help people that try to escape war but frankly that 's a pretty assholeish way to look at it : `` why should i help him ? 
  i 'm not gaining anything '' , especially coming from a country like poland that has quite a history with foreign invasions , prosecutions etc and tens thousands of people had to leave poland . 
  i just wanted to make sure that what you mentioned earlier was not the actual reason behind poland 's actions . 
  it 's not that you do n't want to help people that are not actually fleeing from a war , it 's just that you do n't even want to help people that are actually fleeing a war cause you 're not gaining anything . 
  i just feel bad for the good people in poland that get bagged with people like you . 
  i know it will help but it will take a while for that . 
  companies wo n't start investing tomorrow . 
  there are thill many factors that would dissuade a company . 
  it 's slowly getting there and i can see people that left coming back in the future but if we 're talking about the present , yes people choose to leave for a good reason . 
  if i had the money i would have left for some place like canada by now . 
  i 'm still considering it actually . 
  the country is beautiful but that already helps as much as it can with the tourism which we already had so it 's not a huge change . 
  almost half the country 's population lives in athens anyway and many have office jobs etc which are largely unrelated to how beautiful the country is . 
  i wo n't be able to enjoy how beautiful the country is when i ca n't even afford to pay the gas to travel to cape sounio right outside of athens . 
  meanwhile tourists from countries that pay them 2000 per month in good working conditions , go to santorini and book a cool hotel with an infinity pool and an amazing view over the caldera and they get the impression that us greeks are living that life on a daily basis . 
  not quite . 
  ( * disclaimer * : this might have sounded bitter or jealous towards the said tourists and it was n't my intention at all . 
  they should enjoy their money . 
  if anything they help our economy and we always enjoy dealing with people from other countries . 
  just clarifying so that my sentence does n't get misunderstood ) . 
  in any case , thanks for your nice words and the support . 
  let 's hope things will get better sooner than later . 
  i ca n't blame them cause people in the south are cheerful and loud and outgoing etc ( which also can give us the lazy stereotype ) but yeah that does n't mean that everything 's fine and we 're living the good life . 
  just like the finns are said to be a bit more introvert but it does n't mean that they 're living a crappy life . 
  unfortunately , at least from the subreddit , i 'm getting the feeling that the poles in fact do n't want any muslims in general , regardless of where they 're from or if they 're in danger or not . 
  the easy argument will be `` but they 're from africa '' and that 's understandable but i bet that even if we could pick out all the actual syrians and you asked the majority of the country if they at least want to go with the quotas system for the people that actually need help and they 're from syria , they 'd still find ways to decline . 
  i could be wrong but this subreddit does n't help me think otherwise so far . 
  just saying that there is indeed a depression when it comes to job-future related stuff . 
  the majority in greece feels like there 's no future here . 
  you might not see it in the people in everyday lives since the greeks have typically been as you describe them , especially with tourists . 
  you can say that we do n't let it put us down and we 're still chill but you 'll hardly find any greek with any kind of hope for the future when it comes to job-related stuff . 
  austerity has caused a shitload of small businesses to close , half the people are unemployed and a good part of the other half are not getting paid ( just a couple of days ago a woman commited suicide because she had not been paid in 15 months ... try to picture that . . ) and on top of that situation our debt keeps growing . 
  greece being off the eu budget list helps , sure , but it wo n't do much to the people that need a job now or they need their 5 months overdue salary now . 
  could there be hope for 10 years from now ? 
  perhaps . 
  but a student wo n't wait for that . 
  he will leave the country now in order to find something more promising . 
  yes the weather might be nice , the beaches might be cool , the food is great but when you have to think of how you 'll actually provide for your unemployed wife and your two kids in the middle of all this situation , things suddenly do n't seem so cheerful . 
  so / u/966wasaninsidejob 's comment about africans and people that are not actual refugees is invalid since you do n't want to take even actual war refugees either . 
  good to know . 
  out of curiosity , are you willing to take refugees that actually are from syria ? 
  legit question, 
  offtopic , i know , but  i read `` the forever war '' recently i bought that book a couple of years ago along with some warhammer 40k books but i got hooked with wh40k and i still have n't read the forever war . 
  how did you like it ? 
  same , su-27 and f-14 are/were real beauties . 
  on the stealthy category , i like the f-22 way more than the f-35 . 
  the tornado is a [ beauty ] ( http://www.urbanghostsmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/panavia-tornado-gr4-zd749-4.jpg ) though, 
  ouch man, 
  snob !, 
  that 's just cheating . 
  no arguments there at all . 
  but try telling that to these countries when they 're like `` i do n't care , not my problem , i do n't accept them back '' . 
  when that happens you 're kind of low on other options . 
  you could go down the sanctions road . . meaning that the eu tcould threaten the countries that refuse to take immigrants/refugees back with sanctions but yeah we have n't gone there yet .
