  what you 're basically saying is an admittance of turkey 's sense of possession of cyprus and that you 're willingly and deliberately leading the unification talks to a dead end cause you do n't want cyprus to be independent , but under turkish control . 
  way to go lol . 
   eu ones , well indirectly greek ones . 
  no , cypriot ones . 
  if cyprus decides that it no longer wants to follow its eu course , it will be free to break ties . 
  same with greek ties . 
  if you ask most turkish cypriots , you 'll find out that they actually would love to be in the eu . 
  we 're talking about the island 's interests . 
   and you already previously tried to pull out some enosis ( unification of cyprus with greece , like small megali idea ) bullshit there so it 's pretty safe to assume greek state has intentions over cyprus . 
  talk about being naive eh ? 
  greece tried to pull that when it was a junta . 
  after that greece has steadily been supporting the republic of cyprus as an independent state . 
  there 's no intentions whatsoever . 
  have you ever heard anyone in greece talking about uniting with cyprus in the past 30 years ? 
  both countries have accepted that they 're independent . 
  let 's not forget that it was turkey that actually occupied the island illegally and despite that , greece is suggesting to remove its troops . 
   there it is . 
  you would like that would n't you ? 
  i do n't understand your mentality . 
  do n't you like the existing trade situation or cooperation between greece and cyprus ? 
  you make it sound as if we 're exploiting you with the gas pipe or something . 
  if roc is opposed to greece being in the deal , it can exclude it . 
   what opportunities ? 
  you are playing a game on your own , putting your own interests on the table what interests ? 
  we have proposed that the armies from both sides withdraw and turkey refuses . 
  if you 're not interested in annexing it , you 're definitely interested in keeping the troops there to at least control it . 
  you 're scared shitless to let cyprus free cause you know that you will have lost control of the island . 
  if cyprus is to be reunited , it will be about its own interests , not turkish ones , not greek ones . 
  if you ca n't accept that and you want to maintain turkish interests in the island , then going into talks about a reunited independent cyprus is at least hypocritical . 
  what the shit ?? 
  i think that 's actually a better idea than just destroying them . 
  despite what they represent , some of these are decent works of art and being stored somewhere for people to be able to see them for the story behind them if they so choose , is a good thing . 
  but the numbers do matter at least nowadays since the term has changed . 
  it 's mostly used for cleansing on a larger scale , otherwise the words massacre or atrocities are usually used . 
  i 'm not debating what `` genocide '' should mean , i 'm just saying what it has come to mean . 
  eh the numbers are n't the same at all , a lot fewer bosnians died , but it 's still considered a genocide i guess . 
  at least there are references to is as such in wiki and elsewhere . 
  still , the numbers are n't similar . 
  the fact that the world disagrees with you on the word 's meaning regardless with how it was coined . 
  `` macedonia '' initially was used to refer to the kingdom of ancient macedonia and in the past centuries it has come to also mean a much wider geographic area in which the ancient kingdom did n't even stretch . 
  words can be coined in one way and evolve into different meanings . 
  generally , the greek atrocities in smyrna are not considered genocides , just like the istanbul pogrom of 1955 is not considered a genocide although it could fulfill the initial definition 's criteria . 
  that was my point . 
  are you comparing the spanish that thought they had reached the indies , not knowing that they had discovered an entire new continent with different people , with the turks calling the greeks with the name they already knew them as ? 
  do tell us how your people confused these `` anatolians '' with the ionians . 
  did they miss the clearly characteristic ionian style of the buildings the temples etc ? 
  `` anatolians '' was never a country . 
  that area was inhabited by either greek ionian population , or persians before the roman empire . 
  generally civilizations that actually existed . 
  the turkic people were not there to begin with , before they slowly started settling there during the wars with persia and the byzantines . 
  there was no such thing as `` anatolians '' as an ethnic group or civilization in that area before . 
  it is a term to describe many distinct civilizations ( not including the turkic groups that came from eastern asia ) in the much wider area . 
   oh get lost literally google `` turkic people '' and see where they came from . 
  i do n't see why you 're in such denial about the majority of that group coming from where it came . 
  is it insulting to you or something ? 
  then the turks should be charged with way more than 3 genocides . 
  none of these make greece similar to egypt . 
  if anything it makes egypt be partly greek during the ptolemaic era since they were ruled by greek rulers and spoke greek ( cleopatra ) etc. 
  these kingdoms were close to egypt but most of the greek population like in the main greek peninsula had no similarities with egypt whatsoever . 
   the reason the west did n't care is because their entire connection to greece is artificially created during the enlightenment and there was no natural continuity and it happened for a good reason , not because they simply felt like resurrecting the greek civilization . 
  the continuity was always there , they just went back to embracing and studying the classics after a long period of dark ages . 
  greece is n't . 
  italy is . 
  that 's why italian ships gather these people since libya is south of italy . 
  which part ca n't you understand ? 
  italian ships or ships of frontex pick these people up when there 's intel of boats nearby ( nearby also including libya ) . 
  this is my last comment , there 's no point in explaining to you any further . 
  you 're completely uneducated on the matter and also bored to do any research so instead you 're trolling in here . 
  have a fun day . 
  they have to according to international law on rescue what do n't you fucking understand ? 
  go read the law , seriously, 
  i already replied to all of that . 
  if you have question , use google and educate yourself . 
  our coast guard is not even in libya . 
  the italian coast guard or warships may go there when they recieve intel of people in boats in danger in international waters . 
  any nearby ship ( not just italian ones ) that receives such intel or radio comm has to go to the rescue if possible . 
  same goes for every country seriously , take the time to read up on the situation . 
  your every comment only shows that you know nothing about the matter and i 'm not willing to post 100 comments to enlighten you . 
  get educated for your own sake before you comment . 
  totally flew over my head :( it 's like reddit negates all my sense of sarcasm , i swear . 
  i 'm assuming that you also support bribery in your country cause you 're playing by your country 's rules then ? 
  yes sure , let 's disband the coast guard so that we wo n't inconvenience you . 
  or your country can adhere to the eu rulings . 
  is it really so hard for you people to distinguish between `` greece '' and `` greek '' ? 
  it 's a rather simple thing . 
  one is the name of the country and the other is the people of the country , or used for something relating to the country etc. 
  england - english italy - italian netherlands - dutch sweden - swedish greece - greek easy is n't it ? 
  could n't help it  . <, 
  are you suggesting that some people should be satisfied with having to bribe a fucking doctor in a hospital ? 
  and you still think that immigrant boats just appear on greek and italian ports and dock just like that ? 
  seriously , not meaning to be offending or anything but it just seems so hard for you to understand that this is n't how it works . 
  we ca n't close the ports to the ships carrying immigrants cause the ships never get to the ports . 
  our patrol boats find the ships in the sea ( typically while sinking on purpose ) so closing the ports makes no difference at all . 
  according to international law , when a ship finds people in distress ( sinking boats ) you have to collect them and obviously the patrol boat or w/e has to dock after that , it ca n't just stay in the ship . 
  so no , we ca n't just close the ports to the immigrants . 
  we can either collect them in the sea and bring them ashore , or let them there to drown . 
  again , according to international law we should do the first so maybe you should reconsider about being sympathetic because we 're rescuing drowning people from the sea and we 're stuck with them because countries like you say `` we do n't want to take them , thanks '' . 
  imagine if your country was near the sea instead and everyone else was like `` its your problem '' . 
  i 'm sure you 'd want others to be sympathetic and help you out since we 're in a union and all . 
  [ you ... ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/12zdix1mw1cxvm/giphy.gif ),
