  you just do n't want it to be cause of your imperialistic motives . 
  like i said earlier , the southern part is independent with no problems . 
   i told you before , i do n't buy that . 
  i do n't care what you buy . 
  you 're making a point that you ca n't prove . 
  all you keep saying is an arbitrary `` it 's not independent and it will never be '' . 
  i can say the same about every country without supporting it . 
  can you tell us why it 's not independent exactly ? 
   i would propose that if was the head of the greek state as well . 
  why would i need troops when cyprus is to be sphered by the eu ? 
  whether or not cyprus is in the eu is entirely its own choice . 
  no one is forcing it . 
  even the northern part wants to be in . 
  onlt turkey does n't . 
  stop mentioning `` sphered by the eu '' as if it 's something that 's bad . 
  the only bad thing about it is that turkey wo n't be able to control the norhtern part and frankly , it should n't . 
  turkey is there illegally . 
  an independence of the northern part with no recognition by anyone else would mean nothing . 
  annexation is even trickier . 
  even though almost half your country is n't in your hands , at least you enjoy independence and autonomy in the southern part . 
  not saying that `` it 's fine '' and you should n't try for reunification obviously , just not reunification at the cost of actual independence . 
  would you trade that with a unified island with increased turkish meddling in your internal affairs and a turkish army present ? 
  i would n't . 
  when we declared our independence greece was only up to thessaly . 
  it was n't much but it was ours . 
  would we take that over having all of greece with semi-autonomy ? 
  you bet . 
   it was called enosis back then , it is now eu sphering the island . 
  in both cases , the outcome for turkey were/are the same . 
  `` enosis '' specifically means the union of cyprus and greece . 
  so i repeat again . . where do you see any such plan `` covered '' or not in the current talks ? 
  if you mean something else entirely like simply the fact that cyprus will be in the eu just like greece , then you should pick your words more carefully cause that 's not enosis . 
  germany is in the eu with greece two and there 's no enosis there . 
  the outcome for turkey should be the same anyway , it should be like it was before the turkish invasion , where cyprus was independent . 
  if you 're refusing to let that go , it makes turkey 's plans for the island even more evident and it explains why you invaded . 
   because cyprus was never independent , and will never be . 
  yes it was . 
  although for a brief time . 
  it gained its independence in 1960 . 
  even before that though it was n't controlled by neither turkey nor greece so it did have its independence at least from these two countries . 
  if it wo n't be independent as a whoe , that 's because turkey illegally invaded it and it 's not refusing to let it be independent which honestly says a lot about your country . 
  at least the southern part is independent and not isolated . 
   you are a naive kid with zero understanding of realpolitik . 
  you live in the world of unicorns and rainbows . 
  cyprus is not an independent state ( and never was in history ) and will never be . 
  as above , learn history . 
  it was an independent state . 
  and even if it was n't it was n't in the hands of turkey so that 's really not up to you to decide . 
  it 's not that i do n't understand politics . 
  i understand full well . 
  i 'm glad to see you being so open with your country 's illegal occupation and obsession with keeping half of a country that was n't even yours . 
   we are talking about whether or not eu/turkey i should let you know that eu is n't a country and does n't have sovereignty over the island . 
  you keep mentioning the eu as if it does . 
  the eu is secondary , as a union . 
  this is between cyprus , turkey and greece since they 're the ones having troops there . 
  greece has proposed to withdraw but turkey does n't . 
  it 's quite simple . 
   they became so after a treaty signed due to a war loss , with the same thinking one can claim the same for cyprus . 
  no cause there was no treaty where cyprus or anyone else ceded the northern part on turkey . 
  the aegean islands were won and reclaimed after a treaty recognized by everyone ( including turkey ) , while the northern part of cyprus is a pseudostate not recognized by anyone else other than turkey . 
  it 's literally under illegal occupation . 
  the greek islands are not . 
  you should look the difference up . 
  i get it , sorry for the rude comment , it was just the 3rd time i saw it being called like that in the same day and i was a bit like `` wtf ? '', 
  lol, 
  where the hell do you see an enosis plan anywhere in the unification talks right now ? 
  please point it out for me and basically the rest of the world cause there have been zero mentions of anything even remotely resembling enosis for cyprus . 
   if you propose something that suits for both turkey and greece , why not ? 
  like equal sharing of any oil that any party would find around the island . 
  why would greece or turkey share the oil of an independent country ? 
  it will be up to cyprus to decide who shares its own oil . 
  with what you 're saying you 're basically legitimizing your country 's invasion on the island , not for the protection of the tc side , but just so you will have a say in the islands oil deposits . 
  those deposits never belonged to turkey , why would cyprus share it with either side ? 
  if it 's decided that turkey can join in a plan like the pipeline with greece and israel , then even better . 
  but neither greece nor turkey have any right to share those deposits . 
  your mentality and idea of ownership is sickening . 
  no one 's getting away with these . 
  the belgians do n't deny what they did . 
  the greeks do n't deny what their junta did . 
  it 's the reason why the junta was overthrown . 
  the turks are getting that shit flinged to them cause they still wo n't accept their past and they 're in a constant state of denial , even when it comes to the second invasion of cyprus . 
   eu interests . 
  can you elaborate please ? 
  what 's greece 's eu interests from having a unified cyprus ? 
  if anything it benefits the turkish settlers that will be part of a country in the eu instead of being isolated , and enjoy privileges that even turkey was asking for . 
   because that is something in favor of your side . 
  in other words , you proposed something that benefits you , which was my first argument already . 
  this is not how neutralism works . 
  it is as if we propose greece to withdraw its army from the aegean islands . 
  you do realise that if we take your analogy of the aegean islands , then our interest would be the exact opposite , aka to keep our troops in the island ( cyprus ) right ? 
  why would it be in our interests to remove our troops from an island that 's right next to turkey ? 
  not to mention that our islands are under our sovereignty , not illegally occupied territories unrecognized by the entire international community . 
  again you 're proving how hypocritical turkey is . 
  we 're proposing to withrdraw troops and go for a unified cyprus that will have its own interests and you 're talking about turkish interests . 
   why would turkey let eu extend its sphere to the turkish shores ? 
  does eu let turkey to expand its sphere to eu shores ? 
  what have you been thinking ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  what turkish shores ? 
  we 're talking about cyprus .
