i envy you . 
  lots of great cities to easily visit like that in central/western europe . 
  not quite the same down here :p, 
  thanks a lot for the info !, 
  do you live there or you just visit perhaps often because its close to poland ? 
  some tech-related terms are more easily/commonly used in english even though there can be translations in greek or other native languages . 
  i always wanted to go really . 
  i happen to be a history nerd so i like places like that , plus it looks like a beautiful city . 
  i 'm visiting germany on february but it 'll be at munich with my gf and she does n't share my excitement about history so it seems like it 'll have to wait for another time :p but yeah it 's sad that the level of destruction of the city is not more widely known . 
  it 's basically the same name with a different ending . 
  ancient greek female names that end in - as can also be called with the ending - ada in modern greek . 
  like athena pallas ( one name for the goddess athena ) is also athena pallada . 
  so yeah it 's two different ways to say the same name . 
  i knew it was heavily bombed but not that it was obliterated to that point . 
  holy shit !, 
  it 's like they a-bombed the place . 
  * gives you a chiton and an olive wreath * you 're greece too amigo !, 
  woah now slow down satan !, 
  if we were in the 1400 's , greece would have been eastern europe but today when people talk about eastern europe it 's not related to the eastern roman empire but more commonly to the ex soviet countries . 
  ukraine was n't part of the eastern roman empire either but it 's considered eastern europe . 
  this is why i consider your map to be somewhat accurate . 
  personally i think that greece is generally a better fit in `` southern europe '' along with italy , spain and portugal but that does n't apply in the whole cold war division thingy . 
  anyway there are many different ways to split europe so there 's never a `` right '' way . 
  well yeah but i 'm not going to explain in here why people choose that way out when they 've gotten so low . . 
  cause that would guarantee that she 'd never get money . 
  agreed . 
  bias or no bias , the post did n't have any inaccuracies or w/e . 
  pretty much all articles come from sources that have a certain political view etc. 
  should we start removing them all cause they 're biased in that way ? 
  then you 'll simply spend more money ( that you do n't even have since you 're not getting paid ) cause businesses are actually allowed to delay payments up to a certain point due to the crisis . 
  even if the court forced them to pay you , chances are you 'd still get fired after it and you 'd be unemployed . 
  obviously it 's not a good situation but for a lot of people there 's no other way out of this . 
  you ca n't grasp that cause you do n't understand the conditions in greece right now . 
  yeah sure , condemn your family in poverty and begging for money from relatives because you did n't get your first salary . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  the situation here is not like it is in the netherlands where you can just walk away and find a job somewhere else . 
  if you stay at least you still have your job and if things get better you 'll get paid . 
  if you walk away you 'll be unemplyed in a country with 25 % unemployment . 
  good luck telling your wife and kids you walked away . 
  greece is typically seen as either south or west europe . 
  the `` west '' is mostly cause of the whole being the birthplace of western civilization thing , obviously not geographically . 
  this is why there are many ways to split europe . 
  some factors might place one country in a different group than others . 
  you are entirely unfamiliar with the specific source , i 'm pretty sure that you had never heard of the thessaloniki libertarian initiative before in your life so no , you do n't know the source . 
  you simply say it 's not credible because of your political views . 
  no arguments in source checking but dismissing a source because it has `` libertarian '' in it is a bit silly . 
  you can have your reservations , that 's natural but yeah the guy is basically dismissing it as a `` commie source '' lol . 
  til only right-wing sources are reliable . 
  the rest are just commie lies . 
  chances are you 'd be unemployed for a good amount of time and then you 'd find a job that 'd just do the same so yeah . . it 's not as simple as it sounds . 
  yeah i understand both sides but this is just too much . 
  i 'm `` fortunate '' enough to be working for a large company and when the crisis thing exploded the management pretty much told us that there would probably be some delays in payments and asked us to help and bear with it . 
  between that and unemployment people just suck it up . 
  the good thing is that we did n't remain totally unpaid , instead we recieved half our salary and they just owed us the rest and after a few years they started repaying us and thanked us for standing by the company in these tough times , so the `` guys up top '' were pretty okay considering the situation . 
  the sad thing is that a lot of the austerity measures hit the layers that just ca n't take any more blows . 
  how much can you leech from an elderly woman that only receives a 350 euros pension ? 
  thanks for the wishes though !, 
  yes i 'm sure the guy is alove and well sitting on a couch somewhere laughing at the random fake news of his death . 
  you fucking people . . 
  due to the whole crisis thing there were some laws/regulations that allowed the employers a certain `` flexibility '' in payments in order to keep a lot of companies/businesses from closing when they 're unable to cope with the taxes , salaries etc. 
  obviously stalling payments for 18 is surreal and i 'm not sure exactly how far an employer can delay payments but it 's a sad reality in greece . 
  afew months ago there was another case of a woman that commited suicide because she was unpaid for 15 months . 
  imagine what those people have to go through . . how to get by and provide for a family when you 're unpaid for that long ? 
   well is this really something bad or just respecting local history ? 
  no , we would n't mind them simply building a statue in his honor . 
  if anything it would be flattering . 
  but they do it in order to say that he was n't greek but macedonian and that they 're his desdcendants so yeah . . it 's different . 
  it 's like greece building statues of vercingetorix in order to claim him and the gaulic/celtic history . 
  it 's stupid . 
  yeah . 
  to me we 're just southern overally . 
  we 're balkan in the geographic sense but considering the majority of the other balkan countries we 're a bit different so i think south europe fits more accurately . 
  and yet interestingly enough it 's most commonly connected to `` south '' or even `` west '' ( ! ), 
  europe rather than east lol, 
  eh i dunno , i do n't consider language at all cause we do n't share with anyone else . 
  in my book , spain/portugal/italy / greece are closer not only in climate and economy but also in their whole mediterranean attitude/philosophy . 
  it 's hard to explain . 
  i 've been to other countries but when i was in italy i met some spaniards and italians and i felt just like home . 
  except greece was never part of the eastern block = /, 
   portugal or spain are closer to france than to greece , to give an example . 
  this is a betrayal of the greatest magnitude . 
  we thought we were brothers !, 
  wtf ? 
  once we had 48 c over here and more than 1000 people died = /, 
  you 're making it sound as if i condone mass sterilizations which is wrong . 
  what i said is that an effective solution must be found soon cause many governments are not even taking this problem into consideration . 
  something effective must be done about the greek problem too but comparing the two is at least ridiculous cause the two cases are nothing alike . 
  xenon would like a word with you . 
   almost 200 million years on we have a population of 65 million wait ... what year is it ? 
  as harsh as these solutions might sound , unfortunately it is a problem that needs to be dealt with or at least start be taken into serious consideration asap . 
  overpopulation is one of the most pressing problems we 're facing as a species atm . 
  the growth predictions are scary . 
  it 's not only a matter of politics or mass migrations and the threat of cultural alterations etc. 
  even if we look at it globally , in a scenario where there are no countries , differences in cultures , laws etc , the very planet will be unable to cope with our sheer population and the resources we require sooner than we think . 
  perhaps i phrased that wrong but what i meant was `` like greek , they 're not latin-based languages . '', 
  pardon me for the confusion . 
  holy shit , that hurt my eyes , dunno what i was thinking . 
  i edited it . 
  i suppose that 's possible but i did n't see any other reports about it being false so probably not . 
  it looks like they just mixed the word for integer with the word for integral in greek .
