  it 's as if ethno-centric politics and expansionary ambitions are toxic and genocidal in a multi-ethnic area . 
  who knew ? 
  of course they 're bad but again , that does n't mean anything in the present . 
  you seem to be so grasped to the whole `` bad things happened in the past so bad things will remain now '' pretty tightly for some reason . 
  not to mention that most of the destabilization actually happened by the british that funded the extremists in both sides , eoka and tmt and pitted them against each other . 
  not sure if you can call an island with 80 % of the population wanting to unite with one country , expansionary in the first place though . 
  they already did and we had no major issues other than not being able to handle too many of them economically . 
  so yeah . 
   yes.i am not a 95 years old grandma . 
  lol i believe he was referring to erdogan blocking wikipedia in turkey . 
  was n't that a thing ? 
   negotiations are not an advanced form of time travel . 
  the consequences of the junta takeover can not be truly undone , including the fact that during the division turks from the mainland started living in cyprus . 
  let me introduce you to some expression that might be of use here : `` the genie is out of the bottle '' , or `` you 're trying to get the shit back into the horse '' . 
  following that mentality we should n't be trying to reunite the island too since the genie is out of the bottle . 
  you ca n't use that mentality unilaterally . 
  yes , the junta 's actions did give turkey the excuse to intervene but let 's be honest here , the army could have stopped after the first ceasefire ( when hostilities had ended ) and capturing 1/3 of the island was n't needed , let alone bringing in settlers from mainland turkey to live there . 
  cyprus paid with the division of the island and if that can be undone , so can the other issues that came with it . 
  good luck with moving the settlers now . 
  turkey found the chance to strengthen the turkish minority on the island by bringing tens of thousands of settlers illegally , in order to solidify their grasp on the island and have an excuse for occupying 40 % of it even though the turkish population before was barely a 20 % . 
  they 'd never agree in removing those settlers and it 's not like the un or other organizations care about it much either . 
  personally i do n't have much hope of seeing the island reunited as long as turkey insists on having the troops there . 
   that you do not like anyone being against proto-fascist , far-right regressive ideologies is your own problem , deal with it . 
   so it 's my choice to disrespect them and demand they stay away from my land for it . 
  lol yes clearly you 're a real jewel of libertarianism and against proto-fascist ideologies . 
  when do you organanize the porgroms again ? 
  anyway , no point in derailing this any further . 
  when what you 're saying is totally irrelevant and you find the chance to indiscriminately bash an entire group that consists of more than 1 billion people collectively for no other reason than basically `` i do n't like em '' , it 's very easy to be accused of promoting your anti-islamic sentiments . 
  feel free to derail the topic but if you do so , do n't be surprised when people call you out for it . 
  you 're kind of in the wrong article to promote your islamophobia dude . 
  you could probably find a way to talk about how you do n't want to take in refugees on an article about barbie . 
  [ seriously ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/l4ki2obcyaqs5whfe/giphy.gif ), 
   how do you know this ? 
  you are simply assuming the fact that us and germany refuse to extradite gulen/gulenists proves turkey did n't connect them with the coup , you have no way of knowing what turkey presented to them as evidence . 
  sorry , half my sentence was missing there and it did n't make much sense . 
  i edited it . 
  `` similarly with the us , germany thinks that turkey has failed . . 
  etc. '', 
   where did you get that figure from ? 
  literally the first link that pops up after a simple search http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/29/europe/turkey-post-coup-arrest-numbers/index.html  no he sacked them . 
  what does high ranking officers who fled to germany have to do with teachers ? 
  correct , he imprisoned journalists and detained and fired the teachers . 
  i was simply saying that there seems to be a shitload of people that are accused as having ties with gulen . 
  looks like it 's a simple way for erdogan to purge and disable pretty much anyone , from officers to teachers . 
  and if germany thinks that the accusations are unbased as said earlier , why would they hand them over ? 
  well the list of `` suspected gulenists '' is quite large and frankly quite unbased . 
  similarly with the us , germany thinks that turkey has failed to solidly connect gulen with the coup , let alone connect those hundreds of thousands its prosecuting as `` gulenists '' . . erdogan wanted to even imprison people that used satire against him and he ~ ~ imprisoned ~ ~ fired/detained teachers and imprisoned journalists as accomplices or supporters of gulen so i 'd say that giving asylum to people that erdogan accuses as suspected gulenists is not such a bad idea . 
  thanks , i 'm not sure how these countries cooperate in the base but it would make sense that intel would be shared since they 're nato allies on a joint operation . 
  regardless , i think it 's a good move for germany 's part to look for other options nearby . 
  beautiful !, 
  this looks so much like greece , i 'd assume it 's an ionian island if it was n't for the title . 
  or perhaps an italian shore . 
  am i the only one that thought of monte grappa in bf1 ? 
   refugees are meant to go back to their countries once it 's safe to do so . 
  i 'm not sure that 's absolute . 
  i mean in past wars , refugees from europe went to the usa or canada or australia and they did n't come back . 
  them staying should be fine as long as they can assimilate in their new society . 
  i understand your concern about that being impossible with some or a lot of them and that in the process they might start forcing their culture/laws etc. 
  i do n't have a solution about that . 
  maybe there could be some sort of evaluation on who 's fit to remain or who should be moved back . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  there are dangers either way . 
  just curious , would that have any other negative effects for turkey other than the deterioration of the relations on a diplomatic level and the lack of cooperation or support on a strategic/military level in the area ? 
  in the land of germoney where the shadows lie !, 
  [ sorry , lord sauron ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ff/f0/45/fff045d558fc0450537d74fb1bb3c0af.jpg ), 
  depends on who funded , built and equipped it i guess . 
  if the americans built it ( not sure how it is for incirlik ) , it is an american base and they 're just being allowed to run it on soil that is n't theirs . 
  besides if they rent the place and pay for it , it 's technically their base anyway . 
  sir * , thank you my american overlord sir !, 
  the thing is you have to be careful whom to prosecute . 
  everyone that 's muslim ? 
  everyone that 's darker skinned ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  people like these guys spreading hate speech and islam expansion should be deported sure . 
  but i 'm afraid it 's a bit too easy for things to go beyond that and have a witch hunt against anyone that looks middle eastern . 
  just like actual war refugees that have n't harmed anyone can pay for this too . 
  ending the age of tollerance only to become a european version of the middle east backwardness is useless . 
  upovited cause physics . 
  i should start doing it for other greek words t confuse people . 
  a sound logic . 
  `` i 've heard that americans are pretty stupid and i found an american that sounds pretty stupid on reddit so i guess americans are stupid after all '' ^ ^ / s . 
  did you guys even graduate from at least any kind of middle education institution or did you get home schooled ? 
  seriously . 
  i understand that but some arrowheads and traces of war do n't necessarily indicate the trojan war . 
  it could be and do n't get me wrong , that 'd be awesome . 
  but a lot of scholars are n't so sure . 
  just saying that it could just be a myth . 
  like all myths there could also be some dose of truth . 
  we 'll see hopefully , 
  many centuries is still many years technically right ? 
  i talked about the war , not the city . 
  you disagree that the name is unbreakably tied to an ancient kingdom that bore exactly that name ? 
  mkay . 
  i said that the name would always bear the danger of being used for nationalistic propaganda and to usurp the country 's history so yes , it 's not an option . 
  they simply ca n't take the name of another civilization/ancient kingdom without clear distinctions . 
  if they want them to use it in a geographic sense , they can do exactly that and use the `` northern '' in front of the name and everyone 's happy . 
  there is n't a sovereign country that goes by that name but there is a part of greece and it is the name of an entire civilization , completely unrelated to that country . 
  besides , cyprus is n't a general area either . 
  macedonia is . 
  again , for both reasons it 's wrong .
