  what do you think my agenda is though ? 
  nato was created in a time when we needed as many countries as possible to counter the ussr lobby . 
  it paid no attention to stuff like country members agreeing on a political level . 
  one of the best examples is that both turkey and greece are part of the nato and they have been even in times when the two countries basically went to war with each other . 
  the only reason they were in the alliance was simply because they were under the westen sphere of influence . 
  obviously that situation does n't apply today . 
  russia is still there but this is n't a cold war . 
  countries within the nato should have a similar approach at least to a certain degree and a common mentality . 
  if one country starts going all north korea , it makes the whole thing unstable . 
  the others will either have to condone it because `` they might be bastards but hey , they got in nato 50 years ago so we go along with it '' , or they have to break ties . 
  recently turkey has changed its stance against certain european countries significantly unfortunately . 
  i think you can understand that nato ca n't be a completely different entity , expecting countries that otherwise disagree entirely and are actually hostile to each other , to disregard all that and play allies . 
  the whole `` nato is a military alliance , not a political thing '' while true is not that simple at all . 
  military policies and cooperation are greatly affected by politics . 
  a barrier will still be a barrier if it 's moved back . 
  even if turkey left , other countries would be the barriers . 
  being a barrier is no excuse for getting away with the moves that turkey is pulling . 
  if that was the case any country-barrier could basically blackmail the others into having their way . 
   russia wo n't go to war over a jet violating sovereign airspace . 
  it was a provocation , and putin knew the risks . 
  an oversimplified dismissal of shooting down an adversary country 's multi-million military asset . 
  you 're obviously an experience diplomat i see . 
  i guess we should all start shooting russian jets down then cause they surely wo n't go to war over a few jets right ? 
  using the exact same simple dismissal , turkey wo n't leave nato over something like the summit taking part in another country so i guess we 're good right ? 
  it would make sense to want to keep turkey close if turkey actually did that but like you said , they 're drifting further and further away already . 
  there is a limit to how far nato and the european countries will go to support turkey lest it leaves . 
  if turkey is down a path of conflict with europe , then letting it go would be a one way road . 
  nato has already been very patient with turkey in some occasions . 
  i remind you that they shot down a russian jet for a mere 13 second violation of airspace . 
  that 's quite a hotheaded move that endagers the alliance . 
  especially considering that turkey violates greek airspace on a daily basis to the point that they violated it more than 400 times withing one day a couple of weeks ago . 
  hm i did n't know about the 2024 part . 
  thanks . 
  but you do n't object with turkey shooting down a russian jet for a violation of a mere 13 seconds , effectively threatening to put the alliance into a possibly a world war ? 
  meanwhile turkey violates greek airspace on an almost daily basis and threatens the greek government with a `` hot episode '' etc. 
  but sure , it 's the other countries that spend under the required percentage that threaten the alliance right ? 
  it 's true , the minimum nato members should be spending for the alliance is a 2 % of their gdp . 
  so far only the usa , uk , greece , poland and estonia pay above or equal of that . 
  the rest are below . 
  mate when turkey goes with moves like forbidding german ministers from entering a nato base in turkey , they 're also `` kicking up a fuss '' . 
  why do you only complain when germany pulls something like that in return ? 
  a lot of countries are displeased with the way turkey is handling . . well . . pretty much everything and they 're showing it . 
  we are treating turkey like an equal partner . 
  they pull shit like that , and so do the others . 
  simple is n't it ? 
  and your eagerness to lick his balls when he 's already antagonizing you will only allow him to continue doing exactly that cause he benefits while you 're looking like a weak bunch of countries that are controlled by turkey . 
  and what are you talking about ? 
  go there and call him out in from of his populace ? 
  wtf how would that separate him from his base ? 
  knowing how he works that would only gather them around him more by saying that `` those nazis came here and disrespected us in our own country '' or something . 
  it would be in greece 's interests to have turkey in nato if turkey actually behaved like an ally . 
  but it does n't . 
  there are certain limits . 
  what good is it for greece if turkey is in the same alliance and still behaves as a hostile nation ? 
  it only means that turkey is also allied with more countries . 
  if turkey left nato at least it would be allied with russia , not nato and russia which is close to what 's happening now . 
  you got to understand that turkey is in a position that brings it close with both sides . 
  that 's not necesserily bad , i 'm not saying they should be enemies with russia . 
  greece is close to russia too . 
  the thing is that when turkey already has both its options open and it decides to antagonize you , spoiling it only shows weakeness on your behalf . 
  you 're allowing turkey to basically blackmail you . 
  `` treat me nicely and agree with what i do cause i can always go with russia '' . 
  well no , this is not how alliances are . 
  and you are saying that they 're not an equal partner in nato but something above the rest that should be spoiled and protected despite them siding with russia and already poking other ally members and straight out blackmailing europe . 
  next thing you know turkey will be asking you to bid how much money you 're going to give it so that they do n't leave and go with russia . 
  and the funny thing is , you 'd actually support paying them . 
  i do n't care about where the summit will take place . 
  be it istanbul , venice or grenoble , it 's all the same to me . 
  but your mentality of `` do n't piss turkey off '' when turkey has already decided to antagonize europe is just stupid . 
  and turkey has already antagonized europe and its allies there repeatedly while approaching the same country you just mention that the nato has already antagonised perhaps irreparably . 
  do you conveniently turn a blind eye to one but are fine with the other ? 
  if turkey wants to play games with nato countries , it can work both ways . 
  in case you have n't noticed , turkey is playing best buds with russia and they 're constantly threatening greece , another nato ally . 
  please think twice before you talk about turkey and security in the same sentence . 
  dude if you want to be turkey 's bitch be my guest . 
  send your government a letter and all . 
  just do n't whine when the rest of us do n't feel that this is the road the alliance should take . 
  no country should be acting any way it wants simply because of people like you who do n't dare put them in their place . 
  good mentality . 
  support a dictator in the alliance because another disctator is on the other side . 
  turkey is also one of the countries that contribute less than the 2 % minimum that 's requested by nato . 
  just saying . 
  also  and if the summit must move , it should be to poland or estonia . 
  right across putin , so do n't piss one strong country off , let 's piss the other one instead . 
  your mind seems to be all over the place man . 
  if you do both come from it does n't it mean that you 're both the successors ? 
  seriously , am i the only one that finds countries talking through twitter posts completely ridiculous ? 
  what 's next ? 
  lol tournaments and trash talking ? 
  or you know . . you 'll get blitzkrieged again, 
  and of course . .  the british tried to steal the pieces , but a bulgarian attack prevented their plans . 
  sorry i could n't help . 
  but seriously guys , what 's with you and stealing monuments ? 
  [ bitches please ] ( https://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/harrypotterfanon/images/d/d8/byzantine_eagle_church.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150624165221 ), 
  are you talking about a different trump ? 
  irrelevant !, 
  according to whom ? 
  where the hell is pekin ? 
  is it beijing ? 
  we call it pekino but it 's the first time i see it like that .
