  they were trying to turn germany against the soviets . 
  but when the soviets do the same to buy time they 're the evil ones . 
  the joke lies in the number of times our neighbors violate our airspace but i 'm not even complaining , this is also pretty accurate lol . 
  dude we had like 300 violations by turkish jets in a day . 
  give me my prize, 
  what the hell are you guys doing up there ? 
  and why are n't we in this party too ? 
  we should prepare a list for the past 12 years . 
  it should take us 12 damn years to finish the list = /, 
  turkey is not considered to have the 8th most powerful military , unless you 're talking strictly numbers which is what websites like these are doing and it 's why they 're not really reliable . 
  australia is ranked higher than greece in globalfirepower but if you compare the tanks/aircrafts/navy for example , greece is way higher . 
  these websites take into consideration a shitload of other things even the acreage , and they 're not really reliable to compare militaries . 
  regardless of the rank in these websites , turkey is not as high as you think it is . 
  it 's pretty close equipment-wise again considering the big gap in the two countries ' population gap . 
  having the same number a jets , similar naval power and only 1000 tanks less than a country that 's much bigger and 7 times more populous is not bad . 
  they were still countries that could put up a fight and they did ( serbia , hungary etc ) . 
  that 's why progress to vienna was pretty slow . 
  some battles were critical and europe was barely saved ( vienna , malta etc. ), 
  of course others like lepanto were much easier and decisive . 
  cheats mate , cheats !, 
  as if russia would go against europe and the usa just for turkey . 
  chances are they 'd also declare war on turkey to grap a piece of the pie . 
  greece alone would be enough to be the downfall of turkey in any such endeavour . 
  even if greece lost in the end ( which is a strong possibility due to numbers alone ) , the attrition and casualties dealt to turkey would be immense . 
  they would n't be able to move anywhere else . 
  greece has frightning numbers of tanks/boats/aircraft for its size/population . 
  it 's nearly on par with turkey which has 7 times greece 's population . 
  were n't these moved by the usa a couple of years ago ? 
  i do n't think they 're still in incirlik . 
   launch a couple of nukes at ankara , istanbul etc ? 
  reporting you for friendly fire , we 're neaby you assholes !, 
  motherlaaaaaand !!, 
  not that i 'm insulted or anything or that i disagree that there 's quite a big danger of what you described actually happening . 
  quite the contrary . 
  but let 's not kid ourselves by pretending that this is not already happening as the olympics are currently . 
  there 's a shitload of people in these commissions making a shitload of illegal money already . 
  on one hand i 'm thinking that this should be nice as a symbolic move and all , but on the other i think that it would basically defile the place if you think of all the infrastructure that would have to be built , all the people that would visit and the fact that the olympics today are sadly all about money and advertisment . 
  an awesome song to tell the tale of one of the most tragic battles in human history . 
  iron maiden did a great job there . 
  such a tragic waste of human life . 
  lest we forget `` home , far away from the war , a chance to live again . 
  home , far away . 
  but the war ... no chance to live again '', 
   the summer makes me feel groggy and depressed , to be honest . 
  i 'm happiest when it 's dark and cloudy . 
  :( i found the spy , guys !, 
  ah yes i 'm subscribed to that channel . 
  great source of songs/bands but they 're just so many . 
  i know of naxatras but honestly i 've never listened to their music , it 's time now i guess , 
   iah if you mean [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=funwozjriro ) guys , they seem to be from argentina . 
  very cool album anyway , thanks for your comment i found a new band :d if you were talking about a different band , let me know please . 
  i 'm curious . 
  edit : some cool greek bands that you can check out ( although if you 're into that kind of music you might already know them ) are planet of zeus , 1000mods and if you like something heavier more towards post metal / sludge , i can recommend fields of locust , they 're a great band, 
  i was so glad to see a metal band in there , that even i voted and i despise that joke of a competition . 
  it helped that those guys were pretty cool and the song was damn catchy too . 
  love them !, 
  seen them live 3 times , 
  it 's almost as if that 's exactly why in my comment i said `` i hate it when people use it everywhere without knowing what it means '' . 
  dude think about what you just typed . 
  this means that italy has almost 6 billion bands or that every person is in 97 bands which is retarded . 
  this is exactly why `` per capita '' in this situation is wrong . 
  the right analogy is - as the map says - bands per 1 million people , not per capita . 
  97 bands for every 1 million people , not for every single person . 
  jesus , how did you guys graduate ? 
  lmao so accurate, 
  personally i dislike that as well , for the same reason i dislike the animal acts in circuses . 
  not to mention that it 's dangerous for the human and it can still lead to people getting killed which is the other obvious downside of bullfights . 
  but the fact that at least the animal does n't die in the end is some improvement i guess . 
  no dude , my final point does n't mean that i value one life over the other . 
  it simply means that one occasion gets more publicity than your random every day loss of life and it will trigger more reactions . 
  is one life worth more than the other ? 
  do the circumstances of the first make it more known though ? 
  yes . 
  likewise , pigs that are tortured behind closed doors ( for good reason because if they were made public there would also be an outrage ) in slaughterhouses naturally do not get the same publicity as killing bulls in huge ass stadiums full of cheering people while it 's legal , does . 
  one is different because it done for entertainment and it 's sanctioned . 
  the other is n't , it 's happening in secret . 
  it 's like comparing a standard homicide with pitting humans to kill each other in an arena with the approval of the government and lots of people . 
  in both cases the lives have the same value but the latter will naturally cause a shitload more of a shitstorm . 
  if you ca n't understand the reason , i ca n't help you any more . 
  your original point is non-existent cause you 're basically saying that you ca n't judge or criticize other traditions while there are other examples of the same thing ( which i repeat , is not the same thing but anyway ) in every country . 
  this is retarded cause this can also work the other way around and i can say that we should n't be complaining about pigs to be slaughtered in inhumane ways either , as long as there are bullfights . 
  you 're basically suggesting that we should stop the criticism until we 're ready to somehow end all animal abuse everywhere simultaneously , otherwise we 're making a fool out of ourselves ? 
  okay ... 
  the spanish are being pointed at cause it 's a popular tradition with a shitload of people attending and actually enjoying that shit . 
  obviously it 's not all of them and if we 're to believe our spaniard users above , more and more people criticize it which is a good thing , but still you do n't see people in other countries cheering at the torturing of piglets do you ? 
  and if we did , we would be complaining about them too . 
  what you 're basically saying is that our morality is somehow fake cause we 're criticizing a spectacle that takes place in public sanctioned by local authorities and the government , while we do n't care about animal torturing that happens in random slaughterhouses behind closed doors . 
  this is as stupid as me telling you to calm down with your moral outrage if you condemn a serial killer cause `` people die all the time all over the world so meh ... '' . 
  it 's retarded . 
  which is inhumane and also to be criticized but still not quite on the same level of it being nation-wide accepted and celebrated as sport or entertainment in arenas with tens of thousands of spectators . 
  what do n't you understand and what is your point ? 
  that since once exists so should the other ? 
  both should be stopped . 
  they do n't typically put them in a huge stadium for people to watch them being slaughtered for entertainment , or they set their ears on fire for fun . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  i 'm obviously against the unnecessary torture of animals like pigs when they 're to be slaughtered like we 've seen in some videos where they kill them slowly but at least these are not being done with full publicity and a crowd of people cheering . 
  do n't compare irrelevant things . 
  to my knowledge criticism against bullfights is way more intense than criticism about black pete . 
  that 's the thing . 
  pressure towards the government must be increased at some point in order to end it eventually , if that 's what you actually want .
