  atat\u00fcrk was not bloodthirsty warmonger and without the allies going crazy after ww1 his resistance would n't even have been necessary . 
  well it 's not up to ataturk to decide what 's fair and what 's not . 
  he 's on the losing side . 
  ataturk could also not have compromised with even the slightest land loss or penalty against the ottoman empire so how is that `` ataturk did n't like the treaty so he did n't compromise '' an argument ? 
  if the great powers wanted to enforce the treaty they could have , but the change in the greek government changed things so they went with kemal instead and made a different deal/treaty . 
  just to clarify , i 'm not defending that war here . 
  by modern standards the treaty of sevres was bullshit . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's the same that the ottoman empire had done to the past . 
  total conquest and loss of independence of the opposing side . 
  that war should n't have happened in the first place . 
  greece was used as fodder to enforce a treaty that the great powers did n't really care about enforcing , they got us into another war with turkey and the whole `` megali idea '' thing on greece behalf was greedy but inspired by a desire to liberate parts where rather big number of greeks still lived . 
  there were definitely not 5 million turks living in either greece , serbia or bulgaria . 
  unless you can show me some demographics or death tolls but i guess you ca n't . 
  that was my point . 
  most of the muslims were displaced back to the ottoman empire . 
  in greece most of them went back during the population exchange . 
  if they had been slaughtered , there would have been no muslim population to be exchanged in the first place . 
  ponder on that . 
  also these happened - again - both ways . 
  since you like reading wiki articles about prosecutions , take a look in this one as well https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_christians#persecution_of_orthodox_christians_in_the_ottoman_empire keep in mind that the ottomans/turks are charged with 3 genocides . 
   the ottoman empire did n't get its start until the 14th century . 
  at that point the byzantine empire was already in full decline and only controlled constantinople , a few surrounding areas in anatolia and european possessions . 
  everything south and east of the tiny ottoman domain was ruled by other turkish dynasties . 
  the countryside was completely turkish made up of farmers and nomadic tribes . 
  here 's a map from 1326 : are you stupid or something ? 
  you 're showing me maps that show turks in the turkish anatolia , which means that they had already conquered these grounds . 
  you specifically said `` the greeks were n't a majority in these for more than a thousand years which brought us to around 900 ad and you show me a nap of 1326 ad when the ottomans had already conquered most part of it . 
  here 's a map from 867 which is way closer . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/byzantine_empire#/media/file:byzantineempire867ad4lightpurple.png as you can see anatolia was clearly byzantine . 
  turks started becoming the majority there after they conquered it . 
  just like with constantinople . 
   it made no sense . 
  the greek population was n't the majority . 
  there could have been a compromise where each side got some of the land according tp population size . 
  but you got greedy and lost everything . 
  like i mentioned earlier , more demographics show that the greeks and turks had about the same numbers , and some stats even show the greeks as actually being more than the turks . 
  so if the greeks were n't the majority , the turks were n't either . 
  and no , there could n't have been a compromise since kemal straight out ordered the turks to attack smyrna and kick the greeks out . 
  even if greece had n't been greedy they would have had to attack anyway . 
  yes , the truth is that they did get greedy and were influenced by the megali idea but it 's also the truth that the turks kept attacking greek positions . 
  also we did n't lose everything cause we got greedy . 
  the defeat came when the change in the government came and greece went with the royalists instead of the venizelists . 
  venizelos wanted to to continue the war ( the greek army was almost outside of ankara by that point ) but most greeks were war-weary and against the war . 
  venizelos 's political enemies campaigned saying they 'd stop the war and indeed the won the elections . 
  venizelos was n't even elected in the parliament . 
  the thing is , after the win , the king not only did n't stop the war , but they also replaced a lot of the veteran officers of the old regime with new ones that were completely inexperienced and basically useless which rapidly led us into getting our asses kicked . 
  kemal on the other had was an exceptional leader and strategist so it 's no surprise . 
  but yeah greed ( although obviously bad ) was n't the problem . 
  most say that if venizelos had remained in power , the greek army would have probably entered ankara . 
  the rest is unknown . 
   and yet only ever the turks are admonished . 
  well . . it 's not only them that are admonished , at least not in that particular war . 
  but in the end the atrocities in smyrna kind of echoed louder with people drowning , the city in flames and all so i guess that 's what 's easier to `` stick '' . 
   this makes no sense . 
  i 'm talking about the lands that make up turkey today . 
  the lands given to greeks and armenians was already egregious . 
  but additionally the allies occupied other areas as well . 
  what was to happen to those areas eventually ? 
  based on the example of the italian behavior of giving their possessions in the adriatic to greece they would have again been given to the greeks and armenians with the turkish population getting ethnically cleansed . 
  joining a war is no excuse for a war of extermination . 
  neither germany nor austria were treated that way . 
  yes they lost their imperial possessions and had to make territorial concessions but areas of german settlement were n't just given away nilly willy until both countries were at 20 % of today 's size . 
  an area being egregious is n't the same as changing hands entirely . 
  smyrna would pass to the greeks , the rest of the areas would n't go to britain or france , these countries did n't work that way . 
  they preferred control over the empire . 
  i agree that joining a war is no excuse for a war of extermination although keeping in mind how far the ottoman empire spread and how many countries it completely conquered and enslaved , it 's funny to me how `` unfair '' you think it is that other countries would do the same with the ottomans . 
  if you could you have completely wiped off the map every european country back in the days of the strong empire , but when you lose and you 're about to lose your country to others you 're like `` they 're trying to enslave us and wipe the great turkish nation off the face of the earth '' as if it 's so unfair . . it 's kind of hypocritical . 
  if we were being fair the great powers should have completely dismantled the empire , like you did with the byzantine empire and others . 
  you value independence differently when you fight for it instead of taking it away from others , do n't you ? 
  greece did n't have a country for centuries . 
  think about that . 
  you 're basically lucky to be around . 
  the european countries have stopped many times before completely annihilating you , and let you keep your lands . 
  the ottomans did n't do the same . 
   up to 5 million . 
  killed and expulsed . 
  make fun of it all you like . 
  morality is n't something people like you possess anyway . 
  i am laughing not at the fact that people died but at the fact that you pulled that number out of your ass . 
   the ottomans did n't conquer areas and immediately set on exterminating the original populations . 
  that was how the christian powers operated . 
  did you see an extermination in smyrna ? 
  cause i did n't . 
  sorry mate but the country that 's famous about ethnic cleansings here is turkey . 
  you even bombed kemal ataturk 's birthhouse in thessaloniki just to blame it on the greeks and organize pogroms to hunt and expell the greeks of istanbul . 
  so please , do n't talk about exterminations . 
  it 's your country 's national sport . 
   and todays turkey was already majority turkish when the ottoman empire came around . 
  lol no it was n't . 
  there were no turks living in the byzantine empire until it was conquered gradually . 
   so if populations are equal then that in your mind justifies one side getting the territory and the other being ethnically cleansed . 
  no , i 'm replying to your comment about them not being a majority , and explaining why an area with such a numerous greek population made sense that would be given to greece . 
  again , there was no ethnic cleansing . 
  every report i 've seen does n't talk about more than 1000 dead turks there and many of these were irregulars that showed resistance during the landing . 
  do you know how many thousand turks lived in smyrna ? 
  around 160.000 . 
  if there was an ethnic cleansing we 'd be talking about a shitload more dead turks . 
  obviously citizens also died but the same happened with greek citizens . 
  ethnic violence and ethnic cleansing are two different things . 
   turkish atrocities did n't happen until the greek army had begun being pushed back .
