  if you go to a political conversation what makes you think that there should be any sort of praising . 
  about what exactly ? 
  our country 's recent brilliant political maneuvering and our system 's genious establishment ? 
  when i hear in the news about shopkeepers that threaten or even beat up the people that are sent for tax inspection and nothing happens , or we even have videos of bribes in order to turn a blind eye to various offenses even after all the shit that the country has gone through exactly because of illegalities like these , it does make me feel like i 'm living in a third world country that 's destined for failure . 
  feel free to have the illusion that you live in switzerland but do n't expect others to join you in thinking that things will change by praising our country as it is today . 
  change comes from criticism , not from saying `` good job '' . 
  the guy 's a prison escape legend . 
  he got out of jail with a helicopter that casually landed , picked him up and then took off . 
  [ there 's a video too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyrz9x0fg0k ), 
  they hate the mentality of what we call `` neoellinas '' and the negatives that go with it . 
  do n't worry there , has been and there still is a lot of things we like to praise and brag about our country , we wo n't run short . 
  some self-criticism and self-loathing on things that deserve it wo n't hurt us . 
   your attitude makes this country so much worse hating the system that has made the entire country the laughing stock of europe and is responsible for our current situation is making us worse ? 
  okay mate . 
  these people do n't hate the country as in the land etc. 
  they hate the shitty traits that are ruining us . 
   feel the less european i think he 's talking about greece . 
  look at the chart . 
  it should be pointed out that feeling european and feeling like a eu citizen are two very different things . 
  it 's a technicality since i know that you probably meant the latter but yeah . 
  the greeks feel very european . 
  it 's just that the eu thing has been a bit abiguous lately . 
  interesting i did n't know that . 
  we have some chinese shops in downtown athens and there were plans a few years back for the development of a mini chinatown in the markopoulo area but i have no clue how that went/is going . 
  generally i would n't say many chinese live in athens to my knowledge . 
  well yeah looking for `` undilluted blood '' today is enteirely unrealistic especially when we 're talking about a group of people that have existed for millenia , but the guy actually claims that the ancient greeks vanished entirely in the middle ages so yeah . . 
  i ca n't judge since i 'm not a scholar or anything but it does sound silly . 
  partly true , and i say partly cause while you do typically encounter such comments in those stupid yt videos or from some morons in here , there have actually been some theories from more `` serious '' scholars like fallmerayer . 
  his quote :  the race of the hellenes has been wiped out in europe . 
  physical beauty , intellectual brilliance , innate harmony and simplicity , art , competition , city , village , the splendour of column and temple -- indeed , even the name has disappeared from the surface of the greek continent ... not the slightest drop of undiluted hellenic blood flows in the veins of the christian population of present-day greece . 
  his views are controversial of course but yeah , it 's not your typical nationalistic yt troll . 
  oh yeah always taking photos of every damn thing . 
  you know how the chinese love touristic/historical sites so i 'd say italy is a solid choice, 
  go home king robert , you 're drunk, 
  maybe it 's cause you typed the `` s '' before the slash lol . 
  [ i feel ya mahn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psc7fzj6u24 ) being interested in history is not the most common thing around . 
  bloody peasants . . 
  not to mention that a lot of people were going on with the `` the modern greeks are not connected to the ancient greeks , they come from slavs and arabs '' bullshit , so i guess some verification is useful . 
  i 'm so disappointed :( it would have been awesome if it was legit . 
  think of all the freckless < 3, 
  linear a ( minoans ) remains undeciphered . 
  linear b ( mycenaeans ) has been deciphered . 
  you can compare the two cases at least as far as the mentality that you used goes . 
  i did n't say that you ca n't do it , i just said that it does n't work that way at least not if you want to be . . legit ? 
  unilatera declarations of whether you owe or not to someone do n't have any merit . 
  perhaps the other party will not be willing to force you , but that does n't mean that you 're not wrong right ? 
  that might be what has happened in this case but it does n't have any legal standing , that 's my point . 
  i was intrigued by the `` king of the offensive one-liners '' reference so i clicked on the link and . . dayum . . the guy fully deserves the above title . 
  damn , i deserve some self-flaggelation . 
  i totally read that as minas tirith . 
  you 're right , it was a good analogy with minas ithil . 
   germany decided that all matters concerning world war ii , including further reparations , are closed . 
  that 's something that has to be agreed with the other party , not unilaterraly decided . 
  greece can decide today that all matters concerning the greek debt is closed but that does n't really have any merit , does it ? 
  i 'm not supporting the reparations demands here but i am going to point out that your logic is flawed . 
  if that was the case then no debt would last for more than 50 years . 
  for example , all greece would have to do is wait 40 years till the politicians that signed the loans and memorandums are dead and then the debts would automatically be erased cause `` the guys that signed them are now dead , it 's not my fault , i do n't owe anything '' . 
  it does n't quite work that way i 'm afraid . 
  i think it would match the siege of vienna more , with the rohirrim matching the hussars charge that broke the siege and all . 
  luis hamilton is british !, 
  i kind of have that too but i do n't think that 's the case cause when i tried pizza in rome i was largely unimpressed , it seemed the same with a few pizza places over here in athens ( inb4 an italian mob crucifies me for that comment ) . 
  when i tried that ice cream shop though ( i tried searching for it and it looks like it was gelateria frigidarium ) , i was like holy shit . 
  no idea what they do with it but i tried it when i was in rome and i was in love . 
  not sure what it was , it just tasted great . 
  great job op , it looks neat !, 
  great job op , it looks neat !, 
  oh lmao yeah i just got it . 
  yeah that `` present-day humans '' probably needs some clarification . 
  ... what are you on about ? 
  how is that undrmining anything in the book ? 
  i love these books to bits . 
  they ` te not . 
  they took samples of cretans due to their location , to compare with the minoan samples . 
  mainlanders would be closer to the mycenaeans so it makes sense that if you want to compare continuity with the minoans you should take a few samples from the same area . 
  lol @ only two samples though . 
  chill it 's an imaginary spin off for shits and giggles . 
  no one 's forcing anything . 
  looks about right, 
  turkey 's location and shape would probably make them mordor ( it has the roughly same rectangular shape ) . 
  plus they 're many and angry :p, 
  looks like we picked the right guy then . 
  hah , no i did n't !, 
  i usually get the `` are you a nazi ?!? '', 
  remark about my nick . 
  this is new and informative xd, 
  the guy is basically a new world war waiting to happen . 
  i 'd throw thomas jefferson in there too . 
   oh , come on . 
  there is both , genetic and linguistic . 
   macedonians on average are slightly more `` diluted '' and they switched the language . 
  that 's all . 
  who supports that exactly ? 
  you can claim that and i can claim that the macedonians that descend from the ancient tribe are the ones that stayed in greece and that the ones in fyrom are a different people ( slavs ) and that 's why they have the different language . 
  occam 's razor . 
  even if some people with that ancestry live in fyrom which is possible , it does n't give fyrom the right to claim that name . 
  i bet that you can find people in the netherlands that can trace their ancestry back to the alemanni but it does n't give the right to the netherlands to claim the name `` germany '' . 
  or there are turks that have greek dna . 
  does it mean that turkey can name itself `` greece '' based on these samples ? 
  they 're in their majority a different country . 
  the bulk of the country is n't macedonian , it 's slavic .
