  for some reason you choose to ignore that , and the fact that the name 's being used for nationalistic reasons and creates a tie to northern greece and its history , and you argue for the arguments sake . 
  i 'm sure that you acknowledge what fyrom 's doing but for your own unknown reasons you simply ignore it . 
  a geographical distinctive would for the most part solve the issue but fyrom was n't co-operating there . 
  cuprus was one before it was split . 
  and when it was split the northern part was named '' ** northern ** cyprus '' ( officially the turkish republic of northern cyprus - which btw nullifies your earlier comment that `` there 's no reason for a `` northern '' in the name since there is no sovereign country with `` southern '' . 
  well there 's no `` southern cyprus '' either and look at that . 
  northern cyprus got a geographically distinctive just to separate it from cyprus . 
  not so international standards after all huh ? 
  greece is one country . 
  the other hellenic country gained its independence and used a different name so this example is not only irrelevant but is actually working against the point you 're trying to make . 
   artificial difference created after wwii . 
  and our difference with the `` macedonians '' is being created now  why are you complaining about it ? 
   geographically it 's correct and up to the standards of international community . 
  what standards are these ? 
   that 's just a very silly assumption . 
  and that 's a very simple and baseless dismissal . 
  explain to me why it 's a silly assumption please ? 
   there 's no point to that name . 
  there 's no sovereign country in the world called `` southern macedonia '' or even `` macedonia no , there is a wider area and the name `` northern macedonia '' would clearly indicate that it 's a republic situated on the north of the wider area bearing that name . 
  good for belgium for dealing with that in this way . 
  although i doubt that they 'd have much to lose from giving away luxemburg 's name and history . 
  greece however , would like to not do the same to our neighbors when its clear that they 're using the name for nationalistic purposes . 
  germany is not the only germanic * state . 
  it is however the only state with `` germans '' as its people . 
  there 's a difference . 
  croatia contains dalmatia . 
  would the croats be ok with the bosnians renaming their country to dalmatia ? 
  would the albanians be ok with fyrom renaming itself to illyria ? 
  would the romanians be ok with hungary taking the name transylvania like i said above ? 
  i 'm not interested in other countries frankly . 
  perhaps poland would be ok with doing that but greece is n't ok with handing a huge part of its history to a country that has no connection with it . 
  like i explained above , the name as it is now is wrong both historically and geographically, 
  yes because the myth could be abandoned and then they could start with it again . 
  would you have a problem with a name like northern macedonia which is also geographically correct ? 
  i answered you about that on my other comment . 
  other than the geographical region , `` macedonia '' is also the name of an ancient greek kingdom and `` macedonians '' were its people . 
   so is it about the name , or their stupid nationalism ? 
  those are clearly two separate issues butgreeks seem to think they 're one and the same . 
  fyrom seems to think it 's the same thing too , not just the greeks . 
  since they 've built a shitload of statues of alexander and they promote the idea that they 're his heirs . 
  so yeah . . there 's a problem here . 
   just because the government is retarded and claims greek history does n't mean there 's anything wrong witht the name . 
  read your sentence again and again until you spot what 's wrong with it . 
  the very fact that the name allows them to claim greek history does cause a big problem . 
  what 's to stop them from using the name to claim something that goes beyond the area , aka the ancient macedonian kingdom and its history . 
  they already renamed their airport to alexander the great so clearly , they 're not using it only in the geographical sense . 
  europe is the name of the wider area in which greece is as well . 
  should greece change its name to europe ? 
  it 's not as simple as you make it sound . 
  the area of macedonia is shared by 4 countries so at the very least , it should have a distinctive like `` norther macedonia '' . 
  being called just `` macedonia '' is wrong both geographically and because it automatically ties them with the ancient kingdom and people that bore exactly that name . 
  no problem, 
  `` coping '' a culture or being inspired by it is very different than usurping one 's history . 
  the romans/italians never claimed that phyrrus or miltiades were romans . 
  the fact that the romans were inspired so much by greek culture is not a bad thing . 
  the went beyond that and had many breakthroughs of their own , creating an amazing civilization even if it was heavily based on the greek one . 
  at least they admired the greek civilization and embraced it , they did n't seek to copy it and then erase it ( well maybe during the christian era with all the pagan witch hunt but that 's different ) . 
  i see no problems with the aeneid . 
  the trojans were n't really considered greek anyway , although they were close . 
  and for all we know , the whole trojan war thing could be a myth . 
  this is but one story about the founding of rome . 
  it 's not the only one . 
  you can read more about it here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/founding_of_rome besides even if that was the case and the romans did descend from aeneas , it does n't take anything away from greek history . 
  yeah no one cares about that , unless the thing starts getting out of hand . 
  it 's not an issue of whether or not they can hurt us . 
  we 'd be able to deal with them easily , yes , but that does n't make it any less of a problem . 
  not quite cause at least the name macedonia , is also being used for the wider geographic area . 
  this is what 's causing all the confusion . 
  one could use it in a geographical sense but it would also at the same time imply that it 's the same country with the ancient greek kingdom which is false . 
  `` albania '' however is only the name of the country , not the wider region . 
  so a name like `` east albania '' would make even less sense . 
  if it was `` east illyria '' it could make some sense cause illyria like macedonia are both wider areas . 
  but in the same way , if you called the people from fyrom illyrians it would trigger the albanians and rightfully so cause the slavs came to this area much later than the illyrians which were the albanians ' ancestors . 
  generally , using a name that 's already being used by another country , or the name of a civilization that existed before you , is a bad idea . 
  when did that happen ? 
  when the romans did what ? 
  sorry i did n't get your point . 
  it would still be wrong so no . 
  like it was mentioned above , republic of northern macedonia was suggested by greece since it has a geographical distinction but it was rejected . 
  apparently fyrom 's nationalists wanted to have the ability to tie themselves with the ancient macedonians . 
  if greece allows chunks of its history to be usurped by other countries , even if it does reach that glory it wo n't be `` her former glory '' anymore . 
  that 's not the point . 
  like he said , when everyone calls them macedonians , and they themselves start promoting the propaganda building statues and naming their airport `` alexander the great '' ( younger ) people will just accept that these are actual descendants of the ancient macedonians and greece will have automatically lost a big part of its history . 
  for what ? 
  because fyrom is n't an existential or territorial threat to greece ? 
  sorry but that 's even worse . 
  why would we give away our history and allow future generations to be misinformed out of charity to a country that is n't a threat ? 
   a lot of hungarians say that , unfortunately . 
  there has always been tension over that . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why i said it . 
  now imagine the entire world start agreeing with them and calling them transylvania . 
  that 's what 's happening with fyrom . 
  i could be like `` yeah man but everyone 's calling hungary transylvania now cause it 's not a big issue to us '' but it would still be an issue to romania and it would be wrong anyway . 
  that was my point . 
  people might not care about the name but wrong is a wrong and well . . it affects greece . 
  well it is yeah . 
  i was just saying that kostantiniye is just how the turks called it . 
  other countries change the name to fit their language but it 's still the same name . 
  the greeks do n't call athens `` athens '' but `` athina '' .
