  let 's cut the bullshit and be a bit objective shall we ? 
  can the japanese get any more awesome ? 
  lol pretty accurate descriptions here tonight xd cheers !, 
  yeah i did n't know of that meme but knowing all the `` oyk '' stratokavlous is it really so surprising to you that i ca n't be sure if you 're joking or not ? 
  pretty sure we 'd fight over who would get the kaiju on their side . 
  as long as they do n't cause trouble like turkey , i 'm good . 
  disclaimer : we refuse to assume any responsibility for them . 
  yeah i mean we 're not in bad terms with anyone . 
  we 're close with serbia and a bit less so with bulgaria but still good , and normal with the others . 
  there 's no rivalry with them . 
  cringe mate . . cringe . . 
  yeah but we 're on good terms with the slavic countries for the most part and even if we were n't i do n't think their navies are a threat . 
  it 's just turkey . 
  a lot of them are old but they 're being modernized and updated so they 're still pretty decent . 
  basically the arms race between turkey and greece began after the turkish invasion of cyprus . 
  there was a lot of money being poured there in the past decades . 
  most of the jets are f-16 's a lot of the modernized . 
  there are some mirage 2000 's and old phantom f ' 4s but these are about to slowly start retiring . 
  greece was looking for a newer generation fighter and there were talks about the eurofighter and even saab 's gripen but we went with upgrading some f-16 's to block 60 . 
  god forbid we displease the americans  now that the turks are getting f-35 's there are talks about getting a new aircraft . 
  good luck finding the money for that . . 
  germoneeeeyyyyy !!, 
  i commented because of the `` they do n't listen '' part . 
  we do n't do it out of stubbornness or because we like to spend when there 's no real reason to ( although the stereotypes would imply otherwise :p ) . 
  turkey keeps claiming islands in the aegean , their leaders are making statements disputing the treaty of sevres , and they even plainly threatened with a `` warm episode '' . 
  last time that happened we almost got to war over 2 tiny goat herding rocks and they shot down one of our helicopters . 
  btw i 'm confident that more allies would rush to sweden 's help in the case of an attack , than greece 's , despite the fact that we 're in nato . 
  anyway , sorry about the tone but it really is a weird neighborhood down here and with recent events it 's only getting uglier . 
  i 'm really distrustful when it comes to help from the outside on a military matter especially when turkey is also a part of nato . 
  european countries were asked to help bail greece out and they did but with a lot of complains ( which is totally understood ) but some countries were pretty much straight out against it and would rather see greece exit the eurozone and go bankrupt . 
  now imagine those governments facing a decision that would bring them in war with turkey ( nato 's 2nd largest army ) for the sake of greece . 
  i bet a lot would n't do it . 
  in my experience , interests play a huge role and most countries would be hesitant to compromise their interests , let alone go in war . 
  there would most likely be a period of warnings , talks , negotiations while turkey is performing a full scale invasion . 
  by the time the talks are done a possibly large part of greece might have been lost and then we 'd start talks and negotiations about how much of our country we 'll be allowed to get back . 
  if any . 
  i repeat . . 40 % of cyprus is still under illegal occupation . 
  not only it was invaded , it was also settled . 
  turkey brought in thousands of settlers from mainland turkey to live in cyprus ( a clear violation of the geneva convention ) during the war , so that they will have to keep that land after the war was over and it worked . 
  turkey is a very unstable and aggressive `` ally '' with a habit of disputing sovereignty and bullying neighbors into denouncing their rights as sovereign states . 
  they 're even threatening cyprus with warships about starting researches for oil on their own territorial waters . 
  so yeah . . i think we 're fine with our budget atm . 
  if turkey changes for the best we might reconsider . 
  but for now if you have n't noticed they 're changing for the worse and we 're right next door . 
  greece is kind of a peculiar case on the whole eastern / western europe thing . 
  it 's usually excluded from the east due to its differentiation from slavic countries that mostly make up the eastern part of europe and it 's adherence to the west as opposed to the eastern sphere of influence of the ussr . 
  generally greece is mot commonly and more accurately placed in southern europe but when we talk about western or eastern , it 's typically included in the western group . 
  if you take a look at the wikipedia link for `` eastern europe '' you 'll see that : `` greece is a rather unusual case and may be included , variously , in western , southeastern or southern europe . '', 
  `` greece 's status as the cradle of western civilization and an integral part of the western world in the political , cultural and economic spheres has led to it being nearly always classified as belonging not to eastern , but to southern or western europe '', 
  either of the two would be pretty convenient for turkey anyway . 
  wan na switch places with greece mate ? 
  we get to come to scandinavia surrounded by allies , and you get to come to the balkans right next to turkey . 
  i 'm curious to see how you 'll defend the aegean from a country that claims more islands and sea every year , with your 120 tanks and 200 aircraft . 
   other european countries and probably america will put a stop to it . 
  yeah right . 
  like they put an end to it when turkey invaded cyprus . 
  i mean sure , the war ended but cyprus is missing 40 % of it 's land even today . . turkey is still illegally occupying almost half the soil of a eu memeber . 
  we 're not interested in waiting for the usa or the eu with its warnings to stop turkey and lose half our country in the process , thanks . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  they suffered a lot in the euro crisis ? 
  greece is spending 2,4 % . 
  greece !!!, 
  the country that is probably going to be stuck in crisis for the next 50 years the way this is going . 
  `` pay up assholes !!! '', 
  - greece sorry , i 've wanted a chance to say this for quite a while now :p, 
  they better not sink our shit again . 
  last time did n't go well !, 
  they could have used kratos but he 's also greek so there really is no hope for them . 
  lol at first i did n't realise it was jumping . 
  i thought germany had greece in the keep and torturing it and greece was like `` please !!, 
  i ca n't pay anymore !, 
  i laughed so hard :'), 
  can we join in ? 
  we 're stuck alone in the balkans with all the weird slavs = /, 
  the things civilization/culture does , 
  yeah the usa flag has 50 communist symbols on it too . . the star is such a commie symbol . . 
  your entire argument is based on the accusation that there was a plan of extermination against the turks from the christian nations side . 
  this is entire unbased . 
  so far you have provided literally nothing that supports your claim , you merely keep saying that `` it 's the truth '' without explaining how or why . 
  the closest you came was a wiki article about prosecutions against muslims which says nothing because i showed you an exactly same article about prosecutions of christians from the ottoman side . 
  unless you find some serious research that supports your claim , everything else you say here is void and has been countered above . 
  enlighten me, 
  i wo n't bother debating on the whole `` extermination '' thing again . 
  there was no such case , you have nothing to support such claims . 
  if the allies wanted you exterminated , you 'd be exterminated . 
  if anything the great powers spared the ottoman empire turning it into turkey . 
  you posted a link about prosecutions of muslims and i posted a link about prosecutions of christians . 
  your only counter argument was `` yes but this was before that '' which is n't even accurate cause the link i posted talks about 1800 + as well . 
  it 's simple . 
  if the turks were being systematically `` exterminated '' in europe , we 'd be talking about a witch hunt and a genocide . 
  5 million deaths is a huge number . 
  yes no one else is mentioning of the extermination of 5 millions turks other than you . 
  i guess you have to counter-balance the genocide accusations somehow . 
  about that there are no demographics of the greeks being a majority in the areas given to them , you 're wrong . 
  `` according to the u.s. 
  ambassador to the ottoman empire at the time , henry morgenthau , more than half of smyrna 's population was greek . 
  [ 27 ] the american consul general in smyrna at the time , george horton , wrote that before the fire there were 400,000 people living in the city of smyrna , of whom 165,000 were turks , 150,000 were greeks , 25,000 were jews , 25,000 were armenians , and 20,000 were foreigners '' most demographics show that they were close to 50-50 and some reports mention the turks as a majority and some mention the greeks as a majority , both with a slight advantage . 
  the area was given to greece and the army landed peacefully , not counting some fights with irregulars . 
   yes obviously there could n't be a compromise after how the greek army behaved itself and the treaty of sevres . 
  i 'm talking about a compromise prior to that .
