  well . . greece has the 2nd highest defence spending ( by percentage ) in nato , right after the usa . 
  above germany , the uk , france or turkey ( which fail to even hit the 2 % that is required for nato members , except for the uk ) . 
  in a period where greece is basically crippled economically , its defence spendings actually increased last year . 
  and the even funnier part is that this is happening exactly because turkey is seen as a threat more and more lately and allowed to even dispute the sovereignty of 130 islands in the aegean sea while shitting on treaties in which turkey denounces all claims on these island groups . 
  `` turkey serves our interests '' is an honest and true statement but do n't go all romantic by saying something silly romantic like `` the goal of nato is to guard the sovereignty of its members '' cause the largest member of nato puts interests above that . 
  please go in the trouble of finding for me how large that `` some part '' that wants to return home actually is . 
  is it even a double digit ? 
  the problem here is that the majority of refugees coming to greece and turkey come from the sea in sinking boats . 
  whether they come from africa , australia or venus is irrelevant when they 're in danger in the water , these countries have to take them in . 
  unless you enjoy the sight of drowned children all over the mediterranean . 
  that 's how it has always been , just not in the numbers that we 're seeing lately . 
   it 's being used as a loophole . 
  your cheap sarcasm is not a counterargumen loopholes exist in a shitload of rules/things . 
  what you 're suggesting is much worse and people also explained why . 
   illegal border crossers = civillians ? 
  actually yes it is . 
  `` a person who is not a member of the military or of a police or firefighting force '' . 
  unless they 're carrying ak 's they 're very much civilians . 
   you clearly appeal not to logic but to emotions . 
  as opposed to your `` logic '' of `` shoot them , they 're not our civilians , who cares ? '', 
  how is that logic ? 
  this also causes a shitload of problems . 
   go try to illegally cross a lybian or turkish border and see what happens . 
  this also very well may be the last thing you would see . 
  you could have also mentioned me trying to cross a n korean border as an example but how would that make your argument any better ? 
  are you saying that just cause i could have been caused by a country with questionable border policies , it 's only reasonable that we should be doing the same ? 
  why do n't you move to syria if you agree with their border policy ? 
  why do n't you go to north korea actually ? 
  you probably wo n't find a more secluded and tight-bordered country around . 
   there 's a ton of peaceful countries around syria : jordan , lebanon , israel , turkey ; yet those poor war fleeing boo-hoos wo n't stop until they reach germany . 
  and why is that do you think ? 
  well most demographics i 've seen show that syrians are the majority so if your logic is to block/send back/let die the majority which is people that actually do come from a war torn country , to block an amount of people that do not , then something 's really fucked up with your logic mate . 
  let alone your morals . . but since you do n't like emotions , yes your logic is also horribly flawed here . 
  we 'll be name-buddies !, 
  yes i mean every tension problem in the world could be solved as easily as that . 
  next we invite n korea , then china , then isis and we 're all a happy company of war buddies with no other differences , conflict of interests etc. 
  why did n't anyone else think of this before ? 
  and how does the usa respond to constant turkish violations of greek airspace ? 
  everytime they have been asked to make a statement about istanbility in relationships between two allied states caused by turkey 's policy , the usa officials have only made some extremelly vague - bordering irrelevant - statements about the need of cooperation before they hastily change the subject to something that actually is entirely irrelevant . 
  on one hand you 're so adamant about turkey 's right to shoot down a russian plane that violated airspace for 13 seconds and when turkey violates greek airspace more than 400 times in one day your answer is `` if greece does that , turkey will do the same blah blah . . '', 
  it 's all about whether you 're being seen more as an asset rather than a liability . 
  lately turkey seems to be heading straight for the latter . 
  if this continues do n't be surprised if being kicked out of the alliance starts getting discussed on a more serious manner . 
  they do n't have control over their armed forces . 
  ships and helicopters went missing . 
  officers and soldiers serving in europe in nato refuse to go back to turkey . 
  a large chuck of their military would probably defect to greece or other countries . 
  not to mention the other internal issues that would most likely come up with the kurds and other minorities . 
  turkey is too unstable to go in any kind of serious war atm . 
  if a member strongly does n't want something , you ca n't bypass it . 
  if the other members think that this is not in their interestes , they can begin procedures to remove that country from the alliance but other than that , a member has the right to block something . 
   article 146 does us no good , nowadays it 's just a loophole for outsiders to get into europe . 
  i agree that we should abide by it while it 's still in force , but it needs to be revised . 
  sure . 
  let 's revise it cause you think so . 
  someone inform the un . 
  also tell them that war crime penalties should be lifted as well and mass killing civilians is allowed now cause like you stated in your previous comment `` they 're not our civilians - it 's not our problem '' , right ? 
  i wonder why we did n't have your opinions in mind when we were signing the traties . 
  the world does sound like a much better place when you do n't give a fuck about people in danger . 
   they 've put themselves in danger the moment they decided to cross the mediterranean on an inflatable boat like a lot of immigrants do . 
  perhaps queen mary ii was n't available for a cruise at that time and they 're too picky to go with seadream ii . 
  plus you know how hipsters are these days ... oh what is that ? 
  they 're trying to escape a war with any means possible ? 
  nonsense . . / s, 
   illegal immigrants are free to leave back home from there why would they leave in the first place if they wanted to go back home ? 
  what are you on about ? 
   once the word is out that if you try to migrate illegally to europe you will be stuck on an island for months or even years , the flow of boats will stop magically . 
  no they wo n't . 
  they 'd rather do that than get bombed to oblivion . 
  strange how survival instincts work huh ? 
  also . . are you willing to have them stay in your country/town for months or years or do you automatically assume that this burden should only fall on italy and greece while you sit there and type about it on reddit ? 
  if so , we 'll be waiting for the other european countries to open the balkan routes and take in the numbers they 're supposed to take in . 
  someone notify hungary . 
  your comparisson is as stupid as saying that feeding or giving money to a homeless person on the street equals encouraging free wages to every stranger in the world . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's a wave of refugees from a country in war . 
  it 's not freely opening every border you have from everyone . 
  on the other hand , that does n't mean that we should be licking the boots of a dictatoship and a constant source of instability in the region because they have a sizeable army . 
  if that 's the case why do n't we also invite russia ? 
  they 're best buddies lately anyway if you have n't noticed so it 's not like it would make much difference . 
  `` the goal of nato is to guard the sovereignty of its members . '', 
  of course this is summarily ignored when a nato member like turkey violates another member 's airspace a few hundred times in the same day and openly claims said member 's aegean islands , cause you know . . ~ ~ double standard interests ~ ~ `` nato is a military alliance that defends its members '' xd, 
  respect . 
  they could have taken a bribe or looked the other way to stay safe . 
  instead they chose to remain loyal to their duty and it cost them their life and the lives of their loved ones . 
  some might say that it was n't worth risking their lives but sometimes you just have to do what is right . 
  not only they getting it back , they 're also making an income out of it ( the government and the banks ) . 
  plus i doubt the german citizen has lost money in any way . 
  i 'm not a businessman or relevant to economics but 3 days for that does n't sound so irrational . 
  i guess there must be a process or checks for your taxing details etc ? 
  then again i live in greece so maybe i 'm just used in weird procedures that take longer than in other countries lol . 
  while it 's true that greece needs hardcore reformations on its internals and the mentality in general , it also needs a different approach from europe . 
  what 's happening right now with schauble is ridiculous . 
  greece agreed to new measures and he 's still not satisfied . 
  i guess if we agree to sell half the country and give away the other hald he 'll be like `` that 'll do . . for now . . '' . 
  apart from greece 's faults in all this , the entire thing is being grossly mismanaged by our partners as well . 
  no , it had elections cause samaras was completely unable to rival tsipras and lost 3 times . 
  the elections nd had only meant that they were looking for a new figurehead , not that they needed a different course from past years . 
  nothing will ever change with these two parties , pasok and nd . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're talking about,
