   the country needs to learn a hard lesson . 
  yes apparently our overwhelming debt , almost 50 % unemployment , the market being in ruins and pensioners being barely able to pay their electricity bill is not a hard lesson enough for the country . 
  we 're having a party down here mate , come join us !, 
   merkel got compared to hitler and germany to nazi germany it 's almost as if that 's expected when nearly all your newspapers and your people kept repeating the `` lazy greeks '' stereotype . 
  austerity did ruin greece even further . 
  the country ca n't repay you when 50 % of the people have jobs , businesses close every day , pensioners that got 500 euros now get 300 and on top of that the debt is getting even bigger . 
  the greeks were complaining because the measures would n't improve the economy , it would ruin it and eternalize an already overwhelming debt . 
   the greeks elected an inexperienced and idealistic socialist government when it was time to negotiate the crisis . 
  on one hand it 's the stupid greek people 's fault for electing the same ol' corrupted governments . 
  then when these governments get a nice 3 , something % in the elections barely staying in the parliament as punishment and we elect the only other half-decent alternative ( unless you wanted the ultranationalists or the communist party ) , it 's once again the greeks ' fault for electing an inexperienced and idealistic socialist government . 
  it 's like you just ca n't please anyone today . 
  yeah it 's a bit worrisome , knowing turkey and the `` episodes '' they like to create . 
  worst thing is that it 'll probably make us follow up and go into another equipping race for a new fighter despite the whole economic crisis thing . 
  not even sure what we 'd pick . 
  there have been talks about the f-35 but it is too expensive and the only other candidate i can think of is the typhoon unless a new european project comes up but that 's not happening soon it seems . 
  upgrading the f-16 's has been good so far , they 're a great platform for that but it can only go so far . 
  those wankers stole our beta !, 
  . . kind of . 
  if germany gets the f-35 they can gib us their tornados . 
  for free cause we 're greece < 3 :p, 
  like pyrrhus said : `` one more victory like that and we 're done for '', 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would you ban any language during recess , be it just finnish or others too . 
  wtf is wrong with people ? 
  who cares what language anyone speaks during the recess ? 
  i can understand why that would be a rule during class but recess ? 
  what the shit ? 
  fighting ad hominem with whataboutism . . yup . . sounds like reddit alright . 
  no , apparently we have to be stuck in the 1100 's forever . 
  the holy books say so . 
  i understand , i really ca n't say what would have happened , i do n't think any of us ca n't say . 
  i get the feeling that eam would n't willingly side with stalin especially when greece was to be under the western sphere of influence . 
  making an approach to the east block could cause a lot of trouble . 
  i 'm not trying to say what would have happened , just that the fact that the british turned on their former allies in order to impose their own `` puppet '' regime with the king and make sure they 'll have greece under control after the war , is was a treacherous move after all the fights they had given together against the nazis . 
  even if the country chose to turn to stalin ( which i doubt would ever happen ) , if it was via legit ways , should n't it be allowed to do it ? 
  it 's not like back then in 1946 we had seen what being a country under stalin 's regime meant exactly , not yet . 
  so a forceful intervention by britain seems just wrong to me , regardless of what the outcome would have been . 
  unless a dictatorship or something was imposed , but back then there was no such thing . 
  if anything eam de facto held the control after the country 's liberation and held elections while it was the british that wanted to restore the king which very few people in greece even wanted . 
  techpriest blessing the destroyer 's machine spirit . 
  praise the omnissiah !, 
  i know , i know , i did n't think it throught at the time really, 
  6 field guns again 300 tanks and 657 mortars + hozitzers . 
  wow . 
  that gives them a solid chance i 'd say ^ ^ / s. 
  how much do you think a concrete bunker would do for you if 600 artillery fired at you ? 
  the point is it 's a fucked up battle where you see the numbers and say `` shit they 'll last barely 5 minutes '' and the outcome surprises you . 
  anyway we do n't need to repeat ourselves any further . 
  we 've both analysed our views on this . 
  there were 37.500 serbians outside of srebrenica ? 
  how is that different than other similar battles in which one side is numerically superior ? 
  one of the most useless , wasteful battles in human history . 
  hundreds of thousands dead over nothing but a mud field . 
  tragic waste of human life . 
  i had n't thought of the last scenario really but still i 'm not buying that the dutchbat did n't know about the atrocities happening by mladic 's forces . 
  they were fighting in the same war and that massacre was n't the first that took place . 
  i 'm spitballing here but i bet there have been various reports about what was happening to the bosniaks . 
  no one knows what they would have done in that case my friend . 
  but that does n't erase the fact that we all know what 's expeced of them . 
  during the battle of wizna the polish held off against vasty superior german troops ( roughly a 60:1 analogy ) including 350 tanks and 657 mortars and howitzers . 
  the polish only had mg 's and 2 anti-tank rifles . 
  they held off for 3 days . 
  how ? 
  i do n't know but they did . 
  they were overrun in the end but they held off against that for 3 days in a pretty confined space . 
  you never know how a battle might go unless you actually fight it . 
  i 'm not saying that this is what would have happened in our case but that nothing 's predetermined . 
  i do n't demand anyone 's death . 
  i 'm saying that it 's expected from soldiers to fight for civilians when they 're supposed to protect them , and dying - as absurd as it might seem to you - is a given risk in a soldier 's line of work . 
  i accept the aid part but peace keeping often requires them to engage in actual battle . 
  kind of like engaging in dangerous situations , shooting bad guys etc are part of a police officer 's job . 
  had i been in a similar position i would have fought or i would n't have . 
  either action would have its consequences . 
  had i chosen to run , i would also have accepted what that brings with it . 
  but since we 're being honest , between the two of us the one with the higher chances of actually fighting is me , since i actually do believe that this is a soldier 's duty when he 's supposed to protect civilians . 
  apparently you only believe that a solder should fight only when he has the advantage so i understand why this notion might be strange to you . 
  i just hope that your point of view is n't shared by the majority of the dutch army . 
  i have read your comments . 
  out difference is that i also blame the soldiers although on a smaller scale . 
  you know that orders are n't `` everything '' for a soldier right ? 
  as important as they might be , sometimes soldiers are actually expected to disobey orders . 
  for example when these orders are straight our on the lunatic side , they lead to war crimes etc. 
  not saying that this was the case , again it was an example to show that orders do n't always excuse the soldiers ' actions . 
  the soldiers might follow a questionable order but part of the burden may also be on them . 
  to quote you my other comment and end it here :  i actually sympathize with the dutchbat for being put in that place by command , but in the end , surrendering the civilians makes all the difference for me . 
  i do n't know if that makes sense . 
  had it been a situation only between two armies with no civilians in the way and the one army chose to retreat because they were outnumbered it would have been perfectly excused but in this case there were hundreds of civilians in the way that they had to protect so even though i undertstand their bad situation , i ca n't help but criticize it , being fully aware that i 'm doing that from the safety of my desk . 
  a lot of people disagree and this will be downvoted to oblivion but i just happen to believe that fighting for civilians especially when the odds are grim is the most noble thing a soldier/army can do . 
  you do realise that this is retarded right ? 
  an army is supposed to pull through when the situation demands blood , not just sit there looking like an army and retreating saying `` it 's not muh fight '' when things go south . 
  i 'm not pinning it on them , the ones responsible are the ones from command , but in such occassions the soldiers are also being judged based on how they react and face the situation . 
  the easy or even reasonable thing is to surrender the civilians and walk away with your life but that 's going to also bring scorn . 
  this is what 's happening now . 
  one option would have preserved and even boosted their reputation and heroism but cost them their lives , and the other would have allowed them to walk away and reduce casualties but carry the judgement we 're seeing here . 
  i actually sympathize with the dutchbat for being put in that place by command , but in the end , surrendering the civilians makes all the difference for me . 
  i do n't know if that makes sense . 
  had it been a situation only between two armies with no civilians in the way and the one army chose to retreat because they were outnumbered it would have been perfectly excused but in this case there were hundreds of civilians in the way that they had to protect so even though i undertstand their bad situation , i ca n't help but criticize it , being fully aware that i 'm doing that from the safety of my desk . 
  a lot of people disagree and this will be downvoted to oblivion but i just happen to believe that fighting for civilians especially when the odds are grim is the most noble thing a soldier/army can do . 
  obviously i was n't counting the ones that were actually doing the slaughtering . 
  oh he was uncomfortable while shring a drink with mladic .
