  that does n't make `` athens '' unofficial , just the official name in its english form . 
  damn it you got me . 
  i 've lost my sense of sarcasm . 
  i need my powers back !, 
  the philistine part was uncalled for . 
   i also do n't know how macedonians feel about being called `` former republic of yugoslavia '' because i do n't know what feelings they have towards yugoslavia and their time in it . 
  but you do n't seem to care about how greeks feel about other countries calling them macedonia . 
  i guess you would n't care if people started saying that transylvania is hungarian either . 
  or if hungary took that name and everyone went on with it . 
   so yeah , you can force a name change on them , but a lot of people who always called them macedonia will still call them that . 
  well that 's their right if they want to be historically wrong i guess . 
   it 's a bit similar with czech republic . 
  it seems a huge thing for them to be called czechia , but they 've always been czechia here . 
  no it 's wrong cause it 's not a completely different country using that name . 
  that 'd be like like calling slovakia czechia . 
  pretty stupid is n't it ? 
  til interpreting someone 's thoughts beats that someone actually coming up with these thoughts . 
  sorry but your comment makes no sense . 
  i do n't know , my father has visited istanbul a few times and most people were very friendly . 
  and you know how greeks and turks are . 
  but then again greeks and turks despite their differences have also lived next to each other for many years so there 's kind of a love/hate relationship depending on whether you 'll find a sane person or a nationalist . 
  maybe that would n't happen with a dutch especially at this time . 
  maybe you 'd get some comments about the netherlands but you 'd still be treated in a friendly way . 
  amen, 
  completely serious question , have there ever been compensations in such cases ? 
  not just between greece and turkey but generally . 
  i do n't think that when a territory is claimed by another country , they have to compensate the population that was moved . 
  at least i have n't heard of that . 
  of course it 'd be nice if it happened . 
  man the refs killed us after the 3rd quarter but that 's not an excuse , you 'd win anyway , we were n't playing well and fener was better . 
  still a good game indeed . 
  congrats on the first cup , 
  joke 's on you . 
  that 's a greek wallet , it 's empty :p, 
  imagine the identity crisis that city would be going through if it was n't . . well . . a city . 
  ca n't handle some pure raki turko ? 
  * hic * ... weaklings . . * hic * ** falls over **, 
  is n't that the same just in turkish ? 
  i mean even before the greek name was konstantinoupolis but the name in english is constantinople and it 's the same basically, 
  sorry mate , i doubt i 'd find turkish history that claims that you 've always been in anatolia very amusing . 
  i 'd rather stick with lotr . 
   the other half of cyprus tried to ignore and kill its minority and tried to declare cypriot as a part of greece . 
  and i 'm sure that justifies turkey occupying 40 % of the island - ignoring the ceasefire - when the turkish population was roughly 20 % , and then sending tens of thousands of settlers from mainland turkey to live in cyprus which is a clear violation of the geneva convention btw right ? 
  i 'd understand it if turkey intervened to stop the bloodshed and protect its people but let 's cut the bullshit here . . turkey 's actions clearly show that its intention was to occupy the island and it found the opportunity it needed . 
  even now so many years later , it refuses to sign the removal of armed forces . 
  save your stories about protecting innocent for those who believe you . 
   i was talking about greek and other european redditors . 
  no one with a little brain cares what erdogan says about lausanne or aegean islands besides some pathetic greeks . 
  troops from cyprus are not withdrawn because greek cypriots are not exactly claiming to provide safety to turkish cypriots and turkish cypriots do not want to repeat what happened in 1960s . 
  so on one side we have redditors ( that mostly poke fun to each other anyway ) and on the other we have the official legitimate government of turkey claiming islands and disputing signed treaties and your view is that the first is a problem and the latter is just some weird president that no one takes seriously ? 
  man you 're getting desperate here . 
  yes sorry , it 's more known to europeans . 
  well to oversimplify it , the government ( syriza ) went all hard on the eu , basically started antagonizing the troika in an attempt to make them end the austerity measures and find a more bearable solution . 
  the negotiations were far from ideal , the then greek finance minister was pretty caustic something that did n't help talks between the two sides . 
  time was lost , patience was running thin and the country came one step from an exit from the union after a referendum that took place regarding whether or not greece should accept the bailout program with its consequences , something that would probably lead to grexit and a default . 
  the people voted against the bailout program but in the end the government was forced to replace the minister and accept an even heavier bailout program . 
  so basically the whole referendum and the people 's vote was a farce and was n't followed and instead we ended up with the said heavier bailout program . 
  tldr : the greek government tried to play `` chicken '' with the troika and lost . 
  sorry i 'm not usually nice to people that are nationalists and that 's what i thought the guy was . 
   byzantine fought with ottomans directly whereas treaty of sevres granted greece and armenia huge lands although they were never the major powers that fought agaisnt ottomans . 
  there is a difference . 
  treaty of sevres is unfair because these major powers ( british , french , italians ... ) were never in anatolia . 
  whereas muslims/turks did have origins . 
  which - again - is irrelevant . 
  whom the major powers give the lands to , is none of the loser side 's concern . 
  you lost the war to them , they could have given the land to brazil for all they care . 
  and no , neither the turks nor the muslims had origins there . 
  they were conquerors there . 
  the turks in fact did n't have origins in anatolia . 
   i was fine with that when it was between 1300-1700s as did everyone else . 
  how convenient . 
   everything until the 1800s or even later is a totally different world than it was in 1920s tell that to prussia . 
  oh and half of cyprus . 
   people and human society changed so did my opinion on the subject . 
  problem is you people are still continuing that irredentism in 21st century . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  your president is openly disputing the lausanne treaty , talks about aegean islands that should be yours , refuses to withdraw troops from cyprus which you still illegally occupy and you 're claiming that we 're continuing that irredentism ? 
  greece has officially 0 claims on any other land outside its borders . 
  your country does exactly that officially . 
  damn it they 're on to us . 
  nice stadium, 
   why did n't greeks did the same when we conquered balkans and greece in 1300s ? 
  why did do you its oppression and unfair that ottomans were in control of greece for centuries ? 
  see , this is the type of hypocrisy i am talking about . 
  no actually it 's the hypocrisy i 'm talking about . 
  what happened first is that the ottomans occupied the byzantine empire . 
  if you 're fine with conquering foreign lands when you win a war , why do you think the treaty of sevres was unfair ? 
  it 's nothing else than what you did to others right ? 
  i 'm asking you and you keep avoiding the topic . 
   it 's unfair because foreign countries that are no locals to the region came and distributed the land . 
  which is exactly what the ottomans did . 
  turkic people were not native to anatolia before they got there and `` disturbed the land '' as you put it . 
   according to your views then , if a war start in the near future and greece loses it , are you going to be fine with the invading forces since it 's their right as the winners of the war ? 
  dude this is exactly what you said you were fine with , a few posts above when i replied to you . 
  you literally said `` so what if we conquered them ? '', 
  i 'm trying to understand if you agree with the right of conquest or not but it 's obvious that you only agree with the right of the winner when you win and when you lose the war you think that being occupied is unfair . 
  if you think that it 's not right , then you should also agree that what the ottomans did in anatolia was not right . 
  pick one . 
  lmao nice !, 
  is that vodafone arena ?
