  not all of them are populated as you can see by that list . 
  doubtful . 
  but like i said above it does n't matter . 
  sovereignty is n't judged by population . 
  even if there 's only a goat living on the islands , turkey has no right to claim them . 
  also cnn greece article that has a turkish reference of the statement as well . 
  http://www.cnn.gr/news/politiki/story/57211/ayta-einai-ta-18-nisia-poy-theloyn-oi-toyrkoi it 's about 18 islands and some of them are part of the dodecanese complex . 
  it numbers them in the bottom part of the article . 
  the 8 last islands are part of the dodecanese . 
  ah ok we 're into the denial phase now . 
  cause these websites are clearly into the habit of falsifying statements of other countries ' politicians . 
  i mean i 'd understand it if it was one random website but it 's more . 
  but sure , here 's the e-page of kathimerini , a well known newspaper in greece . 
  http://www.ekathimerini.com/214160/article/ekathimerini/news/erdogan-comments-dampen-expectations-ahead-of-tsipras-meeting the statement is the same . 
  not sure how i can dumb it down for you any further but i 'm not naming the dodecanese . 
  it 's a simple sentence that you should be able to understand after like 3 comments from my part . 
  i actually never brought up the dodecanese before you did . 
  i do n't know if it was some other user and you 're confusing us but yeah . 
  i have no idea what two islands you 're talking about . 
  i 'm simply and merely quoting kilicdaroglu here and he disputed eighteen ( 18 ) islands . 
  https://www.thenationalherald.com/143042/erdogan-rants-greece-cyprus-turkey-eyes-greek-islands/ at this point i 'm beginning to think that you 're getting paid by the turks . 
  you 're even doubting the guy 's statement . 
   no , no you cant . 
  your comparison of one to the other does not hold up . 
  does not hold up in what exactly ? 
  can you show me the international law that distinguishes between islands that are `` more populated '' and `` less populated '' ? 
  greece has anywehre from 2000 to 6000 islands and only around 200 of them are populated . 
  if what you 're suggesting was true , turkey could freely claim thousands of islands and it could `` hold up '' cause of your made up law of population . 
   he did not advocate for the annexation of the dodecanese like you implied . 
  that means it is a lie . 
  you 're horrible at telling what people imply . 
  i never even said anything about annexation . 
  i clearly said that he 's disputing sovereignty and he 's talking about islands that are turkish but occupied by greece , and he was asking erdogan `` what 's he doing about that '' . 
  that implies that erdogan should be doing something about that `` problem '' . 
  i do n't know if he meant annexation or whatever , but his statement was exactly that and it 's a disputing of another country 's sovereignty . 
  again , you 're trying too hard to defend his position and his statements . 
   the only two islands they are disputing are well two , soooo this he is talking about 18 islands . 
  his statement : '' `` the islets are ours . 
  there is a greek flag . 
  they are in a state of occupation . 
  ( the turkish government talk ) about lausanne and that we lost lands . 
  but they have lost 18 islets under our nose . 
  and now i ask ( turkish prime minister ) binali yildirim : will you take back the 18 islets or not ? '' 18 islands . 
  got it ? 
  i doubt it , no one in greece sees any reason for the troops to remain there at least if the turkish ones leave . 
  greece actually wants the island to stop being under occupation . 
  obviously turkey does n't want to lose its grasp on the island . 
   yes it does , because one is an ojectively true statement and one is not . 
  there is a significant difference between turkey wanting to annex some empty rocks and a islands with what , 100,000 people on them ? 
  neither are good , but they are not even close to comparable no it does n't . 
  it 's not a population thing , it 's a matter of disputing sovereignty . 
  i do n't care if its a goat herding rock , if you can dispute one besed on the proximity to the turkish shores , then you can dispute the other . 
  it has nothing to do with population . 
  in international law we do n't go like `` oh well , let this one slide this one time , there 's not enough population on that island anyway '' . 
  every island is treated in the same way , i do n't care if there 's 100.000 greeks or 100 ladybugs living on them . 
   you are lying about it by making false statements . 
  do elaborate . 
  which statement was false ? 
  the opposition leader 's statement is there for anyone to see . 
   it is pretty much concensus in turkey that all people agree on this . 
  this is not something that erdogan made up . 
  it is still stupid but get your facts straight . 
  my facts are right there . 
  i do n't even know what you 're trying to debate about in here . 
  first you 're telling me that disputing certain islands is more important than others which is a dangerous mentality , and now you 're telling me that i 'm lying about official statements that turkish politicians are making . 
  erdogan is that you mate ? 
   right , but its not the islands you claim are disputed . 
  i never said it was the dodecanese . 
  nor would it matter . 
  islands are islands regardless of their names . 
  be it the dodecanese or a bunch of other rocks , they 're all greek territorty . 
   the turkish position is that it extends from the mainland of the country . 
  it is very much related . 
  again the turkish position is stupid but it is realted . 
  do n't talk about things that you do n't know about please . 
  the turkish position about the aegean oil exists with or without the 6 extra nautical miles . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  are you talking about the above user ? 
  cause you said :  he is implying that the greeks should be able to stay but the turks should leave . 
  and then you said :  he clearly states that the turkish position is turkey should be able to stay and greeks have to leave . 
  the user might be saying that it is the turkish position that the greek army should leave but the user himself did n't imply that the greek army should stay . 
  does it matter if it 's the dodecanese or other islands ? 
  are some islands okay to be claimed by turkey but the dodecanese are n't ? 
  who 's lying about it and how ? 
  it was kilicdaroglu 's statements . 
   kilicaroglu has stated he will never run for the presidency . 
  which does n't affect anything because i 'm pretty sure his party stood behind him in that . 
  not to mention that when he 's using that as pressure against erdogan it only makes the common turks agree with him on the matter . 
  it 's simple . 
  we have the leader of the main opposition party claiming greek flat out disputing the sovereignty of greek islands and saying they 're under occupation . 
  this is not something to be taken lightly as many turks are trying to convince us to take . 
   part of the reason why this has been so intractable is because they want to split any resources that might be found in the aegean . 
  this has nothing to do with the 6 nautical miles . 
  turkey tried to do the same in thassos ( talking about the aegean oil thingy ) , way within greek territorial waters . 
  no one suggests that . 
  greece clearly says that both armies should leave . 
  turkey is unwilling to end the occupation . 
   and some of these such as the greek army pulling out are not unreasonable given the turkish army is also demanded to pull out . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it would have been if these were the greek positions .
