  as for the common belief , i 'm telling you that you 're taking an emotional bond about a city and you 're translating it to a desire by the majority to retake that city , which is pure bullshit . 
   that is the stance of greece , not just some redditors btw . 
  greek junta did not recognize the treaty of zurich . 
  that 's why they tried to pull out this `` union '' bullshit and sent eoka-b to cyprus . 
  the whole thing was illegal to uk and turkey . 
  greece itself was part of the treaty of zurich . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you 're talking about the greek junta which was illegal itself . 
  not about greece 's stance today . 
   it is because greece does not have the military capability today . 
  the moment greek army becomes greater than turkey 's , and an opportunity occurs ( just like post-ww1 situation ) we know that megali idea 2.0 would be initiated . 
  ehhh . . how do you know this exactly ? 
  greece has been following the same policy for a long time and it has no claims on any lands whatsoever . 
  with your mentality , greece would be using its greater army to invade albania , fyrom etc but for some reason it does n't . 
  do you know why ? 
  because greece has stopped having anything to do with megali idea for a long time . 
  the only reason greece even has such a strong force in the area is turkey 's aggression and constant threats . 
  greece has made zero claims in any turkish areas . 
  turkey ca n't say the same . 
  as i said earlier and you conveniently tried to dismiss as `` nonsense not to be taken seriously '' , turkish officials have actually talked about turkish islands under occupation . 
  greece has n't . 
   actually that was an official statement made by allies in post-ww1 ( turks must be driven back to asia ) . 
  it is not only some redditors again , naturally . . reddit did n't exist 100 years ago which is when you 're talking about yet again . 
  the rest of your comment is a constant repetition of the same ridiculous idea that 9/10 greeks want constantinople back , mixed with some legends from 1453 and comments that you 've taken from yt channels like `` greece vs turkey who would win '' in which you 're guaranteed to find every moron from each country offending each other . 
  no greek actually cares about istanbul either , at least not more than any other country would care about having a free extra city . 
  ask the greeks if greece should make war and re-take istanbul and no one other some few brain dead ultra-nationalists will give a shit . 
  regardless of military power . 
  even if greece had twice the armed forces of turkey , any idea of land claims would be doomed and dropped . 
  saying that greece wants that because of the idiots that talk about istanbul is like saying that germany today wants to take over europe because of the few neo-nazis that wear ss uniforms and get a boner . 
   turkish politicians saying islands are occupied are a threat , but greek people believing that istanbul is occupied is not a threat . 
  definitely , since the one is an official elected government 's statement and the other is a generalization pulled straight out of your ass . 
   international law ? 
  you guys cared about that ? 
  last time i spoke about cyprus with greeks here and said turkey acted based on treaty of zurich which was recognized by the international committee , you guys told me british empire is imperialist anyway , and that was an imperialist move of them to recognize it anyway . 
  it 's like when it works for you , you care about what international law says , and when not , you do n't . 
  i am confused . 
  are we discussing certain redditor 's views and opinions or what the international law dictates and the official governments ' policies and statements ? 
  am i to equiate turkey 's official policy with what some of your redditors comment in here ? 
  cause that 'd be quite interesting . 
   coming from a greek this is very interesting . 
  was n't it greece in 1919 which . 
  after grabbing smyrna , wanted to grab the entire minor asia had failed in a terrible way ? 
  well it was the allies ' plan in general . 
  smyrna was given to greece , it did n't take it by itself . 
  greece was never going to have the entire minor asia even if the plan had worked anyway . 
  greece was used by the allies to push inwards and stop kemal 's resistance . 
  however , yes greece did have megali idea back then and look how that worked out . 
  greece has n't had anything like that since then though . 
  that 's the difference . 
  turkey is still acting like the ottoman empire , a century later . 
   no seriously , you should be fair with your judgements , especially if you are coming from a country where people think turks must go to mongolia as a popular belief . 
  that 's actually not a popular belief . 
  but it 's entirely amusing how you put so much weight on some idiotic comments from random people in youtube comments , and when it comes to your very own official government making statements like `` turkish islands that are being occupied by greece '' , all you have to say is `` nothing serious , these are populist stuff to get votes from idiots '' . 
  can you tell me the last time you heard anyone from the greek government say anything about turkey relocating to mongolia or even that greece should have turkish lands ? 
  you 're literally trying so hard to make your government 's official statements sound like something silly not to be taken seriously and at the same time you 're bringing forth random internet users ' nationalistic opinions as a serious argument . 
  you should really confused . 
   i do not take deluded people seriously , i suggest you do the same . 
  unlike you , i tend to take dangerous statements from people in our neighboring country 's government pretty seriously . 
  i can see why it would be convenient to you if we just ignored what your country says and does but you 're out of luck there . 
  it 's mind boggling how difficult a simple google search seems to be for some people . 
  from the aegean dispute article in wiki :  the standard width of territorial waters that countries are customarily entitled to has steadily increased in the course of the 20th century : from initially 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ) at the beginning of the century , to 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) , and currently 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) . 
  the current value has been enshrined in treaty law by the united nations convention on the law of the sea of 1982 ( art. 3 ) . 
   by other parties i think you mean the partners in eu . 
  actually no . 
  it 's about the parties involved in negotiations about the sovereignty of the islands after the war ( s ) and about internation law which is pretty clear on the borders matter . 
  this is also why turkey has consistently been avoiding bringing this to the international court of justice . 
  turkey even declared a casus belli ( which is illegal ) in case greece does exactly what international law enables her to do . 
  so no , it 's not just about the eu and yes we know turkey and we do n't expect it to change its policy just because the eu ( and others ) says so , but it 's an indication of what other nations think about the situation and that it 's basically just turkey that considers this area as its own airspace . 
   it then also does not mean turkish jets violate `` greek air space '' . 
  it kind of does unless you follow turkey 's line of denial i suppose . 
  like i said , turkey could be disputing a lot of things , this does n't mean that the reality is how turkey perceives it . 
   it is not a retarded scenario like that as you portray though , we are talking about merely a few kilometers which are in dispute . 
  do not tell me some nonsensical , exaggerated , far-fetched scenario . 
  the principle is the same . 
  what 's stopping turkey from going from a few kilometers , which in this matter mean a lot because of the borders they bring , to all out absurdity ? 
  knowing turkey - since like you said we 've been neighbors for so many years - one thing we 've learned is that turkey will grab anything it can get its hands on and then request some more . 
  your politicians even talked about `` turkish islands that are being occupied by greece '' lol . 
  no wonder people are downvoting you to oblivion then, 
  the fact that turkey wo n't comply with treaties that are recognized and accepted by other parties as well , regarding the sovereginty of the islands and the airspace around them does n't mean that the greek jets violate `` turkish airspace '' . 
  turkey could be considering the airspace over rhodes or crete to be turkish airpsace too but well . . it 'd still be funny right ? 
  add / s to your comment and i 'll add the `` lol '', 
  sounds about right . 
  your point was simple . 
  `` body integrity sounds like crap '' . 
  if that 's the case , hand that kidney over mate . 
  by the time they got up there the drivers would be so dizzy they 'd drive off the road . . 
  he 's talking about the austerity measures which further crippled greece 's market and ability to repay the debt resulting in the need for more bailout programs etc. 
  no one says that greece did n't get in this mess , but a lot of people think that after that , the situation was ( and still is being ) mismanaged and it 's making things even worse for greece . 
  awesome :'), 
  if erdogan lets them . 
  turkey has been bullying cyprus big time when it comes to its oil reserves . 
   one eu diplomat expressed frustration that greece 's decision to block the statement came at the same time the international monetary fund and eu governments agreed to release funds under greece 's emergency financial bailout last week in luxembourg . 
  `` it was dishonorable , to say the least , '' the diplomat said . 
  lol . . `` you ca n't do that !, 
  you 're supposed to be our protectorate !, 
  we give you money ! '', 
  if the erasmian pronunciation is indeed correct , and that 's how ancient greek actually sound then it has nothing to do with how we pronounce ancient greek today in modern greece . 
  i remember i was watching a documentary about ancient greece and there was this british scholar that was an expert in ancient greece and she read the inscription of the monument at thermopylae and i could n't understand a word she was saying , it sounded like gibberish like you said . 
  i only understood anything cause i knew the inscription . 
  i found it so weird that an expert in ancient greece was pronouncing it entirely wrong but it turns out that it actually might be us that are pronouncing it wrong today , if it actually sounded like that back then , man it was weird .
