  then it 's okay . 
  are you willing to also excuse the higher ups that declined air support because maybe they were uncomfortable afterwards ? 
  also what does my office chair have to do with it ? 
  are you typing from a battlefield ? 
  if i was a decorated war veteran with a missing leg would i have changed your mind that these people were there in order to protect civilians ? 
  it 's an army 's duty as bad as it may sound . 
  everyone can use the `` you 're sitting on your desk '' bullshit to justify any action apparently . 
  every turncoat or deserter in history can say the same thing to you : `` you ca n't judge me from the comfort of your office '' . 
  does that make him not a deserter though ? 
  that 's an example , it 's not pointed towards the dutchbat . 
  the ones in charge for leaving the dutchbat alone share an even greater responsibility . 
  it 's a disgrace that there were no repercussions . 
  the un was there to protect these people and from the higher ups to the bottom that day was a failure . 
   you ca n't expect another people to die for your people why do we even have un armed forces then ? 
  what are they expected to do ? 
  look intimidating ? 
  most metal headline i 've read this week . 
  then again , it 's only tuesday, 
  like i said , you can find fights with way worse odds in which the hopelessly outnumbered actually won . 
  you can even find videos in which 1 guy beats 3 others if you try . 
  i never said i do n't blame the ones that left them there alone . 
  obviously that 's even worse . 
  but orders do n't always excuse soldiers ' actions . 
  the force 's commander was drinking with mladic ffs . 
  i completely understand that the dutch were in a horrible spot in that case but the fact remains that they delivered the people they were supposed to protect and got away . 
  sure the body count is lower but it 's still something disgraceful for an army . 
  by saying `` here , slay these children instead '' , no doubt . 
  actually , just this army . 
  other european armies have actually effectively stood and fought despite the odds , for values like the ones you mentioned instead of fleeing cause the enemy is superior in numbers . 
  words like these mean something to certain armies and protecting unarmed civilians actually is a big deal for some . 
  if anything your comment drags the name of those who have stood and fought despite the odds , to the dirt cause apparently according to you , they should have fled and saved their lives . 
  i understand the value of a tactical retreat , i just think it 's shameful when it 's on the expense of thousands of civilians that you hand over to the enemy , because the fighting odds are unfavorable . 
  that 's actually wrong . 
  the dutchbat had already seen what the serbians were doing in other occassions . 
  i ca n't believe that they had n't . 
  this was n't the only battle of the war and these victims were not the only ones nor the first ones that had been slaughtered . 
  a 3:1 analogy is n't `` hopelessly outnumbered '' . 
  there have been successful last stands with way worse analogies . 
  just saying . 
  it was n't the undoubtebly lost battle some people make it sound like . 
  i completely agree but are they being replaced by more `` government friendly '' academics ? 
  when you fight for the people you at least have a chance that you 'll save them . 
  at the very least it 's the `` right '' thing to do . 
  if you hand them over you make sure the enemy has them and you just hope that they 'll keep their word which did n't work in our case . 
  the people were slaughtered anyway . 
  yes the dutch soldiers got away with their lives but the main goal which was to protect these people was lost without even a fight . 
  oh sorry my bad . 
  that changes everything :p, 
  lol we have the exact same problems with the metro in thessaloniki . 
  we 've been trying to finish it for years and there does n't seem to be much hope for it . 
  it 's become an urban legend over here . 
  pretty sure we 'll build a metro on mars before we finish that one . 
  and the problem 's the same , the underground is sandy and pretty unstable . 
  there have been some huge ass cracks on the pavements and some buildings when they were trying to dig it so it 's the same case . 
  nieuwmarkt station does n't look that bad at least from some pics i 've seen . 
  the one you posted earlier actually looks like one of the stations of athens metro , [ ethniki amina station ] ( https://igx.4sqi.net/img/general/600x600/19555592_ekxgxyvyeggrir2xmizpkaftllakqsdljtz1aebwdbq.jpg ) which is not really decorated on the tunnel part , it 's just a plain grey unpainted wall . 
   70 % here are men . 
   the beer is ridiculously cheap on one hand , only 30 % girls . 
  on the other , ridiculously cheap beer . 
  what can a man do when confronted with such a dilemma :'(, 
  `` the enemy are more and better equiped than us . 
  let 's surrender and hand over the people the we were meant to protect to be slaughtered '' . 
  imagine how different the world would be if every army thought like that . 
  it 's possible yes , but knowing our communist party , it 's also very likely that there would be differences and greece would have taken it 's own independent course . 
  again i 'm not saying that it would have been better , it probably would n't . 
  i 'm just saying that britain attacked its former allies simply because they were communists in ideology even though there was none of the signs we typically associate communism with ( dictatorship , authoritarianism , violent takeover etc ) . 
  i 'm surprised there are even academics still free in turkey . 
  seriously what 's the guy 's beef with schools/universities ? 
  pretty accurate . 
  smoking is a big thing in greece , we hold a sad first place in smoking in europe and no one 's doing anything to enforce the anti-smoking laws for bars , cafes , public places in general . 
  the mentality is that any business owner that tries to enforce the law and asks the customers to stop smoking , knows that he will lose a good deal of customers that will just go to the next available bar or whatever whose owner wo n't have an issue disregarding the law if it means winning some customers . 
  this is the state 's fault that is completely unable or rather unwilling to enforce the law . 
  do regular checks and fine the owners that do n't conform to oblivion until they get it . 
  they will either enforce the law and protect their non-smoking customers , or they will be force to close the business under the burden of the fines . 
  of course that 's assuming that the authorities doing the inspections wo n't get bribed but here 's hoping . 
  unfortunately , nothing changes in this country in any other way . 
  it 's painfully accurate that a lot of greek people have just grown up with what we call `` ohaderfismos '' ( ohbrotherism - the mentality of `` oh brother , who cares ? '' ), 
  and they completely disregard shit like that . 
   they also do n't like controls on day-to-day behavior : cars do n't stop at pedestrian crossings , motorcycles do n't bother with lanes , trash is tossed out of moving vehicles . 
  double parking is notorious -- oddly , one of the rules greeks do obey is the `` basket in the street '' signal that a neighbor is saving a parking space , and the basket goes untouched . 
  that sentence was so true ( perhaps excepting the trash part which is n't a common sight ) , it made me chuckle . 
  i remember when i went to cyprus for my military service the first time i was standing on the edge of a pedestrian crossing waiting to cross the road and a car actually stopped for me . 
  i was stunned for a second , i was like `` wtf is that guy doing '' until i realised how embedded ignoring such rules is for us . 
  the only improvement i 've seen after a rather lengthy campaign , is the enforcement of making motorcyclists wear helmets and to a smaller extend making drivers wear their safety belts . 
  when heavy fines were imposed and for a time they were actually enforced , people started realising that they ca n't afford getting caught 3 times without a helmet and receiving a fine so eventually it became a habbit . 
  the problem is still there but i think at least in athens it has improved a lot . 
  tldr : like we say over here . . impose fines until robocop rusts . 
  thankfully it 's largely the same , excluding some maintenance problems i 've been hearing about with the air conditioning in some cars , which is a big issue in our summer . 
  at least it 's being kept clean both by the people that work there and the common people using it . 
  the best metro station i 've seen so far albeit only from pics , is the stockholm metro . 
  i love what they 've done with the place . 
  lol i saw that too and thought `` damn , dante was way ahead of his time '', 
  it also revolves self :p, 
  ... farcical-er ? 
  well then i guess we can wait . 
  no , it would n't have been . 
  greece was going to be under the western sphere of influence and stalin had given greece up . 
  had greece been communist it would have not been stalinist . 
  we do n't know if it would have been a satellite or how better or worse our lives would have been . 
  sure it could have been another failure like communism in other countries , i 'm not saying that things would have been better had we gone down that road , do n't get me wrong .
