  after some point they wo n't be able to ignore it and they 'll have to take measures . 
  not when you show a map that has numbers that correspond to millions . 
  if you want to make it per capital you use numbers like 0.042 per capita . 
  not 112 bands per capita . 
  are you on a different subreddit ? 
  do you not see people condemning this ? 
  i per capita object and disagree with you sir !, 
  how would that secure greece 's safety ? 
  greece and turkey are also nato allies ( which is even more important cause its a military alliance ) and they still have issues . 
  cause `` muh tradition !!! '', 
  seriously spain , what the fuck ? 
  it 's like watching 6 year olds torturing bugs . 
  i hate it when people have no idea what `` per capita '' means and they use it everywhere . 
  the king in the south !!, 
  summer is coming !, 
  that 's why he/she said `` when talking about italy '' . 
  the patriarchates have retained their original names so you see it as patriarchate of constantinople . 
  the thing is during the peak of the orthodox church , before and during the schism , many greek names were used because it was the language used in the eastern roman empire so maybe that 's why the name has remained like that and maybe that 's why you see the church of the gauls . 
  it might again have to do with the greek name for france and the french cause in greece france is `` gallia '' ( gaulia ) , and the french are `` galloi '' ( gauls ) . 
  it could be something else , i 'm not sure . 
  the city of alexandria still exists you know . 
  til the protestants are feminists . 
  name checks out, 
  how would you get attack from cyprus by other random countries ? 
  it 's a sovereign country , others ca n't simply attack you from cyprus , seriously what are you talking about ? 
  so if greece believes that it could be attacked by north korea , from italy it should have bases in italy ? 
  or maybe we 're afraid that we could be attacked by isis from turkey so we 're going to build a base in turkey , do you agree with that ? 
   any country that wishes to attack turkey could use cyrpus as a base of operation any country that wishes to attack turkey could use at least 5 other countries as a base of operation . 
  are you suggesting that you should instal bases everywhere to prevent that ? 
   it 's just that cyprus has a strategic advantage , and holding it would help turkey with defense . 
  lol turkey 's excuses for the illegal occupation of cyprus are getting more rirdiculous by the minute . 
  honestly , i wo n't even bother reading anything below this part of your comment . 
  you 're either a troll or i dunno what 's wrong with you . 
  the whole thing is funny , your mind seems to be all over the place . 
  enjoy !, 
  jesus , finland , it 's not water !, 
  it 's our masterplan to make you forget about the debts . 
  best case scenario , we get you drunk enough to sign the erasing of the debt and then we loan to you . 
  lol this is farcical . 
  a member of the alliance basically threatening other members with revealing information that would jeopardizing them . 
  but it 's ok . turkey is an important strategic ally etc. 
  they can bomb us if they want , we 'll still love and support them . 
  basically single handedly routed the turkish fleet twice and made them stay in the dardanelles . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  turkey needs to defend from cyprus ? 
  are you for real ? 
  you 're afraid that you 'll get attacked by the country that you 're occupying ? 
  and who told you that since you need to defend you should have a base on a foreign country ? 
  then we should have a base on turkey so that we can defend from an amphibious attack from turkey right ? 
  how would that base even help you defend against an amphibious attack ? 
  jesus christ what pills are they giving you over there to type that nonsense ? 
  it 's not so much the fear of a new genocide attempt as the threat of turkey annexing the northern part or simply having no `` counterweight '' which would make it even harder for them to leave cyprus alone . 
  i see no problem with both armies withdrawing since - let 's be honest - the chances that new violence will erupt are close to zero , but that 's assuming that both countries want to leave the island alone . 
  currently turkey does n't seem to be willing to do that . 
  i think the fair thing would be that both armies withdraw at the same time . 
  greece withdrawing alone while turkey is still there would only be bad for cyprus since turkey would be like `` well that 's fine  '' and then you 'd lose a pressure card for removing the turkish troops . 
  what other motive would they have to withdraw ? 
  no , not quite the same at all . 
  the british simply have a base there and that 's all , they do n't control cyprus and they do n't have 40 % of the island in a pseudostate so it 's not anywhere close to the same . 
  greece or turkey having bases there would have a character of `` watching over things ready to intervene '' so it would be a threat basically . 
  they would n't be bases like the one the usa has in crete which is a strategic base as part of an alliance for example . 
  the armies on cyprus would serve as a bogeyman while the british base does n't do that , that 's the difference . 
  if there 's anyone getting the short stick it 's greece because turkey is right next to cyprus so not having an army present on the island means very litte . 
   my point is , is mexico considered north american ? 
  yes . 
   china and iraq are a really interesting example , they have literally nothing in common . 
  exactly . 
  and yet they 're both asian countries . 
  you ca n't say that iraq is n't asian cause china is asian and the two have nothing in common . 
  unless you 've never seen a map in your life . 
   what you phrased wrong is saying that `` greece is as balkan as it gets '' , i 'm pretty sure that you yourself do n't believe it . 
  no i do n't cause i do n't politicize the term . 
  balkans is the name for the area which greece is indeed a part of . 
  the majority of the maps include greece in it , except for the ones that are not geographic but political . 
  russia is part of the scandinavian peninsula but because like turkey with its european part , only a small part of it is there , it 's not regarded as a scandinavian country . 
  greece however makes a very significant part of the peninsula with only the islands and evoia not belonging in it . 
  i guess it depends on how you looks at it , politically or geographically . 
  crete is not in the balkan peninsula but it 's in a country that 's a balkan country . 
  sorry if it makes you feel weird but it 's geography . 
  you do n't have to be identical to other countries . 
  mexico and the usa are also very different but the 're both in north america . 
  china and iraq are very different as well but they 're both asian . 
  when you say `` i do n't care about what happened in the balkans '' you 're talking about the geographic area or you 're phrasing it wrong . 
   here we have the interesting peninsula of the balkans . 
  also [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans#/media/file:balkan_topo_en.jpg ) the fact that culturally or politically we have differences with other balkan states , does n't make us non-balkan . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  greece is as balkan as it gets . 
  it 's literally the tip of the balkan peninsula . 
  #teamfrance beat the brits :p ^ ^ / jk, 
  i get what you 're saying but i did n't really politicize it i guess . 
  i just found it impressive . 
  the way i see it the island would be sovereign and free to decide which side to `` favor '' although i ca n't see why it ca n't work with both countries . 
  it would be up to turkey and greece to handle their diplomacy and policies in a way that does n't interfere with the island and pursue their interests just like any other country does with all other countries . 
  i talked about your argument like that cause i 've seen many turks saying exactly that . 
  `` we 're not willing to let go of cyprus and lose control and let it be friendly with the eu or greece '' . 
  one guy was even saying that letting cyprus go would bring the eu `` right next to turkey 's shores '' which according to him was a threat to turkey . 
  as if turkey does n't have greece literally a coupe of miles out of its shores , or land borers with bulgaria etc. . 
  exactly . 
  we can first work towards reunifying the island between us and then we can talk about the british base . 
  at the moment i do n't think it 's obstructing anything .
