  stop blaming it on the eu just because you know that the island would n't be aligned with turkey . 
  your puppet anymore . 
  we are proposing for both armies to withdraw exactly so that the island can be autonomous without influence from either greece or turkey . 
  it would be in our interest if only our army remained but that would n't be fair obviously . 
  both sides withdrawing and leaving cyprus alone is fair . 
  clearly you do n't care about what 's fair which is fine but in that case , stop using bullshit arguments and blaming the other side and instead say `` we 're wrong but it suits us so yeah '' . 
  it 's more honest than trying to excuse your country with bullshit theories about eu overlords . 
   that international community was proposing turkey to abide by the treaty of sevres or go back to mongolia . 
  you think we care about some fat liberals sitting in brussels and telling us what to do ? 
  they may be your overlords , but not ours dude . 
  no , that was the entente . 
  and it 's the same one that did n't even enforce the teary of sevres and instead let you get away with the treaty of lausanne so do n't sound so wronged . 
  even then they were your overlords . 
  they could have leveled istanbul if they wanted to . 
   i am getting tired of repeating myself . 
  what you propose ( wirthdrawal of greek army ) does not change the fact that the plan benefits you . 
  the plan would only benefit us if cyprus chooses to . 
  you 're complaining about repeating yourself but never comment on that . 
  you wo n't let a unified cyprus decide on its own because you think they wo n't align with you . 
  even the turkish-cypriot part . 
  your only proposal is a unified cyprus with a turkish army present to blackmail it ? 
   unless you propose something that does not extend eu 's sphere to turkish shores , we have no deal . 
  in other words `` we 'll boycott every deal unless we dictate how it goes '' . 
  i guess it works for now . 
  your international reputation sinks even lower , you remain with an isolated pseudostate that does n't even like you , the roc part keeps enjoying its independence and acceptance of the international community and it gets to exploit its oil reserves anyway without you being able to do something about it . 
  you know that with that mentality you 're bound to lose the northern part sooner or later anyway though right ? 
   cyprus is pretty close from mersin , which is a turkish shore . 
  one can even take a ferry and go to cyprus . 
  you must know the map of the fucking region if you want to talk about its politics for fuck sake . 
  how is this even relevant to anything ? 
  chios is even closer to turkey . 
  you could swim across , let alone taking a ferry . 
  the eu already has close borders with you . 
  it has been like that from the beginning . 
  again , what are you talking about ? 
  what does cyprus being close to your shores have to do with anything ? 
   cyprus wo n't be independent as long as eu is involved . 
  since when cyprus is independent excuse me ? 
  says who ? 
  it already is independent . 
  i 've asked you many times but you 've been unable to tell me how cyprus is not independent even now as the roc , because of the eu . 
  give me an example . 
  and i already told you , they were briefly independent after they signed the declaration from the british . 
  it did n't last long because of the incidents with eoka etc but still . .  if you ask an average greek , he would prefer to get a free american citizenship and settle in nyc now ( as many do ) , does not justify america to come and claim athens . 
  no , but a ) there have been no such talks between the usa and athens , b ) a greek can get an american citizenship anytime while the trnc is not even recognized , and c ) similarly with b ) , greece is a recognized sovereign country while the trnc is a pseudostate , not a part of turkey so anyway you look at it your example is flawed . 
   oh do not get me wrong , i have zero faith in greece to make a militaristic move on the island . 
  greece is incapable ( both politically and militaristically ) to make such a move . 
  what i meant there was the intention is still there . 
  junta tried the militaristic way ( and failed ) , republic tries the diplomatic way ( through eu , sphering cyprus ) . 
  i was n't talking about that either . 
  there is not even the intention . 
  everyone knows and accepts that roc is its own country now . 
  plus the junta did n't even try the militaristic way . 
  if it had the turkish army would never even have landed on the island . 
  it tried to incite unrest to force the union yes , but that was n't the militaristic way . 
  you 'd know it if it was . 
   in either way , the idea is to extend eu 's borders to turkish shores . 
  like i said before that argument is beyond stupid . 
  the eu already has enough borders to turkey . 
  and why would the eu want borders with or close to turkey in any case ? 
  what do you think they 're going to do ? 
  invade you ? 
  if they want to they can do that from distance as well , do n't worry about that . 
  the idea is to finally reunite the island , end the isolation of the northern part let cyprus has its own entire country . 
  i understand that you do n't like that cause you 'd lose your puppet occupied land , but well . . we 're used to turkey being an asshole country and only caring about lands anyway . 
  the way you make it sound you are pretty mixed . 
  `` anatolians '' includes a lot of different people and close to asia minor most people were greek and armenian too . 
  add the turkic people to the sum and yeah you have quite the veriety . 
  about the arabs , many might be lighter but most arabs i 've seen are darker so in their majority i 'd say they 're `` dark/brown ? '', 
  do n't tell me they 're not , it 'll be bullshit . 
  i 'm talking about arabs , not iranians/persians btw . 
   so when greece invades and gets recognition it is ok , when turkey does it is not ? 
  it stopped being ok to invade just to grab lands roughly after the united nations was formed and the international law started being practiced . 
  at the time of the balkan wars greece got the islands in the same way turkey had gotten basically all of its lands . 
  when turkey invaded cyprus things were different . 
  that 's why every country today accepts old established treaties just like they accept that istanbul is turkish . 
  you can of course dispute that and we could start rolling back and re-districuting lands before they were captured . 
  you 'd get the islands back but at the same time you 'd have to give all of your country up and move back to the steppes so yeah . . i would n't go there if i were you . 
  you 're not wronged here . 
   there was treaty of zurich for cyprus intervention . 
  turkey acted based on that , operation attila was launched by putting the article from that treaty . 
  treaty of zurich for cyprus ** intervention ** . 
  the treaty stated that the guarantor powers can intervene , not occupy half of the island . 
  the first turkish wave could be considered an intervention . 
  after turkey violated the ceasefire and proceeded to capturing 40 % of the island and then bringing in settlers from mainland turkey ( a violation of the geneva convention ) , it was an invasion and illegal occupation , something obviously irrelevant to the said treaty . 
  which is exactly why the northern part is not recognized by any country other than turkey and the occupation is considered illegal . 
   turkey should pull off , all the resources to be given to eu . 
  you keep saying that it 's stupid every time . 
  the resources would belong to cyprus . 
  whether cyprus as a sovereign country will belong in the eu or not is none of tukey 's business . 
  it 's basically saying `` we ca n't let someone free to decide for himself cause he might decide against us , so instead we 'll hold him captive '' . 
  the deal is to unite cyprus without greece or turkey in it . 
  what path cyprus will take will be its own business . 
  if they want to be in the eu then yes it 's fair . 
  if not , it 's fair again . 
  simple is n't it ? 
  or is it only fair if cyprus follows what turkey wants ? 
  that seems to be the case with you . 
   in the 70s it was tried with junta and military , in 00s it is tried with eu and collective assertion . 
  it 's funny how you make it sound as if reunification of the island is somehow a threat , while it 's your country that refuses to withdraw armed forces from there lol .
