   there 's a difference between defending an allied nation and defending an imploding second world country 's citizens with those citizens throwing grenades at you and while receiving no supplies or air support . 
  if you consider an ` imploding second world country 's citizens '' not worth fighting for cause they 're not citizens of as an illustrious country as yous , you should n't be in this war in the first place and you deserve to get trialed . 
  til soldiers are allowed to decide what 's needless and not and act ignoring the orders issued to them . 
  literally every last stand in history apparently is stupid to you because the soldiers may have deemed it `` pointless '' . 
  the 300 spartans and co. in thermopylae could have said `` fuck that we ca n't stop 200.000 persians , it 'll just add to the death toll '' , but instead they helped a lot in winning the war by standing their ground and eventually dying . 
  like / u/rulweylan said , this is what a respectable military unit does . 
  it follows orders ( unless they 're illegal ) . 
  if you 're told to defend civilians and instead you hand them over and surrender to get away with your life , expect to be called a pussy . 
  yes the civilians might have died anyway but you do n't know that unless you fight for them . 
  if you simply hand them over to the enemy you know for sure what their fate will be . 
  i like how spot on the word `` re-erect '' is for the situation . 
  to be fair erdogan has kind of pulled a 360 ( for the worse ) in recent years so this is n't helpful . 
  not saying that if it was someone else in charge instead it 'd solve the problem obviously but perhaps it would have been a bit easier . 
  that jousting tournament is fucking badass !, 
  i want to go there so bad right now . 
  i do n't care as long as it has beers and blondies . 
  * rage intensifies *, 
  honestly , as bad and immoral as it sounds , everyone with that capability is spying on everyone like you said . 
  that 's how it works . 
  the rest is just politics `` oh you spy on me !, 
  how could you ? 
  we 're allies !! '', 
  he means that the usa is the world police and they 're allowed to spy on you but you ca n't spy on them cause * matt damon *, 
  did we lose crete and i missed the memo ? 
  yes that makes everything better . 
  `` do n't look muslim and you 'll be fine , otherwise you deserve to be attacked '' . 
  i like my beard !, 
  or you know . . it sounds like a place where you can walk down the street and get assaulted for `` looking muslim '' . 
  this is a bump after a long time but i had to say this is a spot on description , at least based on how i see the situation of the time . 
  greece was n't really in danger of being part of the eastern block since stalin had already `` abandoned '' it to the west sphere of influence . 
  it could have been communist but not ussr communist . 
  would things have been better or worse ? 
  hard to tell for sure . 
  but i believe that a country has the right to explore that possibility and decide which path to take itself , something that the british denied greece at that time by force of arms . 
  the key points are : a ) like you said eam was definitely leftist but it was not hardcore communist in its majority . 
  even many right-wing people sided with them because they saw what eam did for greece during the occupation , and the alternative was far from saints as well . 
  b ) eam was n't anti-west , it was anti-western meddling as you pointed out about the king . 
  they had every desire to work with the allies like they did during the occupation but they would n't trade one occupation with another ( british ) , nor would they want to reinstall monarchy . 
  the greeks were free to decide what to do with their country and for better or worse the majority was pro-eam , yet the british could n't let greece slip to communism so they intervened and actually supported the nazi collaborators , the very same people they had been fighting during the occupation , and turned against their former allies of eam . 
  c ) eam never sought to stop the british when it could . 
  they could have marched into athens and secured it before the british arrived and the british would have a really tough time fighting them there , yet the eam stood and let the british enter athens not seeking confrontation . 
  even churchill could n't believe it . 
  it 's a largely unknown story but to many greeks this was a betrayal by the uk . 
  many will argue that it turned out better this way cause greece avoided communism but the ends do n't always justify the means and when another country forcefully dictates what kind of government you 'll have , it 's just always crappy . 
  also thanks for the recommendation of the book , i 'll definitely give it a try . 
  not saying that the greek side was n't largely at fault for the shit that was stirred in the island ( it was a junta anyway ) , but turkey 's intentions were clear . 
  if intervention and peacekeeping was their goal , they would have stopped when the ceasefire was signed . 
  instead they violated the ceasefire and went from occupying 3 % of the island to occupying almost half of it and they brought in settlers from mainland turkey which is a violation of the geneva convention , to solidify the illegal occupation of the island . 
  intervention was the motive or the excuse , it was n't their goal . 
  occupation was . 
  both sides were at fault . 
  the difference is that turkey 's `` wrong '' is more . . permanent ? 
  hopefully a good solution will be found soon . 
  lol what 's wth the downvotes ? 
  do people think that it 's only one side 's fault or something ? 
  popular destination for russians too . 
  i was there during my military service and there were a shitload of russians in limassol . 
  the brits were mostly in larnaca . 
  i always thought it was ghosts but you can never know with those anti-videogames retards . 
  lol @ the suspected anti-muslim agenda in pacman though . 
   when istanbul was occupied after the ww1 , christians ( both local and foreigners ) flocked to hagia sophia , trying to pray inside . 
  again and again they got permissions and support from british and pressured ottoman administration . 
  they did this despite it being clear that it was a mosque and the imperial mosque at that . 
  they came to our lands and spit on our face ( figuratively ) . 
  funny . . the exact same sentence can be said about when the ottomans occupied or captured constantinople . 
  it was a church and you came to our lands and took em and spat in our faces by making it a mosque . 
  see how it can be used both ways ? 
  if you 're basing your whole argument on `` they did it too first '' , you 're wrong cause you did it first . 
  regardless , like i 've mentioned before , both are wrong the way i see it . 
  turning a church into a mosque or a mosque into a church are both shitty and petty . 
   they were simply destroyed outright or left to disrepair ( for much of ottoman heritage in balkans , leaving it is same as destroying them ) . 
  a lot of old small churches are left abandoned and without repairs as well . 
  there 's a shitload of them sometimes it 's not possible to restore them all . 
  there are many more important and bigger mosques that are being preserved in many countries however . 
  that 's not a justification for what turkey is doing . 
  not repairing a mosque is nowhere near as insulting or provoking as converting it into a worship site for a different religion ( considering it 's being done out of spite like you 've admitted ) . 
   we can also preserve it as a mosque and my people can go and feel the same things as their ancestors did . 
  this is the problem with you people . 
  you 're talking about how preserving it as a moque is right cause of your ancestors as if you built the place . 
  you merely found it there , it already existed almost 1000 years before it was `` yours '' so your argument is hollow . 
  it was basically a church for way longer than it was/is a mosque . 
  your ancestors used to pray there and other ancestors used to pray when it was a church ( and for longer ) . 
   taking it and turning it into a zoo ( not much different ) lol museums respect and protect their displays . 
  your ancestors destroyed much of the iconography in the church because it was christian . 
  talk about a zoo eh ? 
   culture is something that lives , and continuing traditions for centuries while keeping to their original meaning is the thing we should do . 
  ironic . 
  its original purpose was being a church . 
   i wo n't say we cared about your heritage , we did n't . 
  for us it was same as any building . 
  and that explosion also caused deaths of hundreds of people but i guess it was our fault for using `` gunpowder storage '' . 
  i can understand that it was negligence but it was certainly not on purpose . 
  actually yes it was on purpose . 
  how do you `` accidentally '' store gunpowder in an ancient temple ? 
  it was done to prevent the venetians from bombarding athens . 
  that you do n't care about culture is evident . 
   i thought it was about history and culture but as you clearly show it is about symbolism . 
  those `` random irrelevant '' mosques are part of our history and they are the `` history and culture '' of turkish people . 
  funny how you disregard them because of their size . 
  it 's not symbolic it 's a simple matter of monumanets comparisson .
