  from what i hear there will be a big increase in reservations this summer so you might have trouble finding something considering santorini is one of the most famous destinations . 
  do n't know about where this place is but i hope you 'll enjoy your stay . 
  edit : google tells me that this is mystique hotel in santorini, 
  `` britain prevails '', 
  ca n't wait till we invent window shutters/blinds . 
  the future ca n't come fast enough !, 
  agreed . 
  i do n't know why we keep making such a big deal out of '' \u03c6\u03b9\u03bb\u03bf\u03c4\u03b9\u03bc\u03bf '' . 
  it 's not like we 're the only country that has that `` sense of honor '' , we just have a single word for it . 
  the same happens in other languages too . 
  i 've stumbled on english words that do n't have a single word translation in greek too . 
  that makes more sense i guess . 
  but yeah priorities !, 
  i already thought the man is awesome when he talked about the earthquake weapon . 
  now he 's in demi-god levels . 
  this shows that the people ( at least most of them ) are fine . 
  it 's often the governments that are retarded and are damaging relationships between the two countries . 
  greece and turkey could be great friends if they both have stable governments and they settle their territorial differences over goat islands and the cyprus issue . 
  it will take some time to get over old feuds but if the governments remain fixed of preserving good relations and with people behaving like that , we can hope to leave the crap behind . 
  yeah i just worded it like that cause the title is kind of misleading the way it is . 
  when it says `` after feminists convinced the city 's left-wing council that men invading the space of others with their splayed legs was a problem '' it implies that a bunch of triggered feminists did that precisely against men . 
  either that 's the case or the title is wrong and the feminists simply asked for that ban for both sexes . 
  even in the first case , their mentality might be stupid but in the end the ban is right . 
  i do n't care about the reason behind it ( feminists or otherwise pushing for it ) , i see no problem with that ban . 
  taking more space than you need in a bus is just rude and an ass thing to do . 
  spread as much as you like on your own couch not in the bus . 
  not everything is bad cause feminists call for it . 
  it would be interesting to see how they 'll enforce that however . 
   just be honest and say that you did not read it in a western newspaper therefore you do n't believe it . 
   there were countless of substantial evidence published by hundreds of great investigative journalists even when erdogan was best buds with gulen . 
  he 's talking about evidence connecting gulen to the coup which happened long after gulen was best buds with erdogan so i 'm not sure what you 're talking about . 
  the evidence that erdogan has gathered was n't enough for official governments either , like the us which rejected them as insufficient and therefore refursed to extradite gulen . 
  not to mention that what you know about the evidence is probably from `` eastern newspapers '' too so you know . . bias can work both ways . 
  no arguments there , i do n't think any rational person thinks these guys are `` good '' for a society but on the other hand i do n't know if they should be arrested for their beliefs if they 're not actually dangerous . 
  being backwards is one thing , being a terrorist is another . 
  the thing is that they government is scapegoating and removing seemingly everyone with that excuse . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they 've bagged a shitload of people that probaby have nothing to do with gulen . 
  god , if my gf sees this she will never stop rubbing it on my face for all the times i made fun of her for believing unicorns might exist . 
  imagine the burn !, 
  i thought muslims were always supposed to abstain from pork , no ? 
  name checks out . 
  is that prokopis ? 
  tell us about it ... 
  dunno about you guys , i 'm getting a house on mt olympus . 
  should have a great view at the aegean in a few years . 
  solid investment . 
   alle guten dinge sind drei sorry , i do n't speak adolf :p edit : sheesh , guys i 'm joking lol, 
  i imagine that the guy responsible for the city 's planning/design was looking for inspiration and a waffle just happened to be nearby . 
  two rounds were n't enough guys ? 
  well shit ... 
  in particular . 
  do n't bother mate . 
  i 've lost hope for humanity . 
   they intentionally endanger their lives by trying to escape war ? 
  for real ? 
   sooner or later there will be a real maritime disaster in that area i guess you could say that they intentionally endagered their lives by taking a cruise , so meh it 's fine right ? 
  are you people brain dead ? 
  no arguments , i respect norway 's views and i see no reason why they should join the union either , since they 're doing fine without it . 
  why fix something 's that 's not broken right ? 
  it just felt like a `` we do n't want to join , mind your own business '' retort . 
  maybe i percieved it the wrong way , 
  the guy was simply discussing how it could perhaps work with norway in the union . 
  you mentioned a problem and he suggested a way out of it . 
  if the problem about the farms was just an excuse and the real issue is a simple matter of `` we just do n't want to be in the union '' that 's different . 
  no need to jump on him . 
  is eating outside that 's wrong , or the nature of the food ? 
  like is it like christian fasting where you 're not supposed to eat meat ? 
  cause i suppose people could still be going out to eat foods that are `` allowed '' in ramadan right ? 
  you can see a lot ( relatively ) blonde or fair skinned turks in western turkey but that 's cause most have also roots from europe . 
  more `` traditional '' turks are have a darker complexion . 
  not to mention how much easier it is to convert someone when you 've turned them into a bunch of bigots similar to you, 
  why would you even have a tv show called jihadi next door ? 
  wtf 's going on with this world ? 
  dude what are you talking about ? 
  damn it , we 're old europeans :(, 
  wow i thought i was good at history but apparently i 'm missing a huge chunk here . 
  i 'm aware of all that , guys , although considering that it 's hitler with all his obsessions , it 's not hard to see him invading just to put all of europe under his control after he was done with france , the uk etc. 
  the guy was all sorts of fucked up . 
  anyway i was simply saying that of all the reasons that hitler might have to not invade finland , them being blondies is one of the silliest . 
  his sense of who 's aryan and who 's not was pretty broad anyway . 
  are you daft ? 
  do you think greece had 260,000 troops waiting on the border only a few hours after the italian invasion ? 
  greece barely had 4 divisions on that sector . 
  the 260,000 troops you mentioned is the total number , just like the italian total force was 565,000 . 
  so on one hand you count the total number of soviets from the winter war + the coninuation war ( in which a lot of the soviet troops were the same with the winter war , so you shoulnd ' t be summing these ) but on the other hand you only count the german offensive in greece and not the italian one ? 
  how convenient . . greece was fighting way before the germans invaded , against a superior foe both in numbers and quality of equipment . 
  it was defeated after being invaded by 3 countries . 
  wikipedia stays : `` the invasion began disastrously , the 140,000 troops of the italian army in albania being poorly led and equipped , and having to cope with the mountainous terrain on the albanian -- greek border and tenacious resistance by the greek army '' winter war : soviets 998,100 men ( overall ) casualties 321,000 -- 363,000 total casualties . 
   they are my friends only cause they saved me ass . 
  lol why are you hiding now ? 
  you clearly said earlier that i only dislike the nazis cause of propaganda , meaning that you think that the nazis in reality were good guys . 
  again , not surprising, 
  lol wow you really are 15 years old . 
  greece got in the war in october 1940 and it was still fighting until april of 1941 . 
  do you actually know how much `` 24 days '' is ? 
  finland fought against about 998,000 soviets , while greece fought 1,245,000 germans + italians and that 's not counting the bulgarians . 
  also greece barely even had an airforce when finland at least had 114 aircraft . 
  stop talking about things you do n't know mate . 
  your country did n't give `` us '' any money , you gave them to the bail out the german banks . 
  they did n't tell you that ?
