  real northern germans do n't think hanover is actually quite northern germany . 
  it 's south of the elbe , after all . 
  it sounds kinda backwoodsy to most non-saxons . 
  think like an alambama accent to usians . 
  well if they 're estonians they are in a difficult position to make use of them due to your low population . 
  on the other hand degressive proportionality gives your vote nearly ten times the weight of a german 's in the parliamentary elections , and one state , one commissioner also gives you influence out of proportion to your population . 
  just look at the number of luxemburgian presidents of the commission . 
  it 's like the uk complaining about paying too much . 
  i also do n't know how it 's a fantasy of mine about being able to remotely control someone somewhere . 
  are you saying you do n't have any influence on what your country 's commissioner does ? 
  or are you complaining that you ca n't control what other commissioners do ? 
  the former i 'd say would be mainly a national problem , not an eu one , and i do n't see how you 'd even expect to be able to do the latter . 
  the european parliament has n't been purely consultative for decades . 
  in 1999 they forced the santer commission to resign , in 2004 they blocked a commissioner 's appointment , and since 2009 they can veto the budget . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  the eu is a plaything of god-empress merkel and her 4th reich , where germany completes with economic conquest what it could n't do with tanks , while establishing a stifling bureaucratic socialist mutti-state that is nothing but a vehicle for neoliberal austerity while flooding europe with cheap labor and replacing the indigenous population with rampaging muslims that will see all europe under sharia law by 2060 . 
  1 million eu citizen 's gets you a [ citizen 's initiative ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/citizens-initiative/public/welcome ) . 
  how 's that for being able to complain for a redress of your grievances ? 
  you 're not unable to democratically control the commission either . 
  they 're appointed by the governments we elected , each government one commissioner . 
  then the parliament , which we also elected , gets to vote on them and could veto if it wanted . 
  those french employment rights are n't eu enforced policy though . 
  so if for the sake of argument we accept that labour laws led to high youth unemployment which led to the riots , that would be a french problem , not an eu one . 
  also , when was the last time we had `` european socialists '' in power ? 
  in the [ parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_groups_of_the_european_parliament#history ) i 'd say it was 1994 latest , for the commission i did n't find a good overview on the quick , but from memory i 'd say it must 've been fairly similar . 
  so even if you were right that they 're often blind to the negative side of their policies ( ca n't say i strongly disagree with that , but i 'd apply it to politicians and even electorates in general , not just on the left ) ... they have n't been in power lately , have they ? 
  the problem is that if the spd and linke did cooperate , the spd would lose a bunch of centrist voters . 
  but i agree that it 's a bitter pill they 'll have to swallow one of these days , and the reason i 've voted linke the last election . 
  one thing that 's hard for us europeans to get is that they deliberately make it hard for poor people to vote . 
  voting 's on weekdays , there may be hour-long lines , you need to register and sometimes they make that extra hard for people who move , like , say , college students . 
  then `` winner takes all '' and the electoral college make it so that if you live in a state that 's not a battleground state , but solidly red or blue , there 's even less chance of your vote affecting anything . 
  they just need a lead , it does n't matter how high . 
  berlusconi once said schulz reminded him of a concentration camp guard , or something to that effect . 
  if you judge people by their enemies , that 's quite the endorsement , 
  privatize profits , socialize losses . 
  if i 'd had to define neoliberalism , it 's that . 
  like trump has fear of electoral pressure , right ? 
  and if the french system is so superior , how come hollande 's popularity is so great ? 
  but it is an illusion that blame all comes down to one leader . 
  nobody controls the world economy , with western checks & balances parts of the government can obstruct things , maybe precisely to make the leader look bad ( look at the us sensate lately ) and many policies take so long to take effect that often someone reaps the benefits or blame from what their predecessors did . 
  it looks simple , but if you vote to punish someone , unless it 's for something they specifically did , you 're likely just killing a scapegoat . 
  and if you really want junker out , just do n't vote a epp party in the next national election . 
  enough people do that , he 's gone , simple as that . 
  so this guy got really lucky , actually . 
  the disproportionate response is about our concept of justice , where intent counts a lot . 
  prevention is about public safety and that 's a different kettle of fish . 
  it makes more sense if you think about it like this : * commit atrocity * other side overreacts * moderates are radicalised , some radicals become supporters or recruits * profit & repeat, 
  eh , shortly after 9/11 me and my friends had been discussing what to expect in the future , and how we 'd go about things if we were terrorists . 
  there 's way , way better ways to kill loads of people and inflict massive chaos in the bargain . 
  but that stuff did n't happen , they kept going for airplanes and bombs at symbolic targets . 
  after thinking about it a bit , i think the priorities are : 1 . 
  look impressive to sympathizers for potential recruits & donors 2 . 
  provoke outrage and hopefully reactions that make less violent muslims angry maybe turn them into sympathizers and even recruits , from burka-bans to bombings and invasions . 
  a personal power-rush and vengeance fantasy for real and imagined slights . 
  for self-radicalized loners i think it 's mostly number 3 , with a veneer of religion . 
  there 's about 30 registered guns per hundred people in germany so it 's not like we do n't have any . 
  not sure this paradise thing is really as central as it 's often made out to be . 
  left wing terrorists like the red army faction did n't believe in an afterlife at all , but that did n't keep them from murder either . 
  though they at least were reasonably selective about their targets . 
  it 's not like the desire to have many children is something that 's complete foreign to germany/the west . 
  my grandmother had something six or seven siblings , for example . 
  that pretty much changed in one generation . 
  the crusades were the christian world * on * the attack though . 
  kinda the opposite ? 
  that 's not a specifically polish problem though . 
  see brexit , trump , etc. 
  attributing computer hacks is somewhat on the same level as reading tea leaves , it ought to be pretty easy to leave any number of false trails . 
  goes double if it 's a false trail people want to believe . 
  it 's the `` we may have helped some '' comment by the russian gov that makes me think the cia is right this time , but i honestly ca n't blame anybody being sceptical . 
  pizzagate i ca n't even . 
  that would be a good idea , but it would require the epp to go against their partisan interest . 
  fidesz is member , and it 'd throw a spotlight on how they 're essentially sheltering him . 
  as 2016 has shown us , turkeys occasionally do vote for christmas , but when the turkeys in question are politicians i would n't hold my breath . 
  they also have orban to protect them from a eu suspension , so they can afford to break laws where he could n't . 
  also , the july 27th recommendation of the commission set a 3 month time limit :  the commission is recommending that the polish authorities take appropriate action to address this systemic threat to the rule of law as a matter of urgency and asks the polish government to inform the commission , within three months , of the steps taken to that effect . 
   the commission remains ready to pursue a constructive dialogue with the polish government . 
  if there is no satisfactory follow-up within the time limit set , resort can be had to the ` article 7 procedure ' . 
  hungary already said they 'd block an article 7 suspension of poland . 
  the time limit they gave the pis passed almost 2 months ago . 
  unless there 's something else , i do n't see much that the eu can do . 
  there 's two reasons orban got away with his thing . 
  legally , it seems to have been , err , legal . 
  practically , his party is in the epp , the european parliaments ' biggest party and the party in control of most eu governments and therefore the commission . 
  you 're right that the end effect is that unless a far right government does something that even orban ca n't stomach , there 's the article 7 mechanism is stuck . 
  the wedge is in the door . 
  article 7 lets the eu suspend voting rights , but that requires everyone to be on board ( except the country to be suspended ) . 
  and hungary said they would stop it . 
  where did the moderate parts of the party move on to ? 
  did they leave the party ? 
  were they expelled ? 
  just appointed to leadership positions ? 
  donald has n't had much time yet to get going . 
  he 's good for at least one constitutional crisis in his first year , i 'm sure . 
  also interesting how with the sexual mores questions ( abortion , unmarried sex , homosexuality ) people overestimate minorities ' opinions , both on the against side ( europe ) and the `` okay with it '' side ( philippines , south africa , turkey ) . 
   and what percentage of < country  's total household wealth do you think the least wealthy 70 % in < country  own ? 
  interesting that almost all countries in the survey overestimated that , except for the uk , where they slightly underestimated the value , and australia and belgium , where they came really close . 
  i like how one of the commenters was crying crocodile 's tears about how hard those little windows would be to clean `` in belgian winter '' and when told they were self-cleaning , immediately switched to  self-cleaning glass -- so they are denying honest work to people and instead giving it to greedy corporations filled with overpaid engineers and contractors who milk the public purse for their own benefit ? 
  what about all those belgian children who will go to bed hungry because their parents ca n't get a job , or are exploited by their contractor masters ? 
  ca n't decide if he 's serious of if it 's masterful satire , come to think of it . 
  yeah , it 's pretty from the outside , but the inside view of the atrium looks very uncomfortable .
