  i 'd have preferred a bunch of plants , maybe some trees , for a nice break room . 
  relaxed functionaries are ( hopefully ) efficient functionaries . 
  if you want to change the status quo , the responsibility for preparation is on you . 
  where did you get the idea that i 'm criticizing for not invoking article 50 immediately ? 
  mind , the amount of work for the eu would be the same whether in june this year or in march next . 
  that was my take from `` brexit will be red , white and blue '' and the dismissal of cautious voices as `` project fear . '', 
  and also , you know , not having a plan . 
  if the uk left without invoking article 50 , we 'd get a weird china/taiwan situation though where the uk claims that it is outside the eu while the eu claims that it is not , would n't we ? 
  more importantly that would hurt the uk economy much more than the reu , so it 's not something may can realistically threaten . 
  the reu could live with it , the uk less so , which is why may appears so desperate to try and get a better deal . 
  you 're correct it is a negotiation tactic , but i do n't see how it 's more scummy than cameron trying to blackmail the eu for concessions before the referendum and even at the height of the ez crisis . 
  eh , i do n't care if there a plan or not per se , i 'm just disgusted at the pretence that they do n't need one . 
  the eu did n't decide to call the referendum though . 
  which by itself was perfectly okay , but doing it without the least bit of preparation for what to do in case they won , that 's the mind-boggling bit . 
  the blame for that i 'd put on cameron for putting it on the agenda as a piece of political theatre and on anyone pushing for leave without thinking it through . 
  the tragedy of it all is of course that feels over reals * is * the reals when it comes to politics . 
  i think nidrach is right in saying that the difference is whether you will be seeking citizenship . 
  but when immigrant/expat is a label applied by other people , and to whole groups of people , it is about what the one using the label * thinks * they want to do . 
  when people are from `` lower-status '' countries , people tend to assume they will seek the `` higher-status '' citizenship , hence `` immigrants . '', 
  when it 's the other way around , the assumption is they wo n't , so `` expats . '', 
  the nyt was awful in the iraq war run-up though , not even falling for the fake wmds but full out pushing for war . 
  besides , as a european american media are mostly supplementary reading material since they have a different geographic focus . 
  when did we ban islam in german schools ? 
  this is not any turkish school , it 's a school with the specific function , among others , to familiarize its students with german culture , in which christmas is the most important festivity , even for most agnostics and atheists . 
  they are n't even banning christmas , they 're forbidding it being a subject of discussion in class . 
  they 're not banning christmas festivities , they 're forbidding any mention or discussion of christmas festivities . 
  the secular tradition argument would be more convincing if the erdogan government was n't otherwise working hard on eroding that selfsame secular tradition . 
  so it 's clearly another pointless provocation of the sort erdogan delights in , whether it was his idea or some functionary taking his cue from him . 
  the fish starts stinking from its head , as we say here . 
  the teachers are paid from gernab taxes though . 
  the article says something about 35 teachers - not perfectly clear to me whether that 's just this school or the total in turkey . 
  so 100 % turkish ownership is n't 100 % correct either . 
  yeah . 
  super scary , apparently . 
  not immune , no . 
  but you were loudly proclaiming that we were uniquely vulnerable , what with our once-in-human-history prussian militarism . 
  sure overcompensation is a thing , education can be shallow and dogmatic and warnings can be exaggerated . 
  strutting and gloating in a false sense of security is worse though . 
  i 've read lots of comments from brexiteer brits that claimed trade with the commonwealth nations would quickly make up any shortfall from leaving the eu , and also some that there were more cultural similarities between commonwealth nations than with the eu . 
  i 've also read many that hoped for the eu to break apart and some even actively calling for working towards its demise . 
  you do realize that the next hitler will arise somewhere other than germany , because the people there will be telling themselves that they are safe since they 're not germans ? 
  anti human rights is usually questions like : `` should there be a death penalty ? '', 
  ( mild ) over `` should our country use torture to extract vital information ? '', 
  to `` are people who talk down our country traitors ? '', 
  strong foreign policy is basically what putin does . 
  ant the thing is is does tend to be connected , in that people who like one of it tend to like the others , too . 
  anti-human rights means things like supporting the death penalty or torture . 
  maybe not the anti-eu thing . 
  i now imagine this guy as malcolm tucker from * the thick of it * . 
  sounds a bit like the wild west that way . 
  nonsense !, 
  trump and putin swear pact of friendship , crush isis together . 
  isis reappears in north africa , invade nigeria , sudan , egypt . 
  france elects marine le pen , merkel resigns in exasperation . 
  turkey is bought by china . 
  kashmir situation escalates , trump promises unconditional support to india in exchange for the taj mahal . 
  nuclear war begins . 
  the end, 
  if it does allow more effective legislation , would n't also , long-term , lead to a decrease in attractiveness for the m5s ? 
  my impression was that they 're largely fueled by frustration at ineffective politics . 
   we need to find and solve the underlying structural problem . 
  or we will see it escalate . 
  no argument with that . 
  i do n't think anybody really knows what the underlying problem is though , or how to fix it . 
  what i oppose is simply taking the afd 's positions at face value and implementing them - if i 'd want to do that , i could vote for them myself . 
  most of the people campaigning for brexit did n't want to actually win . 
  now they 're hoping to sell it as something the eu forced them into , like they 've been doing for years and years on any issue you 'd care to name . 
  we 've basically been saying that since the day after the referendum . 
  there 's not much we can do to force them to invoke it though , afaik . 
  it 's an internal british matter , and to be fair to them , the referendum was advisory ( despite claims to the contrary ) , and they had n't looked at how exactly invoking leaving the eu would work on their side . 
  you 'd think that was something you 'd want to do before calling a referendum on it , but no . 
  so now they have a government that was n't elected ( after the old one resigned ) , a parliament that was ( but is majority pro-remain ) and a narrow majority pro-brexit in the electorate . 
  also scotland wants to stay ( in the eu ) and had made * their * referendum to stay ( in the uk ) under the impression that they 'd all stay ( in the eu ) together . 
  national sovereignty is a candle in the hurricane of global capital . 
  as flawed as the eu is , good luck standing up to that outside it . 
  speaking for myself , it 's this that i 'm angry about :  the uk government has always supported the increase in breadth of the european union but more rarely of its depth . 
  regarding brexit , sure , you have to do what you think is right for you . 
  and i get the argument on the right about sovereignty and not wanting a super-state , even if i disagree with it . 
  what baffles me is the lefty brexit argument that thinks leaving the eu in order to become the caiman islands of the north sea will help the common working man . 
  oh , and the lies and dishonesty , that makes me angry too , but that 's something i lay at the politicians ' and the media 's feet , not the brexit voters . 
  well , this is where the eu disagrees with you , is n't it ? 
  so why are you surprised that it is n't interested in self-destruction for your amusement ? 
  a large part of the anti-immigration rhetoric ( not only in the uk ) was and is immigrants do n't come to work , but to claim the benefits . 
  in this case being older means that this is and always has been a core part of what the eu is all about . 
  now i know that in the uk the eurosceptics like to go on about how in the referendum to join they were told that it was only a trade agreement , not about political integration . 
  i do n't know if that 's true , if it is , however , that 's on the british media and british politicians of the time . 
  with the uk and the eurosceptics it is weird that they 've been the ones pushing for the very thing they 're complaining about . 
  the uk was the major proponent of getting the eastern european countries into the eu . 
  then they could have had a temporary restriction on fom for the very reasons you 've mentioned , germany did , the uk opted out . 
  ceta and ttip - which government do you think was a major driver for those ? 
  they 're going ahead because we 've got a majority of conservative parties in the european parliament , and most of the government are headed by conservatives , and they generally like free trade agreements . 
  they 're also popular in eastern europe and not even madly unpopular in the rest of it , however much you or i would wish they were . 
  the blackmail that was going on was what gave the uk the thatcher rebate , and later the `` extra concessions or we leave '' strategy cameron pursued , where he went so far as to veto decisions concerning the eurozone that did n't even affect the uk just for the annoyance factor . 
  this is just the eu no longer giving in to blackmail . 
  might want to change the headline though . 
  the one you have is ever so slightly misleading ... 
  well , the alternative would be being bullied by a vocal minority , would n't it ? 
  especially over an issue that arguably affects them least of all . 
   eritrea is a good example of a descent african country from where they get asylum without reason . 
  http://www.ohchr.org/documents/hrbodies/hrcouncil/regularsession/session23/a.hrc.23.53_eng.pdf eritrea has torture , people getting `` disappeared '' , and the least free press in the world .
