  because politicians from your country would have say over other countries , to put it equally simple . 
  okay those i like . 
  i bet it was his wife or girlfriend who really did those and he took the credit , that 's how the early 20th century rolled , right ? 
  what makes `` haha , i 'm glad we 're better than them '' so irresistible is that it 's normally the dutch favourite pastime . 
  her popularity is [ still pretty decent . ], 
  ( http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_folie3_d38611_635b84aab5.png ) ( blue bar means content/very content , gray bar means not , check out the afd 's frauke petry on the bottom ) . 
  germany usually has coalition governments , if cdu and spd do n't get over 50 % together they can probably get the greens to help out , certainly the greens and the left would tolerate a minority government . 
  edit : it 's also not true that the afd gets all it 's support from former cdu voters . 
  most , yes , especially in western germany , but they also get former spd voters and even some greens . 
  the only thing stopping her from leading the next government would be a palace coup in her own party , but she 's famously good at squashing those . 
  2nd edit : the afd gains so far have been in local state elections only , and people vote more adventurously in those . 
  they 'll do less well in federal elections , at least to begin with . 
  in the english language there is a difference nationalism and patriotism . 
  patriotism is loving your country , nationalism is is thinking your country is the best ( better than all others ) . 
  jingoism is that with wanting to invade other countries . 
  from merriam-webster :  : loyalty and devotion to a nation ; especially : a sense of national consciousness exalting one nation above all others and placing primary emphasis on promotion of its culture and interests as opposed to those of other nations or supranational groups  nationalism has a number of near-synonyms , each of which carries its own distinct meaning . 
  ** patriotism ** * is similar insofar as it emphasizes strong feelings for one 's country , but it does not necessarily imply an attitude of superiority . 
  * sectionalism resembles nationalism in its suggestion of a geopolitical group pursuing its self-interest , but the group in question is usually smaller than an entire nation . 
  jingoism closely resembles nationalism in suggesting feelings of cultural superiority , but unlike nationalism , it always implies military aggressiveness . 
   the refugee crisis is the exact type of situation where regionalism would help limit the impact of the crisis err ... how exactly ? 
  you did make it in the context of telling us to calm down though . 
  so it sorta works against the point you were making . 
  the problem with the loose cooperation thing is that we 're more vulnerable to pressure and manipulation from outside , like for example uk being a us stalking horse , france a russian one and germany a chinese . 
  then there 's small countries tax-dumping for multinationals ... 
  that was the plan , until this year . 
  the point is n't whether the us are a superpower , but whether they 'll be doing any leading . 
  she 's only hated by the far left and the far right . 
  [ the centre-right is happy with her government , ] ( http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_folie8_af5f95_322bb84f5b.png ) the centre-left still has like 45 % approval . 
  [ her personal approval ratings ] ( http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_folie5_ed8e87_a76b4167f1.png ) are n't great , but not super bad either . 
  internationally , things are probably worse , but then the situation is crappy enough that any other `` leader of the free world '' would end up similarly . 
  fighting lobbying is a constant struggle for any political system in our global economy . 
  you think china and russia do n't have it ? 
  you think german industry did n't lobby the fuck out of hitler ? 
  you think the british east india company did n't do it ? 
  you think there were n't any people in charles the great 's court badgering him for favours ? 
  you 're right it 's never going to be eliminated . 
  but that 's not a failing specific to the eu . 
  great cthulhu this is wonderfully revolting . 
  the funny thing is , i can see this becoming a tourist attraction in a hundred years more than some rectangular rectangle building . 
  this is why architects have a bad name . 
  problem with this is that there are really a lot of people in east asia , so locations that are convenient to them have an unfair advantage if you 're using visitor numbers to measure `` architectural attractiveness '' . 
  then cities like london and paris are probably visited more for the prestige then the architecture - most people will be shopping and visiting a few well-known landmarks that everybody visits . 
  ok , post-ww2 . 
  i did n't think i 'd need to spell that out . 
  but that 's why the kiel canal is the world 's busiest !, 
  just for you , 
  i was n't complaining , guv . 
  i have a bridge to sell you . 
  it 's in sevnica , you know , melania trump 's hometown . 
  it 's gon na be yuuuuge !, 
  the dems wo n't challenge him on slashing corporate taxes ? 
  really ? 
  that seems ... self destructive . 
  it is for ireland . 
  there 's also the fact that since air drag goes up quadratically with speed , it 's not super helpful in keeping co \u00b2 emissions low . 
  tl ; dr : * the toll on trucks would cover the 2 billion or so needed for maintainance and would leave plenty for new construction , but it 's used to plug holes in other parts of the budget * ever wonder why there 's always construction sites with nobody working on them ? 
  that 's so the local budgeet is n't exceeded , and night shifts are expensive * biggest thing that would need to be done are a lot of bridges from the 70 's and 80 's in west germany that are getting on in years, 
  -13 points !, 
  unpopular opinion indeed . 
  people , that was a reasonably voiced opinion with a reasonable justification . 
  there 's good counterarguments below but no one is going to see them because you downvoted it into the 9th hell . 
  i hope you 're proud of yourself . 
   otherwise their name seems a bit contradictory to their actions : / that 's the spd in a nutshell . 
  well with the lower saxony spd and volkswagen there is no hope , no hope at all . 
  whatever happened to `` we only want our sovereignty back ? '', 
  at least he 's going to be a lot more unlikely to get his way with the uk out than with it in the eu . 
  highly unlikely he 'd have made a positive contribution , is n't it ? 
  a bit like brexit in miniature . 
  lots of people saw the parallels , especially after brexit won . 
  i 've heard the `` american brexit '' joke dozens of times at least . 
   nobody today thinks religion should play a part in politics ( unless you 're isis ) or mike pence . 
  that 's the definition of patriotism that people always give when they say they 're patriots , not nationalists . 
  anyway , the interesting point is how much will you help your family/nation if it 's at the expense of another family/nation . 
  will you steal ? 
  will you murder ? 
  to survive ? 
  to have cheap gas ? 
  dude , you need nationalism to get people to fight for the resources the war is about . 
  or hire mercenaries , but the first way is much cheaper . 
  massive unemployment among young people in france , like 20-25 % - about double the uk rate . 
  maybe wartime memories - the eu 's raison d'etre was to avoid another french-german war . 
  thanks . 
  not sure what exaxtly falls under the above category , but it seems pretty broad to me . 
  the top 3 groups of foreign criminals were rumanians , germans ( piefkes represent ! ), 
  and serbs . 
  this is from page 30/31 btw . 
  the northern european working class does n't use it much , yeah . 
  eastern/southern europeans use it a lot more , and without it the free market thing would look a lot less attractive for them . 
  plus the single market was intended as a means , not an end . 
  in increasing order of rightwingnuttery : the eu , islam , immigration , the left , postmodernity , modernity . 
  globalization is in there somewhere too , but that 's not a left/right thing . 
  so 's turkey . 
  the us is working towards regime change in another country ? 
  say it is n't so !, 
  only new thing is that this time their preferred regime is further to the right than it usually is . 
  okay i 'll bite . 
  quote for that `` gigantic crime rate '' please , and without `` verst\u00f6\u00dfe gegen das ausl\u00e4ndergesetz '' or whatever the austrian equivalent is . 
  the interesting thing about immigrants and right-wing parties is that there is very little correlation between their success and the number of immigrants . 
  what does correlate though is the * relative * increase - so if immigrants go from 20 % to 25 % , few voters are bothered by that , but go from 0.5 % to 1 % and people flip out ( same thing with brexit ) . 
  it 's something the mainstream press has n't really picked up on , i 've only seen it in a couple of in-depths articles , not in comments .
