   lord king said that the single currency project was flawed from the start , and that it would probably have been better to create two monetary unions for `` premier league '' and `` second division '' economies . 
  but he said it was too late to move to this model now . 
  why exactly ? 
  sure , it 'd be a major undertaking , but countries have reformed their currencies before , and the euro is also a thing that managed to take place . 
   germany has such a large trade surplus because of its greater competitiveness , but it ca n't invest that anywhere in the world where it can be guaranteed to get its money back . 
   `` as soon as german taxpayers see that their money is literally being thrown away , they will start to ask serious questions about whether they want to remain part of it the money generated by the trade surplus and `` thrown away '' in dodgy investments is n't the taxpayers ' money though , it 's profits in the private sector , is n't it ? 
  i do think classifying afghanistan as a safe country is a bad joke . 
  orban does a couple more flags . 
  there does n't seem to be much of a system to it . 
  some countries get only one herb , some several , and not necessarily in relation to size ( why the sweden-hate ? ) . 
  on the other hand , some herbs repeat ( chieves in spain , greece and germany ) . 
  merkel losing the federal elections is hard to credit . 
  it 'd mean * a lot * of cdu voters going over to the afd . 
  at the same time , a sdp/greens/linke majority would need a general shift to the left , which does n't seem to be in the cards either . 
  so the cdu would need to take the fdp on board ( if they manage to pass the 5 % barrier this time around , and by a wide enough margin ) or the greens ( which would be a first , on the federal level ) . 
  if the cdu base or the bavarian csu rebels against that , things would get weird . 
  a not-so-grand coalition minority government tolerated by the left ? 
  reelections ? 
  the finlands of the americas . 
  you can see them on the map ? 
  they 're the light ones . 
  years he was president : 1994 -- 1995 , 2001 -- 2005 , 2005 -- 2006 and 2008 -- 2011 like silvio `` obama is very tanned '' berlusconi was more diplomatic than a `` hausewife '' himself ? 
  merkel actually did her best to downplay the spying thing , refusing to comment on it and similar . 
  the big strains are foreign policy in the middle east , the erosion of human rights and civil liberties for the war on terror and climate change denial . 
  in two out of three , china 's doing better at the moment . 
  you did have berlusconi for a leader though . 
  so i do n't see how the disdain and disrespect could have been avoided , honestly . 
  their point is , many of those probably have a positive view of russia , and it 's a demographic group that the scandinavian countries do n't have . 
  it 's a good point . 
  yeah , the color scheme is atrocious . 
  it really hit me when i looked at the specific numbers on russia , where the top category has everything from slovenia ( 45 ) to cyprus ( 76 ) . 
  that ... should n't really be in the same color group ... 
  also , `` 10-24 male athletes '', 
  if you [ compare gun ownership rates ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/jul/22/gun-homicides-ownership-world-list ) , the us is an outlier at basically one ( registered ) gun per capita , but many european countries have about 30 registered guns per capita . 
  so the difference in gun ownership rates is n't actually all that huge , certainly not in comparison to homicide rates , or manslaughter with firearms . 
  there probably is a [ difference in accessibility ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/mar/15/so-america-this-is-how-you-do-gun-control ) though ; in germany for example you need a psychiatric evaluation if you want to own a gun . 
  personally i liked the belgian miss composite a bit better than the dutch one . 
  they look waaay to young to be either average or average-looking . 
  the [ median age in the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:median_age_of_population,_2005%e2%80%9315_ ( years ) _ yb16.png ) is around 40 , and for woman that 's probably even a bit higher . 
  these ladies do not look like they 're 40 . 
  but without being suspended , could n't they stop the commission from doing that ? 
  that does fit for the nordics , but is belgium especially homogeneous ? 
  australia ? 
  whatever it is , finland seems to be the perfect storm ... 
  i do agree with your second conclusion - our safe , transactional , mediatized societies can be frustrating for some , especially young people . 
  combine that with a sense of grievance and you get the red army faction , the nsu or is war tourists . 
  did you actually read the article ? 
  there 's a lot of speculation , but the focus is on the problems europe and specifically germany has if they ca n't rely on the us for nuclear deterrence . 
  i do n't think he 's actually in touch with the majority of leave voters . 
  i do believe that many are not , in fact , racist , and have been taken in with the straw men . 
  so this is the racist argument for the eu . 
  reasonably coherent , but it could have used a pass with the spell checker . 
  so under the header `` no appetite for europe '' we find that  although 68 % of europeans favoured more decision-making at european level to stimulate investment and job creation , the european approach was more welcome in other areas such as fighting terrorism ( 80 % ) , promoting democracy and peace ( 80 % ) , or protecting the environment ( 77 % ) . 
  social equality , which according to the top headline you 'd expect to be the biggest concern , only clocks in at 53 % . 
  still not what i 'd call a lack of appetite . 
  the only area mentioned where there 's really not wish for more integration are finances :  only one in five said having an economic government for the eu would be helpful for the future of europe . 
  so the poll is interesting , but the article really bad at presenting it . 
  last year the situation was pretty much the same , but at least there was the excuse that the situation had escalated in a short span of time . 
  this year it just looks like a huge mess by all the big players . 
  problem with that is that it needs unanimity ( except for the country to be sanctioned ) and hungary would block a suspension of poland while poland would block a suspension of hungary . 
  that is n't a bad idea at all . 
  i for one make a point at reading some english language media before voting . 
  the 2015 flow was iirc 2/3 syrians , afghans and pakistanis and one third various others . 
  the situation has n't improved in any of those countries , so i 'm pretty sure * refugee crisis ii : electric boogaloo * is something erdogan could make happen if he wanted to ( he 'd be out of a lot of money he 's currently getting though ) . 
  they 'd be stuck in greece rather than hungary though . 
  maybe erdogan could even team up with putin to open up a russian route . 
  there 's a practical , a political and an ideological reason there was n't another marshal plan . 
  practically , russia was way bigger than the marshal plan recipients . 
  politically , the marshal plan had the function , among others , to keep war-wrecked european countries from going communist . 
  ideologically , a lot of people really believed in capitalism - the only ideological alternative had just crashed and burned spectacularly . 
  so for them it did make sense to go all out pure strain capitalism instead of government subsidies . 
  nope . 
  mostly we tend to pronounce the common ending '' - er '' as '' - \u00e4h '' ( like the a in dragon in ae ) while pronouncing actual '' \u00e4 '' as a long `` e '' . 
  that 's not today , that 's the same old staircase kick from 3 weeks ago . 
  same thing that makes moderate germans vote afd , afd voters march with pegida , and some people go out and set fire to refugee centers . 
  you get moderates thinking the radicals are maybe onto something , you get radicals donate money and share propaganda , and you get fanatics and angry losers to become terrorists . 
  it 's a symbiosis . 
  last week 's [ polls ] ( http://www.infratest-dimap.de/umfragen-analysen/bundesweit/sonntagsfrage/ ) had the afd at 13 % . 
  this will push them some , but not nearly enough to win a majority . 
  and it 's very unlikely the cdu would form a coalition with them , certainly not with merkel at the helm . 
  eh , the fact remains that if there are people changing their minds , it 's not very many . 
  2-3 % margin of error does n't change that . 
  generally after big decisions people will try to rationalize them , so it 's nothing unexpected either . 
  maybe once things get under way , but even then ... 
  i think the right-wing sovereignty argument does actually make sense , especially if you consider that some actually like the political system like it is seeing how it keeps them in power . 
  everybody has to decide for themselves how much they value sovereignty compared to the benefits of cooperation . 
  especially if they do n't mind their government being in a weak position versus multinationals . 
  it 's the argument on the left i find mind-boggling . 
  leave the eu 2 . 
  justice !, 
  there just seems to be a disconnect . 
  yeah , i do n't know which accent the rest of the us like the least . 
  google gives me a survey by cupid.com via fox magazine :  1st southern -- 36.5 percent ( 45/28 ) 2nd new york -- -16.5 percent ( 10/23 ) 3rd western -- 13 percent ( 16/10 ) 4th new england -- 10.5 percent ( 8/13 ) 5th new jersey -- 7 percent ( 4/10 ) 6th canadian -- 7 percent ( 3/11 ) 7th midwestern -- 5.5 percent ( 8/3 ) 8th mid-atlantic -- 4 percent ( 5/3 ) so you 're right , southern is actually super popular . 
  i guess my impression was formed by * forrest gump * . 
  although i have a notion that it 's actually mostly southerners themselves that like their accent a lot , sorta like bavarians in germany . 
  also flat wrong ? 
  well then i think most of us do know we have accents . 
  if you 're thinking plattdeutsch or frisian those are their own languages these days . 
  what part of america would you say has no accent then , in your opinion ? 
  as a `` fishhead , '' my take on accents would be * berlin - sounds brassy , maybe a bit rude and pushy , but not weirdly friendly too * hamburgian - quite similar to our own , but a bit nasal and snobbish if it 's the version where they turn their sh into sharp s * saxon - sounds like a rube , even stupid ( not fair i know ) * bavarian - sounds boastful , slightly aggressive ( same ) * swabian - sounds silly , but also a bit endearing * mecklenburgian - sounds like they 're exaggerating my native accent for fun , kinda cute * native accent - the best accent obviously , sounds trustworthy , down-to-earth,
