  no reason indeed . 
  still , all the neue bundesl\u00e4nder together , including red berlin , have only 20 % of the total population . 
  in a federal election , them having afd at double the west german rates will amount to 2-3 % . 
  but * relatively * , it doubled the amount . 
  that 's what people notice , that 's what produces the emotional impact . 
  one explanation for saxony 's authoritarian tendencies is that they were too far from west germany to get our tv in cold war times ... 
  this is probably due to the * relative increase * of visible foreigners . 
  so if a region increases from 1 % to 2 % foreigners people will be a lot more excited by that than going from 20 % to 25 % . 
  and if you distribute incoming people more or less even-ish , areas where there were almost none before will have a massive relative increase . 
  sorry , that article is [ pretty bad ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5emsae/the_globalization_plan/dadqv2a/ ) . 
  they do n't explain what their figures and maps are about exactly or what went into making them ( and if they did n't make them , they should tell us where they got them from ) . 
  it may not be wrong , but it 's super sloppy and does a bad job demonstrating why it should be right . 
  also , that map is not a plan , it 's a description of what is . 
  what exactly it depicts ... hard to say . 
  [ the article ] ( http://www.intechopen.com/books/globalization-approaches-to-diversity/the-role-of-the-international-organisms-in-the-globalization-process ) this is from is pretty weird though . 
  just going by spelling mistakes , they have the `` group bildelberg '' , `` richard d. mc . 
  carmich '' of mccormick & richard ( 2000 ) of whose 10 myths of globalization the authors list nine , and the fact that their numbered list ends on a 9 does n't seem to have registered with them . 
  sure , the fact that they badly needed a proof reader does n't mean it 's all nonsense automatically , but it does not inspire confidence . 
  but reading on , looking at figure 1 in their article , there 's nothing whatsoever on what those numbers are supposed to mean and where they 're from . 
  is it the answers to a poll ? 
  from when ? 
  who was asked ? 
  what was the question , exactly ? 
  is it something else entirely ? 
  reading on ... 
  okay , this picture seems to be ** a depiction ** of the second stage of globalization ( or third , the paper had the second stage ending in ww2 in the sentence before that ) :  after the second world war , a second globalization age has been outlined . 
  during this period , globalization was guided by negotiations , during a first stage under the stipulations of the gatt ( the general agreement on tariffs and trade ) ( kegley , 2006 ) . 
  but i 'm guessing , the authors do n't attribute the map , nor go into any details . 
  what it definitely is not is `` a globalization plan '' . 
  the analysis here is pretty good i think ; at the least it 's succinct . 
  when it gets to the scheme for a unified european unemployment insurance scheme , those would necessitate unifying labour protection laws . 
  otherwise you 'd have some countries with little labour protection but low unemployment taking little out of the system , while countries with inflexible labour markets and high unemployment would pay less into it while getting out a lot more . 
  cue the system crashing when everybody goes the second way . 
  with `` germanic speaking countries '' , do you mean the dutch and the nordics as well as the german speaking ones , i.e. 
  germany and austria ? 
  i 'd say their influence derives from being most of the net contributors to the eu budget , maybe ? 
  on the other hand it allows people from modest backgrounds to rise to the top . 
  compare it with the us where there has n't been a non-millionaire president since ... uh ... johnson ? 
  a long , long time , anyway . 
  spd and i think greens went into the last election promising they would not form a coalition with die linke - if they had n't , they probably would have lost votes on their right . 
  the biggest problem with die linke for centrists is that they want to leave nato . 
  what i meant is that he claimed to do something about wealth inequality , specifically , bringing jobs back . 
  i thought it understood that trump 's election promises were n't something you 'd be able to take to the bank , considering his track record . 
  yeah , so everyone has their reasons to do what they do . 
  could also be that the countries that are super usa fans are fans * because * they are in the way of any potential invasion , could n't it ? 
  just google `` putin helped wikileaks '' , then take your pick . 
  also here : https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/nov/14/irish-minister-says-brexit-like-uk-trying-to-divorce-and-keep-all-the-assets  the meeting also heard that the international trade secretary , liam fox , had told irish ministers that if the uk was debarred from access to the eu single market , countries with free trade agreements with the bloc such as south korea could sue brussels for depriving them of full access to the european market . 
  except , going by the flairs , we 're all continentals indulging in a bit of * schadenfreude * . 
  most of these government decisions were actually made by the uk , but it 's always so easy to blame those faceless eurocrats . 
  do that for 30 years , and here we are . 
  could you please stop putting words in my mouth ? 
  nobody here said anything about ripping up trade agreements . 
  i 'm saying democrats got caught up in doing stuff for special interest groups who did n't appreciate it enough , or were stuck in blue states where their vote did n't matter . 
  did n't say it 's not worthwile , just that it did n't work out . 
  surprising amounts of gr\u00fcnderzeit buildings made it through the war just to be swept away in the 70s . 
  like , half of west berlin . 
  probably too much money from the subsidies . 
  yeah , thanks for the info . 
  i roomed with two architecture students at uni , so i like to tease you guys a bit . 
  a language is a dialect with an army . 
  they usually pronounce it seitgeist , mind . 
  / r/shiteuropeanssay / edit : i did not know that subreddit was actually a thing . 
  huh . 
  so it 's the only building that is gothic and neo-gothic at once !, 
  that 's actually not too bad i think . 
  but the old one was great :(, 
  yeah , the smart play is to live in the ugly , practical building across the street from the beautiful one . 
  you must suffer so that our eyes might not . 
  nice , looks like a level in the original doom . 
  impressively bland . 
  like a half a cup of day-old starbucks coffee , filled up with lukewarm water . 
  nice . 
  i love the juxtaposition with that fairy-tale villa in the front . 
  or `` like '' - i ca n't decide really . 
  i was agreeing to this :  agreed . 
  in many countries there is n't even a left option any more . 
  the choice is between socially conservative neoliberalist and socially progressive neoliberalist . 
  exactly the kind of `` centrist '' platform that clinton represented . 
  `` do n't worry about class , worry about the female ceo getting paid less . '', 
  i do n't know how you get from there to `` bald faced lies . '', 
  we 're talking about how it 's become rare for the left to be about straight-up wealth equality anymore , and i looked at the trump election , saying that he probably won because he did . 
  ah ... you mean that trump 's lying ? 
  considering his track record , yeah , maybe - or he 'll do it and go into debt . 
  we do n't want the left to lie , we want it to promise that stuff and do it for real . 
  corporate taxes are not the same across europe btw , many countries have higher , of course google , apple & co sit in the one that does n't . 
  my point is that yes , trump might want to cut taxes , but he 'd have to get that through congress . 
  cutting taxes means less running a deficit , especially if he wants to build a wall or increase the military budget . 
  there 's plenty of republicans who 've claimed they 're super against that , remember the government shutdown ? 
  so either they block him or they go back on their principles . 
  if there 's enough that do that , democrats could then keep his budget from passing , could n't they ? 
  the jobs promises are what got trump the rust belt . 
  people were obama voters in the previous election . 
  that might have been okay if he 'd lost enough women and latinos for being horrible , but he did n't . 
  and that 's exactly the point : they did n't care about his misogyny , and you 're right they 're probably the christian fundamentalist vote , and these are exactly the votes that social liberalism will never get and even drove into the reps arms . 
  again , that is the point . 
  if you 'd bothered to learn about the process you 'd see it 's not that obscure actually . 
  takes half an hour to understand . 
  you 're just spewing buzzwords - how do you know that the model is fundamentally broken when you do n't even know what it is ? 
  i 'm aware of european history , thanks . 
  that 's nationalism the political project , we were talking about nationalism the emotion/ideal .
