if texas and utah had a baby , and that baby was raised to be catholic and moved to the foothills of the alps , that would be bavaria . 
  i started learning spanish in northern spain , had trouble understanding people because they 'd talk so fast . 
  then i visited chile and it was so much easier to understand people because they 'd speak much more slowly . 
  maybe they were just more helpful towards the gringo ? 
  or , do n't go to war , but maybe impose sanctions . 
  it 's not all black and white . 
  especially with nukes involved . 
  what was this piece of whataboutery in aid of anyway ? 
  are you arguing the un should declare war on israel ? 
   not all that well if the approval rating of congress is and all the secession movements have anything to say about it . 
  i think that most secessionist misattribute the cause of the problems . 
  the problem with congress is that party politics are put over the good of the nation ; the first priority is to make the other side look bad , the second is to make the own side look good , and then maybe they 'll start to think about what 's actually needed . 
  not that those problems are unique to us politics , but is does seem rto have gotten particularly bad lately . 
   many on the political right did n't want the economic regulations and restrictions that came out of belgium from britain . 
  but if you 're one of those who think that some economic regulations and restrictions are good things , you see how the eu would look a lot more attractive ? 
  note that there are also eu critics on the political left who think the eu is a neoliberal ploy to destroy workers ' protections and usher in a new age of unfettered supranational capitalism . 
   i am just asking why there is the appeal for a superstate similar to the united states with all of the visible problems it has . 
  i still have not heard any positive arguments for such a state . 
  again , i do n't think the usa 's problems come from it being a federal superstate . 
  well , some do , but not the really big ones , and in fact a lack of federal powers sometimes stand in the way of solving them . 
  positive arguments are internal peace , external power , protection , freedom to travel , better coordination , economies of scale , increased cultural exchange . 
  i think you are a bit spoiled by living in the most powerful country in the world , so you do n't see the benefits . 
  looking back in history , after we came through the middle ages we europeans used to be on the top of the world , colonizing countries left and right , and happily have a big war or two every generation trying to decide who would get to be top dog , or in the case of the british , making sure there was n't a top dog . 
  we could afford to do that because there was n't a non-european power big enough to threaten a european major . 
  that changed after ww2 . 
  now the new bosses were the usa and russia , we got split in the middle . 
  nowadays china is on the rise as well , and hey , it 's only fair that a billion people play a role in the world commensurate with their numbers . 
  but , we have to look where that will leave us . 
  and my fear is that , if we stay disunited , we will be played one against the other . 
  like in those south american wars where each country was backed by a different multinational . 
  and it 's not only geopolitics . 
  with globalisation , the power of big companies compared to that of countries has been rising higher and higher . 
  they have us over a barrel to provide tax loopholes and lax environmental standards , or they 'll move to the country next door . 
  with a big enough country , maybe there 's a way to tell them to go hang if they do n't like how we do things . 
  it 's that or a world revolution , and i 'm not holding my breath waiting for that to happen . 
  to put it short : we must all stand together , or we most assuredly will hang separately . 
  but california arguably is a prime example of the problems with a heavily referenda-based democracy . 
  contradictory motions are passed and the government is stuck having to try and implement both ( okay , we call that election promises in other democracies , but still ) . 
  anyway , my impression from internet commenters over the years was that california was in many ways a political clusterfuck . 
  they 're my favourite too , really like the harp . 
  on the other hand they might have put in a bit more effort on the variety front , that 's where france & italy shine . 
  right you are . 
  it 's the strikethrough for you then , 
  ok sure , but i what is the point in comparing other african nations to morocco . 
  are they at fault for not building huge solar plants ? 
  nope , morocco can only build that one because the eu is paying for it . 
  should they get the eu to build them huge solar plants too ? 
  well the reason the eu is paying for this one is that morocco is close by and we 'll be able to buy energy from them , so that 'd be difficult for all but the countries that border the med . 
  are they stupid for mostly building small solar plants ? 
  nope , that way they can electrify isolated buildings without needing huge amounts of electrical infrastructure . 
  sure solar are good to have , but what is the rest of the article trying to say ? 
  because brexit is one of the most important things happening in the eu right now ? 
  thomas de maiziere is on the cdu 's right fringe and has floated controversial ideas before . 
  last year he publicly scolded the churches for often giving refuge for asylum seekers that his ministry wanted to deport . 
  also , it 's not that much of a u-turn . 
  merkel 's strategy has always been keeping the schengen borders open and trying to block off refugees before they reach the eu ( and allow some controlled migration ) . 
  still , for me it looks like it 's his own idea - there 's no comment from the chancellor 's office yet as far as i can see . 
  generally the cdu and even more the csu has been very restless since the afd has been making big gains after koeln . 
  as far as the spd goes , sigmar gabriel has been really wobbly for a long time , sometimes calling for a more friendly policy , sometimes swerving to the right . 
  so , counting germany , that 's denmark , sweden , ~ ~ norway ~ ~ , the netherlands , france , swi - wait , that does n't count , italy , spain , the czech republic . 
  makes eight - more than i 'd thought , though a lot of those have only been a couple of days . 
  not counting driving through austria . 
  it 's weird how the article makes such about other african nations not being able to match this . 
  is there a race on ? 
  that 's exactly what we have . 
  this , without the lyrics , is the eu anthem . 
  good point with the `` new imperialism '' . 
  on the other hand , i doubt afghanistan would have gone much better under gore , and gore would have been a lot more reluctant to invade iraq without a u.n. mandate then cheney was . 
  afghanistan yes , iraq ? 
  not so sure . 
  doubt very much if it had mattered what blair wanted . 
  yeah , i 've always wondered how one of those realignments would look like up close . 
  now it seems like i might get to watch one live !, 
  would be awesome if not for the danger of rogue nuclear weapons . 
  if provoking terrorism is a crime why did n't they arrest charlie hebdo then ? 
  plus this is the logic that would forbid short skirts because they provoke rape . 
  nope some people do . 
  usually the excuse is that some uncle 's named that and he 's named after him . 
  reckon those kids are lucky their uncles are n't called turd or something . 
  it makes sense to track that , yes . 
  it makes even more sense to look into this guy 's friends and acquaintances - if he 's a jihadi , you might find more , if they 're all regular people , he probably is too . 
  what makes no sense at all is to arrest anyone over something like this . 
  the only good that does is to have a terror-related arrest for the statistic to make it look like they 're doing something , and that 's definitely a good with scarequotes around it . 
  okay , that makes the `` his russian ties do n't matter '' and the not wanting to vote for the boring candidate sound a lot less weird . 
  have fun with that vote then !, 
  ode an die freude will never be dated !, 
  so it 's mainly ceremonial , like the german bundespraesident ? 
  they 'd have a hard time blocking brexit in the mid term . 
  even if they do so now , come election time again i think it 's unlikely the tories would run on a remain platform . 
  they 'd need to hold out until demographics ( pro-brexit older people dying off ) put the remain camp in the majority . 
  i also expect that prolonged uncertainty would play havoc with the british economy , but i have no idea how that in turn would influence the opinion on brexit . 
  is n't 96 % the official fake democracy approval number ? 
  i understand turkey 's economy improved a lot during his presidency - which of course was n't necessarily his doing , but he got the credit anyway , as usual in politics . 
  then there 's a macho foreign policy and exploiting fear of terrorism . 
  plus a lot of criticism from abroad will make him more popular , not less , as his supporters close ranks against those arrogant foreigners . 
  being a regional power and being a middle eastern shithole are n't mutually exclusive . 
  no gulf stream would be my guess . 
  it 's an oversized lake with a bit of saltwater leaked into it basically . 
  dunno , i do n't feel like there 's a huge difference between the west and the east coast of northern germany , to pick an example i 'm familiar with . 
  if there 's a mindset line in germany , it 's between the catholic and lutheran regions , i 'd say .
