  problem is it was n't ready to go through with the outcome but went ahead anyway . 
  it should n't have been too hard to check the legal issues before calling the referendum , or , for the crazy prepared , to do that even before announcing it . 
  imho that 's on cameron , and not on the remain side as a whole . 
  your second point is very much on every mp 's mind , and it 's what i expect makes this largely theoretical . 
  or it would in a multi-party system , with fptp yes it 'd be a huge boost for the far right , but as long as they do n't win too many seats , the two big parties could sit it out . 
  yes that would be morally questionable and politically risky , but i think you can justify it if you consider that a yes vote is a vote for a very broad range of policies , some of which might not be what they thought they 'd get when they voted yes . 
  especially when you take into account that it was a very close outcome - if it had been 40/60 it 'd have been a clear mandate , but as is it it 's not . 
  the ch he ca n't pronounce is super hard for most foreigners to get right , and it 's a sound only 5 % of languages have . 
  see the [ big wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voiceless_palatal_fricative ), 
  the only defence i can make is that it 's not as bad as the weird french system with four-twenty for eighty and such . 
  except it 's always been clear that the referendum was non-binding ? 
  the uk 's not switzerland . 
  if it turns out parliament actually blocks brexit , i guess reelections would be the logical next step . 
  would give the parties an opportunity to clarify what kind of brexit they want , or campaign against . 
  orignial nazi do not copy !, 
  ! 1one !, 
  partly the center-right parties of 20-30 years ago had the programme that far-right parties have now . 
  in the nineties they we n't from hoping that by making turks uncomfortable enough they 'd be getting them to leave to focusing on integration . 
  erdogan is using them as blackmail , and of course he wo n't be surprised when far right parties make inroads because of it . 
  that is what he wants , so emigree turks stay angry and alienated . 
  `` old skool nazi '' , `` classic nazi '' or `` vanilla nazi '' would have been better , i think . 
  a bit low energy there . 
  but all the other nazi comparisons are more or less on the money , is what you 're saying ? 
  so was the usa . 
  rome proved that a republic bigger than a city-state would never work , did n't it ? 
  a lot of eu funds go to projects in partnership with local authorities , and to poor regions that even richer countries have . 
  it 's not money paid directly into the countries ' budgets . 
  we 're used to being called nazis at the drop of a hat . 
  it 's him calling the dutch nazis that 's the big whopper here . 
  well we do n't get our own euro designs , being a measly little bundesland . 
  otherwise that 's an idea i could see looking pretty cool if done with the right flair . 
  only thing that 'd be in the way of that is that the baltic is more of an oversized lake than a sea . 
  that would be a stupid solution , sorry . 
  farmers in different eu countries are competing in a market without tariffs , now you want to allow half of them to use a cheap , possibly carcinogenic pesticide . 
  suppedly the customer can remember which is which when deciding from where to buy ? 
  le pen france would n't have aa rating though , and it 'd also start running a big deficit if she tries to implement her program . 
  the europe 's alabama , mind . 
  made it very `` the donald '' . 
  seems a bit tendentious by the article to turn `` wants to stay in europol , think it should be possible because the us does it and britain contributes a lot '' to `` demand a leading role '' , but whatevs , why not . 
  so that 's where he gets his priorities ... 
  [ wolfsmilch ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wolfsmilch ) does not come from a wolf 's tits , fyi . 
  it 's always been used as a name for any white liquid . 
  i think it 's not exactly misleading if you 're naming something by the general function it has in the kitchen . 
  people have been naming vegetable products after animal ones they resemble a bit for a long time : cocos/peanut/xyz butter , almond milk . 
  if it 's vegetarian and shaped like a sausage and you might want to eat it in place of a meat sausage , it makes sense to call it a sausage . 
  usually the fact that it does n't contain meat is actually advertised as a bonus , so to claim that there is a danger of confusion seems to me to be disingenuous . 
  so no peanut butter in poland ? 
  you can name it schnitzel though - this goes somewhat further . 
  if you call something `` vegan sausage '' it should be rather clear there is n't any meat in it . 
  if there were , it 'd actually be misleading . 
  this is just a csu politician being a sock puppet of the meat lobby . 
  the meat industry has a long history of lobbying against any form of `` fleischersatzprodukte '' , including that very term . 
  as if the pinnacle of the food pyramid that is meat could ever be replaced !, 
  the very idea !, 
  le sigh . 
  coins with one dude 's face are already boring , two dudes puts them well into ugly territory . 
  and not even in profile !, 
  at least now i know what my least favourite euro design is . 
  there 's never a guarantee that the differences wo n't be outside the margin of error , only whatever you 're confidence level is ( 95 % in this case ) . 
  if you want a 100 % confidence level , mathematically you 're margin of error will be 100 % as well . 
  the only way to be absolutely certain you 're right is to say nothing of substance . 
  2 ) is pretty much impossible unless they were utter idiots . 
  the foundation treaties were n't kept secret or anything . 
  maybe not a mistake for the conservative party , but a mistake for the country in the eyes of many observers , and in cameron 's own eyes . 
  i mean , yeah , the winter war was a thing , but that might have as much to do with the red army 's bad shape as with tough finnish resistance . 
   well , if you notice that about 54 percent of dutch citizens apparently want a referendum on eu membership i 'd be careful of assuming all of those wanting a referendum are in favour of leaving , though . 
  here 's a site that let 's you calculate margins of errors ( at a 95 % confidence interval ) : http://www.comresglobal.com/our-work/margin-of-error-calculator/ if you play around with it , you 'll note that at population sizes in the millions and sample sizes in the single-digit thousands , the population size does n't matter . 
  so it 's straight 1000 sampled means ~ 3 % , 2000 means ~ 2 % and 10000 means ~ 1 % . 
  the returns , they are a-diminishing , as in so many things . 
  there are two big difficulties , not only in the uk . 
  the major problems are finding people at random , and having everybody who you 've found answer your poll . 
  back in the 20s or 30s , when polling got started , they answer rate was something like 90 % and above , but it 's been steadily declining . 
  finding people used to be by physically doing random walks , then got way cheaper when nearly everybody had a telephone . 
  now that people frequently use only a mobile , it 's getting worse again . 
  if you 're lucky , being hard to reach or unwilling to answer wo n't correlate with what you 're asking about , then it wo n't matter in the end . 
  looks like with voting brexit or trump , it definitely does . 
  and even if you 've done everything right , there 's still the margin of error - that 's a [ bit above 3 % ] ( http://www.comresglobal.com/our-work/margin-of-error-calculator/ ) in the uk case . 
  and that 's with a 95 % confidence level , meaning there 's a 5 % chance that it 's off by more than 3 % . 
  in the best case . 
  true , but the point is that numbers are n't really the mark of quality that many people take them for . 
  if you have a good selection process ( ideally random , but that 's gotten harder since the nineties where everybody had a regular phone ) , and there 's only very few of those who ask who wo n't take your survey , 1000 is plenty . 
  if on the other hand you do n't , then millions wo n't do you any good , regardless how low your margin of error is theoretically . 
  if it 's not representative , it 's garbage in garbage out . 
  this quote makes me really mad . 
  if we want to talk about large numbers of things more precisely then `` some , a lot , most , '' we * need * statistics to do it . 
  yes , one can lie with statistics , or if you 're smarter , mislead without actually lying . 
  newflash : you can do the same with regular language . 
  however , you can say things with statistics that are true that you can not say with natural language , because it just is n't up to the job . 
  just people can lie to you , does that mean you 're going to stop listening any time someone opens their mouth ? 
   there might well be majority support for the uk staying in the eu now , but opinion polls are no way of measuring it . 
  ok , polls bad , got it . 
   the only way to measure it would be to have a second referendum , and every poll i 've seen has shown clear majorities against that . 
  ok , polls good - wait , what ? 
  yeah , i do n't think it 's likely either . 
  might be more likely than reelection , though . 
  hard to say . 
  [ these are the latest polling data ] ( http://www.infratest-dimap.de/umfragen-analysen/bundesweit/sonntagsfrage/ ) i know of , but they 're from before the berlin attack . 
  then there 'll likely be russian involvement via propaganda and targeted leaks . 
  jacob zuma is [ south africa 's trump ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tkov0kqplg ) , as informed parties know . 
  crime rate should be per capita , so strictly speaking the number of people does n't matter since it 's relative numbers .
