  you 're right that it 's pretty doubtful he 'll do much negotiating himself . 
  despite his `` drain the swamp '' rhetoric he has a bunch of lobbyists and reagan-era white house insiders on his team , they 'll do the actual nitty-gritty . 
  to be fair to him he did keep saying that he 'd find `` the best people '' and let them take care of the details . 
  the uk are `` at the head of the queue '' though , so they 'll get to take his international trade deal virginity . 
  what i 'm kinda looking forward to seeing is when trump 's hike spending/drop taxes combo hits congress . 
  my guess is that they 'll suddenly decide that it 's okay for republicans take on debt , but maybe there 'll be some fireworks . 
  i guess they 're playing to the audience at home , just like cameron kept doing in the build-up to the referendum . 
  they 're trying to make themselves look tough and hard-nosed . 
  basically sabre-rattling but not quite as martial . 
  for me the refugee thing made me consider that maybe she did take unpopular but right decisions , only she genuinely had a different opinion on what the right decision was . 
  the thing with the palestinian girl i 've always thought to be very superficial and hypocritical to hold against her . 
  what was she supposed to have said ? 
  hey , since you 're on tv you 'll get an exception ? 
  [ raheem sahwil herself later defended ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/07/merkel-reduces-teenage-palestinian-refugee-tears-150716175958948.html ) merkel - not that i blame her for crying , or complaining . 
  no , the ndp actually lost votes to the afd if i recall correctly . 
  with far right i mean afd now that the original eurosceptics were supplanted by petry , h\u00f6cke and such . 
  i guess ndp does fall under the same heading but as far as i know they have n't doing especially well . 
  apart from being in the single-digit percentages no other party would enter a coalition with them . 
  [ march 1933 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_march_1933 ) was n't a democratic election . 
  `` the 1933 poll was held after the nazi seizure of power and the reichstag fire , just six days before the election . 
  nazi storm troopers had unleashed a campaign of violence against the communist party ( kpd ) , left-wingers , trade unionists , the social democratic party of germany , and the centre-right catholic centre party . '', 
  for eu accession turkey 's internal affairs are pretty important though . 
  if turkey did n't want to become a member we would n't have to care . 
  he 's super unpopular at home , and france has a hard enough time solving its own problems . 
  makes it hard for him to be a leader internationally . 
  but if she 'd been running in a country * without * capital punishment , i 'm pretty sure she 'd have supported the status quo as well . 
  so fairly ordinary , standard liberal-conservative . 
  because the eu is supposed to be about solidarity , as any country that is a net beneficiary from the budget is quick to point out ? 
  so other countries grumbling about `` moral imperialism '' does n't feel super solidary ? 
  in germany the far-right * is * on the rise , more than it has ever been , and on the right wing of merkel 's party more and more politicians are adopting anti-immigrant rhetoric and positions . 
  i would n't be surprised if one of them tried to supplant her as the cdu candidate for the coming election . 
  it 's not all rainbows and unicorns . 
  there were plenty of quotes that definitely were just as bad inside their context as they were without . 
  plus dog-whistles like needing to watch `` some people , you know who i 'm talking about '' so they would n't vote twice , just off the top off my head . 
  plus his endorsement by the kkk he was totally okay with . 
  plus he got caught illegally instructing his real estate business to refuse black applicants on the grounds of race . 
  the case for racism is pretty clear , the anti-gay part i do n't know about . 
  the problem with that is that those either have real shaky positions ( renzi , hollande , rajoy ) or are from countries that just are n't big enough to pull off the `` leader of the free world '' thing . 
  i doubt germany is big enough for that , actually . 
  the nazi party did get the highest number of votes in the [ november 1932 election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_federal_election,_november_1932 ) ( 33,1 % ) . 
  granted , under the system that did n't necessarily mean they had to become the ruling party , but the alternatives were pretty bad as well . 
  a communist-social democrat-centre coalition would only have worked if you 'd given the leaders a trip in a time machine and even then would n't have had 50 % of the seats , and another new election during an economic crisis with riots in the streets ( serious riots with hundreds of dead ) was n't an attractive prospect either . 
  you 're way off about merkel there . 
  if she were about taking the path of least resistance she 'd have swerved to the right after new year 's at the latest , the way half her party and the afd has been clamoring for her to do . 
  `` even '' netanyahu ? 
  he has absolutely no compunction speaking out against jews that are n't aboard with his policies or have the bad taste not to have moved to israel . 
  afaik he was even criticised by the hungarian jews ' spokesperson for failing to support the israeli ambassador in the matter . 
  it 's a steaming pile of mischaracterizations , exaggerations and the occasional true fact . 
  the bit about boris palmer is mostly true , otherwise ... neuk\u00f6lln is hardly a `` no-go area '' - the adjoining pic is from a movie series , the `` crime statistics '' ignore the fact that immigrants friom the me are mostly poor young men and , if you compare the stats with german poor young men , do n't have all that much different crime rates - what makes an ai researcher in australia the one expert on the matter you 'd want to quote , anyway ? 
  the bild poll was quoted correctly , but only partially - 49 % versus 30 % said that the muslims living in germany were part of it . 
  i do n't want to live in a union where these flaws go unremedied . 
  i do want to live in a union and i want to see things made more democratic . 
  what annoys me is people being hypocritical and complaining about stuff that 's basically the same in their own nation , or stuff that their government is keeping from being improved . 
  and i 'm used to the majority having different opinions than me , not just on the eu . 
  yeah i see you all as problems , but honestly it 's not the biggest issue and maybe it 'll all work out . 
  i mean , it 's even worse on a world wide scale . 
  anyway i 'm not going to shut up just because i 'm in the minority . 
  well , if you take hitler for example support for the nsdap was dropping slightly in the last free election . 
  in the us the kkk also had their high water mark at about that time . 
  then there 's the problem when voldemort successfully disguises himself as a cheetoh . 
  in germany that was the last of a series of hung parliaments where neither the left or the right would cooperate with the center . 
  here they got into a coalition with national-conservative parties , and the plan was that the nazis would n't actually be able to enact many of their policies . 
  most observers , nationally and internationally , agreed that that was probably how it was going to work out . 
  then came the reichstag fire and his emergency powers ... 
  i would n't have a problem with that , other than the general problems i have with referenda - they 're bad for anything that 's not a yes/no issue ( see brexit ) , they can be manipulated with timing and media control ( see nazi germany ) , and people often do n't vote about what the referendum is about , but about how they feel about the government ( mostly with infrequent referenda i guess ) . 
  the major groups that would n't like eu referenda would be the national governments and the smaller eu nations especially . 
  thing is , it 's not a `` healthy appreciation '' , at least not in germany . 
  there 's a pretty big social stigma going with this , and you can argue that it 's silly , but that stigma makes these collections , even if it 's wehrmacht and not ss memorabilia , an indication of extreme political views . 
  it would n't be in finland maybe , but in germany it is . 
  also the wehrmacht did fight for the nazi regime , even if the majority may not have been into it that much . 
  they defended it and killed its enemies . 
  some did a lot worse . 
  my grandfather fought in the wehrmacht , and he did n't have a single piece of memorabilia , nor would he have wanted it viewed with pride , reverence or affection . 
  i get where you 're coming from , but , at least in germany , you ca n't . 
  thanks , hitler . 
  all things considered , it 's not that big of a deal , or it should n't be . 
  if someone absolutely has to collect nazi memorabilia , even as a non-nazi , then maybe he 's not quite as much a non-nazi as he likes to claim ? 
   also this was why conscription and the ` citizen in uniform ' are a very good concept . 
  if you have civilians cycling through the army this stuff would come to light much sooner . 
  the so called ` professionalisation ' of the army has basically turned into scraping the bottom of the social barrel for recruits it 's not like conscription really worked like that , at least not towards the end . 
  afaik it was about 50/50 doing wehrdienst/zivildienst , and you that was mostly a right/left split politically . 
  so the conscripts were the right-to-center half of the political spectrum anyway , and they only made up the bottom ranks anyway . 
  for all the higher ranks , you 'd have to be a career soldier anyway , and there the problem is exactly the same - that 's especially attractive to authoritarians and nationalists , so they 'll tend to be overrepresented . 
  the solution is the same whether with or without conscription : make sure it 's a reasonably attractive for normal people , and come down hard on the crazies . 
  that is hard work though and costs money , so of course it did n't get done . 
   i 'm not saying that the group has 2/3 , as you are pointing out it is 28.6 % so almost 1/3 . 
  what i am saying is that to make the 28.6 % into 66 % is something that maybe could be worked towards with deals and compromises but making it to be 100 % is in no way possible when even 99 % would be not enough . 
  well you were arguing a bit like it was only germany 's veto stopping this . 
  i 'm actually in favour of having most decisions done by 2/3 majority and getting rid of vetos where possible , but that is something all 27 would have to agree on , and i 'm not seeing that happening any time soon . 
  we probably should n't have done the eastern expansion . 
  at least nowadays we there are some things we can decide without unanimity , so there has been some progress . 
  why are n't eu wide referendums a thing ? 
  loss of national sovereignty ? 
   i do n't mean that as in : italy matters more than finland but as in : it should at least have the right to be heard and start a discussion . 
  that 's a good point . 
  i guess i 've got this reflex from arguing with brexiteers . 
  really ? 
  see , this is the kind of tricky cultural differences it 's so easy to trip over when abroad . 
   the death penalty is simply absurd . 
  it 's the state saying , `` well , murder is bad so we 're gon na murder the murderer . '',
