me too ... 
  the language they spoke in vikings was reconstructed old norse btw , 
  all of austria , except for vorarlberg and parts of tyrol , speak a bavarian dialect . 
  but even then there 's loads of variation . 
  the west , tyrol , being clearly influenced by alemannic dialects and the east being influenced by slavic languages . 
  unfortunately there 's still many people out there , especially in academic circles like universities , that perceive dialects as uneducated and therefore opt to not use their native dialect but use standard german . 
  quite a shame in my opinion . 
  the rest , and austria in general is rather proud of their dialects and use it in every aspect of their daily lives . 
  as mentioned before , vorarlberg does n't speak a bavarian but rather an alemannic dialect and is therefore often not understood by the rest of austria , except for its neighbouring region of tyrol . 
  vienna has mostly lost its dialect and , is because of that , disliked by most of austria . 
  tyroleans often gets fun made of because of their harsh k and ch . 
  in return tyrol makes fun of eastern austria for speaking slowly . 
  all of austria , except for vorarlberg and parts of tyrol , speak a bavarian dialect . 
  but even then there 's loads of variation . 
  the west , tyrol , being clearly influenced by alemannic dialects and the east being influenced by slavic languages . 
  unfortunately there 's still many people out there , especially in academic circles like universities , that perceive dialects as uneducated and therefore opt to not use their native dialect but use standard german . 
  quite a shame in my opinion . 
  the rest , and austria in general is rather proud of their dialects and use it in every aspect of their daily lives . 
  as mentioned before , vorarlberg does n't speak a bavarian but rather an alemannic dialect and is therefore often not understood by the rest of austria , except for its neighbouring region of tyrol . 
  vienna has mostly lost its dialect and , is because of that , disliked by most of austria . 
  tyroleans often gets fun made of because of their harsh k and ch . 
  in return tyrol makes fun of eastern austria for speaking slowly . 
  i 'm not handling it at all . 
  every time it 's in its high 20s up to 30 degrees i 'm dying . 
  unbearable , could n't handle any more probably, 
  i would n't know, 
  how are you going about learning z\u00fcrit\u00fc\u016btsch ? 
  if there was a ranking of the militaries of europe , whereabouts would you put the german army ? 
  in general ? 
  fields where you excel ? 
  and samnaun in switzerland : ^ ), 
  oh but wurscht is the only correct pronounciation anyways : ^ ), 
  i understood everything perfectly fine : ^ ), 
  mostly mpreis , hofer and spar . 
  there are n't any dialect courses as far as i know , so i 'd be surprised as to how they 're even studying it actively . 
  and not just immersing themselves to pick it up passively, 
  standard german ? 
  okay , i wouldnt really pay attention to that . 
  but my dialect is a completely different story , no matter how ` butchered ' the words would be or how difficult it would be to understand , i will sit there and hold the conversation in dialect . 
  never seen milk in plastic bottles before , only ever in tetrapak like packs . 
  get outta here with that , it 's called vorgl\u00fchen, 
  [ they 're called tabak trafik in austria ] ( http://www.l3-lichtwerbung.at/typo3temp/pics/cf9de3b231.jpg ), 
  milk in plastic bottles ? 
  yeah that thing , but it 's called krampus, 
  alright , that would 've been the first time i had seen someone use it haha, 
  you even use diminutives for guet ? 
  they 're not really that poor . 
  in comparison to the rest of austria they 're the poorest region , true , but the others probably just brought it up cause it 's different to the rest of eastern austria, 
  i 'd like to hijack that comment for austrian german, 
  germany was n't a thing back then, 
  but there 's virtually no alcohol under 3,5 % . 
  that 's really rough , so you basically always have to go to government owned stores to get alcohol ? 
  the state i live in ( tyrol ) has a density of 58/km \u00b2 while austria as a whole has around 104/km \u00b2, 
  never seen one , or heard of such a thing even . 
  not even petrol stations ? 
  just geographic, 
  spizdi sounds an awful lot like the austrian ` piss di ' ( dialect for verpiss dich ) which also means fuck off . 
  analcoholic shots ? 
  barefoot all day erryday, 
  worth mentioning that skiing is even more popular than football, 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/wmi2m06yffc ) fits it very well i 'd say . 
  it surely depends where you live in austria and switzerland though . 
  i know for a fact that people from chur often go to vorarlberg . 
  i could say the same about our eastern neighbours , that we 're only technically neighbours . 
  but there 's a bigger chance that the electronics will fail on you if you use them all the time and not just from time to time . 
  cash is definitely king in austria . 
  i do all my payments with cash , even the ones that cost me 100 + euros . 
  i love in an incredibly safe country with a basically 0 % chance of getting robbed so i like to keep some cash on me all the time to do my everyday payments . 
  and this way i do n't have to rely on electronics and systems that could go down any moment . 
  it 's just more convenient to me . 
  [ even tyroleans ? 
  i heard it was quite ironic, 
  huh , the decks used in tyrol are apparently called [ wilhelm tell deck ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/doppeldeutsche_preference.jpg/800px-doppeldeutsche_preference.jpg ) . 
  it seems as though there are loads of variations in the austrian decks, 
  the ones currently in use , in innsbruck , are [ these ones ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/durtnc7qupm/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  before that we used [ these ones ] ( http://666kb.com/i/ctj7b3qtt459ih9gj.jpg ), 
  of course it 's an accent , it 's even a dialect . 
  just happens to be the standard one, 
  true , we even consider some parts of our own country as inferior . 
  south tyrol we would n't count as inferior though . 
  same , 
  v i e n n a, 
  well , yeah ? 
  vienna is n't all of austria though , is it ? 
  we 're generally very relaxed people and do things at our pace . 
  if you 're visiting that 's just something you 'll have to deal with . 
  of course , you can take those 5 seconds out of your life , 
  when people tell me i should learn proper german . 
  when people complain about us standing on both sides of the escalator . 
  feel free to add more, 
  i 'd say uncommon , but as of late there 's been quite a few . 
  especially when they 're on a mountain it 's quite a hassle to put them out , cause you got ta do it per helicopter which ca n't carry as much water as the plane specifically made for putting out fire can, 
  i believe knabbernossi took it 's inspiration from the cabsnossi which i did n't know existed before i did my military service . 
  that also reminds me of a similar salami/sausage product called landj\u00e4ger which is also some kind of brand name i guess, 
  true , those things are called stanleymesser . 
  and yeah , generally you mean the transparent one if you want a tixo , but it works for both ( i do n't know a separate word for the bigger kind, 
  i 'm glad vorarlberg stayed with us , now my dialect is only the 2nd weirdest one according to the average eastern austrian . 
  well , if what my parents have told me is true , then well back to the 15th century , but the farthest back i can trace without doing some work is maybe 1900 . 
  pretty much universal in austria is the use of ` tixo ' for duct tape . 
  we 've also got uhu for glue and i know some people say ` tempo ' for tissue .
