  there 's most likely more , but those are the ones i can think of at the top of my head . 
  yep , it 's called lehre in austria as well , because ausbildung , as you said , is very generic . 
  true , it does sound excessive , even for swiss standards . 
  where from are you then ? 
  every door has locks for which you need keys . 
  bath and toilet doors have the twisty locks, 
  barefoot all year round, 
  they do , and it 's not that difficult to understand . 
  you just need to open your little standard german bubble and let other things in . 
  meaning you 're still calling me a german . 
   popularity does n't make quality . 
  when did we put ` quality ' into the equation ? 
  are you really saying austria = australia is quality ? 
   lol , no ... are you serious ? 
  i even linked the basis . 
   cool story . 
  still way too specific to be compared to austria = australia . 
  now we 're talking about specificness ? 
   and you are deluded if you think the finland joke is less dead-beaten ... of course it is less dead beaten . 
  the mix up between austria and australia has been around for decades if not centuries , it 's been even featured in [ films ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vriubfljtx0 ) . 
  the ` finland does n't exist ' joke is merely 3 years old , there is no possible way it 's as dead beaten as the joke about mixing up austria with australia . 
  arguing with you is a lost cause , everytime i counter one of your arguments you come up with a new one you pull out of your arse . 
  i 'm stopping this argument right here . 
  what is funny and what is n't is entirely subjective and i can not believe that you 're really trying to tell me what i am supposed to find funny and what not . 
  you 're still hypocritical for saying one dead beaten joke is ok to make cause you find it funny and the other dead beaten joke is n't ok to make cause you dislike it . 
  what is funny and is n't is entirely objective . 
  i got 15 upvotes on the comment meaning atleast 15 people liked it or found it funny , probably more since i 'm almost certain i 've been downvoted by you and a bunch of other people . 
  even though the finland does n't exist meme is n't [ random ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/finland-does-not-exist ) , because it 's got , as i said a basis , ` randomness ' is n't a variable to measure fun in . 
  also , the randomness in this case is also entirely subjective as well . 
  if you 're saying you have n't seen an explanation why it should be funny then you just have n't taken 2 seconds out of your life to google ` finland does n't exist ' . 
  because if you did , you 'd have your answer . 
  what you 're saying is that the dead-beaten , ever repeating internet punchline about austria = australia is funny but the much less dead-beaten , ever repeating internet punchline about finland not existing is n't funny because of some bullshit ` randomness ' argument you came up with . 
  the story behind austria being australia is people not knowing their geography , the story being finland not existing is about 2 nutcase parents thinking finland was made up by the japanese , russians and swedish people and the u.n. going along with that . 
  in my opinion , which is entirely subjective , the latter is much funnier than people simply mixing up two countries . 
  the only thing i see here is you trying to tell me what is and is n't funny . 
   anyone , who knows enough about finland to consider it way too random . 
  anyone , who knows enough about geography would consider austria being australia way too random . 
   because there is an actual basis for this pun - the similar sounding name . 
  there 's also a basis for the finland doesnt exist jokes , another joke gone viral , which according to google has only been around since 2014 while the austria = australia one has been around even before the internet existed , so it 's by far the more dead beaten ever-repeating internet punchline and still fine by your standards ? 
   it 's not like we 're gon na laugh at every ever-repeating internet punchline . 
  quite hypocritical , do n't you think ? 
   perhaps this joke is funny for someone . 
  but it 's just too random to be actually funny for us . 
  are you saying with ` us ' you meant every person on the internet or just the ones affected by the jokes ( finns ) ? 
  i can see the dialect diminishing in university cities because of all the foreigners there ^ ^ * cough * ^ ^ * germans * ^ ^ * cough * and people thinking it 's ` famers talk ' . 
  the rest of the country is probably going to retain it though since we 're very proud of our dialects, 
  maybe in vienna which is arguably not austria . 
  didnt know estonians were suddenly finns and get so defensive about them . 
  how come you do n't cry out in pain when there 's a joke about austria = australia or one of those ' i did nazi that coming ' puns ? 
  have i ever done anything to you for you to be so condescending just because i made a joke ? 
  it 's not unique though , just look at austria and switzerland . 
  no one here speaks standard german , it 's purely a written thing . 
   if you want me to praise z\u00fcrich you really have to work on your dialect ( at least to the point where it does n't sound like a throat disease ) are you a b\u00fcndner ? 
  ignore him , he 's called me german even though i 'm from austria, 
  the weather is n't the only cold thing there, 
  what does hitler 's chainsaw sound like ? 
  runniggerniggerniggerrun ( you need to say it real fast so it sounds like a chainsaw ), 
  those are all lies , after all , finland does n't even exist, 
  soooooo , weed and prostitutes , eh ? 
  as long as it 's not suddenly also an insult used towards germans, 
  oh yeah , i knew about that , was a mistake on my part , i meant to respond to u/stewa02 's message, 
  nothing , but i think he might be from eastern austria and therefore not really ever in contact with switzerland . 
  i know a few people from chur and they all told me they like austria . 
  but that does n't have to mean anything since they 're friends with me , an austrian . 
  can you not just turn up both taps to get warm water ? 
  that 's how it works in austria at least . 
  [ a little mouse  ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/images/b/b2/make-muesli-step-20.jpg ), 
  maybe where you 're from, 
  welp , eastern austria always had a weird dialect . 
  it 's still omelette though : ^ ), 
  i do the same with germans that visit my city , you should see their faces when they do n't understand a word of what i say even though they 're in a country that speaks german, 
  well yeah , the walliser dialekt is a lot harder to understand than the other swiss dialects ( and i 'm being very general ) because they 're using lots of dialect words that are n't really shared with most of the other swiss dialects and to a lesser extent my own dialect . 
  well i do live next to a region speaking an alemannic dialect and the swiss happen to be speaking one as well, 
  that 's a different omelette . 
  r\u00fchr what ? 
  [ omelette ] ( https://www.gutekueche.at/img/rezept/4621/230x153_sweety-omelette.jpg ), 
  and in the west it 's no problem either , the swiss are easily understood and south west you 've got ` italy ' , well s\u00fcdtirol , where the people also speak german . 
  a couple of centuries back it would n't have been a problem , but due to the rise of standard german and the near extinction of all low german dialects it 's not that way anymore . 
  yeah exactly , omelette . 
  no no , i think he 's talking about semmelen . 
  you mean omelette ? 
  gott vergelts , 
  latvia is also pretty nice, 
  depends on where you are . 
  if you 're farther away from a big city people tend to wear trachten more often , especially on occasions ( i 'm being unspecific because every ` gathering ' can be a reason ) . 
  in bigger cities pretty much never . 
  hopefully not, 
  i do n't really know about austria as a whole , but for tyrol , as opposed to the official one [ ` zu mantua in banden ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsiu2hq-qiw ) , we 've got [ ` dem land tirol die treue ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pg9oudmf82w ) . 
  i shall take back my snarky remark then, 
  you should probably also mention which city , but i 'm just going to assume it 's vienna . 
  have n't heard of it , but i 'm also not from the east of austria . 
  italy : tschingalla , itaga switzerland : schwiiza ( not really derogatory , but i 'm still good mention that ) germany : pief , piefke , ( sau ) preiss for the eastern countries you 'll have to ask my eastern landsmen . 
  even your eastern landsmen would agree with me : ^ ), 
  in tirol you pronounce it like that : ^ ), 
  they do n't stop going to school at the age of 15 . 
  they start their ` lehre ' with the age of 15 which involves practical and technical classes and it takes around 3 years to complete . 
  former is usually provided by one of their possible future employers in their specific field and latter is basically like schoolclasses had you chosen to ` stay ' in school . 
  and obviously those classes focus on their trade and not on english . 
  at the end of those 3 years those people need to sit through practical and technical exams like the people who chose to stay in school . 
  well , they 're not uneducated though , they 're just educated in other parts which just do n't include english .
