  additionally we 've got [ perchten ] ( https://www.salzburg.info/website/var/tmp/image-thumbnails/30000/38888/thumb__slider-main/perchten-07.jpeg ) . 
  people dress up like that and run through cities and villages generating a lot of noise and being scary . 
  it happens from the end of december to january and is supposed to get rid of the evil spirits of the winter . 
  another thing we 've got are the [ muller ] ( https://puu.sh/vojhf/c48cc30633.jpg ) . 
  the different figures on the pictures embody the different seasons of the year . 
  the ` mullerlauf ' usually happens around carnival ( fasnacht or fasching ) and is abig thing . 
  see for yourself , here 's a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihfwzsdgiqq ) . 
  it 's reddit , anything that 's close to not being left is bound do be downvoted . 
  just cause you 're a filthy viennese and cant speak in a dialect ... pfffffffffffff / s, 
  in austrian it would be either wean or wian, 
  wouldnt actually be that much of a problem in austria , we 've got regions where people natively use the ` english r ' . 
  tyrolian ( native ) standard german ( learned in school ) english ( fluent ) italian ( conversationally ) spanish ( good enough to get by in spain ) and if it counts i can also translate quite a bit in latin seeing as i had for it 7 years in school : ^ ), 
  have you ever listened to a tyrolian dialect ? 
  it 's bavarian with a lot of alemannic features and swiss pronounciation . 
  [ also here 's a song , i quite like , in vorarlbergisch if you wan na get a quick taste of it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmi2m06yffc ), 
  zuckerr\u00fcben what now ? 
  you do , but from what i 've experienced they 're very rare to encounter, 
  nah , you can keep that shit in germany . 
  hmm , maybe switzerland ? 
  we 've got the same thing going on with germans and viennese, 
  mpreis are only operated in the west of the country , but yeah . 
  on my list mpreis would be on the top with no doubt . 
  for me it 'd be 1 . 
  hofer 3 . 
  billa 6 . 
  lidl penny does n't exist anywhere near where i am , so i wouldnt know of their quality . 
  i have n't seen a single food truck my entire life , so , no , iwould n't say they are, 
  there 's loads of germans flooding austrian universities every year cause they do n't have good enough grades to get into university courses in germany . 
  courses like psychology and medicine often tend to have more foreigners than austrians . 
  let me add some others toaschn , dolm , ( sau ) hund , soacha , fetza , zefix , hardigatti , harrschaftszeitn , kruzifix , aschta , puttana ( stolen from our italian neighbours ), 
  damn right she did !, 
  anything else would be completely wrong, 
  * you 're germans , right ? 
  * why do n't you learn to speak proper german ? 
  my family has one , but i 've only seen it once when i was very little and forgot what it looked like . 
  most likely because nobility is n't allowed in austria anymore, 
  i 'm doing my military service , so i guess you can imagine , 
  not sure how far this is used , but in tyrol i 've seen many people start using the words ` puttana ' ( italian for whore ) . 
  and in south tyrol a lot of the swearing is done in italian . 
  same in austrian german - tschorn that 's neat, 
  gib back south tyrol pls, 
  true , back then austrians really wanted to create a new country with germany and no one is denying that . 
  nowadays it changed a lot though to the complete opposite case, 
  bavaria at the very most, 
  i live close to the italian border , so we were taught italian in school , but since the italian county we 're bordering is south tyrol you do n't ever need italian . 
  yup , vorarlberg is the place of austria bordering switzerland and liechtenstein, 
  'd ` fiass ham ma weh tau ' is pretty much my anthem right now doing my military service, 
  them not knowing about us would be okay though , if they would n't assume all those things i 've mentioned above and treated us like any other country they dont know anything about . 
  additionally to that many germans know so incredibly little about austria even though they study at a university here . 
  many germans also regard austria as nothing more than a backwards little germany and talk shit about our dialect which is very important for us . 
  unless i get to know some german better i 'll always have a certain disdain towards them because of that . 
  miim, 
  `` pretending '', 
  everywhere i 've lived so far the washing machine has been in the bathroom , but where i live now its in the kitchen . 
  if they would choose to do 6 months of military service instead of 9 months of civil service , then obviously yes , they would 've chosen it . 
  additionally , the things you have to do in those 6 months of military service are very much possible for men and women alike , so , as i said , yes . 
  if then they decide to stay in the military they should and have to keep up with what the men do . 
  wars or any other distasters do n't discriminate against different genders . 
  if your military comrades ca n't rely on you , then you shouldnt be in the military . 
  we already have mandatory military service , which i 'm currently doing , and yes i do think women should also be forced to do it . 
  not our fault we have already evolved into the next way of speaking . 
  i guess the rest ( except vorarlberg ) are just behind . 
  that does n't say anything though , i ca n't name a single german beer either . 
  what you said, 
  if you take the definition of the term literally , then yes . 
  if you use it as if all the other countries are shit and should be wiped out , then no . 
  \u00c5schta for an exclamation when you hurt yourself in a mild way . 
  do n't really know what it means though . 
  and either hardigatti , harrschaftszeiten or puttana ( which is an italian influence ) for an exclamation when you 're annoyed by something . 
  for example when you drop something on your feet . 
  exactly , also the past few months / r/europe has turned into a political shitfest . 
  i 've left it purely cause i 'm not very religious and because i do n't want to pay the church tax . 
  aha , so tell me , how and when did austrians start talking german ? 
  did you by any chance send over settlers and created colonies ? 
  or did you invade , get rid of our previous language and substituted it with german ? 
  if so , please tell me what our previous one was . 
  or perhaps you threw a dictionary across the mountains to teach formerly mute people how to speak ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested in what you might have to say , what you 're genius mind might come up with . 
  massively disrespectful . 
  it 's not like germany owns the language or anything like that . 
  switzerland , yes . 
  italy in some cases . 
  none of the others though , at least in my case . 
  ( i would cheer for liechtenstein , but they never seem to compete ), 
  that 's also a thing you do in southern germany and austria . 
  we call it maibaum . 
  you used to hang little parcels at the top of the tree and people would scale it to get one . 
  now it 's forbidden in many places due to ` safety ' . 
  as a child i really did n't have anything against germans , until i learned many germans do n't regard us as a separate country but more like ` little germany ' . 
  which i greatly dislike . 
  and then there 's also many germans that , as you said , really dislike our dialect and tell us to learn ` proper german ' . 
  for those reasons , and a few others , until i get to know a certain person better , i 'll always have disdain for germans as a whole . 
  i do n't give a shit about the fact that we used to be a huge empire but have now collapsed into our ` core parts ' . 
  ( more or less , rip south tyrol ) i believe that 's better then having a huge diverse empire . 
  fuk yeh we do . 
  it 's just those filthy germans that do n't !, 
  how can someone call themselves a germanic language without an \u00e5 ? 
  learn proper austrian goddammit . 
  it 's fuassb\u00e5ll !,
