  never heard it being used to excuse cursing, 
  i thought it was normal , but i guess they really dont want us to use plastic bags, 
  yes , their cost ranges from 20 to about 70cents . 
  some do , mainly the ones with a name giving city . 
  like innsbrucks flag is also the flag for the county innsbruck, 
  but counties do have coat of arms . 
  tyrol for example has an eagle . 
  nearly , it 's innschprugg . 
  pronounced like a g at the end , not like a k. 
  even austrians misspronounce the city i 'm from ( innsbruck ) , so i do n't mind if a foreigner does so too, 
  we do , a dialect of german . 
  depending on where you are in austria you 'll have more or less troubles understanding the natives if you only speak standard german . 
  english , italian , spanish , french and latin are among the most common ones you learn in school . 
  some schools also offer other languages though , like russian . 
  the articles in the bavarian wikipedia are even written in different kinds of bavarian dialects, 
  they 're really not at all different to people from western countries . 
  i 've played , and am still playing , online video games like csgo , lol and garry 's mod ( not anymore ) and realised that there are just as many idiots from eastern europe than there are from western europe . 
  the same goes for great people . 
  so , eastern europe is for me nothing more than a non-deserved , or outdated , stigma, 
  pretty much the same in austria and switzerland except that it 's namittag and not nachmittag . 
  the only capital that really is nearby to where i live is vaduz . 
  even bern is closer than vienna . 
  tirol does not forget !, 
  hasch eh woa , bleib in deim flachland , oft weama it vaseicht . 
  you know , it hurts when an austrian calls s\u00fcdtirol by their slave name, 
   small town  50.000 people ok, 
  [ i 'm talking about alpine skiing , the only real skiing . 
  nope , austrians definitely do do that, 
  live and let live : ^ ), 
  especially tirol ? 
  could you elaborate please ? 
  skiing and we 're the goddamn best at it, 
  here in tyrol youll see the regional tyrolean flag with the eagle crest quite a lot . 
  the austrian flag not so much though, 
  austrian here , but i talk to scots on a day to day basis and also got honolulu , probably their influence . 
  other than that i got jersey and new york, 
  just like everyone 's german is better than the german german, 
  unless its caused by too much rain , cant say we are . 
  we 're quite cosy in the valleys and on top of our mountains, 
  i normally shower only 2-3 times a week too . 
  obviously if i 'm sweaty every day i shower every day , but if there are weeks with cold weather and me not sweating showering 2 or 3 times a week absolutely suffices, 
  to me the sounds of danish are very similar to standard german . 
  it sounds very much alike and i get the same feelings when i hear standard german and danish, 
  my city of innsbruck is located right at the inn river ( the name innsbruck translates to inn 's bridge ) which is a pretty big river surrounded by a reasonably big city ( 120k citizens ) . 
  additionally to that we 're surrounded by mountains that provide us with more water than we could ever use up . 
  italian sweets, 
  fritattensuppe was the first thing that came to mind when i read the title . 
  yeah its like that in every germanic language except english has to be the outlier again, 
  i 've got a few american friends that i 've got to know better via the internet and i can tell you that most of the time it 's not just a stereotype . 
  one has been living on a military base in germany for basically his entire life and knows nothing about germany and doesnt speak a shred of german . 
  the others pretty much know nothing either . 
  while they 're generally nice and curious they 're also so incredibly ignorant . 
  i feel like they havent captured our greatness of being the eastern realm . 
  also many people are confusing us with australia . 
  i definitely do . 
  really have n't heard anything bad about our police forces and i myself have only had positive encounters as well . 
  born in 97 , and yes , i 've been spanked a few times . 
  always on the ass cheeks and most likely deserved it . 
  the only time i remember the reason was when i broke something very expensive and didnt want to admit it , so that one was definitely deserved, 
  seeing as i voted for the \u00f6vp party , which are centre right , you could say i 'm right , but i do n't see myself as a right winger , so no , i do n't . 
  umm you can have vienna i guess . 
  would make both germany and austria happy : ^ ), 
  those filthy german barbarians . 
  you eat french fries by hand and everyone knows that . 
  so , how would you normally eat french fries ? 
  and how to the natives of the ruhrgebiet do it ? 
  who cares about triest ? 
  south tyrol is much better, 
  it 's not palatschinken in all of austria though . 
  in the west , right starting at tyrol people say omelette . 
  fuck italy , marry switzerland ( even if they dont want to  ) , kill germany easier . 
  the only people that think dialects are farmers speech are from vienna ;-), 
  glasgow ? 
  same thing in austria . 
  as well as viennese being very arrogant and condescending, 
  first time anyone ever called tirolean adorable and charming . 
  that sounds a lot like the german schotter , which is also gravel and used for money . 
  living in the alps is gr8 though . 
  you look at the mountains and you wonder whats beyond , it makes you want to go on an adventure . 
  in the flatlands nothing would give me any intention to go somewhere . 
  and we are an alpine nation . 
  the alps cover about 65 percent of the country 's total area . 
  nothing in the world is perfect , thats why american teeth are so weird , because they 're too perfect to be normal . 
  exclusively austrians ... ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ ^ doing ^ ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ ^ military ^ ^ ^ ^ service ^ ^ ^ ^ so ^ ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ kinda ^ ^ ^ ^ obvious, 
  [ thats not the right kind of throat cancer ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shbovz2juda ) ( comedy sketch in a very basic tyrolean dialect . 
  - you know so that non tyroleans can understand it as well  ), 
  i think i very much am invited to the throat cancer club . 
  i 'm from tyrol and every ch and k we pronounce here is pure throat cancer . 
  it just those filthy eastern austrians that arent allowed to join . 
  you mean every dialect that has throat cancery sounds , right ? 
  you remembered there 's a ` sch ' but you put it into the wrong position , it 's weissw\u00fcrschtl . 
  we 've gto a name for those spirits over here in tyrol , they 're called ` wuzelen ' . 
  as in little ones . 
  neuroskunk seems to underestimate our ability to understand the swiss a little . 
  it is probably true that only the western provinces understand the swiss but the intelligability stretches much farther than just austrias westernmost province , vorarlberg . 
  for example the tyroleans dont have troubles understanding the swiss either . 
  verstehst du diesen [ wetterbericht ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3-ufpcubse ) ? 
  never seen your so called vierkanter , but the first picture you posted are the ones that you 'd find , as you already said , in the alps and the ones i know of . 
  erecting poles in may also exists in austria , we call them ` maibaama ' ( maytrees ) .
