  yeah , i watched a pretty funny video about him speaking in english yesterday . 
  i was very amused, 
  this is just too similar to the quota system for jobs . 
  the best should be at the top because they 're the most qualified and not because someone would deem it racist or discriminating . 
  s\u00fcdtirol in italy . 
  nearly nothing would change . 
  maybe switzerland or norway, 
  really ? 
  from my perspective titles are omnipresent in austria . 
  maybe youve just never paid attention to it cause it 's normal to you ? 
  i believe only those at a gymnasium, 
  they also speak german in liechtenstein and the northern part of italy, 
  i have n't heard of those dishes until now , must be an eastern austrian thing, 
  am i wrong to assume that bliva actually meant something along the lines of ` to stay the same ' ? 
  cause if so , then it 's kinda amazing how it changed the meaning to be the exact opposite . 
  same in austria , we say buffet ( b\u00fcfe ) . 
  but i guess kiosk exists in the dictionary even though nobody uses it . 
  i was recently told that the dialectal german word for gap ( klussn ) comes from latin claudere . 
  you forgot psychology, 
  yes , that 'd be totally different in austria , maybe even the other way around since everyone in austria , except for many viennese , speaks a dialect and has an accent . 
  well yeah , it would n't work the same way cause they have n't ever done it , so obviously there are n't any connotations for that in german . 
  german synchronisation is quite boring , they always sound the same and it 's always standard german . 
  even if a dwarf in the english version for exmaple had a scottish accent , it 's just always the same boring things . 
  i do n't know many apartments with a separate garderobe , it 's usually just the very beginning when you come inside , so here people usually take of the shoes before entering in the stiegenhaus, 
  no they 're not , they 're shitty compared to austrian alps , as soon as you cross the border , they just rise in quality and i 'm totally not lying : ^ ), 
  i do n't live in vienna , i 'm from tyrol and i 'd say pretty much no one has such things as i 've never seen one in my lifetime before, 
  never seen those two things in my life before . 
  some people allegedly visited s\u00f6lden because of the james bond film . 
  also : ja no na net ( yes still no not ) = you do n't say rutsch ma 'n buggl oi ( slide down my back ) = shove it, 
  the second to last one , with the sausage , also exists slightly changed in german ( at least in austria ) isch ma wurscht ( ist mir wurst ) - i do n't care, 
  i talk with native speakers and people from other countries everyday on the internet . 
  i started maybe 5 years ago with a game called garry 's mod and made some friends there with whom i still play games everyday . 
  ( league of legends , counterstrike ), 
  just do n't call us germans and you wont have problems . 
  i do n't consider germany as a `` bigger brother '' , they 're like any other country to me . 
  the only thing that annoys me about most germans is that they think of austria as little germany . 
  maybe in the eastern part of austria , which slovenia borders , and as a westerner , i wholeheartedly agree . 
  we 'd finally be connected to our other part that 's been lost to italy , so i would n't mind all that much , especially since we 'd probably get all the special treatments that south tyrol gets as well . 
  would make vorarlberg an exlave though . 
  i know i spelled it wrong , i was making a joke about westeros of game of thrones , as / u/mrlemonofbanana did before  i could 've just copy-pasted what you wrote . 
  even though i still technically live in the city , the next closest shop is roughly 10 minutes away , by bus . 
  and since i 'm a lazy fuck and carrying groceries with your bike does n't work all that well , it has to be by bus . 
  no , westeros is a city in middle ( ? ), 
  sweden , circa a bit ( ? ), 
  more west of stockholm . 
  how did i do ? 
  i do n't speak swedish at all . 
  hmm , we have : tomate , tomate , dei zipfl kunn karate ( tomato , tomato , your penis knows karate ) - nonsense saying wer hat den sch\u00f6nsten schuh ( who has the most beautiful shoe ) - to figure out the one who has to seek in hide and seek , or who has to be the first catcher in tag . 
  mickey mouse zieht die hose aus , zieht sie wieder an und du bist dran ( mickey mouse takes off his pants , puts them back on and you 're it ) - same as above neuer koch muss kochen lernen ( new cook has to learn how to cook ) - if someone joins an ongoing game of hide and seek , they 'll have to be the seeker next round . 
  i 'm sure there 's more , i just forgot them by the looks of it . 
  it 's completely the same in austria . 
  villach i 'd say . 
  what about left-handed people though ? 
  you should keep in mind though , that you wo n't find the ` nature ' that austria is often visited for in vienna . 
  there are n't any mountains in vienna and to get there you 'd have to drive a few hours westward . 
  in vienna you ` only ' get to see the city . 
  i do n't know if any other country does that , but if you greet/say goodbye to someone you usually use multiple salutations/valedictions . 
  normal greeting would be `` servus - grias di/enk '' and for saying goodbye you 'd probably say something along the lines off `` ciao - pfiat di/enk '' or `` servus - pfiat di/enk '' . 
  tirol can into publicity !, 
  yes , but what has that to do with our neutrality ? 
  huh , that 's interesting . 
  when i read your message i was on teamspeak with 2 scotts and i 've asked then to pronounce 6th . 
  one said ` sigth ' the other one sixth, 
  we did build our neutrality after ww2 according to switzerlands neutrality though , so he 's not wrong . 
  and germany and france are n't even the countries with the highest percentage of smokers . 
  just adopt the non-rhotic r trick , you know , the way they speak in stereotypical english accents . 
  then it 'd be something like m\u00f6\u00f6dra, 
  the u/oo in scottish accents sounds to me like an \u00fc : ^ ), 
  yeh that how i 've been saying it , although now with a german z sound , but rather with a normal english s ( i guess . 
  my go to english pronunciation guide is just dropping half of the letters : ^ ), 
  i 'd like to believe that i got the most right as well , it 's just that i do n't know many of the words so i had to guess how you 'd pronunce them . 
  i 've just always been pronuncing the x in that particular word like a g . as in `` sigth '' . 
  and tsch instead of tj . 
  i thought the pronunciation of that is simply `` sigth '' . 
  atleast i 've been doing it like that and i do n't think i 've heard natives pronunce it any differently, 
  a great majority uses cash in austria , sometimes debit card and veeery rarely credit card . 
  i was wondering why you had skipped us , but then i read your name and everything was clear to me . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5, 
  a stereotypical irish accent for me would be pronuncing ` th ' like a t , pronuncing the ` a ' more like the a 's you 'd find in western central europe 's languages , talking a little slower than the english and properly pronuncing every single ` r ' . 
  what other languages do you speak , and with whom do you speak that language , if at all . 
  actually no . 
  i prefer norway cause i know a few norwegians and i 've also started studying the language ( even though i 've been slacking the past few days ) . 
  finland is second because i like the melody of the finnish language , iceland because apparently it 's the closest to old norse , denmark is rated so low because it sounds like standard german and sweden is just everywhere in comparison to the other nordic countries . 
  in bavarian you have the word `` fotze '' , which translates to three things . 
  face 2 . 
  slapping someone in the face 3 . 
  pussy and also the word ` alm ' which translates to : 1 . always 2 . 
  and is also the name for an inn/tavern up in the mountains, 
  norway 2 . 
  finland 3 . 
  iceland 4 . 
  sweden my personal rankings . 
  i 'm very interested in languages and therefore in hearing what your most common problem is when speaking english and whether it 's connected to your native language . 
  i 'd myself call myself a proficient english speaker , obviously not perfect and with hiccups here and there as it 's not my first language . 
  but the thing i 'm often struggling with is the differentiation between t/d and p/b . 
  in austrian german both those letter pairings are usually pronounced very similarly to each other , to the point of them sounding identical . 
  hence why , when spelling something out , we often say hard or soft d/t or b/p . 
  when talking in english that often time transfers over and words like ticket would sound like ` dicked ' . 
  do you identify only with your region where you live ? 
  or also the ones surrounding your region , your whole country , other countries or maybe even all of europe ?
