  that 's what i was taught in austria, 
  i really ca n't think of any eu flags or anything the like in innsbruck . 
  i have absolutely never considered tipping my barber ... 
  the only people i tip are food deliverers and waiters at a restaurant , but mostly just to even out the price from 19 $ to 20 $ for example, 
  i 'm no expert at grammar , but i believe you 'd use an \u00df if it 's followed by a long vowel ( bu\u00dfe ) and a ss if it 's a short vowel ( busse ) . 
  if you 're unsure however , just use a ss , works better than using an \u00df in my opinion . 
  i know there 's a few words spelt differently however i 'm not aware of a different rule, 
  the reform took place longer than 6 years ago . 
  your teacher was n't up-to-date back then . 
  i did . 
  i can ask some salzburgian student colleagues whether they say feber or februar . 
  where 'd the arrrsch/oasch border lie in your book ? 
  oh right , i see . 
  i figured because of the name they might be closer related . 
  i guess people from that general area settled there then ? 
  oh yeah , we also pronounce it ` fewer ' ( obviously not like the english word fewer though ) , but spell it with a b. 
  do the swabians in germany not use that word anymore ? 
  feber is a lot more common than februar where i 'm from . 
  really uncommon . 
  while the dialect in innsbruck is slowly ` dying out ' due to the fact that a huge portion of our inhabitants are students and most of them from germany . 
  the dialect still exists however in a very reduced form . 
  people have told me that my dialect is on the more extreme side however , which might be because i really do n't like using standard german words when we 've got perfectly fine local words for it . 
  when 've you been taught that ? 
  but you need that, 
  welp , you ca n't really distinguish them though . 
  i 'm not sure about their official stance , however those that came 15-25 years back , never integrated . 
  they 've always been living in their distinct bubble out of the way of austrian society . 
  there 's chechens that came to austria at a very young age and still only speak incredibly broken german and know no more than a few words to get by . 
  additionally to that , there are still chechens coming to austria . 
  recently i 've watched a documentary about chechens that came to austria in recent years and they 've been talking about how they grew up around constant fights and war , so that 's apparently still going on . 
  in which case they could be either war refugees , but most likely economic refugees as they did n't stop in the first safe country . 
  why back in 00 ? 
  there 's still chechen refugees in austria to this day . 
  you forgot the austrian feber * instead of februar . 
  ca n't really think of one , to be honest : /, 
  but the ` english ' r is being used in german speaking regions . 
  fulpmes in tirol for example . 
  if you 're into video games you could look for some with in-built voice chat . 
  basically the same here except that we pronounce the c like ` ts ' in most cases . 
  nothing in particular to be honest , except for one thing , i keep mixing up t - d and p - b. 
  in my dialect there 's only a small distinction between those two sounds . 
  and sometimes when i say for example ` try ' it sounds like ` dry ' . 
  well there 's a good chance that they 're from vienna as it 's the most populated city in austria by far . 
  well many people in vienna , not all of them though , are very arrogant . 
  their dialect which has widely devolved into an accent is pretty annoying and it always sounds like they 're whining . 
  then there 's those people that think literally everyone is a peasant and more often than not i 've seen people say ` wir sind eure hauptstadt ihr bauern ! ', 
  meaning ` we 're your capital you peasants . 
  all in all very unpleasant there . 
  yup , lago di garda is basically what you 're searching for . 
  germany and vienna, 
  get to da choppa, 
  definitely . 
  it takes me roughly 40 minutes to get to germany and even less to get to italy , although that 's south tyrol i 'm talking about , which i personally do n't consider italian . 
  real italy would take me a little longer . 
  but yeah , about 2 hours of driving is probably the most i 'd spontaneously be up for . 
  basically never . 
  a few time a year i see a troop transport truck, 
  if i go out and i 'm ` lucky ' i can spot maybe one or two . 
  but most of the time i do n't see any blacks . 
  brown people however i see all the time . 
  yup , you 're right , 
  but it 's commonly very accepted i 'd say . 
  even most ` old ' people seem to be completely fine with it, 
  it is how it is, 
  while i do like almdudler , i 'm relatively indifferent towards andy borg ( did n't even know who he was ) and tom turbo . 
  would you reckon the svp would let me in if i told them i 'm highly adaptable and already talk in a dialect mixture of bavarian and alemannic ? 
  i never once got sparklign water when i ordered water . 
  i have n't once got sparkling water when i ordered water , so i 'd say still water is definitely the default in austria . 
  not all of austria talks like those filthy eastern austrians though . 
  also , i 've been wondering , are there admission standards to being an honorary b\u00fcnzli ? 
  i might be interested, 
  innsbruck : the romans founded innsbruck , which they then called veldidena , at around 400 to 500 . 
  the name innsbruck came to be at 1180 . 
  i 'll most likely vote for the [ \u00d6vp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_people%27s_party ) . 
  hey , it 's reddit , filled 90 % with people from the left . 
  and even though people on the left preach tolerance they themselves ca n't tolerate other opinions . 
  hypocriticism at it 's finest . 
  in the case for austria and i 'd assume for most european countries it 's that if you 're born there , live there , are integrated in society and have the same values , traditions then you 're 100 % of that nationality . 
  even if your ancestors are from somewhere else but you 've lived your whole life in austria you 're still 100 % austrian with parents/grandparents/great grandparents/etc . 
  from another country . 
  however you yourself are still only austrian . 
  it is different however if your parents have segregated themselves from the countries culture and society and live in their own society usually made up of other people from the country they hail from . 
  those people usually do n't identify themselves with the country they live in at all but with the country their parents come from . 
  bavaria is n't known for schnitzel though and barely for the alps . 
  preach it , brotha !, 
  true , it very much depends on the kind of school you 're in . 
  if it 's a ` normal ' ahs ( highschool ) , in 3rd grade , you 'll get to choose between latin and french . 
  in 5th grade those who choose french have to have latin and those who chose latin can choose between french and italian . 
  in 6th grade you get to choose between a bunch of subjects , basically those you have n't chosen before + others like spanish . 
  that 's how it was in my school because i decided to take human sciences and not natural sciences . 
  for those who took natural sciences it 's a little different , but i 'm not too sure how exactly . 
  i ended up with english ( 8 years ) , latin ( 6 years ) , italian ( 4 years ) and spanish ( 3 years ) . 
  i also graduated in italian ( written ) and additionally english ( orally ) . 
  absolutely not , think about how unnecessarily dirty your house/apartment would be and the extra amount of cleaning you 'd have to do . 
  normally i 'm barefooted , sometimes i put socks on . 
  and the alps, 
  only those that you can buy at mcdonalds , which are called wraps , if selfmade in the west of austria we 'd call those things omelettes . 
  do n't know about the east though . 
  the chips however are still called nachos . 
  there 's probably regional differences .
