  i 've also asked around within my circle of friends and those who went to different schools also have never seen , or known of that concept before . 
  maybe that 's just a provincial thing and not for all of austria ? 
  i have never once seen a picture of the federal president in any classroom , so i doubt thats true . 
  and only the last classroom that me and my class were ever assigned to had some woodwork with the coat of arms . 
  wait , where you are everyone uses the bundesdeutsche w\u00f6rterbuch ? 
  here in the west i have n't even seen that one yet , everyone uses the standard german dictionary from duden for austria . 
  this one : http://www.duden.at/images/duden_at_2012.jpg however there is a wip for a austro-bavarian dictionary : the so called : w\u00f6rterbuch der bairischen mundarten in \u00d6sterreich . 
  is that a wordplay on austrians saying na instead of the standard german nein , or are you from a region where people would say 99 like that ? 
  but always remember : no -  na and 9 -  nein in austrian : ^ ), 
  interesting that the luxembourgish word for berg is biech . 
  in my dialect we have the word biechl . 
  although it 's only used for hills and not mountains . 
  do n't worry , eastern austrians follow the same syndrome standard german has , putting er 's everywhere and then pronouncing it like an a. 
  so in that case you do n't even pronounce the r. 
  another theory is that the romanian ` da ' derives from the latin ` ita ' . 
  that 's true . 
  also , contrary to popular belief , the people of scandinavia around a 1000 years ago were n't vikings . 
  they were northmen or something of that equivalent . 
  ` viking ' is actually a word for raid . 
  people back then used to go on raids or ' i v\u00edking ' . 
  i 'll take 2 please . 
  or more appropriate probably : geez 2, 
  yeah i 've heard that aswell , scots apparently has loads of northern germanic influence . 
  i remembered that greetin ment crying due to my exposure to glaswegians on the internet . 
  puss i had no idea though and just thought that might make sense . 
  what 's your crying problem all about then ? 
  is that what the title means ? 
  it is kuchlkaschtl . 
  no , i 'm from tyrol : ^ ), 
  germany should be part of austria then , not the other way around, 
  bella gerant alii , tu felix austria nube * cough cough *, 
  we have a harsh ch . 
  normally used when there 's an a infront of it like in acht . 
  but yeah , the rest dont have those i dont think, 
  what do you mean by voiced consonants ? 
  exactly , that word however is also used everywhere in austria , so depending where you are you 'll be asked if you needed a sackele , sackl or sackerl . 
  chuchi means kitchen right ? 
  oh right , yeah did n't see it . 
  i know what you mean with it sounding more natural to you . 
  are you from sk\u00e5ne by any chance ? 
  i think so , i 'd assume they 're talking about a bag/small bag . 
  after all in tyrol we 'd say sackele for a small bag . 
  your last point is very true , while i never learned french i 've had italian , spanish and latin in school , so vocabulary wise i was in the same situation . 
  my teachers always told us grammar is secondary , but vocabulary is absolutely necessary . 
  also , english might have a lot of romance words , but most of them are hardly ever used . 
  mostly you 'd use germanic words . 
  a fun thing to do is actually counting which words belong to which language group, 
  funnily enough i 've never had problems understanding the swiss . 
  i guess it 's due to the proximity and influence on my own dialect . 
  in tirol oi , aui , eini , aussi and entn haha but i told him he has to go west, 
  you can just use the rolled r ( which is standard in swedish , right ? 
  ) , there are big parts of german speaking population that use that , heck there are even places where the natives use the english r. 
  do n't stress yourself about the dialects , germans often do n't understand them either . 
  just like yesterday when i had to give directions to one ... he ended up just adding for the generel direction like west , east and so on . 
  and i did n't even speak how i normally would , i moderated myself after seeing his clueless face . 
  i did realise that a lot of swedes usually say ` shill ' instead of ` chill ' and other words like that . 
  i feel you , it 's horrible haha . 
  i often get made fun off ( ofc in a friendly way ) when i do stuff like that . 
  yeah , with french rulers having ruled over england for multiple hundreds of years the english language adopted loads of french words . 
  the thing with those words is though , that because back then only the nobility spoke french , most of those words never turned into everyday vocabulary and are nowadays barely used . 
  we 'd just say ` cola , fanta , sprite ' here . 
  we learn how to speak standard high german , but as / u/atlas _ at already said it feels weird and unfamiliar . 
  i 'd rather not talk at all than talk standard german . 
  if they understand my dialect then i have no problem talking to them . 
  and even though standard german was created out of high german and austrians dialects are all high german , there 's still huge differences to the point of germans not understanding us . 
  more inofficial than official . 
  i think the official one is the andreas-hofer-lied . 
  i knew that in tyrol we have such an anthem ( which apparently is known throughout all of austria ) , but i 've never actually known about whether other regions of austria also had one . 
  granted , i 've never thought about it and if i had to guess i 'd have probably said that they have them anyways . 
  thats for the most part true, 
  austrians just are n't really politically correct and very sarcastic . 
  i often times play video games with people all around europe , german included , and many times they talk about how what i just said would be judged to oblivion and beyond if i was in germany just now . 
  i usually read derstandard or die presse for general news about austria our europe . 
  if i want more local news i read the tt ( tiroler tageszeitung ), 
  fasnacht or fasching here, 
  well obviously the ` goldene backhendlzeit ' : ^ ), 
  cash is still very much king here in austria . 
  i personally exclusively use cash to pay because it 's accepted virtually everywhere . 
  cards on the other hand , even though more and more places accept them , are still quite often not accepted, 
  some on-topic video : ^ ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huk0midal30, 
  salzburg does red bull, 
  ca n't agree with the car brand . 
  i thought the same , so i observed the surrounding car brands a little ( im in a bus rn ) and throughout all of innsbruck i hardly saw any \u0160kodas and also did n't really see any car brands that were disproportionately popular, 
  in austria it 's a lot of nonsensical stuff that does n't have direct translations , but also a lot of religious and animal insults, 
  well the language in itself is a lot more similar to what they 'd speak in eastern austria , and for that matter also in bavaria . 
  also , i 'm rarely in eastern austria but visit south tyrol quite frequently . 
  i was in linz only once , but the people there were very different , i ca n't really explain it , but something just felt off . 
  which is n't the case for when i 'm in south tyrol . 
  is there a problem with me feeling that way ? 
  to be honest , not at all . 
  i do n't even feel connected to my country that much . 
  regions i feel connected to are my homeregion tyrol and southtyrol in italy . 
  it 's only called ess-zett in northern germany . 
  everywhere else it 's the ` sharp s ' . 
  i had never even heard of it being called ess-zett until some time ago . 
  many people that do n't live in northern germany probably still do n't know that, 
  / r/aeiou is on the same level, 
  the only people using that subreddit are germans though, 
  are those people living and working there or are they attending university ? 
  maybe a southeastern thing ?
