  i know of rex only cause of the tv show , neither of the people i know have dogs named theirs rex though . 
  and up until now i have n't heard of minka as a name before . 
  very negative thing in my opinion . 
  but police here have n't changed at all yet , so it does n't affect austria for now . 
  for dogs i 'm inclined to say that hasso and bello are pretty common names . 
  for cats i do n't know, 
  i see what you mean , thanks , 
  oh right , so the a is pronounced kind of like a scandinavian \u00e5 ? 
  how 'd you pronounce the ` r\u0251 ' ? 
  i do n't , and i also do n't know anyone that has . 
  you dont think bavaria is german ? 
  i 'm moving to south tyrol then, 
  mind explaining yourself ? 
  and bavaria is german, 
  i read below that you 're from southern germany , which is probably why you believe we 're cultural brothers . 
  i agree that we 're cultural brothers with the south of germany , but anything beyond is n't . 
  it 's not an austrianisation if it existed before standard german ( which it did ) . 
  ` bruada ' , ` kolleg ' and ' \u00c5lta ' and you 're right at home in western austria . 
  another thing in austria is ` moaschta ' . 
  andreas hofer . 
  he lead the rebellion against napoleon . 
  if not for him we 'd probably be talking french . 
  switzerland , liechtenstein , south tyrol and bavaria, 
  oh right , i see what you mean . 
  yeah , i can understand why it might sound arrogant . 
  it clumps everything non-parisian together as if it were one big region with no differences whatsoever . 
  i believe that 's a thing for most capitals of europe , just like how many viennese say they go to the countryside if they 're going on a holiday in austria but outside of vienna . 
  how would they pronounce it ? 
  and how would you do ? 
  unless it 's something entirely out of the ordinary i do n't normally ask non locals why they 're doing the things they 're doing , they themselves probably do n't even know the answer as it seems normal to them . 
  however it 's just small things that are usually a little of that your subconscious picks up . 
  locals act accordingly to the customs you 're used to . 
  well , we can connect with each other . 
  if you hear someone talking like you do you know he 's roughly from the same area . 
  they 'll understand what you 're talking about , they 'll more likely understand why you 're doing certain things , they understand you humour and so on . 
  they 'll just have a similar kind of connection as you , it makes you feel better knowing there 's someone around from the same general area as you are . 
  if everyone is talking exactly like each other you could just as well be talking to someone that lives a 1000km away from you and you 'd have nothing that you share except for language . 
  us in a more strict sense are the ones from your immediate surroundings , the province you 're from , maybe the one bordering yours . 
  in a looser sense your countrymen as a whole . 
  look , i never said our tradition is being lost in favour for the ` scary brown people ' ones , as you have put it so nicely . 
  i 've never even brought up refugees , that was you . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you to automatically assume that everything is about refugees when someone says something about being worried . 
  jesus christ , it is so annoying for everything to always be about that one topic . 
  it is so old to see everyone as a right winged nazi monster just because i do n't agree with things said by the left wing . 
  you do n't even know what political standpoint i have , yet you automatically assume that cause i said i 'm worried about tradition . 
  and yes , my culture is the problem , thanks for pointing that out so masterfully in a thread about what you 're embarrassed about in your own culture . 
  well , a huge part of what makes us ` us ' . 
  is our great linguistical variety . 
  unlike huge parts of germany which have already lost that in order to make place for boring standard german , nearly all of austria has retained their local dialects . 
  however , i can personally see that fade . 
  last time i 've been to vienna i was shocked to see that nearly no one was speaking viennese and was rather speaking standard german with an accent . 
  in my own city , innsbruck , i 've seen plenty of people losing lots of their normal dialectal vocabulary . 
  sure , agricultural terms are sing r out because nearly no one does agriculture anymore , but even basic things such as simple directions are being replaced . 
  nowadays they 'd rather say ` r\u00fcber ' instead of ` ummi ' , ` rein ' instead of ` eini ' , dr\u00fcben instead of ` entn ' , ` rauf ' instead of ` aui ' . 
  and the list goes on . 
  their children will never learn those words from them even though they 're the most basic words . 
  for now it only seems to affect the bigger cities and i hope it 'll stay that way , but i really ca n't see that happening, 
  huh , in tyrol we also say himper for raspberry, 
  a few years back in tyrol there used to be a movement to get back south tyrol . 
  they printed tshirts that said ` tausche wien gegen s\u00fcdtirol ' ( exchange vienna for south tyrol ) . 
  they gained a lot of popularity until they were n't allowed to print and sell them anymore . 
  have n't heard of it in a few years though . 
  whatsapp and jodel . 
  i 'm not including things like my alarm clock or any of the ` basic ' phone tools . 
  another austrian german thing is saying ` ich habe kalt ' ( i have cold ) instead of ` mir ist kalt ' ( i am cold ) or ` ich habe hunger ' ( i have hunger ) instead of ` ich bin hungrig ' ( i am hungry ) . 
  same principle applies to other status defining sentences . 
  this possibly comes from romance influences , for example the italian ` ho fame ' or ` ho freddo ' . 
  yeah , not really . 
  i just do n't like all this talk about ` one united country europe ' or being a ` citizen of the world ' . 
  i 'd like us austrians to advance but also keep the things that make us austrians . 
  but hey , i know , anything that is not 100 % left is a radical nazi , i know , so i 'm not surprised . 
  that most people give absolutely no shits about local traditions and that they 'd rather assimilate than stand for what is practised in their own region . 
  funnily enough they 're still very against the thought of being germany 2.0 , but if it keeps up like that , i can definitely see us being germany 2.0 happen very soon, 
  i 've been to all provinces of austria except for carinthia and styria . 
  luckily i only had to stay once in vienna for about a week . 
  not sure if it 's also used in germany but in austria we also say ` spring vu ana bruggn ' ( spring von einer br\u00fccke ) - jump off a bridge, 
  rather extreme gliding at over 140km/h , do n't you think ? 
  in a serious setting you 're absolutely right . 
  jokingly i 've heard it a few times already though, 
  hardly popular in tirol , and by hardly i mean i 've seen cider in supermarkets but have never actually seen someone buy or drink it, 
  where ? 
  i did n't even know who he was, 
  perfect , in fact , everything would be perfect as long as germany is gone : ^ ), 
  yes , please keep the swiss and exchange us . 
  any type of german is accepted . 
  bonus points if you learn the local austrian german dialect , but in general any type of german is fine . 
  if you 're a foreigner and learn german here it 's gon na be somewhat dialectal anyways . 
  i know what you mean . 
  no one speaks exactly like the standardised version dictates , with various changes to the language that 'd be deemed wrong . 
  i do n't get why people correct colloquial conversations ... 
  very important in austria . 
  as a tourist you obviously do n't need to speak it . 
  however if you live here it 's expected and essential for you to learn the language . 
  if not then everyone will dislike you greatly . 
  when i 'm at my dad 's , it 's schnapps , otherwise it 's syrup . 
  a 100m \u00b2 flat in innsbruck usually costs around 1400 $ . 
  you can find cheaper ones , but it 's very rare . 
  yes , basically any place that 's next to mountains usually has excellent tap water . 
  in innsbruck we have huge pure water reserves from the alps . 
  it 's quite simple really , vienna and it 's inhabitants are often disliked by people outside of it , because of the way the speak and some people act ( who basically think everything outside of vienna is countryside and everyone not living there is a peasant and worthless ) .
