well , in the treaties it is n't , and by the way it feels certainly is n't . 
  as i wrote in my reply to / u/mongo _ lloyd , not really . 
  the eurozone is intended to be the only speed for the eu ( except for the uk and denmark ) , with those not in it ( like sweden , czech republic , poland etc. ), 
  currently bending the rules to remain so . 
  except it is n't . 
  by the treaties , every member ( except the uk and denmark who got an opt-out ) is normally obligated to join the eurozone , so the design of the zone was made in a way that it would be the only option . 
  this is the exact opposite of a two-speed europe . 
  furthermore , the countries within the eurozone do n't have a fiscal union , even though it 's necessary to counteract the asymmetric shocks that we had in the eurozone crisis in 2008 . 
  this is once again related to the fact that eurozone is n't the inner core of a two-speed europe but a group of countries , some of whom do n't actually want to hand over fiscal controls or go for any federalisation for that matter . 
  the eu should let those countries ( slovakia , finland etc. 
  come to mind ) get out of the eurozone and join the outer circle , and those who want to stay with the euro can get a fiscal union and form a tighter bond . 
  that 's the thing , though . 
  the fact that you guys do n't want to be part of anything resembling federalism halts it in a mid-way stage , while the rest already got some sort of a union going with common currency , common borders , etc. 
  what we need is a two-speed europe . 
  let the euroskeptics stay in a free trade area . 
  let the more federal-leaning real powerhouses like germany , france , benelux etc. 
  fuse into something with real fiscal union . 
  show the second group the economic strength you can get by proper fiscal union , be the leading force for european integration . 
  with this half-arsed solution both sides are unhappy . 
  unfortunately i do n't come from france , but turkey . 
  in any case , france is a pretty atheist country as well , which is cool . 
  in general yes , but 30 years ' war was particular in that it ended up with catholicism being imposed by a foreign power . 
  not the best way to keep people faithful to a religion . 
  i have a czech roommate , she 's practically of the same opinion . 
  as someone who comes from a country with a supposed 90 % muslim population , it 's refreshing to see a country like yours . 
  they lost their religion well before communism . 
  30 years war does that to you . 
   after a change in the voting system that allowed anyone to pay three pounds to register and vote . 
  so more accessible for all party base ? 
  i ca n't see anything wrong with that . 
   labour will swing to the left and get crushed even harder at the polls . 
  we do n't know that for sure yet . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that new labour did n't cut it since had a centre-right stance when their opponent was a legitimate right-wing party , rendering them practically useless . 
  so having a right-left dichotomy for the upcoming elections might offer them the necessary traction to change something . 
  of course i wo n't deny that the uk has been generally been a right-wing country ( being the cradle of liberalism and all ) , but i 'll remain vigilant when it comes to scaremongering by saying `` now labour 's a left-wing party , they 'll disappear for sure '' . 
  plus , they 're named labour party for pity 's sake , they * should * be left-wing . 
  i 'd say since the party became new labour my original assesment of `` let 's move to the centre-right when there 's already a centre-right party '' remains true . 
  it was blair who called himself a thatcherite after all . 
  in any case corbyn got elected with 59 % of the votes . 
  whatever happens he has a big party support , so i 'm interested to see how it will play out . 
  no it is n't . 
  caliphate is the name of a state governed by a caliph , i.e the prophet 's placeholder . 
  think papacy , but infinitely more intervening in everyday politics . 
  so the is . 
  the kurds wanted the same thing that the is wants . 
  but noooooo let 's bash the turks for the genocide . 
  disaster ? 
  eh , it 's better than having a party that 's basically tories but slightly centre . 
  there 's no single lie in what i say , and you know it to be true . 
  go take your butthurt face out of my view . 
  i accept that the genocide happened like any rational human being , but i will not put up with any little shit trying to turn it into a racist `` turks are barbarians hurr durr '' charade . 
  he looks pretty serious since he immediately used the genocide card ( because a crime against humanity committed by a coup d'\u00e9tat government 's secret intelligence wing definitely puts the blame on the entire 600 year-long history of its state ), 
  it 's really hypocritical to call out the ottomans ( and them only ) for slave armies ( who somehow could also rise to the level of grand vizir , so not that much of a bad slave life is it ? 
  ) , when practices like encomienda and outright slavery according to skin were commonplace in other parts of the world . 
  oh yeah , just look at the fuming in this thread screaming slave armies :(, 
  as far as i know , it goes like this : there 's a big diplomatic meeting between great powers a short time after poland 's partition between russia , prussia and austria . 
  the ottomans also participate , and are not on good terms with the other powers . 
  to show their solidarity with the polish people following the dissolution of their state ( and also to annoy their rivals a little bit ) , the ottoman diplomat keeps asking the others `` has the envoy from lechistan already arrived ? '', 
  ( lechistan being the old name we used for poland ) during the meeting . 
  well , i mean half of the military staff is/was imprisoned at some point , there 's isis in the east , all of our neighbours hate us ... 
  so yeah , greece is not the biggest thing in our minds atm . 
  then why are we acting as if they did with all the grexit talks ? 
  it angers me to see that so few people are actually able to draw this conclusion and instead say how eu as a whole is wrong , or how greece rejected europe altogether . 
  no , greece just rejected a shitty neo-liberal europe of austerity and no fiscal union and perhaps both sides ought to think what that exactly means . 
  kind of feels like the akp yellow in turkish elections , does n't it ? 
  as opposed to the modern peaceful western governments that they claim they are . 
  the subject is not about communism vs first world , let 's not try to drag it there . 
  a radical left party has the portraits of marxist thinkers on its walls , what a surprise !, 
  the part of his flair in latin alphabet means `` rebellion '' in turkish , but no clue about the second part . 
  nope , we have our own economic problems to deal with . 
  plus , one of our main pathways into the eu ( with whom we trade a lot ) getting into trouble , and pulling euro down in the process ( as we export in euros ) is going to hurt us a lot as well . 
  oh no , i 'm not falling for that narcissism trap !, 
  * tamamen ayn\u0131 durumday\u0131m ada\u015f  * * la situation est exactement pareille , mon ami dont le nom je partage  * the situation 's exactly the same , my same-named friend . 
  it 's understandable that getting used to it would take some time , but honestly using turkish so actively in a subreddit like this feels so fun . 
   i have to admit , i really like the word `` wortschatz '' , which means `` language pool '' or `` word pool '' but directly translates to `` word treasure '' . 
  the funny thing is , we have a similar word ( kelime haznesi ) in turkish that can mean `` language pool '' or `` semantic field '' or `` total of words known '' depending on the context . 
  damn middle easterners , stealing our ~ ~ jobs ~ ~ jokes it 's doubly funny since i 'm currently an immigrant studying in france, 
  nato should use brussels as hq 6 months , and strasbourg for the remaining 6 . 
  absolutely nothing wrong with that plan . 
  buuuuuuuuuuuuuuurn, 
  i mean it would change in the sense that he would have a reason to extend his term and keep on being president as long as he likes . 
  his term ends in 2019 , thought that might change if he manages to change the constitution like he intends to and change into a presidential system . 
  easier said than done , sadly . 
   the eea provides no political influence . 
  well no , but i 'm sure a migration wave equalling ( if not worse ) than those that happened after the eastward expansion is bound to happen if turkey becomes a part of the open market . 
  current governments ca n't really risk letting that happen when public opinion is more anti-immigration than ever . 
  we have been liberalising our economy for 13 years now , why not go all the way if that 's going to give us the chance to be part of something greater ( i genuinely think a continental union is a noble goal ) , all the while offering immense opportunities to our citizens through the free movement of goods and people ? 
  the main reason behind eu not accepting turkey is already our sheer economic and populational size , we 'd have the same domineering effect in the eea , so i too do n't think it 'd work . 
  turkey being in the customs union is stupid as shit when we 're not part of the common market . 
  it makes me happy to see that the story is well-known by you guys !, 
  got ta love historical bonds . 
  i do , my name 's bar\u0131\u015f , eat it . 
  hey , we have the same name !, 
  oh please , as if the european parliament holds any actual power . 
  not to mention the fact that those 77 million votes wo n't act monolithically , they 'll go the pan-european parties like alde and epp and pes . 
  i completely agree on turkey 's recent turn to the east being a reason to refuse its accession , but that 's one argument , and the population argument is another one . 
  a silly one too . 
  hard to do it when it is the simple truth . 
  i 'd say it 's the contrary . 
  they 'd have access to * lots and lots * of porn , but little to no contact with the opposite sex .
