  it leads to way worse situations . 
  you need n't have put the flair , your comment screams bavarian mate . 
  also , happy oktoberfest !, 
  in fact , forget about of the schengen zone . 
  well , the opinion in the west is turning against him , but the general view was very close to what the guy to whom i replied said just 5 years ago . 
  [ just look at this article on the economist praising erdo\u011fan and handwaving the secular worries towards him . 
  here 's the thing , that 's how that looked for you guys in the west , but that was never really the case . 
  he did n't start the peace talks with the kurds to liberate all turks as you put it , he did it to gain political capital ( namely , getting a ceasefire no matter the conditions then be able to tout `` we stopped the guns , vote for us '' ) . 
  the moment the kurds were no longer useful to him he dropped them , and the result is the state of civil war we 're in now . 
  the peace talks that were held were held in secret , away from the eyes of the other parties in the parliament and the public . 
  we never knew the terms . 
  we never knew what was discussed . 
  just that there were talks . 
  now we know that during these talks the government allowed pkk to stockpile arms , mines and weaponry and turned a blind eye to it . 
  and surprise surprise , pkk attacks started again the moment the process went tits up . 
  would you call that a democratic peace process ? 
  one that 's behind close doors and lets a terrorist organisation build its arsenal in the meantime ? 
  you say erdogan broke the power of the army , and he undoubtedly did that . 
  but only so he could take absolute power . 
  the military has always had an aversion to islamists ( to the point of giving a memorandum in 1997 when they thought they were going too far ) , and erdogan knew that . 
  the reason you think his `` influence changed '' later is that he no longer had the military keeping him in check . 
  with the military gone , he dropped the mask and started doing what his intention was from the beginning . 
  then you say that he made it possible to have faith represented in the government . 
  what faith ? 
  alevis , the second biggest faith in turkey ( and a branch of shiite islam ) ca n't get their places of worship recognised as such . 
  he even tried to defame the leader of the opposition kemal k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu at a rally by saying `` as you know , he 's an alevi '' . 
  is that representation in the government ? 
  you claim that turkey is a deeply religious country . 
  well it actually was n't until the current government 's hold over the country strengthened . 
  you 'd have skimpily dressed dancers in every national tv in midnight in nye , tv shows openly discussing homosexuality , freud or even national tv airing emmanuelle after midnight . 
  our national beverage was seen as rak\u0131 , an alcoholic drink with a 60 % content . 
  today the moment you show that kind of stuff on tv you get fined by the broadcasting authority . 
  what the government actually did was getting islamists representation in the government . 
  not muslims , but those who adhere to an ideology of political islam . 
  everything he did , he did to further that goal , and the rest was just dressing to make it look pretty . 
  i mean , you can even see it in the `` eu reforms '' that supposedly democratised the country . 
  well , if you check turkey 's progress on the implementation of the acquis , we did rather decently in everything related to the economy , but there 's little to no progress on civil liberties , education or press freedom . 
  we objectively did n't get better in those terms . 
  i mean , this is a guy who was saying openly in interviews in the 90s that democracy is a train and that you get off at your destination . 
  his second hand g\u00fcl ( who became the president of the republic before him ) had said that they `` intended to do away with laicit\u00e9 '' and that `` the time of the republic had come to pass '' back in the 90s , and yet somehow there literally thousands of people like you ( no offense , it 's not your fault ) who believed that he was a democrat . 
  he really was n't . 
  and to answer your question , i 'm not sure if menderes was seen as a reformer like erdogan was . 
  it 's possible since he was also the first elected pm after a multi-party system was established , but then again it would be a fa\u00e7ade behind which the similar autocratic tendencies were clearly there . 
  prego !, 
  rural schools with a mix of vocational and theoretical education that [ brought bleeding orchestral instruments to poor anatolian villages ] ( http://turkiye.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/k%c3%b6yenst.jpg ) , taught shakespearian theatre * and * how [ to construct their own buildings to these village children ] ( http://www.acikbilim.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/449_5.jpg ) , all the while keeping a completely secular and gender equal outlook on life . 
  in the 40s . 
  in the anatolian steppes . 
  i 'd really say that the hype was all too justified . 
  i 'd say he was a precursor . 
  the years leading up to the 1960 coup were not that different from modern turkey . 
  speeches of the leader of chp at the time would be censored in the press , there 'd be daily broadcasts called `` motherland front '' where the names of the members of menderes ' party would be read ( most probably to show their numbers and thus scare the opposition ) , menderes was starting to get rather friendly with islamists ( and mind you this was only 30 years after secularism even became a thing in turkey , so the strong reactionary sentiment in the 30s was still a recent memory ) and he was just as arrogant erdogan was ( he once said `` i could get a log of wood elected into the parliament if i wanted to '' ) . 
  i mean of course , military coups suck and i 'm fundamentally opposed to death penalty , but i 'm really sickened by those who call menderes `` a martyr of democracy '' . 
  he was just as autocratic and backwards as erdogan , and praising him because he was hanged seems absurd to me . 
  naber abi ? 
  in what sense ? 
  turks with western-values : `` you guys are not a part of europe . '', 
  any turk at all : `` armenian genocide '', 
  knew what it was going to be without clicking the link . 
   populism is easy to combat . 
  other european countries should take our route and let them into coalition government the thing is , historically speaking this is pretty much how fascism rose to power in europe . 
  `` oh let 's give mr hitler the government , people will abandon him when they understand that he 's actually incompetent ! '', 
  we 're gon na remain neutral and declare war to the loser at the last minute to be a un founding member !, 
  thank you for the correction , i 'll fix it in the post as well . 
  i vaguely recall ~ ~ elizabeth ii ~ ~ george vi having the title emperor of india . 
  you were saying ? 
  so basically an `` only nixon could go to china '' situation ? 
  you 're in antalya too , i take it ? 
  whoops , it 's a freudian slip i guess . 
  the laws themselves are pretty secular actually , as our civic , penal and family laws are all adaptations from european countries . 
  the application however is becoming more or less lenient on basing itself in religious justifications ( the rape sentence reduction example i gave above comes to mind ) , but the law itself remain ( at least in theory ) secular . 
  bilal is not his eldest son . 
  and yes , t\u00dcrgev ( his foundation ) is playing a more and more important role , but again bilal 's influence did n't start from day 1 . 
  i know it sounds like i 'm nitpicking but i value factual correctness and i 'd rather people on my side ( that is , opposing erdo\u011fan ) make correct criticism as well . 
  islamism is ruining the country without a doubt . 
  that is n't to say islam ca n't be rid of islamism , however . 
  i 'm sorry but i have to call you out on some of your facts . 
  erdo\u011fan 's eldest son never got into education at all ( you can check his career from his wikipedia page [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ahmet_burak_erdo\u011fan ) ) , all of our education ministers since 2002 have been regular akp party members . 
  that is n't to say that they completely ruined the education system and debased it entirely from scientific concepts , but even erdo\u011fan was n't that ostentatiously nepotistic . 
  also , as / u/drixdrax pointed out , we do n't have sharia court judges . 
  we have judges that reduce rape sentences because the man showed up to the hearing with a suit , but not sharia judges still . 
  i 'll be the first one to say that turkey 's in a fucked up situation , but please be factually correct when describing where we 're fucked up exactly . 
  we have enough disinformation flying around as it is . 
  looking back to this comment chain , there 's one thing we all found out : you care a lot about the fingernails you clip than you think . 
  now that 's a better comeback !, 
  uses my own weapon against me . 
  very clever . 
  i appreciate the wit in this one . 
  right , which is why you 're still trying very hard to find witty comebacks . 
  i asked if the gif was real , i found out it was n't , all 's well and done . 
  if you get off of telling random people they 're stupid for asking a question , that 's fine . 
  weird , but fine . 
  holy fuck that 's a lot of needless hate for a stranger on the internet . 
  i hope whatever frustrates you in your life gets solved . 
  eh , that 's the mentality that landed us trump in the first place . 
  please tell me that 's not real ... 
  this is embarrassing . 
  how come syria has religious law ? 
  i thought assad was big on secularism ? 
  hahahaha , laughed for a solid minute at this . 
  it 's just a prank bro,
