  i can name several non-secular countries where there 's freedom . . england , denmark , greece , iceland ... 
  it might be different in sweden but here , genuine leftists are a tiny , tiny proportion of the uk ( less than 10 % ) . 
  jeremy corbyn and his supporters are winning the * internal * elections of the labour party , but corbyn is the most unpopular party leader in uk history and for very good reasons . 
  polling data shows that support for independence is much lower than in 2014 , mainly because of the collapse in oil prices , but also that if scotland votes for independence now , it will have a period outside both the uk and the eu which would be a disaster . 
  these are the sort of things i point to when people say britain should switch away from fptp . 
  three hundred and fifty million a week, 
  or if there was a country that you could confuse with a bird you eat at christmas ... 
  we had a direct public vote on brexit . 
  the specific details are up to the government to work out . 
  you simply ca n't argue that becasue the exact fine details of the eventual deal have n't been worked out that there is no mandate . 
  in that case we did n't have a direct vote on joining the eu either . 
  of course , many countries do n't have it including the second largest member , france . 
  its looking increasingly likely that the germans and french will play hardball so soft brexit is n't an option . 
  and of course there is a mandate , we had a direct public vote on the issue , you cant get a clearer mandate than that . 
  people voted to leave the european union . 
  the only way that can happen is hard brexit , so that 's what will happen , and you ca n't argue that theresa may has no mandate to do it . 
  so ignoring 52 % by refusing to leave is fine , while ignoring 48 % is authoritarian ? 
  the only thing theresa may has been given a mandate for is to leave the european union . 
  soft brexit is n't possible , so anything other than hard brexit is undemocratic . 
  i do n't want it but it will happen . 
  soft brexit is n't possible though . 
  legally it was the same , there is absolutely no reason that a change of government has to happen at the same time as a general election , although it usually does . 
  many changes of government have happened in between general elections ( 1976 , 1990 , 2007 ) and of course many general elections do n't lead to changes of government ( 1987 , 2001 ) . 
  she was chosen exactly the same as any other british prime minister . 
  she is the leader of the largest party in the house of commons . 
  anyway it does n't really matter who the prime minister is in terms of brexit . 
  the government has a mandate to take britain out of the eu . 
  i think scottish nationalists , while not actively racist like most other nationalists , are still quite a dangerous force in politics . 
  they gained power in scotland on a tidal wave of patriotic feelings across europe , not any economic grounds . 
  a lot of their supporters are violent and intimidating to members of other parties for being `` anti-scottish '' . 
  and they constantly talk of being ignored by the uk , when they are actually the least ignored part of the uk outside london , and have plenty of special privileges not given to anyone else . 
  come on , you can probably count the number of english snp members on one hand . 
  sorry , as much as i do n't want it to happen , theresa may has a mandate for a hard brexit . 
  52 % of the electorate who turned out said that the uk should `` leave the european union '' ( in those exact words ) . 
  they did not vote for `` reducing immigration a bit while staying in the single market '' . 
  the pm 's job is now to make sure britain leaves the eu , and if a hard brexit is the only way that will happen then she has a legal mandate to do it . 
  i will still campaign against it , but i ca n't argue that may is n't allowed to do it . 
  ey up chuck !, 
  thar int nowt i fancy berrer that a decent pint down me local !, 
  maps , plugs , tv , road signs , parks , water , healthcare , climate for growing potatoes . 
  that 's very worrying . 
  the sensible parties are only just ahead of the extremists . 
  i really do n't like the way european politics is going at the moment , demagogues and extremists from both the left and the right are taking over and the traditional parties of government are losing ground . 
  you should n't have mentioned switzerland , ok they do n't have nukes but they are very capable of defending themselves . 
  i bet if there was an alien invasion and the rest of the world was destroyed , switzerland would stay neutral and carry on as usual . 
  to be honest i think his economic policy is nuts , but his social and foreign policy is far , far worse . 
  it seems he 's stuck with a 1970s mindset that only massive state intervention can bring about equality and that everything else is a `` betrayal '' . 
  on other issues he has the typical british response that `` it 's all the west 's fault '' like a broken record . 
  it depends on the sound , not the spelling . 
  `` european '' begins with a consonant sound so its `` a '' . 
  none of that contradicted what the other commenter said . 
  not true for the uk - here all government ministers are known officially as secretaries of state , and are called ministers informally . 
  for example the foreign minister officially has the title `` secretary of state for foreign affairs '' and the education minister is officially `` secretary of state for education '' . 
  there is no one post with the full title of `` secretary of state '' and the term is certainly not equivalent to foreign minister . 
  yeah man , fuck all countries for not being the same as america . 
  all those suggestions make far too much sense to be adopted . 
  at my school you had to have your blazer on and top button done up at all times ( except with special permission ) but when the temperature was very high the rules were often relaxed . 
  it was n't ideal though . 
  it does seem to be the case in the vast majority of uk schools . 
  the main reason boys ca n't wear shorts is that from above age 12 or so you ca n't buy smart shorts that go with the rest of the uniform . 
  it 's weird , until about the 80s boys had to wear shorts to school in all weather , now they have to wear trousers in all weather . 
  the main rule in britain seems to be that common sense is not allowed . 
  yes !, 
  so many non-british and non-irish people seem to think northern ireland is some kind of colony which universally wants to break away from britain . 
  in fact , support for joining the republic is just 20 % even though catholics are about half of the population . 
  you call russians `` human garbage '' and compare the united kingdom ( a democracy ) to russia ( a dictatorship ) . 
  i cant speak for other countries but the british-identifying population in northern ireland have been living there for centuries , not decades . 
  and many of them are ethnic irish , and catholic . 
  get out , racist . 
  no , the party membership is far more out of touch with the public than labour mps . 
  it makes sense since mps are elected . 
  patriotism is not the same as nationalism . 
  you can celebrate what is good and unique about england without being some evil racist colonialist . 
  i do n't want to go back to the 80 's and 90 's when england was a dirty word and the flag was seen as the flag of football hooligans . 
  no , the snp should not and will not get a second referendum !, 
  the scots voted to stay with the uk even though they knew that a potential eu exit was on the cards . 
  a new referendum would mean all the issues from the previous one would get worse , with the collapse in oil prices and compulsory euro and schengen membership , so the out side would be bound to lose . 
  the snp need to stop patronising the scottish public with constant talk of independence , just accept the result and move on . 
  there are differences of opinion between scotland and the rest of the uk just as there are differences within england . 
  it does n't mean you should have constant independence referendums . 
  no , there 's plenty of brexiters there too . 
  do n't forget northern ireland , they 'll stay for the foreseeable future . 
  they clearly do , otherwise it would be shown as part of serbia . 
  this is in line with the uk government who were one of the first to recognise kosovan independence . 
  and yet still in the vast majority of schools we ca n't wear shorts in summer which is something alot of boys would actually want to do . 
  why allow boys to wear skirts and not shorts ? 
  i would 've in summer if i 'd been allowed but apparently running about and being active is something to be discouraged unless you look ridiculous doing it . 
  wow that 's progress from a country with a neo-nazi fascist junta in government !, 
  / s ( obviously ! ), 
  it might be anti-eu but we 're certainly not right wing . 
  go into a pub in sunderland or barnsley and praise thatcher , i dare you . 
  they ruined the design in 2008 imho . 
  the shield idea is a good one on paper but if you actually try it with real coins it looks nothing like the shield . 
  it also means instead of a numeral and text to help non-english speakers work out the value , they just have the value in very small words . 
  armenia is a christian country . 
  it 's illegal to take a picture of a ballot paper in the uk . 
  wait - was the moldovan liberal party trying to get people to vote for them by telling them to learn english and move to the uk ? 
  the greens are n't anywhere close to being a major party , lucas is their only mp . 
  they have no meps , no members of the welsh assembly and control no councils . 
  strange how germany and spain elect all their members at large .
