  why do n't they use the bundesl\u00e4nder or autonomous communities ? 
  what are cgp greys sources ? 
  i hope he has some , otherwise he 's just `` some guy on youtube '' . 
  there 's quite a few of these `` wars '' that only ever existed on paper involving the uk . 
  the city of berwick-upon-tweed might still technically be at war with russia since the crimean war . 
  essentially there was some ambiguity over whether berwick was in england or scotland , although by the time of the war they had become one country anyway . 
  the declaration of war againstthe russian empire mentioned berwick by name , but the peace treaty did n't , so berwick could still be at war with russia . 
  why would anyone object to that ? 
  it 's probably for the best , but it 's not something i really wanted to see . 
  the problem is some countries want deeper integration and others want less integration . 
  the breaking point will probably come if they try to create an eu army . 
  for me , a two speed europe is the best way to preserve the current level of integration - if the uk was forced to integrate further it would end up pushing us out completely , i do n't want to see that happen . 
  she never did anything dodgy to do with elections on a national level , the person you 're replying to is exaggerating . 
  she did abolish the metropolitan counties ( counties consisting of mainly one city and its suburbs ) because they were too labour-dominant , though . 
  that 's only in a very technical sense though , english is de facto official in england because every document , road sign , parliamentary debate and broadcast is in it . 
  i mean , the union jack is not `` officially '' the flag either , but it is established by usage , not law . 
  english is already de facto the official language of the eu and diplomacy , you 'd struggle to find any international meetings that are n't primarily in english . 
  but this does n't mean that english will replace national languages . 
  and i hope it does n't , it would be a huge loss . 
  the only way it could happen is if a totalitarian government banned other languages and forced the population to use english . 
  why would that happen if the eu became about free trade ? 
  only the political element of the eu would go , free trade would stay as it is . 
  in fact , countries might be less likely to punish each other with trade restrictions , given that they would no longer have to subsidise spending in foreign countries . 
  wow , a german having to explain a joke to a non german , that ca n't have happened before !, 
  glezga locally . 
  i think they 're being phased out gradually so if you see any in the shops they tend to be new old stock, 
  not just the eu , we also ca n't reintroduce the death penalty while remaining part of the council of europe which the government has no intention of taking us out of . 
  is n't anyone going to point out that the currency and smoking ones have such tiny support they can basically be discounted ? 
  they 're only included to push a narrative about leave voters being old idiots etc. 
  i voted remain but ca n't stand this constant demonization of the majority of my own country . 
  the cost of doubling the amount of aluminium used ? 
  mainly because of the cost . 
  so few people speak the language , all of them also speak english and they all tend to live in one area of scotland . 
  many people find it hard to justify the cost of providing bilingual road signs and tv . 
  that 's more because of corbyn 's whipped vote to trigger article 50 . 
  the sub still fully supports corbyn 's economic policy . 
  i was n't saying that would literally have happened . 
  in fact if smaller parties were more powerful , an even smaller faction could swing the result one way or the other . 
  see my reply [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5xs56u/netherlands_polling_average_march_5th_vvd_16_pvv/del0ub6/ ) which explains how our fptp system actually allows for a more proportionate distribution of power than pr would . 
  on average a uk government is elected on a 43 % vote share , not too far off a majority , whereas pr would allow for a faction representing 14 % of the voters to choose the government almost all of the time . 
  the thing is , as we saw between 2010-2015 , coalitions give far too much power to political parties . 
  they picked and chose the policies from the respective manifestoes , and of course blamed each other for the less popular ones . 
  a coalition government must by necessity throw away some policies that the parties were elected on ( tuition fees for the lib dems for example ) whereas a single party government is expected to stick to its manifesto ( of course often it does n't , but that 's a feature of politics in general , not one voting system ) . 
  on your second point i realise you wo n't be a lawless society but its still not ideal . 
  what happens if there is a major crisis such as a natural disaster ? 
  the previous government , which the people might have voted out , would continue to rule , instead of a new government taking over . 
   nothing like a minority government ruling over a majority in an anti-democratic way that 's exactly what would happen under a proportional system here . 
  if we look at the 19 general elections since 1945 ( elections from before then are n't really comparable ) , then the liberal democrats would have been in government every single time except 2015 . 
  in 14 of 19 elections , the lib dems could actually choose one of the big parties to go into government with , because the conservative + ld total and labour + ld total would both be over 50 % . 
  thus a party which averaged 14 % of the votes since 1945 would choose the prime minister 74 % of the time . 
  i do n't call that democratic . 
  in reality , the winning party tends to win with about 43 % of the vote , which is not that far off a majority . 
  it 's also a lot better to have 43 % of voters choose the prime minister than 14 % . 
  pr might be proportional in terms of * seats * but is very disproportionate in terms of * power * . 
  allowing a small minority of voters to literally choose the winner might be why many countries with pr have descended into dictatorship while most systems based on fptp have not . 
  the source for my popular vote shares is [ here ] ( http://www.politicsresources.net/area/uk/uktable.htm ) if you would like to see it . 
  i agree , obviously fptp would not work everywhere . 
  i just would n't like this situation to happen in britain - from what i read here it might take up to 6 months to form a government . 
  what a mess . 
  this is the sort of thing that makes me glad we have fptp . 
  fully proportional systems just encourage parties to split up over the pettiest difference , fptp encourages parties to stay together . 
  maybe , but the only reason people do n't make fun of dutch food is that no-one knows what it is !, 
  both should be punishable by death . 
  the only things you are allowed on your chips are peas , gravy or curry sauce . 
  salt and vinegar is compulsory . 
  yes ... 
  i did mean that . 
  the point is that just because something is called socialist does n't mean it is . 
  and i suppose you think that the * democratic people 's republic * of korea is a paradise ... 
  they 're probably not being serious . 
  we have a habit of insulting our friends but we do genuinely care about them . 
  why do you think british children are n't taught about the british empire ? 
  the history of colonialism and slavery are well-known and discussed topics . 
  i was taught about it every year i school until 14 , there was no attempt to revise history and make it seem positive . 
  good joke . 
  we 'll just have to call it the city on the river ... * shit *, 
  the eu was the brainchild of the right and promoted privatisation , deregulation , free trade and open borders - things that help big companies . 
  it was as far from socialism as you can get . 
  the right have been in power on britain since 2010 . 
  may is just the follower-on to cameron who was never meant to be prime minister . 
  she is a classic conservative who has taken an anti-europe stance only since the referendum result . 
  before that she was soft europhile . 
  the turnout in the eu referendum was 72 % . 
  bulgar-bulgar party ? 
  a hard border between great britain and northern ireland would mess with the peace process . 
  it would make the unionists ( and quite a few nationalists ) absolutely * furious * to be forced to show a passport to travel from one part of the uk to another !, 
  something similar was proposed under the last labour government and was shot down for that reason . 
  the * united kingdom * is leaving the single market . 
  northern ireland is n't staying all on its own !, 
  arguably leaving the eu will bring back manufacturing jobs , because the government will not be forced to by from cheaper overseas producers but can prefer british manufacturers . 
  vauxhall have increased production in ellesmere port since the vote . 
  on migrants nobody was voting on whether migrants were a net benefit to the uk but whether they were a net benefit to * them * . 
  people always vote for their own self-interest . 
  you forget that when brutalism was at its peak in the early 70s , many victorian buildings were falling to pieces , black outside from years of soot , mouldy on the inside and draughty . 
  the architecture was not values because there was so much of it , plus the victorians did n't really have a style of their own , they just copied earlier styles . 
  in short , old abandoned victorian buildings gave a bad impression of the town . 
  they could 've been renovated but the planners thought ( correctly ) it would give the town a more modern image to knock them down and build modern buildings in their place . 
  now of course we are making the exact same mistake by destroying our architectural heritage instead of renovating it . 
  they would knock down an extremely unique and interesting building lile the birmingham central library and replace it with a generic wall of glass that could be anywhere . 
  plus people have really put their rose tinted glasses on now , pretending that every building build before the first world war is a masterpiece and everything built after is horrible .
