  they were never as big as , say , the swedish democrats , jobbik , golden dawn or afd even in their peak . 
  do n't forget leeds - loiner no-one has any idea where it comes from . 
  you do n't here it that often any more but it 's still there . 
  yes . 
  they need to change it really , since there 's now no chance of is joining the euro . 
  what the fuck does that mean ? 
  you ca n't be proud of your country of you 're not rich ? 
  do you have to go to the opera and shop at waitrose just to have the `` right '' not to be miserable ? 
  the funny thing is you probably consider yourself a progressive . 
  well you hate the working class more than most people do i 'd call you pretty right-wing . 
  i would oppose moving to gmt +1 in winter because it would be too dark in the morning which would have a big impact on road safety . 
  i doubt it . 
  data on hard drives decays due to loss of magnetic orientation , and so needs to be rewritten about once a decade . 
  magnetic tapes and optical media degrade due to the materials they are made from , so need to be re-written to new media . 
  re-writing is a time consuming operation , and storage costs a lot in terms of security and cooling . 
  and of course , the amount of data collected is growing very quickly . 
  facebook and google are n't public archival services , they are private companies that make a profit from selling usage data to advertisers . 
  there 's no money in decades-old data , so it 'll just be wiped after a certain amount of time . 
  is your national ego getting hurt because people are desperate to leave your country ? 
  i went to lithuania once and was walking through vilnius when i spotted a street named 16th february street , which is my birthday !, 
  it was only later i learnt it was lithuania 's independence day as well . 
  here 's how your ideas would be reported in the british press . 
  i had no idea they were being revived !, 
  i was going to say that revived languages do n't count , then i remembered hebrew ... good luck to them i say . 
  english , scots , scottish gaelic , welsh , irish , ulster scots ... what 's the last one ? 
  cornish and manx both went extinct in the 20th century . 
  the `` less for singular , fewer for plural '' is a rule that was made up by eighteenth century grammarians . 
  it 's the same as not ending your sentences with prepositions , or splitting the infinitive . 
  no government has control over how people speak their own language , they can only change the official , written standard that will be used in government and schools . 
  language is defined by its native speakers , not a document . 
  less is correct . 
  it 's phonetic , but not phonemic . 
  pronunciation can usually be guessed from spelling while the reverse is n't true . 
  i just tried to explain how it does n't , but i suppose its not worth it . 
  why the fuck would any government * want * to pretend that global warming exists ? 
  it would be better for them to cover it up . 
  the capitalist system is based on the idea that increased consumption is always good . 
  a government would reduce its income by bringing in green measures . 
   unproven rape claims leading into national outrage ? 
  seriously ? 
  you want to give * that * much power to 13 year olds who , as you , can simply lie ? 
  why should n't we blame her ? 
  at 13 i knew not to make up lies about people committing crimes , and i would 've been severely punished for doing so . 
  in fact most linguists consider valencian and catalan not distinct enough to be seperate languages , they are both dialects of the same language . 
  scotland is n't called the kingdom of scotland , and neither is england . 
  when the two countries united in 1707 they dissolved both the kingdom of england and the kingdom of scotland to create the kingdom of great britain . 
  yes and no . 
  i identify as english and not british , but that definitely does not mean i see the scots , the welsh and the northern irish as foreigners . 
  that 's completely untrue . 
  labour leaders are elected by one member , one vote . 
  i do n't understand why prescriptivists latch onto certain made-up rules and not others . 
  there are so many things that they used to wail about that are now standard , like the use of `` like '' instead of `` such as '' , or the use of split infinitives . 
  that 's because you learnt english from a book , while we learnt it from hearing our parents . 
  we only learnt to read and write much later than we learnt to speak , so to you writing is an integral part of knowing english , while to us it 's secondary . 
  some of the former communist parties still have representation . 
  die linke is the direct descendant of the sed and is reasonably popular in eastern germany . 
  the former moldovan communist was returned to power . 
  however on the whole people in the east hated communism and were glad to see it go . 
  are you from the victorian era ? 
  is it so unbelievable for you that a man would cook a meal for his girlfriend ? 
  i 'd be more suspicious if he did n't . 
  there are not , and have never been , sharia courts in the uk . 
  what you are referring to is a form of out-of-court mediation for civil suits only . 
  as long as the two parties aggree , they can impose whatever restrictions they like on themselves . 
  they might use quasi-legal terminology and procedures but they are in no way courts . 
  it 's just like the american show `` judge judy '' . 
  listen to yourself . 
  i would n't celebrate the death of a young man whatever his politics . 
  that sounds strangely similar to a british one , probably because we stole all your foods !, 
  that 's not true , british passports do n't have any fingerprint id and you do n't have to give your fingerprints to get any official documents . 
  labour tried to bring in national id cards with biometric data but they were dropped after massive opposition . 
  it should be split into categories such as unemployment benefits , disability living allowance , working tax credits and pensions . 
  then people can see just how tiny the amount of money paid to the unemployed is . 
  i like them , their practical and good value . 
  they were built in their millions during the industrial revolution , because the working classes at the time hated flats , so it was a way of housing lots of workers very cheaply . 
   on a smaller scale, 
  that 's not how it works at all . 
  the netherlands will have an open border with germany with no passport checks , while germany will have passport checks on its external border with poland . 
  once a pole had entered the mini-schengen area they would be free to travel to any of the other countries . 
  it 's exactly like the current system only on a smaller scale . 
  good old english exceptionalism . 
  have you noticed how english is always said to be the `` hardest '' or `` easiest '' language , or the `` weirdest '' or `` most complicated '' or `` most logical '' language ? 
  it 's always at an extreme . 
  just accept that it 's impossible to rate languages objectively . 
  instead of downvoting you i 'll tell you why others have . 
  english is a germanic language , along with dutch , german swedish and many others . 
  it is important to realise that english does not `` come from '' german in the same way that modern humans do n't `` come from '' chimpanzees . 
  they simply have a common ancestor . 
  it depends on what this persons native language was . 
  a native speaker of ukrainian would certainly do better to choose russian . 
  you ca n't simply rate languages on a fixed scale from hard to easy . 
   schools in england , wales , scotland and northern ireland are required to provide daily acts of collective worship . 
  through `` like '' buttons placed on nearly every page on the web . 
  you wonder why facebook places a `` like '' button on porn videos , because surely no-one would press it . 
  but it does n't matter , even if you do n't click it , facebook still knows what videos you 've been watching . 
  this is nothing more than pocket change to facebook who will see it as a great deal - $ 250,000 for valuable data is a bargain . 
  how about `` r\u00e9publique du c\u00f4te baltique '' ? 
  the problem is its often not understandable . 
  this transcription system is very strange , all the vowels are mixed up so you would have a hard time getting understood . 
  this `` phonetic '' system is very similar to one i saw in an english dictionary for lithuanian speakers , and i honestly do n't understand why people think english sounds like that .
