  i think in the long term it 's quite likely that turkey will join , and that the uk will leave . 
  i think [ this map ] ( http://imgur.com/sroabzy ) is more realistic : * the uk will leave after the referendum in 2017 * the eu will continue to expand into the balkans * macedonia will not join until it has resolved its naming dispute with greece * serbia and kosovo will not join due to kosovo 's sovreignty dispute * turkey will join at the beginning of the 2020s allowing cyprus to re-unify * norway will join as its primary export ( oil ) is running out * iceland will join due to its unstable currnecy * belarus and ukraine will align themselves with russia , but moldova will seek further links to the eu . 
  well personally i 'd prefer one nationalised operator , but since 1992 ( ? ), 
  the british railway network has been privatised between several different operators . 
  but i thought the dutch network was the same ? 
  i do n't agree that the eu/eurozone are somehow endangering european values , in fact with the echr and all i might even say that they are strengthened by these institutions . 
  but i agree that it is nonsense to suggest that the survival of european values * depends * on the eu . 
  [ on ilkley moor bar t ` at ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwxwqegdwlc ) - a traditional yorkshire song meaning ` on ilkley hill without a hat ', 
  are you joking ? 
  it 's beautiful - far better than anything my country could pull off . 
  no it has n't , and it wo n't be compulsory for isps to implement the filter ( though nearly all will ) . 
  7 - if a non-danish friend of yours is visiting denmark , tell them that the word for `` please '' is `` kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 '', 
  i live near arnside in lancashire . 
  they have an old wwii air raid siren that goes off every day when the tide is about to come in , to warn fishermen and people to come back to shore . 
  the tide comes in so quickly it looks like the estuary is flowing backwards !, 
  the uk coins have changed six times since the 1970s . 
  originally there were 6 coins : 1/2 p , 1p , 2p , 5p , 10p and 50p . 
  the 20p coin was introduced in 1982 to fill the wide gap between the 10p and 50p . 
  the # 1 note was replaced by a coin in 1983 , then the 1/2 p was withdrawn in 1984 . 
  the 5p , 10p and 50p were all reduced in size in the 1990s , and the # 2 coin was introduced in 1997 . 
  then the designs of all coins were changed in 2008 . 
  personally i prefer the old designs , because it means we could withdraw the 1p and 2p ( and maybe even the 5p ) , and also because having the new ones do n't have a number on them , making them hard for foreigners to understand . 
  the most important issue is the democratic deficit - the european parliament needs to have the right of initiative ( i.e. 
  to propose bills ) and the council should only have the power to delay bills . 
  elections should be held every 4 years instead of 5 . 
  europe-wide parties should campaign for seats instead of national parties , to avoid the european elections being a tool to simply punish national governments in power . 
  as the only directly elected body of the eu , parliament 's powers should be increased at the expense of the powers of the other institutions . 
  this will also help to increse turnout in elections . 
  the member states which currently do not use the euro ( including those with a permanent opt-out ) should adopt it as soon as they meet the convergance criteria . 
  the euro should become the sole official currency of the entire eu . 
  currently , the lack of a single currency in these countries reduces the benefit of eu trade agreements somewhat since their are significant costs involved with currency conversion . 
  yeah , those protesting are morons but the presenter of that documentrary is fucking cringeworthy , i could n't watch her for more than a minute . 
  what has pseudoscience got to do with social justice ? 
  and they reject * religious * dogma , not all . 
  there 's no contradiction . 
  there are many differences , yes , but the overall situation is very similar . 
  either you 're trolling or you ca n't read , please re-visit my last few comments to see why that is rubbish . 
  sorry if you mistook my explanation of the current status of a couple of subnational entities as a history lesson , i 'll try and be clearer next time . 
  not all are sovereign states . 
  the two situations are the same . 
  do you realise how boring it is for me to have to explain the political situation of my * own country ? 
  * england , scotland and republika srpska are all administrative entities within their respective countries . 
  yes , england and scotland are countries within the united kingdom but they are * not * sovereign states . 
  republika srpska is not described as a country but it has a very similar arrangement within bosnia and herzegovina as scotland does within the united kingdom , not to mention its own language and culture . 
  thus the situation is comparable , and * either flag is correct * . 
  pick the odd one out : united states , japan , thailand , venezuela , scotland , switzerland . 
  scotland is an administrative entity within the country of the united kingdom , republika srpska is an administrative entity within the country of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  in both cases you can use either flag . 
  it 's so pathetic . 
  nearly everyone here knows that republika srpska is part of bosnia and herzegovina , so it does n't fucking matter . 
  i bet no-one here would be bitching if someone had posted a picture of edinburgh with the scottish flag next to it instead of the union jack . 
  the lake district is n't a national park just because it has lots of lakes . 
  it 's because of its stunning glacial landscape , unique within england , compared to that fairly flat area of finland . 
  manchester has so much going on - live music , independent shops and so on . 
  leeds is ok for young people , good club scene but not a lot else going on . 
  i 've only been to newcastle once but it seemed similar to leeds - very student oriented . 
  it is spirits . 
  my mum once got a letter addressed to :, 
  there 's that rule that states that around 10 % of the population always believes in something batshit . 
  well if it did come to a war with russia then the population of nato would n't get a choice whether to fight . 
  i 'm not sure it was worse , just equally bad . 
  fifth referendum since 1991 ? 
  luxury . 
  we 've had two uk-wide referendums , ever . 
  i know , democracy would be just perfect if only the enlightened people like you and me could vote , right / s, 
  it 's pretty bad that after reading the title my reaction was `` which ones ? '', 
  surely it should be two men going at it ? 
  this is depraved homosex yurop after all . 
  i hate to say it but he 's right . 
  their traditional voter base is getting smaller every election . 
  they might be able to rely on the liberal upper-middle classes but they 're not a significant group either . 
  labours policies just are n't resonating with the electorate any more - you ca n't just scream neoliberalism at every turn . 
  you might not be able to see this if you spend all your time on reddit , but the reason labour have become more right-wing is because the electorate also has . 
  that makes it even more confusing since it could be the traditional british gallon ( 4.5 l ) or the us gallon ( 3.8 l i think ) . 
  there are none in the british isles . 
  i propose we establish berwick-upon-tweed as an independent country again so we can have an england-scotland-berwick tripoint just off the a1 . 
  it 'll bring tons of money from tourists taking photos of themselves in three countries , it 'll be great !, 
  different countries within the schengen zone still have different laws , and different police forces to enforce them . 
  in a few cases ( germany/poland ) there are separate currencies as well . 
  the border marks the point where you are under a different authority . 
  the worst one is the m2 . 
  it runs from belfast westward to antrim , then inexplicably becomes the m22 . 
  but then there 's another bit of m2 that runs north-south round ballymena . 
  there is a reason for this , but not a very good one . 
  think back to 2006 , it was n't that different to europe today . 
  technology has improved , eastern europe has developed more , immigration has increased , and the economies have been liberalised . 
  these tends will continue . 
  the current refugee crisis is n't the end of europe and will soon pass . 
  people have been overblowing the impact of immigration for decades . 
  i can see the railways and energy networks being privatised where they are n't already , and new networks starting to be built in the east to better connect it with the west . 
  the eu will probably expand into the balkans but not to turkey . 
  britain will stay but with no deeper integration . 
  did you listen to what i said ? 
  complex civilisations have everything to do with the terrain and nothing to do with the people . 
  nothing . 
  aboriginal australians never built complex societies either , do you know why ? 
  because it 's fucking * hard * . 
  you have to have domesticatable animals , plenty of water for a start , which those regions do n't . 
  he 's only `` far right '' if you 're a champagne socialist who 's never met anyone not from north london . 
  economically he is slightly left of the tories , and he is more socially liberal than them on every issue except immigration .
