you realise this is n't unique to lithuania or even eastern europe , do n't you ? 
  corporal punishment in the home is legal and supported in most western countries as well, 
  there is no `` north english '' accent . 
  geordie and scouse are about as far apart as you can get . 
  | lumping together with ex-ussr is just dumb you * are * ex-ussr !, 
  and no , i do n't think you share more in common with tajikistan , but these divisions are purely for statistical purposes and will have exactly no impact on your daily life . 
  eesti can not into nordic . 
  the cia ones are much more sensible , apart from cyprus being middle east . 
  basically , yes . 
  it would give scotland a few tax raising powers , but not control over foreign affairs for example . 
  usually hull or middlesbrough , both for being ugly , polluted and depressing . 
  calm down man . 
  this thread is about dutch * stereotypes * , and yes , one of them is being flat and dull . 
  flat and dull ? 
  is n't that the whole country ? 
  but the picture shows * garden * peas and * tartare sauce * what is this madness, 
  the eu is just an organisation , do n't let it affect your identity . 
  in fact , it always makes me annoyed hearing people referring to `` the eu flag '' or `` the eu anthem '' , as they belong to all of us in all 50 countries . 
  when they give back ceuta and mellila . 
  only when it suits us :p, 
  flat ? 
  we might not have the alps but the pennines , the cheviot hills and the lakeland fells certainly are n't small . 
  we 're no nerherlands !, 
  can you imagine the british reaction ? 
  `` eu bureaucrats replacing our lovely british miles with horrid french kilometres '', 
  does this mean that each building has a shared bathroom inside , or does it mean they have outside toilets ? 
  well in britain slang terms are very region-specific - i 've never heard it either but it 's probably used somewhere . 
  we do tend to attribute slang terms to the french , though . 
  its sad that i had to come all the way down here to find someone who knows that . 
  there is no such thing as the eu flag and that organisation has no more if a claim on it than i do . 
  so flying the flag of europe is not even a political act . 
  i 'd agree that `` american '' usually refers to the entire continent . 
  but i think that most people in the us and canada * do * refer to the country as `` america '' . 
  it tends to be those from latin america who object to `` american '' being used in this way . 
  the yorkshire one annoys me because it shows part of north lincolnshire as part of yorkshire . 
  also , there is n't any kind of separatist movement . 
  a few people want greater autonomy within england but it 's not going to happen . 
  this is n't an actual broadcast from 1944 you know . 
  but they did have colour film back then , just no way to broadcast it . 
  for violent crimes , yes . 
  unfortunately we would never be allowed to do it . 
  that 's a little bit unfair because the london constituency is obviously nearly 100 % urban , and so will naturally vote more for left-wing parties . 
  all the other constituencies are a mix of rural and urban areas - if they were split down further you 'd start to see a lot more red . 
  interesting map - it shows the russian-backed separatist states such as nagorno-karabakh , south ossetia etc but also shows kosovo , which russia is against . 
   are they able to stir up enough trouble to influence decisions in the countries they formerly belonged to ? 
  basically this - for example russia engineered the establishment of transnistria to punish moldova for signing an association agreement with the eu . 
  normally it would be `` if juncker gets * the * top job '' but in headlines it 's acceptable to leave short/unimportant words out . 
  no , scotland has never had a referendum on independence before - they had a referendum on [ devolution in 1979 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_devolution_referendum,_1979 ) , which was rejected . 
  they then had the referendum on devolution in 1997 which was accepted . 
  they 're not all counties - most are just cities or boroughs that function a bit like counties ( called `` unitary authorities '' in law ) , so it is true that most shown on this map function as first-level administrative divisions . 
  however , the map is inconsistent because it shows some unitary authorities , such as blackburn , separate from their counties , but does n't show many , such as the eleven councils that make up greater manchester . 
  middle-class europeans are some of the most privileged people and you 're comparing them to slaves ? 
  can you explain why ? 
  is this surprising ? 
  making a death threat against anyone , particularly just after someone has been murdered is a serious matter and deserves to be investigated . 
  i know , and i too think it 's a real shame that english now completely dominates the song contest . 
  monolingualism tends to stifle cultural diversity . 
  you obviously did n't watch all the contestants . 
  poland , montenegro and italy sung wholly in their native languages . 
  slovenia and spain sung partially in their native languages . 
  exactly , so whenever anyone mentions the possibility of an english parliament other say `` well vote for the english democrats then '' . 
  they want an english parliament , which is reasonable enough until you read the rest of their manifesto . 
  by any reasonable definition , yes . 
  it makes no sense to define continents along political boundaries , which often change . 
  ** united kingdom ** this is a bit boring and predictable but hey . 
  we united with a bankrupted country that was a sworn enemy for countless years to form a united ( ! ), 
  kingdom . 
  then we completely fucked over another one who ( mostly ) broke away to form a republic again . 
  i think the most likely way the uk will come to an end is simply that it will break up into its constituent nations . 
  if scotland goes independent in 2016 and is even remotely successful , wales will slowly but surely demand more autonomy from westminster before finally seceding - it might take 50 years but it could well happen . 
  northern ireland is a bit anomalous though , the people there tend to be fiercely loyal to ireland or fiercely loyal to britain . 
  if scotland and wales both go independent maybe the english government will simply eject them from the union seeing as they 're much poorer than england . 
  ... you do realise that was serbia , right ? 
  which is nowhere near estonia ... this is why americans have such a bad reputation abroad . 
  i 've always thought lithuania looks like a squashed africa , especially as your flag uses the pan-african colours . 
  because the vast majority of people here are against any form of further european integration . 
  while it might make sense from an economic standpoint , culturally we are very different from europe . 
  almost no-one in britain would ever describe themselves as `` european '' and even when asked whether britain is part of europe , most would flatly reply `` no '' . 
  a u.s.e. 
  is certainly a possibility but the uk will never , ever be a part of it . 
  even joining the euro or schengen is right out . 
  circle and line tools , also a very bad move . 
  so bulgaria and wales both have red , green and white flags and both have holidays on the 1st of march . 
  you two must be separated at birth . 
  i did n't realise finland only became independent then . 
  also monmouthshire is shown as a part of england , moresnet is finally annexed to belgium , and the \u00c5land islands are `` undetermined '' . 
  oh for christs sake . 
  these two countries want to have an open border as they have done for decades . 
  it 's only because the * external * border of the eu runs through the town that it has to be guarded . 
  it 's what could happen if scotland becomes independent and ca n't join the eu straight away . 
  then you 'd understand the problems caused by an external eu border right on your doorstep . 
  that was the * idea * but the reality ( especially nowadays ) is completely the opposite . 
  it 's my last year at a state grammar school in lancashire and i would say 90 % are from middle and upper middle class backgrounds . 
  because there is no `` catchment area '' people basically move to the town from all over the place to get their kids into a `` good '' school . 
  many travel in from rural areas around 30 miles from the town as well . 
  there will probably never be one , and it is quite likely that the uk will leave after the 2017 referendum as [ these polls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proposed_referendum_on_united_kingdom_membership_of_the_european_union#opinion_polling ) show . 
  a closer union of member states , but not a full federation , including turkey , the balkans , norway , iceland , switzerland , and ukraine . 
  cap subsidies will be reduced and the union will take a much more active role combatting human rights abuses overseas . 
  the european parliament will have the full right of initiative , the council of ministers will be abolished and the parliament will also have the right to impeach members of the commission . 
  unfortunately , i think it 's almost certain .
