  odd . 
  nottingham is far better than many towns and cities i can think of , like salford . 
  getting kids interested in history is completely all about how you approach a subject with them . 
  i fucking hated anglo-saxon history in school , it was so boring and basically consisted of `` everybody lived in huts that stunk of shit , here 's is a picture labelled figure 1.0 of a farmer and his pigs '' . 
  then when i was 18 i read cornwell 's saxon stories and all about alfred the great and the vikings . 
  it 's my favourite period of history in any country . 
  schools really fail here . 
  i have noticed this too . 
  best way to deal with extremists , even at home , is laugh at them , look at them like they mean nothing . 
   propaganda works if it is not perceived as propaganda , otherwise it 's patronizing and counterproductive . 
  if people support a political cause and they recognise propaganda , they will get behind that propaganda and help spread it , even if they know the facts are wrong . 
  actually you 're right , they do n't look too bad . 
  i guess it 's because i know the area , the one 's i showed there are mostly old people and are looked after . 
  [ here 's some less flattering ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cd/red_road_flats_at_balornock_-_geograph.org.uk_-_119968.jpg ) from glasgow . 
  [ here is some ] ( http://i4.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/incoming/article8593221.ece/alternates/s615/js56105682.jpg ) from salford which are very common . 
  it 's crap when you live in an area with 100 of those . 
  so like suburbs of cities in england ? 
  most of our suburbs are semi-detached houses . 
  do you get terraced estates in ireland ? 
  house price are pathetic in london , have you seen shaun of the dead ? 
  where he walks to the shop ? 
  there was a guy on reddit saying those houses you see in the film are worth half a million # up to a million , even if it 's just 2 bedrooms . 
  but house prices are still high in the rest of the uk , it 's also a knock-on effect from london , with house prices being too high elsewhere . 
   in this case i do n't understand why housing density is n't increased . 
  living in a flat is n't all that bad , except for the `` do n't make noise '' part . 
  of course , there need to be some limits on building height , building density , otherwise you end up with communist cities . 
  well my flat has an upstairs and downstairs and has a garden in the back that is our own !, 
  but we do have areas that look like it was built by the soviet union . 
  [ like these ] ( http://quaysnews.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/salford-flats.png ) . 
  although they are n't the worst , but in that area there must be a hundred of those flats . 
  loads of older people own houses in the uk , i hope they all lose their value . 
  but then we have houses the same size as flats . 
  i live in a flat that 's bigger than some terraced houses [ like these ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f4/thursfield_street,_salford.jpg ) . 
  i reckon ireland is pretty much the same as uk . 
  this is very interesting for the uk . 
  in the last ten years our cities look completely different , with flats being built on practically every spot of land . 
  most young people now live in flats and it looks like young people are staying in flats , with house prices being too high . 
  i 'm completely shocked that we have the highest amount of houses in europe , but then most of our population is older and they all live in houses . 
  does this mean that in the future house prices are going to massively drop in the uk ? 
  we do n't have enough young people to buy these ridiculously overpriced houses . 
  yeah cause the ottoman empire never did any border drawing right ? 
  ireland can into europ . 
  loch ness is scottish !, 
  well i guess you 're south american , but everyone is aware of your origins as an argentinian . 
  everyone is welcome here . 
  well the danes made up a large chunk but the anglo-saxons were aware vikings came from various places . 
  i was thinking about chopping my left bollock off for france but you 've changed my mind . 
  i did n't change my fb pic because i do n't know any french people . 
  is that stupid logic ? 
  i would n't go that far , though i understand you mean this is your opinion , rather than fact , i hope . 
  i get the feeling some of his stuff is just said for controversy as a way to advertise himself . 
  i mean , he thinks germany should 've won ww1 and that germany was n't to blame at all for the war , rather than all sides taking some of the blame . 
  well i 'm quite sure the normans were mostly descended from norway . 
  that does n't happen in other european languages ? 
  like `` wind the window down to stop the wind '' . 
  migrant can not into polan, 
  what a strange coincidence , i just finished reading this article then came to / r/europe and found it here . 
  how odd . 
  i learned a lot from this , i never realised how pointless using the word `` do '' is in most of the stuff we say , like `` do you like cheese ? '', 
  why not just `` you like cheese ? '' . 
  also `` we kill a cow or a pig ( english ) to yield beef or pork ( french ) . 
  why ? 
  well , generally in norman england , english-speaking labourers did the slaughtering for moneyed french speakers at table . '', 
  very interesting stuff indeed !, 
  so i have a question for europeans , what else is weird about the english language that does n't make sense when learning it ? 
  ah fair enough then . 
  i 'm confused , it says there is armed undercover cops then it says unarmed . 
  they want a very low working class with no aspirations to do work for low pay and work hard at the same time . 
  is anyone else not very surprised by this attack ? 
  for the first time , of all terrorist attacks , this is the first time i watched it all unfold on the news and for the first time i realised i was n't surprised in the slightest . 
  this is actually worrying . 
  but also for the first time i started to think about the families of the victims and how heart-wrenching it must be for them today , this overwhelmed me . 
  all my thoughts have been about the victims , and nothing about `` what should be done ? 
  i just do n't see the point in this picture whatsoever . 
  why make a picture with the flag of france with blood splattered on it ? 
  what 's it trying to achieve ? 
  it just looks like someone thought of something interesting to do on photoshop without much thought at all as to what they were trying to achieve . 
  this is actually in bad taste . 
  yeah , muslims themselves bear the brunt of extremists , and do most of the fighting against them . 
  more muslims have killed members of isis than any other group . 
  but for many europeans , muslims are going into their territory and causing these terrorist attacks . 
  it 's shitty i know and i 'm sorry :(, 
  we 'll soon see how they got here . 
  not even close . 
  actually that 's per capita . 
  ah , well it 's been quite a few months since i saw a chart from it . 
  i remember it being russia , uk then france , looks like france has overtaken uk . 
  well rather them leave than stay ... 
  i thought the uk had the most to go to isis . 
  i do n't know why , they 're probably the least connected historically than any other country in northern/western europe apart from the islands . 
  moved from england to scotland , when i go back home it feels the same . 
  i do n't know why this is but england and scotland seem the same . 
  because millions of people are n't being killed by chemtrail activists . 
  i just moved to scotland and picked up * ivanhoe * yesterday , thought i 'd read some scot lit seeing as though i 'm spending the rest of my life here . 
  any other novels you recommend ? 
  my personal favourite novel has to be * lord of the rings * by tolkien , it might be a bit obvious but there is a reason it has been so big since they were first published and were still massive before the films . 
  another personal favourite , which i think every human should read , is * 1984 * . 
  every teenager needs to read this to be aware of the dangers of blindly following a political cause . 
  my favourite factual book is * the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire * by edward gibbon . 
  it was written in between 1766 and 1788 so we know more about the romans since then , but his prose is beautiful and although very long , i felt like i knew a lot more about the world after it .
