  poor scotland , only british isles country to not go through . 
  err what 's so surprising about that ? 
  no , it has changed since . 
  like someone else said , you had n't even read your own fucking sources hahahahaha . 
  what the hell was your point anyway , that england shits on scotland and tried a cultural genocide ? 
  go back the start of this discussion , what the actual fuck are you even trying to say ? 
  he was being sarcastic because that 's what you tried to pass yourself off as in earlier comments . 
  this is mind blowing , i wonder how many people from these pics survive until 1945 ? 
  pity the top comment is a joke . 
  [ traditional russian music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qn06w-ibfkq ), 
  well you do n't live here . 
  do n't forget scotland voted no . 
  there is some very uninformed opinions and your opinion was a classic example of it , and the other comments reinforce my point . 
  just because your dad or grandad is scottish means fuckall , shit . 
  but i will tell you this , americans and canadians are so fucking awful when it comes to irish or british stuff it just comes across as backward as fuck . 
  if i was a yank i 'd be classed as irish american because of my parents , yet in england i 'm just english , in ireland when i visit family i 'm just english , we all look forward , not backward , but yanks take our whole history as an english bashing hobby of theirs while they sit on the internet reading dogshit by nationalists . 
  my point is you come across as a badly informed pseudo hobbie nationalists of a nationality you do n't exist in and never will . 
  if you really cared you could look shit up without the kindergarten use of sources that makes every educated person think you 're a nutcase . 
  to be fair i speak to a lot of romanians in skype chat and they all hate the romanians coming to the uk because they give romania a bad name . 
  basically , nowhere else have i heard so much hate for romanians than the romanians themselves . 
  they tell me it is their scum that come to the uk and that romania `` is n't like that '' . 
  secondly , i was at university a few years ago and the romanians at uni told me straight , that we should n't judge them on romanian immigrants . 
  just saw your comment about them being indigenous people . 
  this is not true , the celts invaded britain just the same as the tribes did that made up the the english people from scandinavia and the northern coast of germany . ` it 's reckoned the whole of the british people actually , for the most part , descended from the people who were here before the celt invasions . 
  you are messing with a touchy subject . 
  i still do n't get your point and the link between op and the sami people and scotland . 
  there are no parrallels . 
  what you need to understand is scotland was n't `` part of the british empire '' it * was * the british empire along with england . 
  scotland was doing the raping and pillaging under the british flag all around the world . 
  scotland had more slaves per scot than anyone else . 
  the scots language took over the gaelic tongue and that was done by the scots themselves , not the english . 
  i love scotland , i live in scotland , my girlfriend is scottish , but shit , there is some mad myths out there . 
  funnily enough , on reddit most of the craziest myths do actually come from americans or canadians , not scots . 
  are you suggesting that england was kidnapping their children etc ? 
  those kids were taken to america whether they were english or scottish and actually scottish merchants were kidnapping scottish kids . 
  i do n't see your point here , your links are n't really explaining what you 're getting at ? 
  it 's nothing like the sami people . 
  what do you even mean ? 
  are you saying this happened to scotland ? 
  yeah i guess it 's just the same really . 
  though i 've never had prawn cocktail in england or scotland on crimbo . 
  how did uk and ireland get the exact same amount of calories ? 
  the huns attacked the romans not the mongols , the roman empire ( western ) was gone by the time the mongols were around . 
  but it was the germanic tribes that originated in scandinavia that forced the collapse of the roman empire . 
  also the romans were quite well settled in southern england by any of this happened , around 400 years . 
  do n't the truck drivers just get a hefty fine ? 
   are they both including and then excluding the state pension in this figure ? 
  this had me totally baffled , i do n't get it . 
  i must be missing something here , they ca n't be using a pie chart in such a misleading way , right ? 
  i wish i understood all thisl, 
  it is basically what you are saying . 
  people have been sanctioned , people do get sanctioned . 
  you 'd know this if you had any experience other than a fucking tabloid . 
  bet you agree with this too you slimy cunt ... https://news.yahoo.com/teen-who-worked-in-corner-shop-for-10-weeks-to-170210642.html, 
  / r/mapporn will like this stuff . 
  we got snow in the borders two nights ago , there is hope !, 
   i hate this grey , soggy and windy mess we have right now . 
  do n't go to uk then , it 's like that all summer too . 
  no i meant the most expensive cities within the uk . 
  any british person knows london and edinburgh are very expensive cities . 
  but then i guess they 're on the list because they 're the biggest tourist destinations . 
  well they did put the two most expensive cities in the uk , by far the most expensive . 
  he looks like he just had a wank . 
   those unpaid work experiences you are ranting about are n't even compulsory . 
  yes they are . 
   i might stop wondering if you are just some unemployed troll sitting at home all day and telling the internet how everybody else is at fault . 
  nah , i 've just bought my own home with my girlfriend and i start work very early , so i do have a lot of time for most of the day . 
  i have a lot of first hand experience in recruitment to know how much of it is bullshit , especially cv obsession for low-skilled jobs . 
  that 's why i 'm so critical of you personally , even people in recruitment recognise something you do not . 
  you ca n't speak to someone about something who knows a whole lot more than you about it , you just say things that give you away as a kid without much life experience . 
  [ here is an article saying workfares are being scrapped ] ( https://johnnyvoid.wordpress.com/2015/11/25/workfare-abandoned-mandatory-work-activity-and-community-work-placements-both-to-be-scrapped/ ) if you were to argue it 's good that people are being forced to work for # 1 an hour , then you would at least recognise there is a problem with companies having such large amounts of free workers and fake apprenticeships that it actually adds to the problem of there being a lack of jobs in the first place . 
  that said , you needed evidence of it , even though you could google it in a few seconds . 
  your stupidity is profound . 
  lmao . 
  you are using an example of only the people getting maximum benefits . 
  you now have to talk shit to defend yourself . 
   but there would n't be any jobs in the first place if they were n't subsidized by those unemployment benefits . 
  you might want to think about that first . 
  not true , if a company can employ 10 people and not pay them there is clearly work that needs to be done . 
  if those people all quit at the same time it would probably disrupt the place they 're working . 
  but like i have mentioned before , it 's a way around minimum wage . 
  when you divide the benefits they receive by the hours they worked theyre often working for a quarter of minimum wage , which is disgusting . 
  and no , do n't try and counter this point by only including someone with 5 kids and a free house , most people working for their dole receive little and actually want a job . 
  but it 's extremely obvious you have very little experience with this whole thing , your whole argument screams out that what you know is probably by asking someone else who supports border-line slave labour , probably circlejerking each other . 
  true . 
  so how can people argue with that ? 
  is that how we do it in the uk or is this just denmark ? 
  i do have a job and my cv is fine thanks . 
  i think people should work for their benefits too , but only for the legal minimum wage , not # 1 an hour . 
  like i said , if someone gets # 100 a week and he can only get 5 hours work , then those 5 hours should be all it takes , not a full time job for benefits , that 's just wrong . 
  but the principle here is the idea that companies are exploiting these people and do n't want to pay them for their work , it 's as simple as that . 
  working a `` cleaning apprenticeship '' or `` warehouse packer apprenticeship '' is exploitation too and more needs to be done to stop it . 
  i would hazard a guess you are young and privileged and you have opinions of how people should suffer , but would n't want to go through it yourself . 
  it depends , i 'm not saying it 's impossible to get a cleaning job . 
  but when you are struggling to find a job you come across these companies trying to exploit the unemployed . 
  i 've seen apprenticeships for shelf-stacking , warehouse packing , stuff like that . 
  it is pure exploitation . 
  there was a great and funny article about a young lad who had an apprenticeship at a hotel , he did n't learn anything and sometimes he had to fight for his weekly wage but he said he was only doing it to acquire some experience before moving on . 
  i phoned up about a cleaning job a few years ago here in england , i was asked if i had any work experience in cleaning , i did n't get the job . 
  i 've also seen a cleaning apprenticeship advertised .
