  it 's the same in england . 
  `` if danes vote to scrap the opt-out , denmark will gradually be drawn in to more and more european policies because the arrangement will allow the danish parliament to approve new adoption of eu rules by a simple majority . '', 
  why is this the case when they 're just voting on a more integrated justice system ? 
  i 'm not sure i get all this . 
   for 6 months actually . 
  and i did n't receive any unemployment benefits . 
  hmm . 
  so how did you support yourself ? 
  mummy and daddy ? 
  the whole recruitment system is a sham these days , even people that work in hr recognise it 's a sham . 
  if you think someone needs a solid work history to stack shelves then maybe you are part of the problem of so much unemployment across europe right now . 
  you hate people on benefits , but you think people do n't deserve a job . 
  so then when someone is forced to work have them get paid for those hours they work * then * add the extra at the end ? 
  it is obvious you are hell bent on wanting people to work for nothing , this is shown in the fact that you said `` checkered cv '' . 
  lmao . 
  checkered cv like it matters to a shelf stacking job . 
  you are one of these people who could work for nestle or a big oil company and use mental gymnastics to defend all the shit they 've done wrong . 
  how about you work for free for a few months then you can decide . 
  in than case make them work only the hours that would cover the benefits as if it was minimum wage . 
  so say someone gets # 100 a week in benefits and minimum wage is # 6.70 , so have them work 15 hours a week . 
  that 's fair . 
  but you are pretending exploitation does n't exist , and i 'm starting to think you are involved in this in some way . 
  there are companies who take on say 5 new worker for * free * then when there time is up , they get 5 more and replace the people . 
  that is the company saving money and it is the only reason the company do it , it 's downright wrong and disgusting . 
  that 's why it is being banned here in the uk once everyone became aware of what was going on . 
   they receive unemployment benefits . 
  so why should they receive `` a decent wage '' on top of that ? 
  seriously : why should they ? 
  answer that . 
  here is the problem . 
  but here 's where you and i differ , they should not be given benefits , their dole should stop and they should be paid minimum wage . 
  so for example , someone is on the dole and they are made to work in a shop stacking shelves 20-30 hours a week , to you that is a good thing , to me it 's exploitation . 
  the company they are stacking shelves for should pay them the minimum wage , they * are * working and their dole should stop . 
  they are n't learning anything , there is no skill involved in most cases , it is only done because the company is saving money . 
  with that said , there have been court cases where people have refused to work for free and in all cases so far in my country they have won . 
  judges have ruled it illegal . 
  as for people sitting around doing nothing . 
  i hate these people too , though single people with no children rarely can sit around doing nothing in the uk these days , your benefits will just be stopped . 
  a good example to prove i hate lazy people is when i applied to a job 35 miles away and was told i will share a lift with someone else unemployed but had a car . 
  5 times , yes , 5 fucking times the person with the car decided they did n't want to do the job and wanted to claim benefits instead of working . 
  this infuriates me as much as it does you . 
  but is the solution to make them work for free ? 
  the solution is to force them to work , kick them off benefits and pay them a minimum wage at least . 
  i do n't know how anyone can possibly justify a company not paying someone for the work they do . 
  to say that it is `` in most cases '' just shows your extreme lack of knowledge on this subject . 
  this exploitation is a major problem in smaller towns where there is a lack of jobs . 
  shops like poundland are the worst for it , i think they found a shop in leicester a few years back where half the staff were on `` work experience '' . 
  if there is work to be done then people should receive a wage , especially when it is a job that requires very little to no skill . 
  if so many shops are doing this then they become one of the reasons there are so few jobs in an area . 
  luckily , the law and now the government disagree with people like you and it has recently been banned , or at least the contracts with employers will no longer be renewed . 
  fuck sake even estonian 's hate it here . 
  in that case i think it 's great . 
  prague looks like a beautiful place . 
  never believe uk unemployment statistics , we mess around with them too much for them to ever be believable . 
  the uk is so low because it 's great at fiddling with the statistics . 
  if the job centre forces you to do `` work experience '' then they class you as employed . 
  let me guess , there 's plenty of jobs for everyone except the locals ? 
  i lived in manchester city centre in the uk and all the job in the city centre went to students and people that moved in , not to the locals , the local people had no chance . 
  i worked in a shop alongside someone who said he hated the local people and wished they were all replaced by students !, 
  shit i did n't think of that !, 
  so deep . 
  i imagine there 's a lot more reporting of european news in smaller countries , quite simply because there is n't as much news to report on internally and news outlets have to report on something every single day , all day . 
  in the case of irish people reporting on uk news , i reckon it 's because there 's actually a lot of irish flairs living in the uk , especially london . 
  haha where did that one come from ? 
  wtf, 
  this map actually makes so much sense . 
  firstly it 's an english language sub , which i believe has the biggest impact on who comes here . 
  uk and ireland are high , in fact ireland is only around a quarter of uk even though it has a population of 4.6 mil . 
  uk 64 mil . 
  this being an american website it ' obvious why there are so many americans here , even quite a few canadians and australians . 
  after that it seems to be based on what european countries speak the most english . 
  the french and italians are hardly renowned for their love of the english language and it 's clearly reflected here . 
  lot of germans but it 's important for the germans to keep tabs on us while they build their empire . 
  but another thing i noticed , the smaller a country is the higher per capita visitors they have , especially further west . 
  look at portugal and spain , they 're basically the same . 
  is this because smaller countries are more interested in what goes on outside of their own country ? 
  on a per capita basis there are twice as many belgians here as germans , more than 3 times the amount of swiss than french . 
  why ? 
  oh fuck really ? 
  i have been wondering about that . 
  this pic is literally the english one altered . 
  this is the best . 
  [ northern england ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/844/730/a44.png ) or just [ england ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/736/763/485.jpg ) . 
  i 'm guessing your opinions come from a push to unite turkey after the collapse of the ottoman empire , like `` forget the ottoman empire we are turkish now '' . 
  what sacrifices were made ? 
  no i was n't basing it off just my time in uni . 
  i am talking about people in general that i knew , those i know personally up to the age of 30 and online mixed ages . 
  [ this is my attempt ] ( http://imgur.com/8wozctt ) i 've been drinking and i just found it much easier to use paint . 
  are there turks in western and eastern turkey that would be happy to cut the country right down the middle and split it in two ? 
  why has no one mentioned [ coldplay - yellow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yknxef4kmsy ) ? 
  yeah and they destroyed many of them and put them into maisonettes and high rises , what a disaster . 
  i have read up on this and when the old `` slums '' were knocked down and moved the people into maisonettes people said they 'd rather be back in the slum because at least they had a sense of community . 
  the flats were hastily built and of poor quality too . 
  those houses you linked are n't too bad in the uk , they are usually bought rather than council owned and are looked after . 
  they 're considered different to the one 's i linked . 
  totally different to something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdpob71rnp8 ) . 
  where are you from ? 
  i think it 's mostly a northern england thing . 
  i bet nobody says `` top of the morning to ya '' round there . 
  [ this place ] ( http://www.salfordstar.com/article.asp?id=1384 ) sucks .
