  `` i bet you 're fun at parties '' is a good one here . 
  `` yes i 'm fine thanks , how are you ? '', 
  * gives them a confused look and wonders why they replied *, 
  you 'd like england then . 
  i 'm from uk . 
  i do n't even know where to begin , we use so many sayings people do n't realise they 're just sayings . 
  i think we have more phrases like this than any other language , russian being second . 
  i never realised how often we did this until i started working with a lithuanian guy . 
  i realised i had to explain phrases to him nearly every conversation . 
  this is n't true at all . 
  people are also annoyed with unskilled eastern european immigration . 
  people also do n't trust the eu as a whole to focus on our own interests . 
  to say that people only want to leave the eu because of muslims is fucking ridiculous . 
  ireland has a lot of outdated laws when it comes to sex stuff . 
  it 's changing though . 
  looks like everything they built in the 70s in england . 
  honestly op , i do n't think that building looks so bad . 
  from ground level i bet it looks ok . 
  i would say [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/blob_birmingham.jpg ) for the uk . 
  it looks like shit but the brummies think it looks great . 
  well , this thread is shocking for / r/europe and is absolute trash , and it 's sad it 's upvoted . 
  i could n't imagine seeing one about france or germany and getting giddy about it and joining in on the attacks . 
  this the hatred in this post right ? 
  give it a rest , it 's not all down to your reasoning . 
  i have never , ever met a person in my whole life that thought the british empire was innocent . 
  in the uk you get right-wing racists who think the british empire was a shit thing for its victims . 
  it just does n't happen . 
  the problem i think lies in this fact . 
  nearly all brits are happy to hold their hands up and say `` yeah , that was bad '' but that is n't enough for someone who hates british people , they do n't want brits to think like that . 
  so they will use things like the boer war and lie about it to stir up controversy , add details where they do n't exist to create an argument so they can say `` look , the brits think they 're innocent '' . 
  be more specific . 
  they were meant to keep the boer civilians from supplying the boer soldiers . 
  the british were trying to cut off all supply to those soldiers by shutting down/destroying farms and moving the people into these `` refugee camps '' . 
  it fucked up fast , they could n't supply themselves with food and other supplies and people started dying , also important to remember thousands of british soldiers were dying from disease too . 
  reports of this got back to britain ( they were n't aware of it at first ) and there was public outrage . 
  more nurses and supplies were sent and it got to the point where the death rates were as low as you could want . 
  it was a too late though because lots of people already died . 
  history is never as clear cut as those with an agenda would like you to believe ( like op , check his post history ) . 
  but because these camps are known as concentration camps and you see photos of starved people it will probably always be a tool for someone with an agenda . 
  how on earth is that thread a shitshow ? 
  what do you propose ? 
  no they do n't . 
  we are told all throughout school it was bad . 
  there is this myth that non-brits , or brits that live in a closed-minded bubble , believe that the brits think their empire was n't all that bad . 
  i never see this claim backed up with any real proof , it 's just pounced upon by people that hate the british . 
  you do n't think mad helps the government manipulate opinions of its population ? 
  is there another reason this is happening ? 
  alternate brit . 
  scandinavian 's would n't be pagans , they 'd be protestants who do n't do saints . 
  what did the british ever do for us ? 
  does this mean english is just as close to icelandic as it is german ? 
  what do germans * think * other countries learn about ww1 ? 
  without looking it up , i 'm curious . 
  do you think it 's different in the us to france ? 
  right , i did n't think so many people were actually fleeing from libya , rather they were africans from elsewhere in africa . 
  refugees in libya ? 
  what war are they fleeing from ? 
  i knew it was that before i clicked it . 
  amazing film , the scene before they go over the top was so well done for the time too . 
  i do n't think it 's so much a dividing of europe issue , it 's just our first major problem of politicians throughout all of europe being too politically correct and left-wing to do anything about it . 
  it 's not like everyone in france dislikes those in eastern europe who are dealing with the problem . 
  most of the general public are against our politicians , not country vs country . 
  we were told in british schools that it was an arms race that got out of hand . 
  never that germany was building a navy to attack britain , but it was a threat that forced britain to keep building a bigger navy . 
  the only thing i know about georgia state is the walking dead . 
  before that i did n't know if it was a desert or cold or anything . 
  all i know about the country georgia is that it looks beautiful on google images . 
  from a handful to 1000 in 10 years , with 350 being shot last year , wow . 
  i did n't realise there was so many in germany either , i guess they do n't have many predators in western and central europe . 
  looks like the uk . 
  i thought that was finland all year round . 
  i think boars were reintroduced a while back somewhere in southern england . 
  as silly as this may seem , 6.6 seems too high for uk . 
  because it 's on europe 's borders . 
   the eu is n't about geography . 
  so why do n't we add canada or us , maybe australia or new zealand ? 
  actually you should look at abortion rates . 
  i would say it 's more about being able to avoid pregnancy than money , though money is the driving factor to stop people in the first place , it still did n't stop people . 
   not the statistician 's fault your country is asymmetric . 
  there 's plenty of stats out there to break it down like other european countries . 
  interesting , i guess these stats do change from year to year . 
  i think nottingham got the worst city of 2005 but now is one of the best . 
  i guess in a country where we do n't have many murders anyway it only takes a couple to shoot up the rankings ( btw i found nottingham to be a very nice city ) . 
  ruffle feathers ? 
  all this shit happened because salmond wanted scots to look to ireland as an example of independence . 
  when the recession hit and ireland was fucked he did a 180 turn and pushed and pushed to blag everyone scots were no longer celts but vikings . 
  cringey and stupid . 
  england is more nordic than scotland . 
  everything you said is completely wrong . 
  scotland is a celtic country . 
  vikings used scotland for industrial scale slavery rather than settling , except the islands . 
  england was settled by a lot of vikings and the english are seen as a germanic people like the germans , benelux countries and scandinavia . 
  i live in scotland , i read a lot of history . 
  sorry , but this shit absolutely baffles me . 
  why is england just one area ? 
  it varies a lot . 
  err ok kid . 
  they 've probably never even had a job , maybe a quick stint in starbucks or some bollocks . 
  they seem to have been very specific about where they were holding this protest , i think in most parts of britain the general public would have been annoyed enough to start a fight . 
  per person the scandinavians spend the most individually .
