i do n't know , but most of our latvian and lithuanian immigrants fucking hate the poles . 
  no it 's ridiculous and not one single person really thought romanians would flood the country , not one , even right-wing madmen . 
  however , we thought it could cause us problems and it does , with romanian gypsies . 
  i 've met very nice and kind polish people who were very racist at the same time . 
  it is unusual to have that mix in uk , nice , kind people who complained to me we have too many asians and blacks . 
  huh ? 
  cos we suck ? 
  are you seriously annoyed a british ship would n't be called blas de leo ? 
  seriously ? 
  either way it used to be common in europe . 
  why ca n't we europeans create a competitor ? 
  how do they find each other to breed ? 
  oh , i did type in greek village using the greek language . 
  [ where is this ? 
  ] ( http://www.protothema.gr/images/imagehandler.ashx?m=anchoredfit&amp;f=ly8xmc4ymdeumtaumjmwl3byd2vizgf0ys9mawxlcy8xlziwmtqvmdkvmtmvbgv2axnpcy1lcgvpcndtzw5vlmpwzw%3d%3d&amp;t=0&amp;w=820&amp;h=457&amp;a=center ), 
  glad others have been finding this whole thing cringey as fuck . 
  it is shit anyway . 
  yeah so ? 
  if it had any other special name it would n't be a problem . 
   sub-classes huh ? 
   admit the breakfast is called a `` full irish '' this is the only thing that i would die for . 
  it is a full english , it has always been a full english . 
  it 's like when the scots throw a square sausage on it and call it a scottish breakfast . 
  no , just no . 
  sorry i was talking about the country not one city . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oivspy8xy9i ) should be our national anthem . 
  i know there 's no singing , but damn it 'd be great at sporting events . 
  why ? 
  it 's bangers and mash . 
  i 'll be brutally honest , this type of shit is 10 % of the reason we 're having an eu referendum . 
  why do they always want to deport afghans ? 
  what a crazy game . 
  i thought we were done at 2-0 . 
  jamie vardy is a legend in the making . 
  seems like a lot of europeans see the uk as a place for a job but not for retirement . 
  next to belgium is n't it ? 
  i do n't know to be honest , let 's just say above france right of britain and left of germany . 
  i always thought poland was bigger than greece in gdp but whatever . 
  i have to admit i admire polish peoples ' positivity about their future . 
  which makes me wonder , why do so many leave ? 
  do you think so many poles living in western europe in the last decade then moving back home has had an impact ? 
  most europeans hat have been to britain know it is quite shit . 
  but why the perfect circle and not the area around it ? 
  thanks . 
  but still nothing on a country like yours is it ? 
  i mean [ look at that !, 
  ] ( http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8637/15913428104_d87ef3536b_o.jpg ), 
  you can , probably not in london or much of the south though . 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  i hate spartans . 
  is this ok ? 
   plagerised sports i am stealing this . 
  to be honest he as just quoting what one guy said to promote one opinion . 
  do n't think i 've spoke to a kyrgyzstanian before . 
  beautiful scenery you have there . 
  can i speak to people at the bus stop ? 
  i think it says a lot about a country if you can strike up a conversation with someone at the bus stop . 
  this is actually the case for uk . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  agreed . 
  i moved to scotland , they 're slowly grasping the english language now . 
  you 're from kyrgyzstan ? 
  they do this ? 
  this is good news . 
  hundreds of millions of people live in places like this around the world . 
  chinese was up there but i ca n't remember where exactly . 
  i know russia was definitely second . 
  it was about colloquialisms and stuff . 
  as soon as i find it i 'll post it here . 
  i 'm going to , i find it a bit weird really . 
  also i 'm not sure if it 's unfair . 
  they do n't think that because they do n't know . 
  this came from a study i read a while ago . 
  it 's funny to see people getting upset about this . 
  i think i can get one then if my grandparents are northern irish ? 
  again i read an article on slang and phrases used by different language . 
  british english and russian were way out there compared to other languages . 
  this is the point i made in the first comment . 
  the lithuanian guy has lived in three different areas around the uk and said it feels like starting all over again each time he moves . 
  if you speak normal english it 's fine . 
  you realise how much slang/phrases you actually use when speaking to a foreigner . 
  it 's just something i thought i 'd read . 
  might have been this ... `` since 1 july 1986 , a person registered in the foreign births entry book after 1986 is deemed to be an irish citizen only from the date of his/her entry in the register and not from the date of birth . 
  this means that children born to that person before his/her date of entry in the register are not entitled to citizenship . 
  people registered before july 1986 are deemed irish citizens either from the date the original irish nationality and citizenship act came into force , that is , 17 july 1956 , or their date of birth , whichever is later . 
  only children born after 17 july 1956 can claim citizenship in such cases . '', 
  can you back up this claim . 
  can you make a comparison to how english people themselves were treated worse than , say , scottish ? 
  i bet you ca n't . 
  lol makes me laugh when people try to massively down play the impact the darien scheme had . 
  yeah , there was big problems with the acts but the darien scheme still totally fucked up scotland . 
  do n't try and down play it , it makes you look like a liar or deluded . 
  did n't the scottish want a scottish monarch for both england and scotland , with scotland refusing to accept someone to the throne , causing a load of shit which led to the `` economic war '' ? 
  if you think scotland has it harder than england then you have absolutely no idea about the uk . 
  this is one of the biggest problems for ireland if the uk leaves . 
  ireland becoming a backdoor . 
   are there as many brits eligible for a german passport i tried saying my greatx35 grandparents were saxons but they were n't having it . 
  that 's a lot considering people born before 1980 ( i think ) ca n't apply for a passport . 
  does this actually exclude those people ?
