one of the better things about southern and eastern europe . 
  that is clear and informative , thank you . 
  thank you . 
  romance is important for peoples , and a powerful emperor makes for a good figurehead . 
  interesting . 
  thank you for the link . 
  ah , the slavic disdain makes sense . 
  thank you . 
  oh yes . 
  the thing is , * they are all bastards * who do n't represent my interests . 
  maybe i should n't worry . 
  i live in a safe tory seat , my vote wo n't alter anything . 
  is it left-wing ? 
  i am both pro-europe and pro business . 
  they go hand-in-hand . 
  [ leeds castle ] ( http://supercarsiege.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/leedscastleariel.jpg ), 
  nor does t and s , unless it is at the end of a word . 
  why are you not still called dacia ? 
  portugal . 
  longest ever alliance , we rule the atlantic . 
  the french are bickering siblings . 
  can confirm : went on holiday to prague with vegetarian gf . 
  i ate pork all day long and i was very happy . 
  i was in bliss actually , i had pork three ways with dumplings and stuff . 
  mmmn . 
  she ate chips . 
  chips and salad . 
  luckily , she 's a massive alcoholic so the pubs were fine . 
  good idea , op . 
  cyberturkey best so far . 
  gove never goes back to the carpet store . 
  he 's swedish . 
  but i agree , 99 % of my country is shit ( aside from me and mine ), 
  pretty damned sore . 
  four things . 
  scottish people . 
  of course i wrote scotch instead of scottish deliberately . 
  over 50 % of my scummy fellow english people apparently hate and ignore scotland , so why should n't i add fuel to the fire . 
  vile traitor . 
  scotch was on purpose . 
  the spirit , not the letter . 
  fuck it . 
  i 'm english and a unionist , but if the english have betrayed the country then the scotch can do as they please . 
  good luck . 
  nope , 42 . 
  yup . 
  brexiters are narrow-minded traitors , and they 've won . 
  i 'm very sorry . 
  hilarious , no doubt . 
  have some sympathy for those of us british people who do n't want to be isolated, 
  i wo n't enjoy it at all . 
  i hope it does . 
  if my fellow british cunts vote out , i hope the eu collapses . 
  if it 's no use to us ... 
  it used to be the best passport . 
  after tomorrow ... 
  yep . 
  thick cunts . 
  amigo , if my fellow british cunts are stupid , i hope spanish people are stupid too . 
  not the consensus at all . 
  fantasy about trade deals . 
  scottish people understand they need to be in europe . 
  non-metropolitan english people are stupid pompous silly people who insult my country . 
  of course it is a joke . 
  rule britannia . 
  we had a good run . 
  can some of us come live in cousin germany ? 
  it will , my fellow british people are mostly scum . 
  yeah , terrific . 
  now my international allies think i 'm a petty racist nostalgist with no understanding of realpolitik . 
  well , you 'd hope so . 
  never underestimate how dumb a british person can be . 
  apologies to proper places like manchester , leeds , liverpool , birmingham and other areas with grown-ups , this is bad . 
  it 's you and us londoners who have a chance to keep this sane . 
  fucking do it . 
  my fellow englishmen have betrayed the union . 
  we will be in the shit . 
  the average briton is spectacularly stupid . 
  nope . 
  voters are cunts, 
  in that case , i hope trump fucks your wonderful country . 
  fuck yes . 
  i have a lot of love for liverpool and manchester and leeds and some other sane places , but small town england is disgraceful . 
  good entertainment , but as a german , you must be pro-europe like sane people like me . 
  yeah , laugh it up . 
  why do you want a shit uk ? 
  nah , it 's the most vitally important vote of our generation and pettiness has fucked our country . 
  hang your heads in shame , brexiters . 
  nobody loves losing , be fair . 
  no , i 'm a remainer . 
  the newcastle remain vote is too narrow . 
  toon vote not very good . 
  fuck it , this pompous , useless country . 
  can i join as an independent european ? 
  indeed , many people consider terrorists as neccesarily ` other ' people , so foreign ones are just terrorists and domestic ones have to be mentally ill as something to ameliorate . 
  your flair is irish , so you will know that terrorism can be boy-next-door and domestic during the troubles , some crazy , some sane . 
  nobody arrested had the legal armour of mental illness . 
  do know that i am not advocating a return to that policy . 
  justice was wrong and the terror wings of the unionists were as bad as the ira . 
  absolutely terrorism .
