via clouds . 
  i 've heard it rains a lot in london . 
   its dumb because trump is overestimating the importance of russia , after all its gdp the size of italy 's yes , but what is important to trump is how much is it there for him . 
  [ the word on the street ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/5qj1o2/ureallyjay_outlines_the_secret_deals_going_on/dd02qvv ) is that russians offered him ( in may , june ) equity in exchange for lifting sanctions . 
   first you have to agree on a route which transits terrain able to support it , has the least environmental impact and still makes sense economically . 
  1 ) youre one of the countries/area with lowest population density , so that really should n't be a problem . 
  2 ) you get 85 % of the funding covered i 'm just really surprised how most of estonians does n't see the benefit of this . 
  suffering greatly ? 
  lol , how ? 
   consequently child sexual abuse cases increased by ten percent . 
  having a long article saying that 1/3 of sex assaults are caused by foreigners , which is backed with all the numbers from current and past year , and then in between you just drop one sentence like this ? 
  odd to say the least . 
  any numbers on child abuse in finland ? 
  i am surprised how the general public in estonia does n't see the benefit of being better connected with the heart of europe . 
  being a periphery only gets you that far . 
  also , why is croatia not apart of it ? 
   you realize nato would not sell us their planes right ? 
  and that we cant even afford them . 
   do n't be stupid this is a pointless argument . 
  1st - you feel the need to buy weapons because apparently croatia is buying more nato stuff and you feel threatened by this - according to you pm . 
  they might attack any tine now , i suppose . 
  2nd - germany would also like to have the most advance army , but ca n't afford it . 
  i 'm sure russians would be happy to supply them with a tank or ten for `` free '' . 
   buying weapons you can afford , since none of you offer us your weapons , does n't mean we are pro-shit this is a pointless argument . 
  1st - you feel the need to buy weapons because apparently croatia is buying more nato stuff and you feel threatened by this - according to you pm . 
  they might attack any tine now , i suppose . 
  2nd - germany would also like to have the most advance army , but ca n't afford it . 
  i 'm sure russians would be happy to supply them with a tank or ten for `` free '' . 
  the project gets 85 % funding from the eu ? 
  yet it takes years to agree on how to move the project forward . 
  lol, 
  there 's a word on the street that serbia is the trojan horse of europe . 
  no need to take my word for it , but that 's what i 've heard . 
  / trumped, 
  what , you make a list of castles by country and do n't include [ slovenia - the land of castles ] ( https://youtu.be/ck3-lrttiim ) ? 
  looks cool . 
  where exactly is it located ? 
  well eu also did smaller deals with mecadonia & serbia , which did stop the balkan route to certain extend . 
   edit : apparently , now we also [ throw away nearly the same amount of food/capita ] ( https://libraryeuroparl.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/food-waste3.png ) as the slovenians , greeks and czechs . 
  wow , eesti can into capitalism !, 
   there is no universal unifying concept of `` nationality '' and perception of it varies across the `` nationalities '' . 
  yes there is . 
  in english `` nationally '' has a certain meaning . 
  * nationality ; the status of belonging to a particular nation , whether by birth or naturalization *  russian old believers might be citizens of estonia in legal sense , but it does n't mean that estonians ( native speakers of estonian finno-ugric language and of culture ) would view them as one of their own . 
  well to use exactly the same logic on * `` native speakers of estonian finno-ugric language '' * then europeans do n't see you as citizens of europe . 
  you might be living in the area , but your ancestors arrived here long after the majority of the european ancestors arrived . 
   estonians are free to view any other nationality as they like . 
  this exactly is the problem . 
  they are not a different nationality . 
  they are estonians as well !, 
  you do n't see people in austria saying that the owner of red bull is a croat . 
  he as born and educated in austria , and is austrian . 
  the fact that he is coming from a line of croats that have lived in austria for 200-300 years is irrelevant . 
   i 'm not sure what you mean by indigenous - they are just an older immigrant population ** same applies for estonians ** - all those 10 who have not been mixed with german , russian , danish , latvian , swedish , finish , ukrainian , etc. 
  blood . 
  ancestors of today 's estonians only arrived to the area , when 5-7th century ? 
   lol he has alternative facts . 
  he showed that he truly does believe his delusions . 
  the delusions are also a bit of a strategy . 
  1st ) they are turning their core supporter base agains the mainstream media . 
  basically tuning new your times , washington post , etc. 
  into fake news . 
  2nd ) they make average people more num , as those people just want to get on with their life and do n't want to be bothered with the drama everyday . 
  the greatest tower of them all , the trump tower . 
   no offense but that is some dumb shit . 
  no it 's not . 
  people do n't need to just say whatever they feel like and bluntly insult other people . 
  you can easily express yourself without insulting others . 
  if you do n't want to , then that is your problem . 
  so you are saying that they did n't want to harm an average european ?!, 
  this isis people ai n't that bad after all . 
  u/mr _ simanski could you copy/past the full text ? 
  construction in ljubljana is getting there again . 
  * they were all only counting potatoes , when all of a sudden ... boom !, 
  no more potato . 
  they said it on tv , so it must be true !, 
  source please ? 
  the area started to be known as `` the land of slavs '' after 560 , once the lombards left and the slavs emptied the vacuum . 
  it was not `` slovenia '' . 
   slightly different logo logo , lol . 
  it 's called `` coat of arms '' in educated groups . 
  it 's interesting that the term slovenia was non existent prior to the 19th century . 
  the area was normally referred as carinthia . 
  we just got tired of paying for the bureaucrats in belgrade and decided that we prefer to pay for the ones in brussels . 
  thats basically why we left . 
   lasko is better than union . 
  there , i said it . 
  its all the same company today - and owned by forigners - so the rivalry aint what it used to be . 
  dare i call it non-existent ... 
   i do n't know a single celebrity slovene though not a celebrity , but american first lady is slovene . 
  unfortunately , should i add . 
  at this point , better alternative to china would be to focus on china 's asian main trading partners -- russia being one of them . 
  they are the ones booming together with china ( or thanks to them ) , but are much easier to get them on board with regard to western standards . 
  the main problem now with china is that there 's a good chance your designs will eventually be stolen and given to a chinese company , which the chinese government will then later support at your expense . 
  what you want is china to open their markets , and enforce western ip law - this is not going to happen , not in next 5-10 years . 
  they simply laugh in our face if you want them to do so . 
  so one way would be to get their asian partners to the western law , and builds their economies around it . 
  then 15-20 years from now , it wo n't just be europe asking china to open their markets and enforce international ip law , but it will be the vast majority of china 's trading partners . 
  otherwise europe might end up being owned by china in 20-30 years . 
  so as russia would be just one of those china 's asian partners , in a way it would make sense to talk to them .
