  olive oil , i learned a new trick today, 
  i think the southernmost river in the netherlands would be the oosterschelde instead of the westerschelde . 
  the river only changed it path a couple of hundred years ago . 
  china took the us approach a couple of hundred years ago, 
  streisand effect, 
  and in limburgs !, 
  try making a right-minded post in / r/europe or a western countries subreddit . 
  limburg !, 
  we have some spare rpg 's !, 
  i love industrial and brutalist buildings , abandoned places . 
  i love propaganda posters . 
  oh , and the space race was pretty cool . 
  thanks for that, 
  * slides in soldiers on holiday *, 
  nice account you 've got there, 
  i want more . 
  i want them now . 
  dude , your cat walked on your keyboard again !, 
  nice analogy, 
  i 've never seen a murder myself , are murders not real ? 
  is finland real ? 
  pls enlighten me !, 
  i 'd happily take france 's nucular energy , the politicians here are sadly all against it or are `` neutral on the issue '', 
  science . 
  what do you mean ? 
  are you praising a broken voting system ? 
  sorry dude , the leftist cirklejerk has already started, 
  i and most of the people in my province do n't . 
  the hollandic people are just more vocal in the media, 
  it 'd be as if we called the usa texas or california . 
  i 'm not from holland , holland is 200km away from me . 
  netherlands . 
  so , if employees spy for the other side it becomes * nsa spying on nsa for the bnd for the nsa *, 
  i do n't , most people from limburg do n't, 
  we should make a country for old people to live in . 
  in limburg it gets frowned upon , in zeeland not as much in my experience, 
  limburg , dutch latvia . 
  you do n't live 10 minutes from holland . 
  you live 10 minutes from the netherlands . 
  greetings from across the border !, 
  if the germans did n't holocaust i 'd have rooted for them . 
  are there any russian minorities ? 
  publicity out of a shooting ? 
  the dudes been under 24/7 protection for years , have some respect even if you do n't agree with his politics, 
  all aboard the fefe train !, 
  how do you interfere with these ships ? 
  i do n't know much about the laws in the baltic but normally you ca n't interfere with a ship that 's restricted in her maneuverability ( red white red ) . . 
  and the oppression of gay people ? 
  or for military purposes in the cold or even second world war, 
  walk around in russian uniforms, 
  all aboard the dramatrain !, 
  i stand corrected , thanks !, 
  well , it 's an english thread so i do n't want to make people clueless about what it says haha, 
  i had a belgian classmate cheer that the queen was dead , seems so wrong to me . 
  i 'm against monarchies , but cheering for somebodies passing is n't a nice thing to do, 
  although you see that regions like friesland and limburg are substantially less `` orange-minded '', 
  maastrichter rap https://youtu.be/q6umvs7oijq, 
  i like a right minded government but i would also like a federal europe, 
  oil tankers , container ships . . 
  this is becoming a real problem for seafarers . . 
  they are legally required to safe any person at sea at risk , but are also bound by rules about immigration and terrorism . 
  we need to find a way to make this work real quick edit : a word, 
  i hope you are a troll . 
  poland , land of the grey, 
  here we go , all aboard the dramatrain !, 
  pls backanswer, 
  wow !, 
  is this normal in bigger city 's ? 
  seriously ? 
  i carry my swiss all the time, 
  i live in a relatively rural part of the netherlands , and i can confirm that i do n't mug someone with my swiss knive . 
  they are pretty useless to use as a weapon , you could pick superior ones to do that job, 
  i 'd rather be german than live with the hollanders, 
  level frisian . 
  we do n't like hollands in limburg, 
  what ? 
  my parents live near a village called neerbeek . 
  it has a counterpart on the other side of the highway , spanish neerbeek, 
  it 's a diversion . 
  it waits until we are convinced that it wo n't drop on us and then disaster strikes . 
  but they did n't vote in favor either, 
  i think you mean pvv with the only politician , but the pvdd and the sp were against it too . 
  they even did a fair bit of campaigning , in contrast to the parties in favor of the bill why where very silent until the very end . 
  every country has a veto , germany or luxembourg could block the bill, 
  i 'm not sorry . 
  i voted against and i would do it again . 
  the netherlands . 
  oh boy , this one is too easy, 
  we asked the people who care , and the people who care said no . 
  there was a post about rotterdam, 
  extreme ? 
  nvu , that 's extreme right . 
  brilliant . 
  being that bad about satire shows his insecurities, 
  which one ? 
  estonia, 
  why are you posting multiple replies saying basically the same thing ? 
  that was done by people who want to make pvv supporters look like extremists, 
  ugh , i hate that people blame everything on `` pc '', 
  i think it 's because they think there should be strong states in the region instead of many different militant groups,
