  that 'd be good for you , warcock, 
  i heard they ended up being used by motor gangs . 
  you are amazing  , 
  no , not really . 
  limburg has a large pvv following , and quite a few unemployed immigrants, 
  we do care . 
  off to the east indies !, 
  anyone need some spices ? 
  ships are awesome, 
  ships with those kind of names are the ships i use callsigns for . 
  * the netherlands, 
  i guess threatening to burn down places, 
  after the unification too !, 
  holland ? 
  i sure hope that murderers are a minority, 
  and for the ddr you were considered the closest thing to the west . 
  better than an empty container and ballast to compensate for the lack of cargo, 
  papa jong-il sounds like me singing along to madonna before i knew english papa jong-il , monne doosjiee . 
  vs , verenigde staten in dutch, 
  netherlands . 
  sounds like de efteling, 
  was . 
  i think i 'd translate to word seekers !, 
  limburger is limburger , nietwaar , ? 
  damn right i am, 
  i 'd rather be german than from holland, 
  he should invade western europe . 
  we learn german at school , your grandfather did n't suffer for that ? 
   the republicans losing what was left of their minds i can see that you are n't a true patriot . 
  republican party lost it 's mind ? 
  the republican party is better than ever right now !, 
  #cantstumpthetrump #buildthewall, 
  oh my god , i ca n't believe it !, 
  they insulted our lord and saviour uncle sam !, 
  so , we did make the relation between the american and the russian people better ? 
  i love your banter , please continue . 
  the netherlands are not holland, 
  maybe they are effective at preventing attacks from happening, 
  must be hard starting a french shop in poland , refusing to serve costumers that do n't speak french . 
  we have some radical islamic preachers preaching around in some of our mosques because of freedom of speech . 
  i think the oosterscheldekering was a bit more massive tbh, 
  dangerously close to the buffer zone of south limburg ( aka best limburg ), 
  in addition to flappie from joep van het hek , ho ho ho from de jeugd van tegenwoordig and katja . 
  i 'd love to get into a heated argument with thieme . 
  cold war was an awesome time for science and technology , 
  nobody here is a separatist , i think the most `` separist '' thing around here if the creation of a standard limburgic dictionary to counter the influence of hilversum around here . 
  but , if we were to separate from the rest of the netherlands , joining one of those two nations is better than being a separate country . 
  neh , we are n't sustainable enough to do that . 
  germany or belgium might be a better option . 
  i 'm proud of being a limburgian . 
  but i do n't think we would be sustainable as a country . 
  but a part of me thinks we would be better of as a part of germany or belgium, 
  oh god, 
  dag meneer de raaf !, 
  or all extreme groups, 
  but , our welfare state us funded by those taxes and we are decreasing our gas output, 
  and supporters of those parties get called nazis ( even in state funded media ), 
  yes, 
  i wonder how they scouted locations for these attacks . 
  what were they looking for ? 
  what did they plan first , the attacks on the football match and went further from that , or the concert at the bataclan ? 
  what locations did n't make the list , and why ? 
  i recently had a course ( a government appointed one ) that included fuel leaks and bilge water separation aboard ships . 
  they basically said that if you dump things overboard illegally you should write it up as burned for heating purposes because it 's very hard to check if you did burn it or dump it . 
  oh , and they also said that you should tell only the necessary people on board that you 've been dumping waste because the fines are very high . 
  i saw it in your flair and i was interested, 
  the muds ? 
  seriously , call these people terrorists but not such terms, 
  what is oz ? 
  but , since luxembourg was traded for limburg in the netherlands , what will happen to that province ? 
  they should link those two with a high speed rail !, 
  * the netherlands, 
  what about the louvre , les halles , centre pompidou ? 
  i may not have any information for you , russians . 
  but you can still send me on a date with one of your honeytraps though, 
  we yell pinda pinda pinda and a salvo is zakje pinda 's, 
  being pro-flanders is right ? 
  holland ? 
  manometer !!, 
  why ? 
  we regarded the turkish as better interested that than the moroccan in the netherlands, 
  you deserve every downvote you get . 
  people who express political opinions should be left alone or ( when they agree ) you should debate with them, 
  we are called the netherlands, 
  the earth is flat and they tell us otherwise !, 
  also , elvis was at the mall during the shooting, 
  imagine telling that story in a bar . 
  i bullied a terrorist during his attack . 
  yeah ? 
  balcony man , fuck yeah !, 
  there 's a hashtag on twitter for '' open doors '' , so you can stay at helpful people for the time being . 
  i 've read his manifesto ( i do n't know the english word , not fully but i went through it ) . 
  if you 're `` inspired '' by that piece of garbage there 's something very wrong with you . 
  rule # 1 : madagascar, 
  some mayor 's even sent letters along with the voting passes to remind them how important the eu is . 
  dibs on harwich and sheffield, 
  next referendum . . 
  30 % was the bar , and they passed that, 
  never surrender . 
  is that french mod here again ?
