  i hope that one day people wo n't be that ignorant any more, 
  i 'm a limburger myself , and i know the term . 
  but it 's used like an insult , just like `` mof '', 
  you know that 's a cover of a german song , right ? 
  that 's another example of the hollandcentrism by hollandic artists . 
  are you sure ? 
  the northern limburg region is a logistical region with short connections to industrial centres . 
  the southern limburg region has lots of cultural sites , nature and of course the large chemical area west of geleen, 
  nederland . 
  it is n't that hard ? 
  limburg ( united ) rebelled against the dutch , but the dutch still had ( belgian ) luxembourg . 
  you traded us , the dutch had a corridor to maastricht . 
  yeah , except some borderline cases that want their own nation ( not a big group at all ) . 
  they just do n't consider themselves hollanders, 
  and you traded us for fucking luxembourg . 
  thanks belgians , thanks . 
  no man , we do care . 
  germans would n't like it if we called them prussians too, 
  oh no , there 's also a lot of ignorant non-hollanders, 
  well , we 're all dutch . 
  i 'll allow it , 
  that 's what hollanders do , 
  i do n't participate in it , i 'm not a hollander . 
  i refuse to do that . 
  we are not called holland . 
  and still , some people call us holland . 
  well , you 're foreign so it is n't that much of an issue . 
  but i will correct you every time you use it  what i really dislike is hollanders calling the country holland because they think they 're better , or ignorant dutch people . 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm not a hollander , i will never be a hollander . 
  first you use holland and the netherlands interchangeably , then you think the rest of us are all living in a bible belt . 
  you like oversimplifying things , do n't you ? 
  and i think more gay bashing is happening in holland , thanks to our `` medelanders '' . 
  i just hate it when dutch people do n't call their country the right way . 
  beating the `` germans are efficient '' prejudice !, 
  yay churches !, 
  the amount of comments suggest that this is something that lives between us europeans, 
  he thinks about boobs every time he showers , poor thing, 
  i have the same thing about childrens shows . 
  when i was a kid ( just at the beginning of this century ) you had all kinds of tv shows with children , and they also had some pretty dark or sexual jokes in it . 
  that would n't happen nowadays, 
  i 'm triggered every time i see them , i just need to take a shower !, 
  but is if politically correct ? 
  what the actual fuck ?!, 
  * you did n't have lego ? 
  that 's a bit of a simplification , it 's not that whole sub-saharan africa is that bad, 
  that 's ableist, 
  only in holland or in the rest of the netherlands too ? 
  imagine being sent of to a warzone , going home with ptsd and being compared to the petty troubles of some tumlr-users . 
  ireland , canada did pretty well, 
  you mean russian people on vacation , amirite ? 
  call of the devil ? 
  salami ? 
  india with andorra . 
  it might be the smell of liege , you can smell it south of maastricht, 
  get diploma paid by romania 2 . 
  kill germans 3 . 
  ( for greece ), 
  you 've been banned from / r/androidcirclejerk and / r/poland, 
  * me too !, 
  is german the most efficient ? 
  devide by three !, 
  `` help , denmark was eaten by the seas !, 
  please upvote to make it land again ! '', 
  / r/circlejerk, 
  still doing this ? 
  sorry , wrong comment . 
  you are right . 
  that was fucking ace mate, 
  -- \u00ca * -- e *, 
  https://youtu.be/xi9hno45fc8 it 's not english , but it 's good enough for / r/europe * celine dion , au revoir *, 
  the creepy kind * let kinde being cr\u00eape *, 
  only witwith french mods !, 
  there 's a difference between islamophobic and islamcritical . 
  so if people gave correct translations of your text in all of the 230 + languages , would you add them to the post ? 
  so , if a latvian person becomes mod he can make mandatory megathreads in his language ? 
  the decapitating part maybe ? 
  * la parte de la decapite ? 
  je humour haha !, 
  dat is limburgs jong , de taol oet ut zonnige zuuje !, 
  * yes !, 
  we should all learn french !, 
  because of recent events : l'europe !, 
  l'europe !, 
  l'europe !, 
  * our continent . 
  our continent . 
  our continent . 
  * is that really true ? 
  that looks like a really weird thing , `` miljaar '' *, 
  francois !, 
  and the bias by the mods , preventing any islamcritical voices because that 's islamophobia . 
  i like them , but not only two languages in a community wide megathread . 
  if the mods want only one thread , i 'd like to have only the thread itself and not the post in a language chosen by the mod and a tone set by the mod . 
  if i see a post in french and english , looking as messy as my bedroom when i was 14 , i click away . 
  i click away and click on a better looking thread . 
  it 's not that i hate foreign languages , it just makes reading comments a fuckload harder . 
  * mer , es dat ein groot probleem is in europa motte veer it doa toch auch euver motte kenne h\u00fcbbe hiej ? 
  * but , if those things are a big issue in europe should n't we be allowed to discuss it here, 
  * good punt hubse doa jong * that 's a good point you have there,
