have you missed that a plane carrying some 200 dutch people were shot down over ukraine ? 
  victoria 2 , right ? 
  only paradox gsg i have n't played . . 
  i would assume you do . 
  i 'm swedish , and swedish citizens living abroad do have the right to vote , through postal mail . 
  you 'll probably have to look up info for your own country on how to actually do it tho, 
  problem is you would need both a combined eu army and individual armies . 
  the nations of the eu have very different policies regarding war , especially when it comes to conflict intervention . 
  some went to iraq with the us , while others strongly opposed it . 
  france is currently in mali , while others have no interest at all in that conflict . 
  this was my first thought as well . . 
  they 're hardly alone in that . 
  i ca n't recall reading about his even once in swedish new either . 
  everything would be solved if you would just take them back already . . 
  it 's almost as if you 're in the . . * dangerzone *, 
  after first the gestapo and the stasi , germany is quite paranoid about big brother . 
  even worse when it 's a supposed ally . 
  some of these companies have spent * a lot * of money on data centers in northern europe . 
  i recall facebook 's data center in lule\u00e5 just finished and is just about to go online , if it has n't already . 
  in swedish it 's georgien . 
  [ not all the press is ignoring him ] ( http://bloggar.expressen.se/opinionsbloggen/2013/04/reinfeldt-bor-svara-pa-samma-fragor-som-lofven/ ) , but it 's sad to see that only expressen ( of all damn newspapers , it 's a tabloid ) are being critical . 
  then the colonists turned into jerks and decided to start this u.s. . good riddance !, 
  30mbps ? 
  over here the goal is 100mbps to 90 % of the population by 2020 . 
  90 % also seems like a vastly more realistic goal than simply * everyone * . 
  wait , what ? 
  what have i missed now ? 
  it 's not , really , as above 50 % is very rare . 
  that 's mostly in southern-most sweden , in malm\u00f6 . 
  in the most dark-colored area i think it 's actually non-immigrants killing non-immigrants . 
   well , by that definition , nobody lacks money , because everyone is living on the same amount . 
  all students , yes . 
  but not everyone is a student , now are they ? 
  `` no lack of money '' is * not * the same thing as `` enough money in the bank to pay an apartment '' . 
  if you think it 's actually common to have that much money , or to have a friend or relative who will lend you that much , that 's pretty damn delusional of you . 
  because they do n't know what it 's like until they 're actually there , by which time they will already have been registered . 
  lots of refugees want to go to sweden , because it 's basically their promised land where they believe they will be given jobs and housing on arrival . 
  they go through central europe , refusing to get registered , until they reach our border , where they get registered . 
  by the time they realize the promises were just lies , it 's too late . 
  they 're now registered . 
  same thing goes for finland . 
  of course they are , but in what country do students have the money to build houses ? 
   so your point about `` no lack of money '' is bullshit . 
  when i said `` no lack of money '' , i clearly meant that relative to him being a student and being able to pay for a normal rent controlled apartment . 
  just about how much money did you have lying around in your mid 20 's ? 
  just checking quickly , the cheapest apartment i could find in this city is 800k sek . 
  of that , you 're pretty much required to pay 10 % upfront . 
  the rest , you need a bank loan . 
  to get a bank loan , you need a steady income , for which student loans does not count . 
  did you have 800k sek to spare at that age ? 
  or should he have saved that much up before going to uni ? 
  guess graduating at 35 is going to be the new normal . . 
  well , after a few shots he could probably pass for a dane , so why not ? 
  a huge reason to why we do n't have to close our roads is because we grew up with the snow . 
  we 're used to having slippery roads a third of the year . 
  here , we even have to take driving lessons to specifically practice driving with bad grip on the road . 
  does n't really work the same way with people from the middle east or africa , whom have never seen snow in their lives and got their driving licenses in what would essentially be perfect driving conditions here . 
  can confirm . 
  student friend is currently technically homeless , because he 's `` only '' been in queue for a year and a half , whereas most apartments require 3 + years in queue . 
  he had a second-hand contract which expired by the end of last semester . 
  now he 's been couchsurfing for a month , while trying to get his hands on pretty much any apartment he can . 
  no lack of money . 
  no bad credit . 
  just no apartments available . 
  finland is n't really a country on the way to some other . 
  going through central europe is preferable to the baltics , so the people at the finnish border are usually people who actually had finland as destination , and thus of course want to get registered . 
  the problem is that we have run out of housing , and now pretty much put them wherever we happen to have space . 
  on occasion , this is far north , in small towns far from any large city . 
  we have had things like [ this ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20150101/refugees-protest-rural-sweden-re-location ) , where the immigrants believed they were promised nice lives in major cities ( many want to stay in places like malm\u00f6 , because they knew people there ) , and end up in the middle of nowhere . 
  that article mentions some old man who insists he ca n't live there , because there 's * ice on the road * . 
  what on earth did he expect in sweden ? 
  indeed . 
  the application process has actually become its own issue . 
  on occasion , it now takes so long to go through the application and appeals , many will have been here for years by the time denial of asylum is finalized . 
  at that point , many will have found a partner , some even have kids . 
  what we get in the end is `` this kid has lived here all her life , now her parents are getting deported '' , and department of migration are looking like evil tyrants . 
  the problem is really just that we now have such close ties with nato ( though exercises and missions ) that we can not credibly claim neutrality , but we also do n't have any formal allies , meaning that if things take a turn for the worse , sweden and finland are at risk of becoming a russian demonstration of power . 
  ah yes , the norwegian solution to hostile neighbors . 
  it 'll only be a few days . 
  then germany will either have to reopen their borders , or they will have thousands of angry refugees trying to force or sneak their way into the country to get what they were promised . 
  you 're welcome to the * real * mainland . 
   pretty sure this is a measure to control the flow , not dump it on austria . 
  and they should 've known this would n't work . 
  there are millions wanting to get into europe . 
  what did they think would happen ? 
  that the refugees would form an orderly line and wait their turn ? 
  a few thousand ? 
  germany alone has promised to take care of half a million per year . 
  it wo n't be a `` a few thousand '' . 
  it will be hundred of thousands . 
  just yesterday 4,000 crossed the border between serbia and hungary . 
  that 's `` a few thousand '' * in a single day *, 
   what does austria do when they arrive - put them on a train to germany ? 
  pretty much . 
  most countries that are actually between the refugees and germany seem to be doing everything they can to distance themselves from germanys pretty insane promises . 
  so , what , his criticism is invalid because russia only annexed * one * region ? 
  to be honest , i ca n't really recall the last time i read anything concerning the asylum situation in finland specifically . 
  our media has a tendency to portray any nation which does less than sweden as a bunch of unhelpful xenophobes . 
  so essentially , they only like ourselves and germany . . 
   would n't be surprising if they did that even as the situation in sweden seems out of control already indeed .
