  i 'm not . 
  that 's exactly what i meant . 
  norway is taking steps to reduce the amount of refugees , while finland is still taking refugees despite not being able to take care of them , similar to sweden . 
  good to see it 's actually being taken seriously . 
  i 'd be happy if any of these things are even mentioned by any major party before the next elections in three years , but i 'm not even sure it will matter at that point . 
  according to a [ swedish article ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/utrikes/maltamotet-afrikaner-talar-om-forgiftad-eu-gava ) , there were two major issues : many have no documents . 
  no passport or other identification which shows where the person is coming from , and they ca n't send such refugees to countries which deny that they are citizens , since obviously you can not demand another country care for a non-citizen if you wo n't either . 
  so why will they not accept their own citizens ? 
  because of issue number two : it 's not very descriptive , so it 's possible i 'm misunderstanding , but it seems many of these countries are relying on the refugees to send money back home , and that this amount is actually greater than the development aid given to africa , so accepting more refugees back would not only mean increased costs , it would also directly reduced income . 
  some experts have been warning about this , but i doubt it will make much of a difference . 
  our only neighbors to the north is norway and finland . 
  the former is n't all that happy to take in refugees now days , and the latter already has a situation similar to our own . 
  all this will do is make it slightly more organized , and we wo n't have people showing up randomly in small towns that are n't equipped to handle refugees . 
  it wo n't have much effect on the total sum of refugees we get . 
  well , he does have a point . 
  if we end up with thousands of homeless ( which is n't as unlikely as you might think ) , it 's not unreasonable that they would commit crimes to stay alive . 
  if your choice was to either risk prison ( * swedish * prison ) by breaking into houses , or have you and your family freeze to death , what would you choose ? 
  except that does n't matter now . 
  we had elections a year ago , and at the rate this is going , the welfare system will have broken down and we 'll be having refugees freezing to death before the next election . 
  our politicians seem to be living in some dreamworld where they expected the rest of the worlds countries to change their minds eventually . 
  they really do n't get that the rest of the world will happily dump as many refugees on the naive countries like sweden as possible . 
  people are thinking the group of refugees who fits your description above ( `` people will work to improve situation ... '' ) as the same group of refugees who seem to expect to be entitled certain things purely by having made it into europe . 
  the former is understandable , the latter is the people who are creating the european discontent . 
   as for your white flight tactic , do n't be a whimp . 
  do you love your country or not ? 
  if you are not willing to fight for it , you do n't deserve it . 
  then feel free to stick around to fight for it . 
  if the people of this country is so set to burn it to the ground , it 's not a people worth fighting for . 
  to be fair , malm\u00f6 and certain parts of g\u00f6teborg and stockholm are pretty much as bad as it gets . 
  except for those , it 's still a very nice country to live in . 
  actual issue is really that the politicians are refusing to accept that an issue exists in the first place , so we already know what the future looks like . 
  ca n't blame you though , i 'm finding myself seriously considering moving to one of the neighboring countries more and more often . 
  too late now . 
  the established parties have been going on for a decade how refugees must be treated like our own citizens , and how anyone asking for help should receive help , and that not doing so would be racist and inhuman . 
  obviously , changing their minds now would put them in a rather awkward position , and they would either be caught as liars who knowingly `` destroyed '' our welfare system to stay in power , or they would essentially be calling themselves racists . 
  it 's simply because very few states want the refugees or consider it their duty to take care of refugees . 
  this especially goes for eastern europe , which is already dealing with poverty . 
  they know that if they do n't force the refugees to register ( as they as supposed to do , according to treaties ) , the refugees will just move on to the richer countries . 
  while not ideal , as some refugees may stay undocumented , it 's certainly preferable ( for them ) over the bad publicity they end up with if they refuse the refugees . 
  did you read my whole post ? 
  i did n't say the guns themselves cause the violence . 
  feel like expanding on that ? 
  availability of guns , maybe ? 
  i do n't really know much about danish border control , but i know our own is complete crap . 
  there was recently an article telling how our border police have orders not to search cars which have more passengers than there are police , which is pretty much any fully occupied car due to budget cuts , and that this is known and abused by smugglers . 
  there have been other articles detailing how easy it is to get weapons from the balkans , and how some even offered `` free grenades when buying automatic weapons '' and such . 
  for the actual cause of the violence , it 's probably drug related . 
  we have * very * strict drug laws , compared to other european countries . 
  stricter laws and harder punishments causes more risk , causing higher prices , causing more profit and more willingness to fight and kill for territory/supply . 
  pretty sure 4chan would laugh at tragedies before they had even happened , if it was physically possible . 
  while nato-member and supposed ally turkey was bombing the kurds . . 
   this thread will get minimal attention as it brings out our own fault in the refugee/migrant crisis . 
  currently the top post in the sub . 
  but lets just give up , right ? 
  always with the defeatist attitude . . 
  just for the sake of argument , i 'm going through this `` proof '' anyway , disregarding the simple examples i gave in the other replies on how it can not be compared . 
  first link says immigrants commit a fifth of the amount of crimes that natives do . 
  in sweden , [ immigrants commit more than twice as many crimes , and more than four times as many violent crimes ] ( http://www.svd.se/brottslighet-bland-invandrare-borde-oroa-alla-partier ) as swedes do . 
  so clearly , this proof is not relevant . 
  next link says immigration raises wages . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://arbetet.se/2014/11/21/migration-sanker-inte-loner/ ) , immigration has no effect on swedish wages . 
  again , `` proof '' which turned out to be irrelevant . 
  then we have a link which claims temporary work visas would benefit the economy . 
  as we are talking about permanent refugees and not temporary workers , these ca n't really be compared . 
  it also makes claims that restricting immigration would cost the us 80 billion dollars . 
  for obvious reasons i 'm not going to watch a 37 minute video , so i have no idea what this proof is and ca n't really counter it . 
  at this point , i give up . 
  clearly , you either did n't even read through the post yourself , assumed i would n't bother reading it , or are actually deluded enough to think the two situations are somehow comparable . 
  if you have any actual , relevant , proof , then feel free to reply , and i will read it . 
  that 's not proof . 
  illegal immigration from latin america into the us is an entirely different scenario . 
  the us does n't have the same welfare system . 
  the us does n't have the same protections of non-citizens as we do . 
  refugees have right to economic help from the state , which often lasts for years . 
  illegal immigrants into the us do not . 
  in sweden , the state has to provide free housing for refugees . 
  i assure you that the us does no such thing . 
  i ca n't even counter this `` proof '' because it 's not even proof at all . 
  you ca n't compare economic immigrants in latin america to war-refugees from the middle east . 
  i am interested . 
  any proof you show , i will read and reply how i view them . 
  if you have any actual proof to show instead of being angry , show them . 
  then show some evidence as to how it 's a strategic investment . 
  if the only reason it 's not evident already is because i 'm `` blind with fear '' , it should be easy to prove , right ? 
  i 'm waiting . . 
  it appears to be really exaggerated in the media . 
  most likely they 're just talking about it because they 're trying to do live coverage , but there 's really very little info . 
  it really is all about that there has been some cafe which is open to the public in the school . 
  and that 's literally all . 
  i can find literally no information about the suspect , other than him being male . 
  maybe we should n't get ahead of ourselves ? 
  according to the linked article , it says `` early information says it 's one teacher and four students injured '' . 
  it does n't tell if this `` early information '' is from police or other , less reliable , sources , however . 
  it does confirm it was done by a masked man with a sword . 
  the minister of immigration and the minister of finance is currently having a press conference . 
  it was announced we 'll need an extra 77 billion sek ( so some 8 billion euro ) in the next 3 years . 
  the solution is , and i wish i was joking , loans . 
  the day has finally come when we 're going into debt so we can take in more immigrants . 
  yeah , i know what you mean . 
  when it comes to skiing , it does n't matter who wins , as long as it 's not a norwegian . .
