  the general way of thought seems to be that if we are just generous enough , it 'll show the rest of europe that it can be done , and they will agree to share the burden . 
  this is so ingrained that nobody dares to speak about what happens if we do agree to take all these refugees , and the rest of the eu stays ( relatively ) closed . 
  how naive do you think the german people are ? 
  germany has been taking in the most amount of refugees in europe for some time now , and merkel has been in power for some 10 years . 
  do you somehow think the german people are too dumb to realize what the government is doing if it 's not printed in a programme ? 
  how is it dumb ? 
  hitler certainly did n't lack support from the german people , and the people were certainly responsible for the outcome . 
  the people knew they were voting for a government that would be very generous towards refugees . 
  how can they then complain when the government does exactly that ? 
   i did n't say i disagree with my government , i 'm saying that people would like to have a say in this . 
  yeah , and you had your say during the elections . 
  that your government is very generous towards refugees is hardly something that just started , and certainly something that was well known during the last elections . 
  ah yes , the `` our democratically elected leaders did it , so it 's not the people 's fault '' argument . 
  old , but still works well !, 
  nope . 
  our own media is completely loving it . 
  they are essentially seeing it as a desperate people 's great escape , who have finally found love and safety , avoiding the oppressive police and border guards on the way . 
  not a single article in mainstream on the issues that will arise . 
  it would n't surprise me if we soon get an announcement from the government that we , too , will accept a large amount of these refugees `` to help germany '' or whatever . 
  it 's not about whether they * want * to contribute ; it 's about whether they can and ultimately will . 
  sweden sure as hell is n't a good example . 
  only those who were below the age of 34 at the time of arrival were [ even close ] ( http://www.scb.se/grupp/artiklar/arbetsmarknad/stor-skillnad-i-forvarvsfrekvens-15-ar-efter-invandringen/forvarvsfrekvens-aren-efter-invandring-1997-bland-de-som-var-20-24-ar-vid-invandringen-samt-forvarvsfrekvens-hos-jamnariga-inrikes-fodda.png ) to the employment rate of those born in sweden . 
  mind you , it still took them 3 years to even get above 50 % employment rate . 
  that is a * massive * drain on our welfare . 
  after 15 years , at the age of 55 + and still a decade from retirement , there 's about a 52 % employment rate . 
  so * please * , explain how this should work . 
  there intentions of working and making something of themselves means absolutely * nothing * if that is n't what actually ends up happening . 
  it 's far from `` a proper education and a simple job '' . 
  we just do n't have enough simple jobs to go around . 
  we 're seriously at the point where there 's few enough uneducated jobs , that the [ state will subsidize 80 % of an immigrants salary ] ( http://www.arbetsformedlingen.se/for-arbetssokande/stod-och-service/fa-extra-stod/ny-i-sverige/instegsjobb.html ) . 
  * that 's * how hard it is to find work for immigrants . 
  hardly the case anymore . 
  we have neither the money , the housing nor the personnel to actually handle and take care of the immigrants anymore . 
  as i recall , it takes up to 18 months to handle an asylum application . 
  instead we put most of them in either very poor areas , or out in the countryside , where there 's neither jobs or services . 
  this is a huge part of the problem . 
  it does n't matter if you 're pro- or anti-immigration anymore . 
  we objectively * can not * take care of them . 
  even if we had the money , it 's apparent we do n't even know * how * . 
  pretty much my entire apartment is filled with ikea furniture . 
  everything is between one and eight years old . 
  not a single thing is broken or defective . 
  so no , i would n't call ikea an abomination either . 
  802.11 is just what 's generally called `` wifi '' . 
  so any smartphone , or pretty much any laptop from the last 15 years, 
  because if it turns out to be anyone else 's , we do n't really care . 
  the scandinavian empire the north will rise again !, 
  oh please . 
  if people were only allowed to discuss subjects they had degrees in , the internet would be very quiet . 
  it 's not just small parties . 
  le pen is doing very well , and even in my own country the populist party ( sd ) is currently the third largest ( out of 9 parties in the parliament ) . 
  it 's rather the way it was done . 
  89 people are suddenly blacklisted , most without any explanation at all . 
  makes it all look like russia was really just lashing out , blacklisting people of power to `` show that they can '' . 
  yeah , me too . 
  poland seem to be the only ones willing to stand up to russia in more than just words . . 
  also because nobody else will fund them . 
  almost no banks will give them loans , an no wealthy people will publicly support them , which is no surprise , since eu seems to insist on pushing us towards capitalism . 
  belgium would never survive the liberty desire of vassals holding the whole of france . 
  finally , someone else !, 
  i kept mixing them up for years . . 
  chocolate and kindness ? 
  ( actually i think he meant the very unregulated banking of switzerland and the oil of norway ), 
  uhuh , those are some great arguments you 've got to prove your point there . 
  but i guess is easier to just accuse the other person of having no idea what they 're talking about than actually say why . . 
  nobody would be able to tell the difference between a real finnish dictionary and one that was completely made up, 
  you do realize the person talking about human rights was being sarcastic , right ? 
  how absurd would n't it be if every country had to pay for everyone who got inside the borders , even if they were rejected asylum ? 
  such a right would effectively nullify borders . . 
  again , i think his english is failing him . 
  i think he mean areas like roseng\u00e5rd . 
  there 's probably more in malm\u00f6 , iirc more than half the city is now of foreign origin , but i 'm not familiar enough with the city to name areas . 
  native english speakers seem to have serious troubles * not * pronouncing \u00e5 like a , and \u00f6 like o. i know americans who have been living in sweden for decades and the way they say is just so off , i die inside a little . . 
  was n't a ton of these `` refugees '' that had already been in russia for years , or did those only go to finland ? 
  just give in , then pick up religious ideas . 
  then use that sweet cb to show those filthy central europeans the true meaning of deus vult !, 
  people have been saying this since the summer , and so far the germans seems to be putting up with it fine . 
  you 're welcome to officially rejoin the empire any time, 
   but seriuosly , anybody believes that crap about how men must fuck or else they 'll be raging ? 
  sexually frustrated men in combination with them being from cultures where women are often viewed as property . 
  no matter how stable , safe and prosperous a country is , there 's always some people who want to see what the rest of the world is like . 
  as others have mentioned , while many emigrate , a large number eventually moves back . 
  [ sigismund iii vasa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sigismund_iii_vasa ) is , to my knowledge , the only one who styled himself king of both sweden and plc , so i would assume it 's his . 
  of course it 's not . 
  since when does ikea sell swords ? 
  in case you forgot to read the article , it was in fact a white ethnic swede who committed the murders . 
  that video may be relevant to many posts about sweden that are posted on this subreddit , but this is not one of them . 
  there 's also the fact that the government finally ended up completely without housing , and some two hundred refugees were hours away from having to sleep outside , in below zero . 
  they only ended up sleeping inside because some volunteer organization managed to find emergency housing . 
  would n't surprise if those news traveled very quickly to other migrants . 
  there was a thread on the frontpage of / r/europe just some 2 days ago detailing the issues the eu has with sending back refugees , in particularly because african states are refusing to take them back . 
   are you implying that throwing out your documents is a get out of jail free card ? 
  in many places it is , because the country of origin does n't want them back . 
  it does n't matter how good your experts are in at determining where someone is from ( by accent or other ways ) if the country just says `` no , he 's not our citizen . '', 
  there 's nowhere to deport them to then . 
  and yet the other reply i got from a norwegian was how it was completely true , and sounded like there would be major changes coming . 
  but sure , i 'm just `` spreading lies '' . 
   this does require my cooperation though . 
  yes , that 's the point . 
  it does n't matter how good your immigration officer can tell where a person is from , if they can just say `` you 're wrong '' when they get to the border .
