wow !, 
  steady thy breasts britannia . 
  they print some pretty trashy and sometimes downright shameful stuff . 
  they are obsessed with the royals , fashion , sensationalism , general non-sense , berating people and brexit . 
  piers morgan writes for the daily mail i think . 
  make of that what you will . 
  ok , well good luck i guess . 
  you sound like you 'd fit right in if you stayed here to be honest . 
  that 's an over simplification , the only direct collective input most people had was ` join ' or ` dont ' , ` stay ` or ` leave ' . 
  i have never been asked ` do you think , or should we give the eu the middle finger ' , and just because some trashy news paper like the mail or the sun spouts utter crap like that , do n't let it get to you . 
  it 's hard to find news paper in the uk that still retains some of its traditional pragmatism and respectability . 
  i try read the times , the guardian , bbc news and occasionally the mail online and i find eventually i generally get a view of the news from many points of view to balance it all out . 
  but i say again , the mail is generally trash , the eu is a force for good , the english and welsh do n't want to be a part of the eu for various complex reasons ( although our youth does , watch that space ) and if our position at the end of all this is n't one where we support each others economies and democracies as good respected friends , who would defend each other regardless of sharing a political union , then i will be truly saddened for us all . 
  haha , literally xd, 
  i think to say we rage quit is an over simplification . 
  possibly one of the most complex questions the public could have ever been asked was done so with only two possible answers to choose from - stay , or leave . 
  worse still , they became ` proxy ' answers , people treated them as meaning ` keep immigration the same ' vs ` reduce immgration ' or ` we 're fine with everything ' vs ` something has to change ' , ` the economy is the priority ' vs ` we need to be more independent ' or my personal favourite , ` the government is doing ok ' vs ` the government is shit and i want to kick them in the face ' . 
  when you smash something across the head with a blunt instrument like a two answer referendum , there 's gon na be a mess , and that 's exactly whast happened here . 
  oh and the immigration thing you mentioned , tony blair is much disliked for his decision not to put sensible limits on migration from new member states , believe me . 
  along with that and iraq , he has become utterly toxic here , an anti-cause who 's support for something literally damages its credibility . 
  to understand why england ( important to disguish that it 's not the whole uk ) is so seemingly concerned with migration is a really complex topic that i 'm not even gon na attempt to break into here thats for sure , but i would dare suggest the issue is a lot more complex than the usual ` pressure on the locals jobs ' arguement . 
  the speed and scale of migration , and the decline of local english ( not british ) culture , are probably the key issues really , i 'll go as far as saying that . 
  actually churchhill declined to send proper british representation at the beginning of the process of forming the steel and coal community because he did n't think britain should join even though he was a big supporter of it . 
  many of the founding countries did n't think the project would succeed to get off the ground because of that fact , but fortunately it did . 
  churchill 's view was the europe needed to be united top stop its composite nations from destroying themselves , but he did n't feel british membership was right or necessary . 
  not sure if his view would have changed today . 
  source was a very good bbc documentary by nick robinson around the time we had the referendum , ca n't recall the name but it was a multi part series i think . 
  worth a watch actually as it gives you an insight in to the history of the eu from our side , you can find it on bbc iplayer if you use a uk proxy . 
  lets hope they see sense . 
  that sounds like a potential solution to me , at least in the short term . 
   england triggered, 
  ^ agree . 
  it feels like they 've just been sidelined and neglected even after the peace process . 
  i hope the money is put to good use . 
  i 'm not mad that northern ireland is getting extra money . 
  they probably need it as much , if not more than anyone . 
  they 've had the shit end of a stick for a long time from what i gather . 
  will that still be the case after brexit ? 
  regression r\u026a\u02c8\u0261r\u025b\u0283 ( \u0259 ) n / noun 1 . a return to a former or less developed state . 
  `` turkey will stop teaching evolution , regresses further towards a more religious fundamentalist state '' `` sharia law will be taught in turkeys school , curriculum regresses over 90 years in a few days '' edit : fixed typos, 
  how about setting up a joint court that includes divisions of the uk and eu judiciary on matters affecting citizenship and rights ? 
  or ennshrine whatever protections promised by the uk and eu for citizens and rights in such a way that it is applicable to international law , and courts ? 
  mmm i fucking love chocolate bread . 
  our news outlets make the eu seem like it 's in a perpetual state of dissary and near collapse , hence we must escape apparently . 
  looks like he got a tv interview out of that one, 
  to slow the trucks down , or force them to stop , so the migrants can try to acress the trailer to stow away . 
  search youtube for a few obvious terms . 
  many drivers record what they see and have uploaded their footage to trucker channels etc. 
  yeah but that 's not what i proposed . 
  i said if we stay * now that we are leaving * we should have to commit . 
  we are n't , so we wo n't , so no worries . 
  but just while we are here , i 'll update one of those options :  leave , devalue the pound to euro parity levels , lose international standing and influence , years of political turmoil , rising inflation tbh is n't not like we did n't vote for that anyway . 
  we knew there would be ` short term instability while the economy politics and society rebalances itself ' . 
  whatever the outcome is , good , bad or neither i 'm sure we 'll reap it . 
  that 's one of the reasons new labour support bled away . 
  many people know about blair not implementing the 7 year migration restriction for new members rule that would have brought us in line with other western eu nations , but blair was probably over compensating for past british euroskeptisism imo . 
  my town was labour since before i was born until 2010 when it became conservative , who subsequently closed all children centres , even though our mp was an aid/secratry of children and family matters . 
  seems we just get screwed either way . 
  probably not very well . 
  i guess that 's the point of negotiating though . 
  the eu and the uk could adapt it . 
  i dunno though . 
  well start finding out over the next few weeks . 
  apparently i have to consider the psychology of the entire nation to be able to have or express a personal hope or desire . 
  maybe i should have included a brexit disclaimer : ` do n't worry , i 'm aware this wo n't happen even if i hope it will , please do n't refer to me as out of touch ' . 
  i actually expressed two desirable out comes from my own perspective , if you 'd like to consider the second one , you 've just picked on the one that ragged on you it seems ? 
  yeah that was the reasoning behind that conclusion tbh . 
  commit , or sort out a workable trade deal/relationship so everyone can move on with their lives . 
  maybe . 
  that 's why ive got two points of view on it . 
  the latter point about the canada style trade deal is probably the more realistic . 
  i dream idealistic dreams , but i 'm a realist . 
  depends where you live really . 
  if you live in knutsford for example youve barely feel the effects of migration except all the positive it has on the economy . 
  if you live in a town like mine though , that plays host to many great , but many numerous polish , slovakian and romanian migrants you start to feel the negatives of such an en mass style of concentrated migration in such a poor area . 
  social tensions begin to surface ( i had no idea the poles and slovakians had such a bad relationship ) , housing problems ( first time buyer houses being bought up and converted in to 6 bedroom house shares ) , school place shortages , gps over subscribed , and so on . 
  if you really want to understand what some of these anti-migrant brexiteers are struggling to put words , just go visit where they live . 
  you can do migration great , like in london , or maybe manchester , and you can do not so great like in crewe ( aka creweski ) or shirebrook , being a similar example but on a much bigger scale . 
  the only way people who voted leave around here thought theycould have any impact on this ` over-migration ' was to leave the eu , regardless of whether that 's right or not . 
  labour and the tories did nothing but watch , so they thought they 'd have a pop at leaving the eu instead . 
  ca n't ignore that . 
  hope this does n't get me roasted . 
  just trying to give a balanced view from ground zero so to speak . 
  if we stay , i want us to commit . 
  no more pussy footing , let 's adopt the euro and get properly invovled in helping the eu be a force for good for its citizens . 
  if not , then maybe a canada style trade deal with the aim to restore our relationship over time to that of partners who work together for the same common goals even if we do n't do it in the same union . 
  the first bullet of the article says ` could be ' , yet title says ` to be ' . 
  also , nigel , just no . 
  go away please . 
  thanks . 
  my bro is doing it . 
  on top of the # 9,250 + a year it costs in tuition fees , he also has to take an additional # 8,000 + per year maintenance loan to cover the cost of living whilst he studies . 
  he 's also working as a care assistant at a home for people with dementia for 24hrs a week , two 12hr shifts , both night shifts . 
  do n't know how he manages to be honest . 
  he 's pretty determined . 
  disgusts me that the government got rid of the nursing bursary . 
  fair enough , there 's no much i can say in reply other than to continue to express my regret for the situation . 
  i 'm on a phone so i ca n't reply in great length . 
  ca n't disagree with the military block , clearly the uk trying to defend it 's nato interests where it has more influence than it ever would have over an eu defence force ( ironically , we might now have to give that up too ) . 
  i doubt we will tempt fate again given our current perilous political circumstance .
