  i still think the budget block was just procedural . 
  i 'm not even sure we had a government at the time as it desolved for the period of the election ? 
  the civil service who are supposed to be impartial should of handled it under purdah rules , and they must have deemed it contravenious . 
  i ca n't fact check this right now as again on phone so i 'm happy to be corrected . 
  re orban . 
  still ca n't agree with him spending the funds that way just because he really does n't like something . 
  i thought it was for building schools and hospitals and infrastructure , not wasting it on an anti-eu policy campaign , or worse yet , building isolated single gauge railways and football stadiums in his home town . 
  i 'm sorry you view is as being worse than hungary . 
  we 've contributed for 40 years and i 'm sure there are some good examples of where weve helped architect some great things about the eu which we will sadly leave behind . 
  edit , : a word edit2 : another word . 
  note to self . 
  do n't reddit on phone, 
  i mean you make us out to be worse than hungary , who are casually disregarding schengan , building up underhanded relations with russia , and * spending the funding the eu gives it on waging a campaign against the eu * . 
  yeah we are leaving , but we have n't said anything about not doing it within the rules or the time frame that article 50 stipulates , to my knowledge extending that period that is n't our suggestion . 
  the only veto i can recall was because we 'd entered an election campaign which means any sensitive political legislation is automatically blocked for that period - it was a formality , a clash of timing . 
  if anything , i 'll let you call us a liability , because the we are . 
  our political situation is very complex and unstable , it will require more than a fair share of tolerance unless people purposely want the situation to spiral out of control , which if people do then , i guess whatever floats their boat . 
  but if you want to talk about genuine * sabatours * , you 're looking at the wrong end of the block . 
  it would only be a loss if the uks attitude remains unchanged should we be allowed to stay , which i do n't think will be the case . 
  i think there will be humility , and a desire to put our past misjudgements right , to try to regain at least some respect within the union . 
  i think we will be a more willing member , and although we have the hardest of eurosceptics , they are peaking , it 's down hill for them from here . 
  that 's my hope anyway . 
  corbyn is an old fashioned leftist . 
  he wants to nationalise the railways and energy grids , which he would otherwise be prevented from doing if we remained in the eu . 
  at this rate , if # 1 = 1 $ by the time this gets the the point where we brits say ` actually we fucked up , can we stay ? 
  ' , what 's to stop the eu from asking the uk to commit to the euro in x years time in order to cancel article 50 ? 
  there 's probably a whole host of economic reasons but i 'm just putting the thought out there . 
  edit : a word, 
  i laughed so hard at this . 
  it 's so beautiful, 
  better : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpcolhs2h3q someone please stick the uk flag on the car and replace the clowns heads with politicians please . 
  i 'm not sure if this can be seen outside of the uk , but the bbc have a reasonable article on it . 
  we 've not had many hung parliaments so the process is n't exactly well refined . 
  [ bbc : a q&a guide to what happens if no-one wins election ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-2017-40209087 ) edit : obviously we are assuming the exit polls are correct ( and they are usually very good ) , but things could still change as the votes are fully counted . 
  wow . 
  nice . 
  yeah , i share your skeptisism to honest . 
  yeah , labour , conservatives , libdems and ukip are on the ballot . 
  no others this time around , not even monster raving loony party , and they always usually field a candidate where i am . 
  my town is a dead 50/50 split between lab ( because we are poor with a high levels of depravation ) and cons ( because of immigration stance , we 've had more than 15 polski skleps open up in 12 years and we are becoming a favourite place to settle refugees and non-eu migrants it seems ) . 
  libdems do n't get so much as a look in here , probably the worst performing party in our area especially now our university campus is closing . 
  ukip are now irrelevant and from what i can tell , the cons are stealing most of their votes , because their voters only cared about migration , which is an issue the cons now own i do n't have much hope for where i live . 
  bit of a mess to be honest . 
  edit : a word, 
  yeah that 's true i guess when you put it that way . 
  not sure i 'd turn down a pay rise at work if an independent committee for scrutining my pay said one was justified . 
  but i do see where you are coming from . 
  my mp does not seem interested in my local area , he got his seat purely because of the party he stands for and their stance on things at a national level . 
  i personally do not believe he should get a rise of any kind , ever . 
  i think so to be honest . 
  i 've looked at the options that will be available on my ballet paper this election and i just get this overwhelming feeling of dismay ( no pun intended ) . 
  it 's gon na be a rough decade i think . 
  they do n't get to decide their wage here . 
  an independent commission does , and the commission has been slated by politicians and non politicians a like on the most recent occasions they 've recommended raises for politicians . 
  you misunderstand . 
  i was simply stating a fact , that without an example , you are presuming . 
  sorry you do n't like that . 
  but hey , if you 'd like , i can send you some photos and videos of us brits celebrating and dancing in the street , everytime eu member states are disruptive and uncooperative . 
  because that * really happens * you know . 
  how presumptuous . 
  do n't worry kids , you 'll be 20 in no time . 
  25 is the new 18 anyway . 
  and diane abbott would be our home secretary . 
  * insert mother of god meme here * edit : auto correct did not auto correct, 
  the irony here is that she seems like a british eurofederalist who was fully committed to a career in a eu institution . 
  and now i 'm seeing some continental feds saying ` lol silly , that nation you were born into is leaving , you are losing your rights now . 
  see that bus ? 
  you are under it now . 
  should be reserved for medical grounds to be honest . 
  i mean in tail-docking a dog ( which was very popular in the past for certain breeds of dogs like rottweilers ) is illegal in the uk , and is now classed as animal cruelty under the animal welfare act 2006 . 
  but * circumcision * is perfectly fine apparently . 
  aw , thanks . 
  a toast to the french , you magnificent bastards . 
  love this guy . 
  have my entire 1 up vote . 
  good . 
  i 'd be interested to see if house prices in the poorest parts of the uk remained stable , but outrageous areas like london and the south east dropped . 
  it really is insane down there . 
  half a million for a 3 bed semi with a drive and a garden ? 
  could i have a politician pie please ? 
  i 'll settle for obnoxious journalist if you have n't got any politician . 
  many thanks . 
  one for you to have a read through . 
  note the date , before brexit . 
  this has actually surprised me . 
  i thought for would win easily but this is actually super close like brexit was . 
   to make things more clear , the uk betrayed the eu , we do n't want you back well , we 're not asking to be taken back . 
  maybe you ought to be directing this at the pro-eu german mp who 's suggesting it , and not the uk . 
  thanks . 
  yep , still propagated over here too , usually through silly jokes and stereotyping but it 's mainly the middle aged upwards that do that . 
  yes i know . 
  my flare is ` england ' and i thought that would be enough context . 
  frenemies for life . 
  i 'm 18 % scandinavian thanks to those pesky vikings . 
  can i have some sort of honourary or associative membership ? 
  lol , with some double barrelled casual racism . 
  sound like a hall of a show . 
  but not only that . 
  oh wait we already had that . 
  shit .
