i did n't once mention a geographic location or christians leaving the middle east . 
  i 'm talking about the problem of islam for non-muslims , personified in sharia law . 
  if you cant get this it 's on you . 
  do n't try to hide behind unrelated statistics , we 're not sitting in the schoolyard playing * `` who has isis killed more of ? 
  '' * we 're discussing the issue that the sharia law - based almost exclusively off their teachings from the quran - that * they * practice and that * other * muslim states practice and that muslim pressure groups in * my * country and other western country want enshrined as national law is inherently incompatible with non-muslims . 
  do n't try and deflect from the difficult question just because it challenges what you think . 
  it 's not equally problematic to other muslims . 
  other muslims are protected under the law . 
  former muslims are killed , and non-muslims can be treated as slaves and chattel just like , hey-hey , daesh is doing right now . 
  fascism is authoritarian nationalism . 
  i 've no idea what you 're looking for here , if you want to equate these two distinct things despite evidence to the contrary then go ahead . 
  you mean the same isis that practices sharia law that allows them to buy and sell people , marry children to disgusting old men without reprisal and murder apostates * does n't * support the idea that islam is inherently problematic to non-muslims ? 
  more of this , less of off-handed contrarianism ad-hoc absolving banks of the debt they still owe people and nobody seems interested in paying . 
  how did you get time off from editing the daily mail to post here ? 
   the eu and nato control the applications , sure . 
  but applications have certain clauses such as no disputed territory , which keeps them out of these groups . 
  which can be changed as the bodies see fit , as happens for every nato entrant . 
  the eu will be stricter , as we should be , but even if we never allowed ukraine in moscow have still lost all 44 million of them for decades and there 's no walking that back . 
   crimea ? 
  sure , that 's an open invasion by unmarked men which gives russia ( to many institutions and international leaders at the time ) plausible deniability . 
  disregarding the fact that [ putin has admitted he lied about crimea and that those were , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8amsrx2jjy ) of course , [ his troops from the start  ( http://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/putin-admits-crimea-troops-were-his-calls-east-ukraine-new-russia/ ) if you think anyone bought his narrative from the start ... well , good luck with yourself . 
   that 's because the west is a group of developed nations . 
  the brics nations are considered developing , which is a reason why there may be more instability than developed economies and countries . 
  brics are n't close to a coherent or meaningful body . 
  hell , [ just today russia admitted their vital plans for supplying gas to china may never come to pass ] ( http://oilprice.com/latest-energy-news/world-news/russia-china-gas-relationship-on-the-rocks.html ) , putting them in a typically desperate situation . 
  you might as well be talking about the visegrad group . 
  it 's simply a non-entity . 
   overnight collapse of the economy ? 
  maybe . 
  collapse of russia as a sovereign nation ? 
  russians are used to economic collapses , and hardship . 
  they are willing to live at a low living standard in order to keep russia together . 
  if you 've found you can survive off of nationalism , good for you . 
  spread the recipe around some time . 
   oh , the feeling 's mutual . 
  no , i rather imagine this is what your standard mo is . 
  what 's the outlook like for young , educated bulgarians seeking work abroad ? 
  i do n't often hear about bulgarians elsewhere in the eu . 
  well the romans did n't see it that way but i 'm not going to argue over that . 
  well , [ here 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_development_index ) a [ couple ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_perceptions_index ) of [ useful statistics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index ) to inform you then . 
   depends which way you look at it . 
  russia has control of ukraine 's , now very low , chances of nato and eu membership . 
  nato and the eu have control of that . 
  russia 's ties with ukraine have been damaged irrevocably now and wo n't be normalized for decades . 
  it 's hard to think of how more poorly moscow could have mishandled this short of committing another holodomor or outright invasion . 
   russia has no need to openly invade ukraine , as the separatists along with some russian troops are doing a fine job by themselves . 
  exclusion from swift , economically isolating from the west ? 
  yup . 
  risking a competitor made by china , russia and co also yes . 
  it would be a huge blow to the russian economy , sure , but it 's at a huge risk , and not `` rufed-destroying '' . 
  it 's already openly invaded it . 
  moreso , the affluent , stable economies of the west have other trade partners that rusisa simply does n't have , the idea that excluding russia from swift would result in anything other than an overnight collapse of the rufed is somewhere between ignorant silly . 
  you 're obviously coming into this discussion with an agenda to argue for , so i 'm not really feeling i 'm getting much from indulging you by talking . 
  i 'm not opening a youtube link in the office so you 'll have to break that down for me if you want a comment . 
  i do n't value your opinion at all , i 'm not going to do your homework for you . 
  you failed in making a compelling argument , try harder next time . 
  pasting your spin and opinion as facts is myopic . 
  russia has lost control of ukraine . 
  it stupid panicked and invaded crimea to protect it 's military staging point in sevastopol , and it 's mounting an invasion in donbas to desperately try and claw-back the east with it 's high concentration of soviet-era manufactories . 
  ukraine wo n't ever forget this and they 'll certainly never forgive it as long as the people murdering them blame them for the conflict and call them nazis . 
  it does n't have the power to do anymore than this . 
  any over military intervention at this point will rouse the ire of the international community which could potentially result in a rufed-destroying swift exclusion or energy market sanction before anyone even begins to bridge the topic of western intervention . 
  i think it 's fair to say there 's a large amount of hero-worship going on for stalin from putin . 
  i 'm sure he 'd like to think of them as equals but that he 's burdened by modern times and restrictions so he ca n't accomplish what joey-joe-joe did , or be held to the same historical standard . 
   french economy minister emmanuel macron , hosting british finance minister george osborne , said a `` fair set of rules '' were needed to protect the interests of those outside the euro . 
   `` we need a fair treatment of the ` out ' countries , '' macron told a joint news conference with osborne after the two visited a so-called `` incubator '' of french high-tech start-ups in paris ' trendy marais district . 
   `` it is the right moment to reform a lot of things , '' he said , adding that he believed that agreement between britain and its eu partners in this area was possible . 
   osborne said some of the proposals for eurozone reform took it in an `` interesting direction '' but added , `` if we are going to see the eurozone integrating further , then we have also got to make sure that the interests of those who are not in the eurozone such as the uk are properly protected . '', 
  it 's nothing major , but it 's nice to see the rosbifs getting along with everyone for a change . 
  you mean like first-person testimony on top of something that was widely-covered by a huge variety of media years ago ? 
  that 's because we practice separation of church and state , while sharia is explicitly theocratic law . 
  and , like / u/sob3k said , the nt did n't paint jesus as a warlord who married children and crushed the cities of his enemies as the quran did for mohammed . 
  when i was in the states i 'd see stuff like adverts for the us navy narrated by keith david with the tagline * `` the us navy : a global force ... for good . 
  '' * now i think that 's been replaced , and while americans are certainly more self-reflective and happy to question their own military , government and what have you , they are absolutely also a very nationalistic and pro-military country . 
  i 'm not painting that as a bad thing , i 'm just calling a spade a spade . 
  if you want to see something you 'll see it , i 'm not sure why you 'd try and engage with anyone if you 've already made your mind up . 
  nope . 
  the ukrainian people see a massive , ongoing invasion against them by their supposed ally , outright annexation of their territory by their supposed ally , a complex and sustained propaganda program painting them as nazis by their supposed ally , the deaths and displacement of their citizens and the destruction of their homes , infrastructure and economy by their supposed ally , and a desperate attempt at political isolation that is damaging that supposed ally abroad . 
  this will be russia 's vietnam ; it will colour their diplomatic relations and culture for decades , and set the international and regional political stage for a long time to come . 
  russia simply does n't have the ability to prevent anymore actions like ukraine , formerly it 's closest and surest ally , turning towards the west . 
  it 's doubly embarrassing because moscow is the one framing this as an us-or-them competition that it ca n't hope to compete on , and yet despite resorting to armed invasion it still ca n't hold it 's former satellites in check . 
  does n't the quran actively teach the slaughter of apostates and the murder of non-believers ? 
  actually , here 's a more pertinent question : does n't sharia law teach this ? 
  the same law that governs several islamic states and which pressure groups in western nations like the uk and germany have demanded been brought into national law ? 
  not by much , but i have n't seen you guys invade canada recently . 
  this is just my opinion , but i 'll take / u/algamaty 's well-spoken , actual-libyan opinion over this frothing political crazy person . 
  yes that bullshit humanitarian intervention mandated by the un , damn it to hell . 
  i mean , here 's an unpopular opinion : at what point does the left begin to admit that islam as it exists is inherently problematic for non-islamic citizens or neighbours ? 
  russia is worse in literally every metric . 
  hdi , press freedom , civil rights abuses , judicial transparency , governmental accountability , and the simple fact that the same oligarchs that ran the ussr and prevent russia from transitioning to capitalism are still there , still in charge and still uninterested in letting anything change . 
  and instead of being run by a civil rights lawyer they 're run by a kgb colonel . 
   clearly that has not happened yet , as ukraine has little chance of entering into nato or the eu , which russia is controlling this by funding and supporting a war in ukraine . 
  i 'm sorry to break it to you , but ukraine has absolutely left the russian `` sphere of influence '' and it 's likely going to be decades before even diplomatic and economic ties can be normalized again . 
  armed invasion , propaganda war and murder of their citizens is something that casts a long , long shadow . 
  and you made * that * up , shockingly . 
  you are aware that people can tell whether i 've edited a post or not because there 's an asterisk ( * ) beside it , complete with the last time i edited it , right ? 
  so they 'll see that i edited * one * post ; my initial response , and that was to respond to the stuff you added in when * you * edited your post . 
  and , again , you just made that up . 
   those are from eastern ukraine not crimea , and there is nothing about them being shipped without their consent or knowledge . 
  there 's repeated articles on that list detailing how the refugees were told they were being removed along the coast of the black sea only to be dumped in siberia .
