  this is no sign of extremism in my opinion . 
  :d but 4 years in a prison , side by side with criminals , especially if there were some extremists and preachers , can change a person fundamentally . 
  so you do only count foreign fighters ? 
  sounds like the usual story . 
  dude gets arrested . 
  dude gets brainwashed by other inmates . 
  dude becomes radicalized . 
  shortly before deportion he explodes, 
  i think i understand the arabian spring and the chain reaction it created . 
  i also do n't want to say that that the us-wars are responsible for syrian refugees coming to germany . 
  what i say is that this wars are responsible for the sheer growth in size of terror groups in iraq and surrounding countries and the danger of terror attacks we have to face in our daily life . 
  what trump followers seem to imply in these days is that its our own fault that we bring terror to europe by helping those refugees while the truth is that the ones who created those terrorists should be held responsible . 
  and that is mostly the party that they voted for . 
  i do n't say we should n't fight terror . 
  all i 'm saying is that many right wingers make the impression these days that we are responsible for the terror in the whole western world by helping some refugees and risking trojan horses slipping in . 
  while the truth is that the war initiated by themselves created this terrorists . 
  they put us in this situation . 
   we 're not that far off . 
  you 're really about domination , are n't your ? 
  you 're intent on fucking over even the ones who help you have a strong economy . 
  soo ... i 'm germany ? 
  not too shabby . 
  :d  you 're a traitor to your fellow countrymen for belittling their death . 
  i think i 'm too drunk at the moment to get your conclusion . 
  for some reason i still do n't understand why someone gave me a 50 $ bottle of scotch . 
  so i have to destroy it now . 
  :p and does n't that also make you a traitor ? 
  :d btw : i just tried to make it clear to you , that refugees are not the reason for terror . 
  some people constantly seem to forget that . 
  maybe we should fight the reasons instead of the symptoms by cutting ourself off from the world . 
  i think a good way would be to create a good relation to muslims all over the world . 
   enjoy your splattered skulls , your 80b $ yearly bill and the slow death of your culture . 
  enjoy your even bigger pile of skulls - especially the ones you ca n't blame on germany 's refugee policy . 
  maybe you came to the conclusion that helping refugees did n't create any of those problems . 
  your culture seems to be long gone anyway , if i trust your words . 
  so no need to talk about that . 
  and your financial situation is n't worth noting anyway . 
  that is right . 
  but if you kill ten , when hunting one , you create 100 new potential terrorists . 
  it 's war , and i do n't blame anyone for hitting the wrong target . 
  i also do n't say it was wrong to fight saddam and terrorism . 
  all good intentions . 
  i still remember the twin towers and i thought germany should help the usa . 
  i do n't think you 've started this . 
  and your words are true when applied to those 9/11 terrorists . 
  but 13 years later we do n't have a small hidden terror group called al qaeda anymore . 
  we have tenth of thousands terrorists spread all over the region . 
  and the reason for this are not crazy believes . 
  the reason is that you fight people with crazy believes and wonder why they do n't react rational . 
  to say it with the right wing god father trumps words : you are wrong !, 
   it is even worse than hearing what you want to hear . 
  you are actually transforming what she said so that you can hear it . 
  do you have some sort of a mother-sexual-crush-fetish-complex on mutti ? 
  because that would make for a valid explanation . 
  transforming ? 
  i 'm just saying that he talks like every politician , using many words to actually say nothing . 
  i do n't want to hear anything from her . 
  i just told you how i categorized this article . 
  not too hard to understand . 
   haha !, 
  i wrote my mutti-chan words before reading your `` cuddling '' word . 
  i knew it . 
   well , your economic success is vastly based upon having access to the european market . 
  and it comes with obligations not to fuck over your partners . 
  legal obligations , as well as strategic obligations , as well as behavioral obligations . 
  such as not scaring other countries ( like the uk , who mostly left because ... immigration ) . 
  so you are afraid of refugees ? 
  sorry , but no , you are n't . 
  i bet you do n't know even a single one . 
  so how could you be afraid ? 
  seems more like you are in a state of irrational fear trying to bash anything fitting into your image of the enemy . 
  pretty normal for seemingly helpless people and the main reason for any kind of racism . 
  releasing an crazy animal you created from its shackles does not change the fact that you are still responsible for creating it . 
  also : do you really think iraq was a peaceful place before 2011 . 
  the only thing that kept it stable where 7 years of constant fighting against terrorist groups without achieving anything beside creating one of the most dangerous countries in the world . 
  nothing to do with syrian refugees though . 
  before the crisis it was even easier to come to germany . 
  and he came in the beginning of 2015 . 
  the refugee crisis started in september . 
  no , not really . 
  i was just being random . 
  :p he seems to be a rather rational person , though . 
  it 's not his fault most people can not handle rationality these days . 
   answer me : were you aware that she said that , or are you learning it now ? 
  you might want to read a wider set of news more often . 
  a frenchman is correcting the information you have on your own leader . 
  i think i were aware at some time but i moved this speech into `` i need to please the moderate-right wingers by telling them what they want to hear '' section . 
  in fact she admitted nothing . 
  :d  damn well right . 
  find a middle ground asap , it is hugely stressful to see you guys being instable . 
  maybe then you should accept the situation and live with a germany that just wants economic success and to feel morally superior to be happy . 
  what is so wrong about refugee cuddling ? 
  at least you are still saying `` we '' do n't be shy and accept it !, 
  you want to be a part of it !, 
  :p * we are the world *, 
  oh , i was n't questioning all of this . 
  it just creates a rather pessimistic view on the future of europe . 
  and all of that because we are just unable to overcome our national interests to achieve something bigger . 
   oh , stop it with the blind rationalization . 
  you are willfully ignorant .
