  i also wonder why there are n't any submarines and frigates mentioned . 
  i think amsterdam would 've been better . 
  mj tends to turn even the most aggressive shark-capitalist into a peaceful sloth . 
  maybe they would do a bit less damage in that way . 
  yeah , we germans starve for every bit of love we can get , is n't it ? 
  its feels like fresh water after wandering through desert for many years . 
   majority of the border with russia is either a river or a lake so it makes illegal crossing harder and surveillance easier . 
  1 person every 50 meters would definitely help but i think current threat is not that high to do that . 
  not so sure on that . 
  we 're dealing with the military here . 
  you can not rely on natural obstacles when dealing with navy divers and spetsnaz . 
  they only need 3-4 of them as agent provocateur . 
  btw . 
  do you happen to know what troop-types the bundeswehr actually sent exactly ? 
  would be nice to know what kind of threat they actually expect . 
  i ca n't really find relevant information . 
  it 's a bit blurry . 
   i do n't think artillery and missile barrages from russia can be deniable . 
  but they are obviously . 
  usa even brought satellite imagery . 
  nonetheless they denied everything . 
  it 's not like anyone is believing them . 
  but since ukraine is no nato country , nobody wants to escalate this . 
   russia will invade estonia with overwhelming force , digs in and then asks the west if they really want to die for tallinn . 
  that of course is at the same time they mount a huge propaganda operation . 
  i think we 're too accustomed to fake news like that since brexit and trump . 
  they can tell their own people whatever they want . 
  but they need to convince our people that we 're doing something wrong . 
  nice . 
  now , lets double everything !, 
   i am not really worried about that . 
  if it is just agitators and lightly armed `` green men '' then we can handle it . 
  but this is what cause unrest in ukraine . 
  and seeming they can not be handled . 
  because they are not only not light armed but have very effective anti vehicle weapons and - deniable - artillery and missile support from russia . 
   what worries me is the surprise strike with massive force . 
  i do n't think this is possible in any way . 
  i get that you guys are afraid . 
  but this would be suicide for everyone of us , including russia . 
  but if that happens , i do n't think we 'd hesitate to mobilize every single piece of weapon we have . 
  after all we - even if we do n't like war and military - i firmly believe we still believe in keeping our word . 
   if you go into countries that are further away and that have no obvious connection to germany ( at least in the public eye ) you need to explain to people why exactly we are sending on troops there and what good will it do for us or our `` friends '' . 
  you are right . 
  i guess that 's what we call propaganda . 
  from a objective point of view we 'd need that , too . 
  it 's not nice . 
  but if you look in the usa you see that this is the reason why it works there . 
   we are already building the wall . 
  yes , but i think there should be even more of everything . 
  in this case , if the border is protected with a person every 50meter ( figuratively - that 's the number i remember from the cold war border controls ) , 100 % coverage with person-radar , drone surveillance and all the modern stuff , we 'd be doing it right . 
   at the very least it would require high resolution photos of every eu citizen , and besides that there are legit non-eu tourists . 
  even if its only a database of known agents/protesters from ukraine , known russian military and all sorts of intelligence personnel it would help . 
  in ukraine many of them were identified as russian military personnel just by checking the press coverage . 
  we should be able to do much better then that . 
   i fail to see what good came out of it . 
  i have the same feeling . 
  but i do n't think this aspect is relevant . 
  the thing our allies are complaining about is : even if we agree to help in a mission , all we always do is some half assed stuff like patrol duty or surveillance . 
  and later we complain about the civilians killed by the us and how they failed to make the country a better place . 
  i can understand very well that this is extremely frustrating from an us point of view . 
  because complaining is easy . 
  actual change is much harder . 
  and if you do n't fight , your hands get never dirty . 
  just look at syria . 
  in my opinion we should have 4-5 ac 130 pendants always ready in the syrian airspace and help anti-isis-forces whenever the shit is getting hot for them with some super-precise but also extremely devastating anti infantry air-strikes . 
  i think we 'd need three things to prevent this : 1 . 
  very , very well guarded borders , including a strong anti-smuggling force to prevent weapons from being sneaked into the country . 
  2 . a strong police anti riot force to keep the crowds under control , search surroundings buildings for weapon-stashes , the roofs for snipers and to setup checkpoints to search for guns . 
  we should be ready to help out quickly with a few police - `` hundertschaften '' and maybe even gsg9 . 
  3 . a shitload of intelligence personnel , supplied with facial recognition software to sort out any non-citizen of eu for intensive search and to collect biometric data . 
  it would also help to identify known russian spies . 
  with offensive roles i mean countries like afghanistan and mali . 
  what we do there is patrolling around towns , talking to people , looking for ways to improve the situation . 
  all nice and good . 
  we also defended us when under attack . 
  but reality is that we only do this job in the peaceful parts of the country . 
  and even in this peaceful parts we avoid conflict . 
  we patrol around a few times a day , but never actively search and hunt down terrorists , their supply routes and their hideouts . 
  we do n't even protect the villagers . 
  because the moment we leave base everyone knows we are out . 
  suddenly everything is silent . 
  when you 're back in base isis crawls out of their holes and does their thing again . 
  that is no coincidence . 
  this is what the bundeswehr is actually trying to achieve . 
  i just watched a recent bundeswehr-spot in mali . 
  they patrolled along a road and told the viewer `` here are still fights going on . 
  last week there were 60 victims in this town . '', 
  while sitting in his heavily armoured vehicle , playing with his 12.7 mm mg . 
  it sounded like someone was talking about a far away conflict they can change nothing about . 
  and i cant even blame them . 
  because they do n't even have the equipment to do anything else then patrol duty . 
  it will be very interesting to see how this troops would manage for example a local uprising , secretly financed by russia . 
  i mean i 'm pretty sure if russia comes , it would not directly attack . 
  so how do this troops help ? 
  still not sure how our plan to fight asymmetric warfare without the risk of a open war with russia looks like . 
  well , i personally think we should have a bigger military . 
  but maybe not to contribute in the way you might think . 
  i would wish we had a strong military that does really want to help . 
  for example in mossul right now . 
  people are being slaughtered like cattle .
