  russia is also into selling oil . 
  keeping the oil price artificially low is hurting them . 
  so convincing the saudis in cooperation with the us to keep the prices low , is hurting them a lot . 
  its now at 45 $ but was constantly over 100 $ before russia started to fuck around . 
  this was btw . 
  the same action that bankrupted the ussr . 
  i also would n't overestimate the export to germany . 
  if i calculate it correctly we talk about 17 billions $ a year ( we are buying 90.000.000.000 square meters . 
  1000 cubic meters gas cost ~ 190 $ . ), 
  they earn from selling us gas . 
  i have no clue how much of that ends in russia 's pocket and how much in some oligarchs . 
  after all russia only owns 40 % of gazprom . 
   what ? 
  first balts were not part of it , second i do n't give a shit what germans did in ww2 , the same germans that live today have nothing to do with it . 
  you 're just an asshole that 's about it , you 're not born with it . 
  haha , i know that very well . 
  and i heard how proud many of you are still about their history in the ss : https://www.welt.de/geschichte/zweiter-weltkrieg/article138524321/viele-letten-sind-stolz-auf-die-ss-dank-putin.html just assumed that you 've actually learned something from that . 
  but i guess being called `` asshole '' for remembering you about a very dark part of our common history , says it all . 
   yeah difference that we 're fallowing rational and logical steps , not screaming `` come here '' and then crying for too many migrants that actually come here . 
  in real world you answer for your words . 
  i see nothing rational or logical . 
  i see a government accepting that the majority is xenophobic . 
  why is that rational ? 
  because they do n't want to get kicked our of government ? 
  indeed , that is very rational . 
  but how in the world do you come to the conclusion that this is also making xenophobia `` rational '' ? 
   we accepted migrant quota , the problem is that most of them still move to germany . 
  that 's a different problem . 
  they can not chose where to live and they can not apply for asylum again . 
  remember ? 
  they already have been accepted . 
  maybe being less hostile would n't make them flee your country ? 
   maybe if brussel monkeys thought that closing down external eu 's border is better than letting in every single migrant , we would already be dealt with this migrant crisis ... 
  accepting economic migrants ... those peoples are fleeing from war in syria and have been recognized as refugees in italy and greece . 
  the only reason why you want to call them `` economic migrants '' is because you want to criminalize them to get a excuse to deny them help . 
  you do n't have even the slightest piece of proof for your accusations that those syrians in italy and greece are `` economic migrants '' . 
  another clear display of your very special form of `` rationality '' i guess . 
   is neither requirement nor obligation to ever closer union within eu . 
  the legal status is refugee . 
  i could n't care less how you want to call or degrade them . 
  sorry , you are right . 
  too much emotions . 
   you 're racist and xenophobic right now towards ee . 
  yes , i 'm unfair and generalizing . 
  we 've been that way towards ee since centuries . 
  do you remember the `` untermensch '' ? 
  one of the most brutal chapters of human history . 
  we 've also looked down on generations of ee immigrants . 
  remember ? 
  so you know how it feels to be a victim of generalization , collective punishment and xenophobia . 
  you just felt it when reading my post . 
  that is the real mindboggling part to me . 
  you know ... this whole situation remembers me about a child , beaten by its asshole parents all life . 
  and then it grows up and gets his own children , only to start beating them , too , because that is all it ever learned . 
   okay . 
  no need to get so butthurt . 
  i see this different . 
  this is the biggest and best reason to be butthurt for me since years . 
  you take no refugees from italy and blame germany because we try to force you . 
  and italy and greece get butthurt because they - two countries with huge economical problem - get no help in this situation . 
  i ca n't care less about the explanations and reasons . 
  and having a public majority who backs this up makes it even worse . 
  the thing that is hurting my butt is that this are clear signs for me , that there is indeed no unity and that this union will break to pieces the moment a real threat emerges . 
  i was a bit too idealistic , i guess . 
  i really believed in the european idea . 
  i 'm `` hearing '' much of things all day . 
  you can not believe with what kind of bullshit people come up . 
  i only tend to believe it , if there is a credible source . 
  are there any credible sources ( all newspaper accepted in / r/europe ) ? 
  hehe . 
  undeniably both . 
  you are right . 
  but is this a reason to not help them - if they are real refugees , - the economic migrants have been sorted out and - if we would send them back , after their problems are over ? 
   no it has nothing to do with my government . 
  it has everything to do with the european court of human rights . 
  as soon as a person is born here , it becomes extremely difficult to send the person back to the came the person comes from ... you clearly have no idea what you are talking about , dumbass . 
  haha . 
  more right wing myths . 
  your brain has been seriously fucked up beyond any recognition . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_of_the_european_union#summary_of_member_states.27_nationality_laws citation for denmark . 
  the only way to `` acquisition of citizenship by birth '' :  persons born in denmark who : are foundlings seriously , you are such a joke . 
  where do you even get this kind of stuff from ? 
  american hillbilly movies ? 
  sorry , but this is a waste of time . 
  you just parrot all kinds of right wing myth you read in your daily dose of clickbait-news . 
  this conversation is over . 
  no he did n't . 
  thank you for your commitment . 
  now , please go on . 
  nothing to see here . 
   they 're not refugees . 
  they will never go back . 
  most of them have had a couple of kids here now . 
  we will never send the majority back . 
  haha , you must have really much trust in your government . 
  your country is the one who decides if they go back . 
  not the refugees . 
  if you give them the right to immigrate , that 's your fucking problem . 
  but do n't deny them and greece/italy some help on that premise . 
  this is a very lame excuse .
