  as far as i remember this kind of investment is a bit different . 
  it looks more like this : china bribes to government to get allowance to built a factory/mine and a village close to it . 
  then they surround this with a huge fence and send in the military for protection . 
  and then they hire local workers . 
  not sure if i would call this `` investment '' . 
  it 's for sure no replacement for an european army . 
  i do n't really understand what they 're going to achieve with this . 
  could be that this is mostly about defence and creating a first response group for eastern europe . 
  it would be nice . 
  but i do n't think this will happen . 
  there is still not enough trust between the countries . 
  and many governments would see this as a loss of sovereignty . 
  what else would you need ? 
  it 's laser is actually pretty flexible , as clearly visible in rogue one . 
  it 's also pretty quickly in target . 
  not much reaction time with a laser . 
  and its far more healthy for the environment then nuclear weapons , too . 
  and we europeans love our environment , is n't it ? 
  that 's right . 
  you can only make peace with your enemies . 
  that includes talks with former terrorists . 
  but you should at least try to look like a reasonable person in the process . 
  i think the problems are the words he uses and how he calls them friends . 
  to me he looks a lot like a typical left-wing lunatic , who calls all terrorists freedom fighters , no matter of the atrocities they committed . 
  thanks austria !, 
  i hope you destroy them . 
  i hate this privatization and toll neurosis . 
  especially after our country had a huge budget surplus , decisions like this get the stench of corruption they are obviously based on . 
  the excuse `` we ca n't afford them '' no longer holds . 
  and it still goes on . 
  its clear now that all the involved politicians want is a business opportunity for some of their rich friends . 
  it was just the same with the energy sector . 
  because our government bowed to this lobbyists and their bribes we now have the highest power prices in europe . 
  ok , that 's strange behaviour . 
  would n't a reasonable candidate help labour more ? 
  not sure what is going on in their heads . 
  even though hamas and hizbollah are political parties in their countries today , their history and connection to terrorists is without a doubt very controversial . 
  honestly ? 
  i do n't see that happen . 
  but i hope there will be more military cooperation like that between france and germany for the leopard 3 . 
  lets see . .  terrorist friend : i guess this comes from not seeing all muslims as terrorists . 
  which makes him their friend ? 
   useless on brexit : i think he 'll get a better deal then may . 
  she has already helped to harden the front and basically ruined the mood and willingness of the eu to give uk a good deal . 
  this woman is completely incompetent . 
  corbyn could look for a preferred partnership and would be able to achieve more to begin with . 
   enemy of business enemy of predatory capitalist business for sure . 
  and what is wrong with condemning them ? 
  they fuck pretty much everyone , beside rich people . 
   massive tax hikes but that 's exactly what uk needs . 
  just look at the most recent protest of uk 's public sector workers , nhs , police cuts and so on . 
  there is no money in their budget . 
  would it be better to starve them ? 
   puppet of union this is just random redundant bullshit . 
  its basically the same then enemy of business and massive tax hikes . 
   ruinous spending again its about the budget for the public sector , nhs and so on . 
  they blame him for trying to improve it . 
  because he needs money for that its instantly a tax hike and ruinous spending . 
  i do n't care about the others . 
  not sure what they talk about or it 's just anti-leftist bullshit . 
  so generally i would say : sounds a lot like it 's customized bullshit only very stupid people are going to swallow . 
  so perfect for the typical sun reader . 
  you should also note that all vehicles and planes are merely plattforms . 
  the leopard 2 has a modular design and therefore lots and lots of different load-outs and equipment . 
  some for urban environments , some for desert environments , some for north european environment . 
  some with ied protection . 
  and so on . 
  the amount of available equipment is endless . 
  the same goes for planes , light tanks and so on . 
  so all of us could use the same weapon-platform but with different modules . 
  qatar is not better then the emirates or saudi arabia , that 's for sure . 
  they love their modern day slave labour to built their shit and have no problem with them dying by the thousands . 
  everything else that is happening recently is pretty unclear . 
  not sure if they like iran or if they fund terror directly . 
  they have a lot of rich families and princes and so on . 
  so i would n't wonder if there are some fanatics . 
  there are a lot of marshal plans in preparation recently . 
  if we would n't spread it , nobody would want to be a part of that program . 
  there are a lot of jobs and money in the european weapons industry . 
  if we find a way to fairly share this among all participating countries i think this would be a good idea . 
  especially the r&d is highly redundant . 
  why invest in research for 17 different main battle tanks - including keeping them up to date - if you could instead share experience and focus on one ? 
  i tried to say they did not care about german household being out of gas . 
  i did not try to say that they actually ran out . 
  i think i read the reserves were down to around 35 % -45 % . 
  but also not sure on that . 
  but the pipelines were being planned and built beginning 2000 . 
  north stream 2 , is only one of 3 pipelines around ukraine and almost complete . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/major_russian_gas_pipelines_to_europe.png so its a bit late to gather trust from the current government in that way . 
  yes , we could stop north stream 2 , to give ukraine some power over their gas prices back . 
  but we also need to consider that there is a new pipeline on the way for china . 
  and a new pipeline for japan . 
  and they talk about a pipeline for india . 
  sounds like russia - thanks to all this gas disputes and threatening - has made enormous investment for thousands of kilometers of pipelines . 
  if this goes on russia has by far the bigger leverage soon and would have no problem to blackmail all of europe whenever they want . 
  so how could this work out for europe in the long term ? 
  i see not much choice then to play the reliable partner and hope that there would n't be another gas dispute soon until europe is finally able to steer away from fossil fuels . 
  thats ... not bad !, 
  i think we need russia , qatar , kurds and maybe even germany in this !, 
  batallions full of combat instructors ?
