  thats a 180 \u00b0 change in direction . 
  nothing of that has to do with the fact that she changed her position to please trump and to put pressure on the eu and therefore working together with one of the most despicable persons in power on the planet , just to strengthen her position . 
  i guess this is you , trying to see the world as you want it to be . 
  tits proof you wrong . 
  its not the internet . 
  it 's a projection of american law and morality , giving a fuck about the values of other countries on the planet . 
  if they do n't care , they need to be forced to care . 
  i like how you proof your eloquence by using the word flabbergasted !, 
  there is a rumour going around that this trade statistics do n't really show the real trade volume between the usa and europe . 
  they are saying that facebook , google and twitter are earning boatloads of money on european internet users but do n't count it as part of their trade volume . 
  is this economically correct ? 
  i thought those companies pay taxes in europe ? 
  not sure if that is for their advertisment/per click or only for example for selling android phones . 
  and i bet by `` experts '' you mean a study forged by the tories . 
  smells like there classic style of fear-mongering to propagate their bullshit . 
  for the future of the eu i hope she will not win the vote . 
  she is a bit too opportunistic and quick with getting rid of her moral values , because she is afraid of the outcome of the brexit deals . 
  instead of cooling down the heads on both sides , she goes directly into actionism-mode to prostitute herself as trumps puppet and helps him to put pressure on us for his stupid agendas . 
  and by that she is actively working to deteriorate our relations and to alienate allies . 
  i do n't know why . 
  i thought leaving the eu had other reasons and the target was to keep up good relations ? 
  at this point it seems to me she would prefer to tear down the whole eu instead of negotiating at all . 
  i for myself care very much . 
  not only is she heating up the talks , but she is also implicitly threatening us to be trumps mole inside the eu . 
  c'mon , the eu has enough problems already . 
  ca n't we just try to get over this without so much interference from trump and putin ? 
  if you take a look at the tour , / u/schlaefer has linked , you see that there is not only a conference table , but also a note that states that mutti prefers to work on that table , because it 's closer to the door . 
  so in fact the tv is facing at her prefered place to work in the room . 
  i do n't get why she wo n't just redecorate the room , however , if she thinks that 's more efficient . 
  the chair on the desk looks much more comfy and healthy to me . 
  i like the fact that she decided to not place the king in her office , too . 
  she only has the queen and two pawns there !, 
  since the cold war is over this term is regularly used exactly for this . 
  you can even look it up . 
  as i said . 
  i think so , too . 
  and maybe this will change now . 
  but i do n't see how another ascending military superpower , the eu , would improve global security . 
  if you own a gun , you tend to use it . 
  and if our relations continue to deteriorate in the current speed , i do n't see what the anglosphere would win from a militarily independent eu that is also now competition and no longer a ally . 
  this whole scenario sounds super stupid . 
  because we both know that trump would never even think about reducing the military spending . 
  a huge chunk of the us industry would be ruined . 
  so do you think it will relief the us military budget if he fucks up our friendship and forces us to built more tanks ? 
  or yours ? 
  our mutti , a strong believer in one of the biggest genocidal mass murderers of all time , always ready to massacre a few million untermenschenz !, 
  what a nice picture . 
  he he !, 
  so we are `` supposed '' again . 
  and now its no longer about treaties all parties agreed to , but obviously a case of some kind of a implicit `` with great power comes great responsibility '' - thing . 
  as i see it the protection of the eu should be a effort all members should participate in . 
  that would be ~ 200 billion in the eu vs ~ 60 billion in russia with our current budget . 
  do n't you think that is more then enough ? 
  especially if you consider the respectable amount of resources we would set free if we stop all those adventures in turkey , syria and afghanistan ? 
  not sure what you 're up to . 
  but using worn out , polemic propaganda slogans from your great leader wo n't bring this discussion anywhere . 
  but your words have a interesting implication . 
  you seem to think that your 660 billion budget is somehow used for `` our protection '' and that we should contribute more to your wars in iraq , afghanistan and syria . 
  you even seem to believe that you 've somehow increased europe 's security with these wars . 
  i think most people do n't get how our economy works . 
  you built a company , produce stuff , earn money . 
  for the money you pay local workers and also pay taxes , the state is using to improve the country . 
  it does not matter if a part of the profit ends up in the pockets of a indian or a german billionaire . 
  both could invest in india , if the market is growing and if they have a positive impression . 
  it 's not about creating a colony to steal resources and to force the population into slave labor , like in the good old days of the british empire . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm the first one who say that we should spent even more . 
  i served in the bundeswehr myself and i 'm surely not opposing anything that strengthens our forces by a reasonable amount . 
  but nonetheless we 're not `` supposed '' to and therefore do n't owe anyone anything . 
  this kind of talk is not only just wrong , it 's aggressive and alienating . 
  and i dare to say : this is the exact goal of trump . 
  he gives a fuck about strengthening the nato . 
  i smell putins dirty hands in everything trump is doing . 
  to me it looks like trump is still playing a dangerous game of `` divide et impera '' against europe . 
  and merkel is right to answer in that way . 
  i have the strong feeling that this wo n't go too well . 
  we now have 1 superpower with china close to becoming one and russia gaining strength every day . 
  how could it be good for the world to have four superpowers working hard for world dominance ? 
  and then they cancelled that agreement 2 years later in cause of the financial crisis . 
  supposed to ? 
  by whom ? 
  there is nothing in existence in the nato-treaties that is saying that , beside one agreement where all nato-members agreed that they meet the 2 % until 2024 . 
  there is a lot of time left until we need to meet this goals . 
  so what are you talking about when you say `` supposed '' ? 
  trumps lies ? 
  she is right . 
  the world is full of chances . 
  and there are many countries in the world that will be much more important to the environment than the us in the future . 
  india , brazil and many countries in africa are close to become second and even first world countries . 
  china is also already working hard on environmental protection messures . 
  it would be a mistake to not try to intensify the relations with these countries . 
  i hope this is sarcasm , because otherwise it would be stupidity . 
  sounds like trump will indeed make sure to end the nato . 
  but it has at least one nice aspect . 
  i look forward to the time when the us citizens recognize that their budget is n't as high as it is to protect europe , but to finance wars in 3 countries and troop garrisons all over the world . 
  the us could reduce their budget by 50 % without a problem , if they would n't continue with their adventures , and the world would still be save from putin . 
  but i guess - even if trump is talking about `` america first '' he does not want to reduce this budget - because a lot of jobs would be lost . 
  he could use those 150 billions for education , health care and infrastructure . 
  but i guess the arms lobby would n't be pleased then . 
  so even if we would contribute more to ease the burden of the usa , and the budget would be cut , those jobs would also be lost .
