  that does not matter much if they believe they still have or or want to get it back . 
  because the result - doing damage to weaken the eu - would be the same . 
  i 'm pretty sure its not hate . 
  its the agenda of the current government , consisting out of anti-eu politicians who want the best for their own country while do n't caring for `` doing the right thing '' , which would be to already trigger article 50 and stop to vote on anything . 
  imagine a punch of german dudes sitting in your government only voting pro-germany . 
  would that be a thing you would like ? 
  why does it matters so much for you that there were other who voted against it ? 
  i 'm talking about the uk 's reason to vote against it . 
  not the danish or germanys . 
  every country has it 's own reason . 
  and it does n't mean that because i consider the reason of the uk as sabotage i also have to consider the danish contribution in the same way . 
  i 'm pretty sure those will be gone very soon . 
   so the uk is voting in its best interest and that 's a bad thing ? 
  for sure it is in this case . 
  its like ( dramatized for clarification ) voting to burn a house down in a apparment owners meeting , knowing you 've already sold your flat and the moment it burns down only all the other dudes - you do n't like for some irrational reason - are going to get fucked . 
  and the only reason you are allowed in that owners meeting is , because you 've told nobody that you sold your appartment . 
  it would make the eu stronger to have a military union . 
  trying to prevent that to help your own interests is nothing than sabotage . 
  and why do you think i believe uk is the only saboteur ? 
  in this case they are preparing themself to take a nice and comforting position in trumps anus . 
  so they are as usual just a puppet . 
  no , because its part of their future . 
  its their right to vote for it and say no . 
  the only reason britain says no - already knowing it would not matter in the future for them - is because they think it 's better for them , even after they are out . 
  its normal for brits . 
  they are as opportunistic as ever . 
  `` let 's cause some disturbance that will help us after we 're out '' . 
  in this case its all about doing everything to weaken the union . 
  `` we are an anti eu government now !, 
  lets do everything to undermine them '' . 
  who have thought that peace is at risk so very fast about 2-3 years ago ? 
  trump in the us is thinking about pulling out of nato , erdogan to the south who sends threats in all directions and wants to unify its military with russia . 
  putin to the east already fighting an information war with us . 
  and while all this happens anti-eu-britain sits in our neck , trying to weaken us even more . 
  humanity is really a smart bunch of people . 
  maybe they really deserve a big war in their generation , turning all those countries into molten shit . 
  just to get tired of it for another 70-100 years . 
  im proud about european governments that they did not accept to get blackmailed from wannabe dictator erdogan this time . 
  allow us eu or we send them all over ze borders !, 
  allow us eu or we make military with russia !, 
  he behaves like a fucking neanderthal and is just as smart . 
  go on erdogan . 
  enter your military union with russia . 
  i really do n't give a shit . 
  it was soo very good for syria , so you should be fine , too . 
  not only lobbying . 
  get mayor , while your brother owns a construction company and your sister owns a internet provider . 
  guess who is going to become a very rich person . 
  dont think they are stupid enough to let the public streets be build by his brother . 
  no , it takes a different way . 
  a local company is polluting a lake to a degree that it can not be used as the swimming lake it used to be . 
  there is a public outcry . 
  but guess what is going to happen . 
  the answer was : `` the pollution is high enough to forbid swimming in the lake . 
  but its not high enough to make them stop ! '', 
  they are also thinking about removing the nature protection status from the nearby area . 
  who would wonder if you consider how polluted it is . 
  oh and the best thing is : the same company that is polluting the area also wants to buy this area to turn it into a sand mine . 
  guess who was selected to built their new factory hall ? 
  and who was selected to provide the internet access ? 
  and all of this is happening inside the law . 
  the difference is that in europe there are only ways for rich people to do it and they are perfectly legal , while in other countries poor and rich dudes can use bribes to make life easier . 
  its a fact that this number means nothing . 
  it says nothing about economic efficieny , manpower , techonology , combat readiness , overall power and so on . 
  what use does a military have if you spent 30 billion $ for ww2-technology tanks ? 
  what value has a military that spends 20 of 30 billions for it 's bureaucracy ? 
  what use does a military have if they spend all their money on super high-tech jets that have only very little more use than the much cheaper , previous generation ? 
  you are right : those numbers mean nothing . 
  you cant equalize military spending with military strength . 
  in europe everything costs much , much more . 
  i 'm also quite sure that russia sees no reason to tell us how they spend their money . 
  they could tell us they spend only 1 billion and we would 've to swallow it . 
  so if money in fact means close to nothing what things are relevant ? 
  what about industrial capabilities ? 
  and what about research capabilities ? 
  russia - a country with a government that is very close to being a dictatorship - is already focusing all free resources in military research and technology while neglecting everything else - maybe beside wood , fuel and energy . 
  many countries in europe are doing effectively the opposite : we keep our military as small as possible and use our economy to boost mostly our quality of life . 
  i doubt the usa would be able to function without being the world police . 
  take away the illegal immigrants . 
  the muslims . 
  and then all small and big wars they 're fighting . 
  all the people of america just working and living a normal life . 
  what should all those indoctrinated bible belters hate ? 
  and what should all those dudes do - that `` learned '' about right and wrong in history lessons and heard how great their grand father fought for freedom - when being faced with wars all over the world - full of war crimes and genocide - that are going to erupt quickly after the us retreats from being the world police ? 
  and what about the `` liberals '' in the us ? 
  you know , the guys that threaten anyone and anything with military interventions if someone is standing in the way of business and earning money ? 
  and the war industry ? 
  thousands of jobs would be lost for every percent the military budget is reduced . 
  nonetheless nothing is going to happen . 
  there are already enough conflicts with russia , especially now that its perfectly possible that we are going to lose the biggest actor in the nato . 
  so its not forbidden to reserve pool chairs with you towel ? 
  want to appease the germanz ? 
  tell that those millions of refugees !, 
  nice work , snoopers !, 
  stop putting pictures of my future home on the internet !, 
  i want my privacy . 
  i did not say they were or were not concerned . 
  i said they saw a good time after ww2 . 
  a feeling of being a strong nation after winning the war . 
  it took a few more years until the depression started and the empire was completely gone .
