  that 's an impression easy to get . 
  but you also should compare their reach . 
  impressive is n't it ? 
  you make the fake impression of being neutral while reality is that the times is a newspaper that 's read only by a few hundred thousands . 
  also : murdoch is a businessman ? 
  the times target audience is full of elitists and intellectuals . 
  a group that was always highly against brexit . 
  do you think they would buy the times if it 's full with fake news bullshit like the sun ? 
  i start to dislike him . 
  he is with no doubt good at his job . 
  but at the same time he is also a bureaucrat without any perspective or vision . 
  a classical dungeon keeper . 
  let me flip that table for you ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 \uff09 \u256f \u253b \u2501 \u253b, 
  why is this worse ? 
  i thought burning a tree releases the same amount of co2 it transforms to oxygen during it 's lifetime ? 
  you mean for transporting and preparing the wood-pellets ? 
  an outcome that was manipulated by fear - and hatemongering through lies and fakes on social media and all the rags owned by rupert murdoch . 
  it surely would n't have changed all the opinions of brexit-voters . 
  but those 2 % who would have been necessary to win ? 
  for sure . 
  it hurts to see how a countries future can be changed by simple voter manipulation and focus-group oriented advertising . 
  not sure if this is something i would call a democratic process . 
  damn , i really should stop to care about it . 
  it still feels half-arsed . 
  solar in germany makes not much sense in my opinion . 
  i had high hope that we would invest our surplus in something important . 
  like a heavily increased research in those fusion reactors and other technologies . 
  even a moderately stronger euro could damage our economy and the surplus will be gone and i have the feeling that is a chance we let slip away thanks to small minded bureaucrats . 
  instead it will trickle into various departments where it will make zero relevant difference . 
  you would think that a physicist like merkel would care more for this things . 
  the interesting thing is that vote-leave is trying to create some kind of `` victory ! '', 
  from it , while reality is that they are out-played by the eu . 
  because the eu wants this you vs me feeling . 
  they want to provoke aggressive behaviour from all camps in the uk . 
  because this not only pushes british moderates on the side of the torys but it also is going to push european moderates on the side of the eu . 
  this helps them to strengthen the union and increase it 's stability . 
  so the hotter this talks get , the bigger the positive effect for the eu . 
  i had so many discussions with vote leave followers on this topic . 
  none of them wanted to believe that brexit could lead to a decline in our relations and if the eu is breaking up finally to new wars inside europe . 
  it all has just begun . 
  what people do n't get is that this is a slow but steady process . 
  it 's not just `` poof , good relations gone '' . 
  britain already had the first little clash with spain over gibraltar and now they are arguing with france about the refugee camps in front of the tunnel . 
  all while the brexit talks get more and more nasty . 
  so who wonders that british people side with their government ? 
  everyone would take this as a attack on their country . 
  but reality is that everyone told the uk that exactly this is going to happen . 
  and nonetheless the british people again get fooled by manipulation and propaganda like this article . 
  this is so stupid . 
  `` look , deep down in their hearts even more people wanted brexit all the time . '', 
  while reality is that anger , frustration and even hate is spreading in all camps . 
  it already starts to be `` you '' vs `` me '' . 
  and it will become even worse . 
  blaming the eu for a reaction everyone told you are going to get is just stupidity . 
  and you should blame your government for being absolutely unable to reduce the tension . 
  because they needed a intelligent looking person . 
  a picture that can not be delivered by the typical american !, 
  :p that 's actually flattering !, 
  most of this sounds more like flattering then being the evil dude . 
  if an american thinks about a distinguished , super intelligent , eloquent person he has a brit in mind . 
  so it 's not exactly a insult . 
  exceptions to this are chinese movies . 
  ip man and jackie chan movies from your list are a good example . 
  english are often displayed as some kind of murderous , super-capitalistic , loud mouthed low-life who trys to destroy on a honest chinese person until he gets their ass beaten up by some superhuman chinese dude with some mad kung-fu skills . 
  this comes indeed very close to the way germans are seen in anglosphere-literature . 
  our super villains are a bit different to that because many americans for example secretly admire our mad tank-engineering skillz , our superior medieval warrior spirit , our racial attributes and also seem to see some kind of `` worthy '' enemy in us because they single handedly stopped us from killing multiple dozen million people . 
  those attributes would be indeed very flattering - if we still would live in nazi-germany . 
  i was n't aware that social benefits , the lack of surveillance and liberal porn laws were such a problem for the uk . 
  at least i understand now what they meant by `` governing themselves '' . 
  tranlation  you live in a fairytale world . 
  you must be crazy . 
  i 've never heard anything so stupid . 
  because of the brexit i should not be able to travel to hamburg ? 
  you should appear in a comedyshow . 
  hopefully we can add him to some kind of no fly list for europe . 
  i 'm sure we do n't need to let every unwanted person into the eu , especially demagogues like him . 
  it 's a privilege and no right to travel to our countries . 
  so you have no problem with politicians using your surf profile and personal data , to identify your weak and pressure spots to flood you with fake news tailored to your personality profile ? 
  maybe you are good enough to identify this kind of thing . 
  but do you trust anyone else ? 
  especially if you consider that this guys only needed 2 % to win . 
  do you think that 's how democracy should work ? 
  by influencing your own people with psyops-campaigns , normally used only in times of war ? 
  you are right . 
  by far not enough . 
  thats why we kicked them out of our forests . 
  they got a fair chance , but they were n't just convincing enough . 
  is that so ? 
  could be that this detail is lost in translation . 
  but i never actively noticed a brit as villain , selected just because they were brits and thereby morally despicable by default . 
  sorry , was not sure if you 're talking generally about celebrating the end of war . 
  maybe for a russian who still wants to shed a good light on stalin . 
  the end of war ? 
  why should n't we celebrate it ? 
  haha !, 
  do you learn that in school ? 
  that 's just super cool . 
  i 'm sure the soviets who run the police forces in east germany would 've been very sorry to hear that . 
  oh , i would prefer to get called continental monkey any day . 
  we 're the bad guys in movies .
