  i 'm sure your loudmouth rhetorics are helping us to bring many investors into the country . 
  better to invest into the ruler than its subjects . 
  :p brexit is also basically a carte blanch for germany and many other eu countries to earn shitloads of money , so its only natural that stocks go up . 
  all that shared military projects ... yummy !, 
  instead of giving parts of it to britain , the pieces of the cake will be bigger for anyone involved . 
  also the british banking sector . 
  we need to replace it . 
  i think frankfurt will be a very good place . 
  you know , that new ecb building could need some friends !, 
  :p or the british automotive industry . 
  why should we produce anything in britain anymore if they are not part of the free market . 
  all those taxes . 
  we basically own all important companies . 
  would be better to let those rolls royces , rovers , minis and so on , including all the parts be produced in greece . 
  they could need a little economic boost . 
  so much goodies to loot for everyone !, 
  i had to laugh when i noticed the results of poland and hungary . 
  i 'm pretty sure your military commitment was part of the treaty that gave you the right to participate in the eurovision song contest !, 
  so what ? 
  every big company in europe is placing it 's headquarter in the country with the least taxes . 
  they are doing the same thing with germany . 
  for example : amazon or apple . 
  nearly every company is doing this . 
  it 's not `` the west '' . 
  it 's a free market thing . 
  i feel the need to say sorry for our banks and the dudes controlling them . 
  its pretty absurd that the same kind of corporation that created the 2008 financial crysis now trys to rob the countrys that have been hit in the hardest possible way . 
  but with so much refugees within your borders you now at least have some kind of leverage . 
  just look at turkey . 
  merkel is staying silent , no matter what amount of shit she has to eat . 
  i thought about this yesterday . 
  i would say our drama with the brexit and the amount of trouble all these assholes want to start in france is overshadowing any news from the us . 
  he had not even the balls to shake hands with the enemy team . 
  i 'm not able to respect that dude . 
  being a whiny wimp does n't make it better . 
  i think everyone should respect the performance and willpower of iceland and the fact that 10 % of iceland is currently in france to watch the games . 
  a friend told me the first football game he ever saw in a stadium was hungary vs. austria some years ago . 
  hungary has won 8:0 . 
  so i guess they are used to it and may even see it as an improvement !, 
  but leave that one tunnel open , please . 
  you know the one i 'm talking about : the one where we usually deliver our loot to you . 
  we need to stash that stuff somewhere , in case it is going to backfire . 
  must be a mistake made by some eu commission !, 
  :p vote for brexit if you want better bike paths !, 
  yes . 
  it 's as good as any reason you get from the brexit campaign !, 
  vote for brexit !, 
  it seem so much over the top . 
  i really thought there must be more to it . 
  seem like it worked out !, 
  i wonder if he is in the stadium . 
  i do n't really understand why there is so much hate between uk and russia . 
  did i miss something ? 
  let 's get our tinfoil hats on !, 
  first a rocket shield . 
  now gazprom . 
  poland gets cocky . 
  i like it !, 
  and the figures were n't as bad as they are now after the crash 2008 . 
  letting them in was considered more important than their financial situation . 
  a decision was made , and you may think it was bad . 
  the thing you forget is that nobody expected that our banking system is going to crash . 
  im pretty sure we would n't even talk about greece at this point if this would n't have happened . 
  but uk decided by them self to fight against isis , without the eu . 
  does n't this make them a target by default ? 
  why should isis spare them ? 
  because it would be so hard to get into britain ? 
  i do n't understand this logic completly . 
  did not even think about the mountain being from iceland . 
  im sorry portugal , you are fucked !, 
  i hope they are prepared for hooligans from iceland . 
  never underestimate those vikings !, 
   this confuses me . 
  surely the union is rotten if one country leaving would cause the whole structure to collapse . 
  thats exactly my impression of the eu . 
  if uk gets out and is successful with it im pretty sure the right wing anti eu parties will grow stronger and stronger . 
  this part of the eu is indeed extremely rotten . 
  anti-eu parties in poland , hungary , austria , france and even the afd in germany is nothing but growing . 
  they will get even stronger if uk votes yes . 
   ok , i get that , but do you not think the anger at uk not wanting to be part of this is a form of patriotism ? 
  do you think we 're going to suddenly start building galleons and attacking our trading partners ? 
  as said above : right wing parties are growing like mushrooms everywhere . 
  i generally do n't like them very much and i do n't trust them , because this mindset were the reason for many wars in history . 
  one moment you are at peace , and the next moment the world lies in ruins . 
  maybe im a bit pessimistic . 
  but there are many examples in human history where things went down pretty fast . 
   we want to be pals with them . 
  i understand that trade is a good thing . 
  but think about your position . 
  a country with 60 million citizen against china . 
  or the eu with 500 million citizens against china . 
  i do n't think our influence will be stronger if we are on our own . 
  uk is not in the schengen zone . 
  usa/japan/brazil / etc all have visa-free access to the eu . 
  yes , there are countries with similar benefits . 
  i 'm not sure if the eu will give the uk this benefits after leaving though . 
  if they make the impression that leaving the eu has no consequence but only frees you from paying your contributions they would be pretty stupid in my opinion . 
  i think merely they are forced to giving a harsh reaction to not motivate any other countries to leave . 
  this will make the eu look even more imperialistic and weaken it in the long term , though . 
  there seems to be no good choices for the eu in this matter .
