   and we 're dealing with isis . 
  lots of solidarity . 
  yes , you are doing the simple part . 
  shooting at faceless terrorists thousands of kilometers away . 
  but taking someone into your home who is fleeing from this people and at the same time helping your european allies by easing their burden ? 
  unbearable !, 
  it makes me sad to even think about . 
   honestly , yes . 
  which is why my country keeps voting `` no '' to removing the exemptions and has a non-western-immigration-sceptic government . 
  the outcome of your last vote make a different impression . 
  there are indeed very much parties that are n't right wing extremists . 
   that 's the only reality i feel the need to understand at the moment . 
  yes , that 's the problem here . 
  delusion . 
  anus amir was a tunesian immigrant who lived in italy and germany since years . 
  he was a criminal even before and was nothing but a thief and a moocher , that was brainwashed in jail . 
  so beside being a moslem what do you think did he have in common with a syrian refugee fleeing from war ? 
   there is no lack of solidarity . 
  we made it clear from the start , that we wanted to be part of no such things and that if we had to , we did n't want eu membership . 
  that you sit there and whine about lack of solidarity shows how dumb you are . 
  well calling `` helping war refugees '' , from a war you 've supported `` no such things '' is the very definition of a lack of solidarity , i think . 
  it 's also a display that you are not able to take responsibility for your help in creating isis , by participating in the iraq war . 
   ohhh . 
  getting personal , little german ? 
  lol . 
  well , yes . 
  or do you think you are representative for denmark ? 
  that would be very sad for your country . 
  we are personal from the beginning . 
   it seems reality has already visited your country a couple of times . 
  in the form of a truck through a christmas market . 
  so you think you are smart because you try to burn me with knowing the `` reality '' i just denied you ? 
  well , nice !, 
  i do n't think xenophobia , cowardliness and the denial of basic social achievements ( lgbt rights , abortion rights ) is `` culture '' . 
  it 's a lack of social development . 
   ... rights ... 
  yes , you have the right to do so . 
  and then we should have the right to not wanting to form an union with european hillbillies . 
  you do n't even understand the difference between immigrants and refugees or you try to criminalize them . 
  both would be a good reason why giving you a democratic vote would be very bad . 
  no , thats not it . 
  you 're frozen in time at the moment ussr took over . 
  you just missed 50 years of social development . 
  that 's why you are opposing abortion , women rights and you hate the lgbt community . 
  and that 's also the reason you are just as racist and xenophobic as those people back then . 
  you are a bunch of backward people . 
  basically european hillbillies . 
  the much more fun fact is that the ussr killed countless refugees on their trail to siberia . 
  they are a part of the reason why we have the geneva convention now . 
  what would these people think about their grand children ? 
  nobody thinks there are n't problems with extremists coming over , hiding between normal refugees . 
  but why is it the fault of refugees that there are criminals trying to abuse this situation ? 
  also : why are you not able to make a differentiation between `` immigrant '' and `` refugee '' ? 
  why are you trying to convince yourself so hard that they are only criminals and moochers ? 
  i remember it a bit different . 
  and have you any numbers to back that up ? 
  yes , and nonetheless you will pay the bill for your lack of solidarity and your cowardliness . 
  go and hide in your little corner of the world . 
  maybe one day reality will visit and hit you in the face hard . 
  there is for sure some bureaucratic rule why they can not operate until then . 
  get creative and rid of them . 
  people just want to live in peace . 
  stop with your stupid power play . 
  300.000 / 510 ( million citizens ) * ~ 6 ( million citizens in denmark ) = ~ 3500 refugees for denmark . 
  uh , i hope you wo n't bankrupt yourself . 
  and i do n't say this is wrong . 
  even if i do n't fully agree . 
  for example because in my opinion paying for refugees from these wars about 100 billions from germany alone should also be seen as some kind of contribution . 
  or the treaty with erdogan , another `` few '' billion $ to built a better living-room and shelter . 
  or the treaties with libya and so on . 
  but we are also on missions in mali and afghanistan . 
  so germany is doing many things to improve the situation , most of them diplomatic or through throwing money at people . 
  sadly you 're only interested in blazing guns . 
  so these things do n't get much attention . 
  nonetheless i think you 've won . 
  i 'm sure military spending will go up . 
  why ? 
  it 's important how many come to europe , not how many have the rough idea that it would be nice to come . 
  you should really get used to click bait journalism . 
  or you will go on to believe any existing apocalyptic scenario possible . 
  that 's really not good for blood pressure !, 
  compare this : http://infographic.statista.com/normal/infografik_4916_fluechtlinge_auf_der_mittelmeer_route_n.jpg to this : https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/461364/umfrage/illegale-grenzuebertritte-in-die-eu-durch-fluechtlinge-nach-fluchtrouten/ not even close to 2016 until now . 
  i do n't say its not necessary . 
  but stop to tell us there is a treaty in place that forces us to do so . 
  because that is a lie and that is really bad behaviour . 
  ask your mom . 
  no , it is n't . 
  discussion and critique needs to be seen as a mean of progress and not as a reason to feel insulted , because you we 're wrong . 
  if someone brings up a valid point , we should think about and form our opinion based on that . 
  i do n't say this is everywhere the case . 
  it even differs from person to person . 
  some of us are very proud/arrogant/whatever and hate it to be wrong . 
  but we normally agree that this is true and that leaving out the feelings is resulting in a much more constructive discussion . 
  i literally learned `` how to discuss constructively '' in school . 
  does that mean more kobe beef at affordable prices ? 
  on the other side : i hear they are raised with beer and massage every day . 
  we have plenty of beer and countless massage-therapists . 
  maybe we could start some competition ? 
  syria is no nato operation . 
  read the fucking treaty .
