  a party should have a clear position but not necessarily a majority . 
  after the election the strongest party should form a coalition with other like-minded parties . 
  if you only have one big party for a broad political spectrum the result are abominations like the republican party in the us . 
  moderate conservatives , like schwarzenegger or mccain have to work together with the tea party and the kkk & friends . 
  and they all carry the name `` conservatives '' or `` republicans '' as a label . 
  it 's just undemocratic in my opinion that this is allowed . 
  if i 'd want to vote for the moderates i have to accept there is kkk , too . 
  in the end it gets one big blurry mess of political goals , to appease as many of them as possible . 
  everyone fights each other internally about what is more important . 
  and to make the tea party members say yes in things important to them , moderates start with giving out little concessions , like `` intelligent-design '' in school . 
  in the end the voters start to mix up everything and all that is left are the bad attributes of everyone . 
  and their followers buy this . 
  many of them do n't vote republican because they think `` they match my political identity '' . 
  no , their political identity is defined by the party they vote for . 
  no wonder they want to fetch the rest of the balkan for the eu . 
  there is a hole in our net !, 
  we like a stable government , too . 
  the public gave them an mandate . 
  coalitions are obligated to get their shit together and start to work , no matter what happened during election or before . 
  yes , but i did n't say that it should be entirely defensive . 
  i specifically was talking about the two countrys the other dude was speaking about . 
  the bigger problem for a eu army would be to reach political consensus . 
  the germans do n't like to got to war very much these days and dislike real combat missions . 
  its basically all about recon , guard and humanitarian aid . 
  other countries are quicker with offensive missions and it would take some to get this mindset back into our heads . 
  not sure if modern germans ( civilians ) could handle to get dragged into something like a smaller iraq with constant battles , ieds and suicide bombings . 
  i was in the bundeswehr and i 'm sure my nerves would be on the edge every single day while they are fighting . 
  not sure what you 're up to . 
  it depends . 
  if it happens in the usa , i 'm sure they 'll help . 
  it it happens in somalia , we have countless special forces units . 
  but he is right . 
  it 's not his fault there are only very few graphs so old . 
  the simple reason is : it was basically pre-internet in germany and sources are only available if you pay a newspaper archive to dig out something !, 
  how on earth should he do that ? 
  and why on earth should he invest so much time to convince a random dude on the internet ? 
  if you 'd ask dudes in schleswig holstein if they trust the bavarians it would most probably look the same like usa . 
  i bet they 'd trust austria more then seehofer . 
  and who could blame them ? 
  i think you do n't need to take this poll personal . 
  its completely dependent on your current government . 
  while obama was in power it reached up to 80 % . 
  and who can blame us ? 
  he threatened us with a trade war , threatened us with nato article 5 while putin plays the strongman at our borders and even supports erdogan who publicly watched his bodyguards beating the shit out of americans in dc and just forced us out of incirlik . 
  sorry to say that : but why is your government doing this to us , when we share so much history ? 
  and who replaced the soldiers watching the nukes with his trusted followers in the first weeks of his government . 
  to be honest it would have surprised most of us if you had n't spied on us . 
  especially after schr\u00f6der and his russia-fetish . 
  i do n't really get why this is wrong . 
  are n't coalitions and their creation part of the democratic process ? 
  why is it desirable if only one party `` rules supreme '' when you can represent a even bigger part of the country . 
  sounds like tory + labour would be a pretty healthy government . 
  its nice to have those pro-business dudes . 
  but a breeze of the left-wing could soften their desire for predatory-capitalism in a bit more socially acceptable form !, 
  the country does not change . 
  but trust can . 
  you love your wife for 20 years . 
  then there is this one night with this chick from russia and the trust is gone . 
  its right that we militarily burdened you too much . 
  but trump trys to change that by dividing us . 
  in that way he is making russia cocky . 
  russia normal reaction in such a environment is that they become strongly inclined to test their limits again . 
  and i 'm pretty sure the eu will soon start to tumble when it comes to the embargo 's in cause of crimea , because the pressure gets too high . 
  i can only hope that they fear the unsteady temper of the yellow dude . 
  i think its mostly about the government . 
  not the companies or the people . 
  no need to suddenly mistrust a person or company you work with for years !, 
  we still work hard to get berlusconi out of our minds !, 
  :p but i 'm personally in love with italy for that heroic police officer who shot amri in the face . 
  i sat a week in front of the computer : `` when do they get this asshole finally ? 
  when ? 
  even the press began to make fun of us . 
  felt like being saved from all that shame by you guys and your awesome police !, 
  thanks again !, 
  he did a lot of other good hings , too . 
  like kicking the saxons in their butts , which is never wrong , to turn them into good christians . 
  they need a strong hand from time to time !, 
  dad is long dead !, 
  but the children are alive and healthy . 
  you know , the snobby spoiled brat , now lawyer who inherited all his gold , the poor and smelly goth-punk-intellectual and the hot vegan chick who tells you about the things you 're doing wrong all day . 
  from that perspective you could be right . 
  but after they are part the the new euro-african union you are wrong again !, 
  what if you only have 3 ? 
  but ... 
  but ... ok . \u2665, 
  as long as they prevent this , i do n't care about the intentions of the dude who did this . 
  yeah , someone has to start . 
  that is true . 
  this is no party , its a shithole . 
  no need or desire for participation . 
  i understand the point perfectly . 
  but to be as quick as possible in this scenario you need to deploy without medivac-availability and with water for only a few days . 
  how much water should a paratrooper carry ? 
  there is no other way , beside not deploying . 
  it 's just not possible to have all the time helicopter-medevac available all over africa , when you do n't know where the attack is going to happen - at least with limited forces . 
  you need a ship or a airport in range . 
  and until all forces are in position it will take atleast a day . 
  but then this whole thing would be over and the damage done . 
  it 's a tough call . 
  it 's also not entirely clear if they had paratrooper tanks like this one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wiesel_awc but i do n't think so .
