  he is not even able to openly declare a enemy . 
  he ended the ceasefire effectively weeks before the pkk made it official . 
  you * know * things ? 
  your leader is a fucking dictator and you have practically no free press left . 
  that 's why you * know * things that nobody else knows anything about . 
  they support the kurds in iraq in their fight against isis . 
  its turkish stupidity and hate that is responsible for calling every armed kurd a pkk member . 
  nobody outside turkey believes this crap . 
  so do n't even try and get started with this propaganda shit . 
  i wonder if he blames someone else then religious fundamentalists , because their mindset is actually the same then the mindset of the akp . 
  would n't it be somewhat ironic if he hides for example a isis bombing because he thinks that would reduce the support for religious fundamentalism in the country and cost him votes ? 
  merkel really does not like the brits . 
  i agree . 
  some nations like germany just got it into a higher level . 
  they basically legalized it . 
  when our major wants to build a street , his brother 's company is going to build it . 
  and when the local rich guy wants you out of this little garden you 've bought magically you are n't even allowed to plant a tree or build a little tool shed anymore and get tons of bureaucrats on your ass who tell you `` you have to change this and that ! '' . 
  and when you leave suddenly a new house is build in this spot and everything goes . 
  especially the german csu is pure nepotism . 
  the longer a party rules , the harder the corruption gets . 
  wikis say :  women civilian personnel have been assigned to the headquarters staff , technical fields , and social services without sexual discrimination . 
  women officers serve in all branches except armor , infantry , and submarines . 
  sounds more like erdogans propagana-ministry wrote that thing . 
  woman are doing the same thing they did in the german army 10-20 years ago : nursing , cleaning and cooking . 
  you call this `` technical staff '' because it sounds more important . 
  no , its all hearsay . 
  what do you expect ? 
  that churchill writes down everything and tells the world `` we forced 2,5 million people into the meat grinder ? '', 
  basically its all about : they all starved ( britain created the biggest famine in world history in ww2 , 3-4 millions died `` officially '' ) and were poor and without perspective and had no other choice . 
  the british common tactic was to bribe local leaders into `` convincing '' them to volunteer . 
  the tactics ranged from cutting-off the water supply , classic strong arm tactics or false promises of adventure and money . 
  the only reason why they were called `` volunteer army '' was because they signed a piece of paper . 
  more about this here : https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/46ptlo/til_during_wwii_india_produced_the_largest/d074dch, 
  i know there were many modern turkish people . 
  but i think they 've left the country a long time ago . 
  secularism under erdogan ? 
  do you really believe that ? 
  you really should n't believe the turkish newspapers anything they tell you . 
  my best friend in school was a kurd btw . 
  so my opinion is from knowing a kurdish family . 
  to me they were very friendly and nice people . 
  nobody was genitally mutilated and the kids even got into university ( some of them ) . 
  one of them was gay , too . 
  one of them is now a member of a left wing party and their parents are very proud . 
  they have some conservative opinions about honor , though . 
  family was pretty important and they did not like the turks very much . 
  maybe your statistics suck because in the kurdish part of iraq do also live many non-alevites ? 
  yes , it is known . 
  a good example was that after cutting of the water supply of entire villages they happily volunteered to sign any paper . 
  but living in an occupied country and being recruited by force does . 
  indians say that 2,5 million served in the british army during world war , too . 
  so `` none '' is pretty hard to believe . 
  i wonder how many of them were slaves from india and other countries ? 
  that was all he was able to come up with ? 
  i 'm sure there is much more genocide hidden in german history . 
  please look again . 
  or is he hiding something ? 
  maybe he wants to stay in the 20 . 
  century because there is more in ottoman history than only the armenian genocide ? 
  let me look into this now ... 
  i 'm an economist-analyst-analyzer and i come to the conclusion that this analysis is over-analyzing a non-existent problem analysis . 
  the only thing traumatized is the brain of this click-bait-addicted writer-whore who likes to call himself `` journalist '' . 
  i bet hitler would have loved to have hdr back then , too . 
  i like him . 
  think about all this mental problems he had in his past and nonetheless he rules a whole country now without problems . 
  mind blowing . 
  i also like that he made no secret about removing all kinds of opposition and journalism from his country . 
  all people have the same opinion now . 
  must be cool to have no need to think so much anymore . 
  i hope he crowns himself to king or pasha or whatever this was called in ottoman empire . 
  so they do n't need to think about voting anymore . 
  must be a very chillaxing experience to live in turkey . 
  maybe they even think about going back to mongolia . 
  back to the roots and so on . 
  fortunately the germans love their bureaucracy and never throw anything away . 
  i 'm sure somewhere in germany every peace of paper written in world war 2 is still existing . 
  maybe hidden in one of our beloved bunker !, 
  so the turks are now into the eugenics and `` herrenrasse '' thing , too ? 
  nice !, 
  let 's exchange our research . 
  one of our most famous doctors , dr. mengele , has a lot of thing to say about this topic . 
  i demand that the germans stop talking about erdogan and replace his country on their maps with a white spot with blue stripes , named `` former greece '' . 
  kurds are conservative ? 
  who told you that ? 
  last time i watched the kurds have woman in their armed forces , do n't enforce hijabs and woman can become anything a man can . 
  to me a they look like they are part of the few people that already arrived in the 21 . century in turkey . 
  there is no `` long term '' planning in this turkish government . 
  there never was . 
  what is this ? 
  some kind of foreshadowing for the right wing future of the uk ? 
  that would be actually a good number every country could be happy about . 
  thats the problem . 
  people expect the union to be able to work efficiently . 
  but on the other hand they wo n't let go of their local autonomy . 
  at the end we get rules and rules with millions of little exceptions for every single lobbyist . 
  and then everybody is wondering why it can not work or even use it for their local problems . 
  me two . 
  tells me there are still some sane people out there . 
  i agree . 
  you do n't go to greece to stay 2 weeks on a beach or to get some cheap booze .
