  nice . 
  but what are you going to prove that way ? 
  that the us spent so much more for military than russia yet they can not stop it from taking crimea or helping assad back into power ? 
   fact is the us has a larger economy and better standards of living than either russia or china by far while maintaining a military more powerful than both combined , which affords it a hell of a lot of influence . 
  what do we learn from that fact ? 
  that you can be a super power with much less money and your people being treated like cattle ? 
   if you truly believe that you 're an idiot . 
  on top of being a huge technological innovator , the us military puts weight behind american diplomacy . 
  it 's one of the main reasons the us has so much more influence than the eu , which has an economy of a similar size . 
  so you really believe that with 50 % of its current size and without invading those countries america would be weaker ? 
  than obviously you are the idiot . 
  reality is that military superpower in our age only has one use : threaten countries who were already completely powerless from the beginning . 
  do you think you can threaten russia or china with a f35 or a stealth battle ship ? 
  an atomic superpower ? 
  the only ones who are threatened by the us military are unstable second and third world countries because a war with anyone else would be complete self destruction . 
   holy shit , the military designed for crushing other militaries is great at wrecking countries . 
  colour me surprised . 
  also , i never said that the us was a humanitarian force for good . 
  it is n't , fucking obviously . 
  but thanks for telling me something irrelevant that the entire planet is already aware of . 
  holy shit , you are really that stupid . 
  what i tried to tell you is that the only things america has achieved with its superpower was destroying said countries and then fighting the following upraise in terrorism all over the world while any other superpower in the world did whatever they wanted without anything close to your military `` superpower '' . 
  all this military might has helped nothing to solve anything of importance . 
  the opposite is true . 
  china grew stronger and stronger and even russia is getting ballsy again . 
  instead of investing into your country you invested into the ability to threaten the powerless . 
  have you noticed how many countries in africa asia and south america actually controlled or strongly influenced by china ? 
  your words are true for western countries . 
  but i 'm sure everyone else does feel quite different about china, 
  the thing about this military is , that beside all its power it only accomplished one thing : costing the us trillions of dollar without achieving anything . 
  do you think afghanistan and iraq is a success story ? 
  really ? 
  because it is n't . 
  there are more terrorists on the lose than at any known point in history . 
  the west is more unsafe than at any point before in terms of terrorism . 
  and the countries invaded suffered millions of death and now are leading the top lists of the most insecure countries in the world . 
  in fact a cruel dictator like saddam would be better for quality of life and general body count than anything this superpower had to offer . 
  the us is a military superpower when it comes to wrecking countries , but not really that much when it comes to achieving something that actually matters for humanity . 
  i 'm pretty sure that soft power would 've been achieved much more . 
  just look at russia and the amount of unrest , regime changes , public influence through propaganda and so on they 're able to produce all over the world . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  i still like forests and living there , together with your animals and your family is not as bad as you might think . 
  the `` huts '' were pretty huge . 
   also : shitting in the woods is actually a nice thing !, 
  maybe beside the fact that you get dirty hands when cleaning up the mess with leafs . 
  :p but since there is always a clean little river somewhere , its ok . also : there were no steppe hordes in the german forest !, 
  so i 'm quite sure that the poland part is wrong !, 
  hehehe !, 
  i 'm very proud that my ancestors were no part of this very detailed map and were able to resist !, 
  :p seems like they loved their privacy already back then !, 
  we do n't need to exaggerate . 
  a simple `` you follow my orders or you go to jail '' would be more than enough to get trump under control if you give him us-presidency as a bonus . 
  if you consider that he is a narcissist and sees himself as a big-player i 'm pretty sure he would consider himself able to control the situation even while being black mailed . 
  this would also fit quite well to the things this dude christopher steele said some weeks ago . 
  or he is just a puppet . 
  that would mean the smart man behind him would be vladimir putin . 
  a man that would be more than able to make sure trump get 's what he needs by incriminating trumps opponents and manipulating the press exactly as he wants . 
  in that case such a trade war would be exactly what we have to expect . 
  i 'm not as sure as you that this would make any difference . 
  trump is no rational human being . 
  there is nothing illusory about her dominance , if you consider that she is planning a british future together with trump and putin . 
  two parties who would love to weaken the eu at all cost . 
  its no coincidence that she waited with triggering brexit until trump is in power . 
  soon we no longer talk about single market but `` you do what we want or you pay 35 % tax on everything exported to the usa ! '' . 
  since people are pussies they are most likely going to do everything to keep the peace . 
  the problem with that logic is that those killers would be trump supporters today . 
  seems like putin is already big enough threat to anyone that the promise to become his friend is a reason to vote for russian puppets . 
  its like voting for a rapist because you want to protect yourself from getting raped . 
  but this does n't matter . 
  this is not about a long and effective war . 
  its about incineration of little source of instability . 
  the eu has to deal with so many of this little sources that it gets weaker and more unstable every time it has to focus its huge bureaucratic apparatus at one of those sources , while russia & friends seems more and more stable and attractive as an ally . 
  this is about increasing the sphere of russian influence by forcing the eu to make deals with them while they go on and drive wedge after wedge in our relationships . 
  sorry , but that just is n't real . 
  you blame us for the huge spendings of the us military , while the truth is , that you spent all those money in various conflicts that have nothing to do with nato at all . 
  the nato would be still more than strong enough if the us would cut down their military spendings by 50 % . 
  its your countries choice to intervene all over the world . 
  it has n't made the world more secure or helped europe in any way . 
  the opposite is the truth . 
  this nato-2 % - crybaby-bullshit is just lame and stupid populism with not the slightest bit of truth in it that is used to weaken the nato and brought into position by the russian puppet d.j. 
  there was a vote and it was never a clear as you claim . 
  so maybe the guys in you echo chamber hate the eu as much as you say , but not everyone , that 's for sure . 
  the vote could have easily gone into a different direction , for example if the eu would have been better prepared for all that populism for the stupid masses from ukip & her nazis friends . 
  is n't that how they got rich in the first place ? 
  :d i 'm pretty sure that not all of the needed child factories in africa !, 
  this is nothing put a label to describe that a person is coming from a certain country . 
  it 's not of any use to describe if the person is good , bad , ugly , bald , stupid , smart or anything like that . 
  by calling a murderer a kosovar you are implying that all kosovars are murderers . 
  that is not only stupid but a also classical sign of a propaganda victim . 
  just the way they ca n't openly help the separatists from the donbas region ? 
  a few `` mercenaries '' here and there , and the situation will get hot very quickly . 
  if you do n't want to say something , do n't do it . 
  you chose the words , not me . 
  where do you get that globalist vibe from ? 
  is that because you already categorized me as `` enemy '' and because i 'm a enemy i must be an globalist , because they are your enemies too ? 
  categorization of people is your thing , is n't it ? 
  does this make the world easier to understand for you ? 
  the moment a weapon is picked up to shoot the hated neighbour russia got exactly what they wanted . 
  and is there any reason to know anything about the thoughts of a puppet ? 
  you really should reconsider your view on the world .
