  just yesterday , after all that talk that greece supported china i went to greek restaurant around the corner , drank an ouzo with the boss and got myself an huge plate of souvlaki & kalamari . 
  seriously , there is no hate . 
  we really like your culture , your food and the people . 
  it 's my favourite holiday destination , too . 
  and i really hope you 'll be fine , soon and that the things sch\u00e4uble is doing will help you . 
  please , do n't take sch\u00e4ubles tone or the press too serious . 
  welcome to the eu army !, 
  you are a bad person !, 
  and i bet you 're ugly , too !, 
   fcas so ... tell us a bit more about those interesting new secret weapons in development !, 
  maybe you can also answer why we have nothing like the ac-130 for efficient infantry dismantlement !, 
  not so sure . 
  our car-manufacturers have suppliers all over europe . 
  the criteria why something is produced somewhere is different , sure , but why should n't we be able to do the same and distribute that fairly ? 
  such a tank is made of thousands of single parts that all need to be manufactured somewhere . 
  i 'm sure that can be fairly split among all countries who want to participate . 
  hehe . 
  nice imagery to go to bed with . 
  not . 
  is that the reason they hate underwear ? 
  but nonetheless we hear a lot more of it then for example from the bible . 
  there are details interpreted different . 
  but nothing with such an impact on daily life like the different interpretations of the quran . 
  to me it looks like the word of god has been blurred by the word of a lot of humans - from very good to very bad . 
  yeah . 
  the heat makes braining extremely chewy . 
  so , someone farted ? 
  not sure if this is sarcasm , though . 
  i think it 's more of a really bad joke . 
  what about sucking dicks ? 
  on the other side , just like in the bible you 'll always find someone to interpret it in the way you 'd like . 
  i bet they 'd welcome it to end this shit-show already . 
  we could also finally free the scots from centuries of enslavement and bad food . 
  no need to go anywhere , when you 're still at peace with everyone !, 
  rpg means rocket propelled gun and actually is a anti tank gun . 
  you can also load it with a grenade and some other things . 
  but that would penetrate no tank . 
  milan or even worse something like javelin would be extremely tough to block , though . 
  maybe the ukraine could buy a few dozen ac 130 . 
  heard they 're pretty good against infantry !, 
  why should we go to miami ? 
  we are blamed of appeasing russia , buying their gas and have no relevant military . 
  but nonetheless you assume we would be nuked , too , even if we are n't any real threat . 
  sounds more like - if we 'd betray all our allies - like they obviously assume , we 'd be pretty save !, 
   2a7 + well , wikipedia says different : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leopard_2#leopard_2a7.2b  the leopard 2a7 + is designed to operate both in low intensity and high intensity conflicts . 
  [ 133 ] the tank 's protection has been increased by modular armour ; the frontal protection has been improved with a dual-kit on the turret and hull front , while 360 \u00b0 protection against rpgs and mine protection increase the survivability of the tank in urban operations . 
  [ 133 ] so , actually the + means exactly what i said . 
  but you 're right . 
  the shorter gun is on the leopard 2 pso , not on the 2a7 + . 
  they want to be a part of the single market with more then 400 million peoples living in it . 
  it does not help much if london is a tax haven , if they pay loads of taxes to the eu because they operate from london . 
  i 'm not talking about 200 $ drones from your lidl , though . 
  a discussion about this topic is shut down even harder . 
  words like `` relativism '' are used regularly to shut any opposition down , while all we want is to be seen like we are , not like some of us acted 70 years ago . 
  but mary jane and those shrooms and herbs would be a pretty nice `` bonus law '' , too !, 
  no , i do n't think they can be trusted . 
  i would maybe trust merkel that he has at least some good intention . 
  but if this becomes a `` military tradition '' like in the us it can quickly get out of control in the future . 
  otherwise : democracy seems to reduce this problem relatively effective to a bearable size . 
  it get 's dangerous when people actually starts to reduce democracy and the population is used to go to war regularly . 
  so you can prevent a russian stealth drone , delivering a small package filled with some side-arms and a old sniper rifle , from coming into your country ? 
  and you can prevent them from being picked up by some spetsnaz-dudes waiting for them on the day before a protest is happening ? 
  thats interesting . 
  i 'm still not sure why it is so hard to free donetsk . 
  why is n't the west answering with the same tactics putin uses ? 
  by the insertion of false flag troops that kick those dudes out of existence ? 
  i agree . 
  propaganda is a bad thing . 
  but sadly our modern world is by far too complex to unify a country on a topic enough to get a democratic majority without at least a bit of propaganda . 
  otherwise - for example on the topic of putin - you constantly have to fight groups like `` putin-versteher '' , who believe that it was our mistake that putin started to attack ukraine , because we started to built military bases in his neighbourhood . 
  a diversified press with even more opinions on all topics is nice for freedom and peace , but very bad if you want to convince people to shoot each-other . 
  those minorities are the most dangerous parts in my opinion . 
  a agent provocateur shoots some of those russian dudes during a protest and suddenly russia needs to protect their compatriots . 
  you ca n't even stop to obstruct while you 're on your way out : https://euobserver.com/institutional/135134 in this case they simply do n't want an eu army - even if everyone else seems to think this is a good idea - because they 'd love to use their army for brexit negotiations . 
  you know , in the style of `` you get protection , we get a better deal '' . 
  to me a big part of britain never really was interested in the eu . 
  they did like the benefits , especially the single market . 
  but real unification of europe ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  yeah , it 's hard to understand for every country that is not germany . 
  it 's a mix of being educated to feel guilt for ww2 and getting still regularly blamed for all the things that happened back then . 
  even if its called `` humour '' , nobody will ever laugh about it . 
  guess why ? 
  since that is basically the only kind of jokes we hear from - for example - britain they even think we have no humour or think we are `` sore losers '' . 
  and when you talk about why there are so many proto-german villains in film and tv shows you get the answer `` but there are many from britain , too . 
  just because they sound so sophisticated !, 
  can you believe that ? '' . 
  they do n't even get the idea that one thing is being subconsciously equalized by almost everyone with crazy maniacs , killing millions and millions , while the other thing is just a stereotype about `` smart brits '' . 
  but since it 's basically everywhere , while coke is not allowed , this could change that problem a bit !, 
  yeah , i read that , too . 
  20 marders , 6 leopard and many transport vehicles . 
  thats what i mean with blurry . 
  the marders are stone old but can shoot relatively modern missiles . 
  the leopards in pfreimd are seemingly 2a6 . 
  so also not the most modern . 
  but that does n't help too much to identify their `` real '' mission . 
  marders can be equipped with many different things , for example like anti-air missiles . 
  especially the transport vehicles would be interesting . 
  normally they are multi-platform vehicles and can be equipped with different kinds of reconnaissance equipment . 
  but i do n't see anything .
