  it always was a cultural holiday with lots of hiking for me and my family . 
  we 've only been to the beach after a whole day of hiking or a long bike-travel to some kind of archeological excavation or natural monument ( i still think the samaria gorge is one of the most beautiful places in europe ) . 
  we did n't even take breakfast . 
  we always had bungalows or apartments with a kitchen in them so we could buy our own food at the local stores and the fish market . 
  my father always got up at 5-6 o'clock to get some fresh fish and bread . 
  i still dream about it because the food was so good . 
  i also went to a turkish all inclusive 5 star hotel . 
  all we got was cheap booze and low quality cocktails . 
  and the buffet was n't really extraordinary , too . 
  there also were markets with faked brand cloth and watches everywhere . 
  it all had an general atmosphere of low quality . 
  it was not bad , but greece was a cultural and culinarian paradise in comparison . 
  what is this newspaper ? 
  some kind of propaganda rag ? 
  i dont get it . 
  so much bullshit without any kind of backup or source . 
  sounds like it has been completely made up by someone on a very strange drug . 
  even only mildly intelligent people like the turkish government should know : one crime is n't justifing another . 
  there are many differences . 
  but this differences do n't make millions of people scum . 
  or one human better than another . 
  i think nationality is a idea that only exists in your brain because you like to set yourself apart from other people . 
  i do n't know how it is where you life . 
  but at my place we do n't only talk bad about foreigners . 
  we have so much local patriotism that we not only mock about other countries or other federal states . 
  even the next town is full of thieves and scum . 
  we call the town 2 kilometers away `` a bunch of highwayman '' because it is said that they robbed everything that passed through their town - 200 years ago . 
  some years ago - pre internet - there were still regular mass-brawls between the youth of both towns , because they hated each other so much . 
  and they had no contact at all to each other . 
  think about how it was 100 years ago , without cars , trains or planes . 
  the longest journey you made in your life was maybe a 100-200km and you needed a week or so . 
  everything more than 20km away was called `` far away '' and they did n't even see someone from the ukraine or even from 200km away for their whole life . 
  thats why they hated eachother to the blood . 
  in fact so much that war was nearly normal in europe for thousands of years . 
  what is that telling you about the value nationalism ? 
  people always find someone to hate . 
  sounds like a political campaign . 
  they catched someone with relations to isis and now built a huge success from it . 
  i ca n't believe that any terrorist would even consider to attack d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  they are after national symbols . 
  and there is nothing in d\u00fcsseldorf i would consider a target . 
  this is so stupid . 
  you know what ? 
  german is a country with 16 federal states . 
  and we say exactly the same stupid bullshit like you about each other . 
  bavaria is mocking about the poor north or the lazy nazi-scum in the east who just takes money out of their pockets and the north is mocking about bavaria because they are religious backward fundamentalists . 
  grow up man and start to recognize that humans always search for someone to blame . 
  its a part of evolution . 
  it lays in their fucking genes to believe that they are better than their neighbors . 
  get over your prehistoric mindset . 
  he is set in place by elected governments . 
  and all he does is talking . 
  he has no power over anything . 
  nonetheless you see something like hitler in him . 
  keep saying that . 
  every time one person more starts to believe its true . 
  thats how your kind of democracy works . 
  telling stupid people stupid things and hope that 50 % of them will believe it and vote for it !, 
   there are lots of reasons for wars . 
  there are even civil wars . 
  if political unions were guarantors of peace , there would be no such thing as civil wars . 
  this `` many '' reasons all boil down to `` i want '' . 
  and look at the usa if you look for a nice example of a political union . 
  when did they have the last civil war ? 
  first they got rid of you , then they got rid of the slavers of the south . 
  and then ? 
  strongest nation on earth . 
  there are many big countries that consist out of many smaller countries . 
   who 's `` we '' ? 
  i 've never been consulted on this , nor have most europeans . 
  `` we '' have never built anything . 
  the eu has always been an elitist little clique that does whatever the hell it likes , regardless of whether they 're carrying out the will of the people . 
  strange . 
  i always had that feeling when thinking about britain . 
  a elitist little country full of elitists monarchist fucks that love their little elitist societies and clubs . 
  a country who thinks it knows everything better than the rest of the eu bringing it into opposition to nearly everything . 
   clearly you have no idea about our motivations for leaving the eu . 
  and i think there is not one motivation . 
  such a thing does not exist in democracy . 
  everyone has it 's own reasons , even if your politicians create a different impression . 
  one person has lost his job . 
  another one wants more money . 
  and a third one hates brown skinned people . 
  and 10 other people are dumb as shit and believe everything that is being told to them on tv . 
  the thing that all have in common is that they blame the eu for this problems . 
  and this leads to my `` romanticized view on history '' theory . 
  you all seem to think `` everything was better when we were on our own '' . 
  or how would you come to the conclusion the solution is to leave the eu if you would n't think you could do it better on your own ? 
  national interests and egocentrism where the reason for nearly any war that was waged in human history . 
  and you want to go back to this stupidity . 
  and the absurdity is : if you have even the slightest bit of success you are going to give every single right wing government or party a hammer and chisel and the ability to shatter the very foundation of the european union . 
  i 'm no fanatic at all . 
  but thats why this topic makes me salty , too . 
  extremely salty . 
  i do n't think you are traitors because you want to do it on your own or because you think you can do it better then anyone else . 
  i think you would be traitors because you put everything at risk we - all europeans - tried to built . 
  and all that for purely egocentric reasons and a overly romanticized view on your own history and greatness as a empire . 
   what do you think of isis ? 
  i 'm not sure but would saying : `` they 're bad but they killed much less civilians then the country i 've just arrived at in the last years '' be a problem ? 
  sure .
