  do you think internet companies are included in trade-goods ? 
  also do n't forget china . 
  when a ipad is produced in china and sold in the eu : do you think this trade will be counted as trade with the us ? 
  most of those goods today are produced in china and then sold somewhere else . 
  why are this things not included in this trade numbers ? 
  also : there are lots and lots of american companies over here . 
  mcdonalds , burger king , subway , coca cola , pepsi , microsoft and countless more . 
  do you really think if you count all this companies , which are since a long time a part of our daily life , this should count for nothing ? 
  because last time i looked - beside our cars - and i think trader joes or something , there is a much smaller share of german companies in the us . 
  so if reality is that our market is much more intertwined than trump suggests and american companies dominate many segments of our economy and america is earning very good with that : why does he complain ? 
  what do you think how normal dude would read that ? 
  again : we talk about trust . 
   did you watch the romanian/us press conference ? 
  he reaffirmed his support for article 5 right there , because it was never about nato itself . 
  yes , i saw it . 
  and it calmed my tits a little bit !, 
  i mean i was in the bundeswehr myself , and was from the beginning a friend of doing more against isis and so on . 
  i supported those 2 % and an effective army that participates not only in defensive operations from the beginning . 
  maybe putting a bit of fear into merkel could be the right thing to do . 
  but i highly doubt it . 
  she can become very stubborn , especially as a reaction to threats , however subtle they are . 
  the tone against may 's government has changed rapidly , after she put out a few . 
  and i also think she 'd prefer to wait a bit for that to happen . 
  those refugees are not that cheap . 
  some talk about a sum 25-45 billions a year . 
  despite trumps believe did we not invite them . 
  some of us were nice to them after they crossed the border . 
  and all what merkel said was that we are following our law and when a refugee crosses the border , we will act accordingly . 
  next day in the guardian : `` mama merkel ! '', 
  please do n't even get me started on that . 
  we could discuss this for a week without getting anywhere . 
  nonetheless it would be nice to see that as what it is : money spent for the war in syria . 
  and when we ask for help we 're mocked and told `` keep those brown dudes away from us ! '' . 
   i 'm just noticing a pattern with polls like this and the words or deeds of your leaders . 
  i never said germans were bad , just that i was mistaken in thinking we had so much in common . 
  the `` bad '' part is a citation from trump . 
  he called germans `` bad , really bad '' while talking about bmw . 
  you seem to have a reasonable explanation for all of that crude behavior . 
  and i accept that there may be a reasonable explanation for his actions that does n't mean he is planning our doom , and to crush the eu into little pieces , back into our very dark days of thousands of years of constant war . 
  but you must also accept that it 's very alienating to be trolled and insulted by him all day , while he congratulates erdogan and duterte . 
  maybe this is this kind of diplomacy ? 
  `` you can only make peace with your enemy '' and so on . 
  but again : this thread is about trust . 
  he is still learning the job . 
  maybe at one point he stops to act like a bull in the china shop . 
  because this is diplomacy , not doing business . 
  people react different to a loudmouth , depending on their culture . 
  btw : the trust was as high as 80 % as long as obama was president . 
  so i do n't think its true we have not much in common . 
  truth is we may not have much in common with trump and his fans , though . 
  but if you look at your own trust ratings , this is also true for the american population . 
  because it was also at about 20 % trust in the government last time i looked !, 
  because i know not very much about how the us government is built , i can only tell you the impression is very different the other way around . 
  in our press it 's all about the president , sometimes about one of his ministers or the vp . 
  but thanks to this presentation i get the impression that he is the most important and central figure . 
  i think it 's the nature of the press of both our countries , who focuses on the head of state and do n't really talk about what everyone else is doing , to place the leader in the center of all attention merkel has certainly some power . 
  but i have the impression that she has much more obstacles before anything is happening . 
  she ca n't for example just send troops anywhere . 
  they all have to vote on it . 
  so there is a vote on anything and she has for example no right to veto something she does n't like . 
  i 'm also pretty sure she cant give out any executive orders, 
  so i 'm detached when you do n't even read the articles ? 
  so let me quickly debunk that shit . 
   he congratulated erdogan on his success like he congratulates every leader on their success . . 
  he congratulated erdogan not as he `` congratulates '' every leader . 
  this was no election . 
  he congratulates him for a vote that is ** turning his country from a democracy into a autocracy ** . 
  what a success . 
  i understand why he likes that idea , though . 
   trump is only saying that if you expect to make the cars outside of the us and bring them in , you can do so with a 35 % tariff . 
  that 's a all out lie . 
  he blamed bmw with completely made up bullshit , while bmw has moved nothing out of the us . 
  did you even read more then the first line of the article ? 
  there is even an citation . 
  reality is they moved it from south africa to mexico , while south africa produces something else . 
  so they started a entirely new factory in mexico and invested a fucking billion in spartanburg at the same time . 
  bad , really bad . 
   that 's not an ` article 5 threat ' . 
  it 's obvious he supports nato or he would n't be there . 
  the reason he declined to affirm is because it signals that it does n't matter whether they meet spending goals or not , which would undermine his message . 
  i get it , he wants those 2 % now . 
  nonetheless it was taken as a threat , because he broke with a long going tradition . 
  as if military equipment and personnel grows on trees . 
  he jumps to passive aggressive threats before he even start to talk about something . 
  what a great leader . 
  article 5 has a long tradition . 
  it 's not the end of the world , but its a part of a mosaic that displays a disturbing , unsettling picture . 
   i 'm starting to feel the exact same way about germans . 
  i 'm sure about that . 
  a single german annoys you , and automatically all germans are bad . 
  generalizing and simplification is a thing for you , is n't it ? 
  something you have in common with your great leader . 
  but you took nothing down . 
  just came up with some random crap , with most of it not even relevant to the linked articles . 
  is that how you get the feeling to be right ? 
  so first he said nothing , then you defend him ? 
  i 'm sorry , but my experience is that discussing anything with trump fans leads nowhere . 
  you see his loudmouth politics . 
  and you see the trust of german population in this person dropping . 
  if you blame the germans losing trust in a person who is shaming them in public , insulting their leader and threatening them with all kind of made up bullshit , then you life on a planet i do n't want have any contact to .
