  at least i was a soldier in the army , specifically as a scout in a mountain artillery corps . 
  i know how artillery operates and how fucking easily it can be countered and taken out if you bring in the right equipment . 
  it works perfectly if you want to shell only infantry on food , 30km away . 
  but if your enemy brings radar and a drone to the battlefield , you wo n't survive longer than a few minutes . 
  twenty years ago we already were able to calculate the exact position of enemy artillery with nothing but the flight trajectory of a artillery shell . 
  its funny that you call schnitzel , kotlet , because a kotelett is normally a piece of pork with a bone in it . 
  i think poland got something wrong while trying to steal that dish !, 
  that is a pretty stupid conclusion . 
  this only works in a civil-war-style conflict , where any weapon is superior to a fighter with a old ak47 . 
  a conflict that only would be necessary in finland if your whole military would be disbanded . 
  would you order more jets if russia had attacked with cluster bombings ? 
   if you are worried about the spread of websites that rely on outrage-journalism and the people 's desire to see their opinions validated , should n't you encourage more and not less debate ? 
  more and not less transparent sources/studies/whatever ? 
  it 's not your government or the eu 's job to shield people from bad information . 
  i , for one , make sure i call out bad/misleading information wherever i see a circlejerk . 
  if a friend/family member/colleague shares an article from a `` fake news '' website , i make sure they have the counterpoint . 
  i 'm pretty sure one day you will get tired of this endless discussions . 
  don quijotes fight will be nothing compared to this . 
  its like weeding a huge garden . 
  you do n't even reach the end , before you have to start again . 
  and how can you ever be sure to be right without checking your behaviour over and over again ? 
  and what if those dirty enemy of yours also start to play internet police , but including their political agenda ? 
  i also see no big difference from trying to play internet police to any other kind of vigilante justice . 
  there is a reason why civilization prefers to submit to a states rule and to create guidelines for daily life . 
  80 years ago , for example : there was n't any kind of speed limit in cities . 
  i 'm pretty sure many people fought against their right to drive as fast as possible . 
   not to mention that the whole fight against `` fake news '' is silly . 
  the whole term is incredibly loose and easily abused by the powers of the day . 
  i see nothing loose or silly in this term . 
  it 's abused by everyone . 
  but the term itself is very clean . 
  it describes news that are fake . 
  it can not get any easier . 
  if you submit to the fact that trump befouls it with his general dirtiness it 's not the fault of the term . 
  :p  think about it this way : the people who do n't care about the counter arguments now will become even more closeminded and fanatical when you let the government tell them what news is real and what 's propaganda . 
  let the idiots be idiots and do n't root for laws that will turn them into useful idiots . 
  but we are not talking about `` the government telling them something '' . 
  we are talking about link aggregation and summarization ( at least i hope so ) . 
  i think the internet would be a much cleaner and better place if the whole practice goes out of business . 
  and o also would n't need to tell my mom three times a week that these articles on facebook are full of shit . 
  in fact i see not the slightest downside for a normal person , beside changing behaviour a little bit . 
  please remember : i 'm not talking about sharing a hyperlink with your friends or on reddit but about professional and automatical aggregation und summarization . 
  just look on facebook to get what this means . 
  if you follow this analogy usa will be united with mexico in about 40-50 years . 
   `` fake news '' or `` sites that repackage news '' are never mentioned as an intended target , that 's incorrect . 
  they are not the only target , but they will be targeted , too . 
  any damage done to them as a side effect would be a great achievement . 
   it 's also not about `` taxation '' in any way . 
  that 's right . 
  taxation is only one way to counter-balance this . 
  and a pretty effective way , because all this aggregators want is to earn money without doing anything . .  the argument is that by linking to news with tiny snippets ( e.g. 
  an image , the headline ) they are unfairly profiting off news content -- i 'd argue they are instead advertising it . 
  at the very least , the relationship is symbiotic . 
  a recent article i read says exactly the opposite . 
  most people on reddit only read headlines and summaries and never the real article behind the aggregating website . 
  so this aggregators - like reddit - take away a huge part of the actual traffic of the news site . 
  this behavior is a huge problem and also abused by many reddit users . 
  they summarize articles in a way that is true but gives a wrong impression of the articles content at the same time . 
  this summarization nearly always follows a political or financial agenda and is a huge source of fake news on the internet . 
  i would love to live there . 
  but only if i get at least 200mbit internet connection . 
  this gets annoying . 
  i do n't know how often i 've seen this . 
  this is lobbying for companies that want an bigger financial share of any link click by not paying taxes , while they are n't contributing anything to the site that provides the content . 
  it does not help the normal internet user in any way . 
  do n't confuse big words like `` press publishers '' and `` sites that share news '' with actual newspapers made by professional journalists . 
  what we are talking about are sites that repackage news to put it for example on social media sites or that answer to search engines . 
  this also includes the industry that professionally produces fake news . 
  in my opinion this sites are parasites anyway and reduce the overall quality of the internet extremely . 
  taxation ca n't be high enough . 
  i think you are overthinking this a bit . 
  there is no `` german '' leverage in use at all , when a state officer from germany calls tunesia and ask 's `` is this your dude ? '', 
  and the tunesian side has the order to say no , especially if this dude is a known criminal . 
  its the job of our politicians to bring this leverage in position , if necessary . 
  i only hope we 're not going to gift just another billion to a random country that is not willing to help us otherwise . 
  good point !, 
  let 's save iceland !, 
  the only thing i checked were ecological measurements and then stopped . 
  and this rating is nothing but stupid . 
  `` reforestation since 1992 '' is a quarter of the rating . 
  but what if no reforestation was necessary at all ? 
  a country sucks at this even if it has huge forests and does not need any kind of reforestation because they never stopped caring for them ? 
  and where are the renewable energy sources , the recycling and what not ? 
  this seems to be a highly artificial `` index '' solely created for propaganda reasons . 
  vw is the biggest car producer in the world . 
  seeing it not as competition would be super stupid . 
  and nobody said they did n't cheat . 
  but the resulting damage was none existant for the car user . 
  there was no loss in power and they did n't use more fuel . 
  environmental damage can not be compensated by giving every car user 15-45 .000 $ . 
  believing that would be also super stupid . 
  so instead of formulating a sentence to compensate the damage done to the environment the opposite is going to happen . 
  or what do you think is going to happen with these cars ? 
  so what these `` judges '' did was not bringing justice . 
  they did nothing else than trying to inflict maximum damage . 
  the environmental damage was the reason for the sentence , but nothing was done to compensate this environmental damage . 
  and that is the best proof that this whole lawsuit was not about the environment at all . 
  it is a result of classic lobbying and the resulting corruption everywhere . 
  sorry , but i would never believe this is about `` being concerned about consumer rights '' . 
  this is solely about competition .
