  `` you are whinning '' now says the dude in a threat where a polish dude started to whine about it . 
  `` for you '' says the dude , while his countries ignores a treaty signed by all eu countries . 
  you are delusional . 
  you chose to be fucked over , because you made the decision to support ukraine and give a fuck about germany . 
  it was solidarity to offer you to built this pipeline through poland . 
  but you denied , because wanted to be the big player and to push to support a countries government that was openly stealing from us for about 10 years . 
  a country that did n't want to stop stealing after asking it again and again . 
  so do n't expect solidarity or pitty now . 
  good for you , that you did n't say eu . 
  yes , but since when does `` valid criticism '' convince any of her followers ? 
  i mean their most popular news source is the sun and the daily mail . 
  are you sure that talking to them in full sentences would change anything ? 
  she choose trump as her lover . 
  no need for being constructive or respectful . 
  i 'm afraid the time of political correctness is over !, 
  i just got through all this points with the other dude . 
  i see no need to start over and say the same again and again . 
  so qatar is a friend of iran . 
  and qatar is a sponsor of isis . 
  and ... ah what ever . 
  it 's just too complicated for me . 
  anyway : my condolences !, 
  high speed internet you say ? 
  how fast is high speed ? 
  ah , i miss the good times of ww2 , when we designed dozens of new tanks or improved versions every year . 
  please . 
  i do n't talk about money . 
  sure , some of his actions are smaller and on its own negligible . 
  but the sum of actions is n't . 
  they are pointing into a very clear direction . 
  and supporting brexit is not hostile against the eu on its own . 
  but supporting it with a agenda in mind indeed could be , especially if someone has no vote on it , but convinces other on a large scale through the press , fake news or whatever . 
  trump and putin would prefer a weak eu , instead of a economic powerhouse . 
  brexit is going to weaken us and even may lead to more countries leaving in the future . 
  sorry , i thought this difference is clear . 
  it 's just as i said in the beginning . 
  it 's all about what you 'd allow to be a hostile action . 
  since there is no public definition of what is to be called a `` hostile action '' i follow or know of , let me explain my position . 
  for me a hostile action is any kind of active work by a government official against europes best interests no matter in what scale . 
  maybe in that way we do n't need to talk about what we should call hostile and what not . 
  because that kind of conversation can become very exhausting . 
  yes , it 's the government . 
  i admit that . 
  but by voting for them it creates the impression people also support them . 
  and on this subreddit this impression is similar . 
  you just need to read the comments in this threat . 
  it 's easy to get the impression there is a lot of germanophobia and very little love for us in poland . 
  does that mean i 'm a woman ? 
  well ... shit !, 
  poland . 
  we should ask russia if we can buy their stuff . 
  i heard their new tank is good . 
  i think its ok if they site with both of us today !, 
  no need for any siding any-more . 
  and we need to be realistic . 
  they were n't even able to overcome their fear/hate of abortions or gay people until now . 
  it will take a while until they overcome their hate of germany . 
  i do n't know ... spain is harvesting a lot of fruits and veggis in those german plantations lately : http://info.arte.tv/de/spanien-im-treibhaus-schuften, 
  huh ... ? 
  never heard of this , either . 
  do n't talk bullshit . 
  janukowytsch is gone and the times in ukraine have changed . 
  we all should support them wherever possible . 
  but do n't touch our fucking gas pipeline . 
  it 's almost complete and it 's costing us billions . 
  they stole gas and closed down the pipeline for blackmailing . 
  criminal . 
  and how on earth can you believe janukowytsch & friends were no kleptocrats ? 
  sounds a bit like ** you ** are the one lying to your self to justify siding with them . 
  i really hope she is going to lose . 
  i see no hope of good relations with uk and a fair , peacefully negotiated brexit deal for both sites with this frigid , opportunistic cow in government . 
  sounds more like envy and your opinion about what you deserve then a objective , relevant argument . 
  again : you had the choice for being a part of this `` guaranteed uninterrupted service '' . 
  but you thought staying loyal to the criminal regime of ukraine - no matter if they were stealing gas or not - is more important than taking site with germany . 
  what you really wanted was germany being a part of this network to blackmail us into a confrontation with russia whenever you or ukraine needs it . 
  and we were even stupid enough to give poland this tool , as long as ukraine is left out . 
  nonetheless you chose to support your ukrainian bros. . and now you complain because we gave you a hearty `` fuck you '' . 
  btw , there is no reason for envy . 
  have you looked recently at this ? 
  and they get milked like a cow . 
  so what do you complain about ? 
  because we we 're able to get one good deal for a energy source that 's a bit cheaper in european comparison ? 
  i like how you wilfully forget that germany is also depending on russian gas and we feel the same political pressure like you . 
  it 's only you , you , you all the time . 
  can you explain why you do n't care about germany but prefer to site with in this dispute ukraine ? 
  why do you pick a site in a reflex reaction automatically with the gas thieves and oligarchs ? 
  because they are your bros ? 
  ww2 all over again ? 
  so you do n't care about germany getting screwed since 1994 . 
  but at the same time expect us to care for non-eu-countries , ruled by oligarchic thieves , because you like them more than russia ? 
  got ta love that mindset . 
  this bullshit again . 
  at that time ukraine was equally hostile against germany as russia towards ukraine . 
  remember janukowytsch & friends ? 
  - ukraine stole gas from this pipeline since 1994 , which lead to less gas arriving in germany and gas shortages during winter . 
  - ukraine closed down the gas pipeline 2009 during winter . 
  - russia did so , too . 
  because ukraine stole gas and did not pay their bills . 
  the conclusion is that at this point in time , when ukraine was ruled by janukowytsch & friends , there was no reason to show any solidarity for ukraine . 
  to get a better deal with russia they cared zero about households in germany being out of gas and therefore had no heating .
