  the eu , as it turns 65 , is showing grave sclerosis , and voices -- nationalist , populist , and sometimes xenophobic -- are calling for its dissolution . 
  the moment has thus come , if it has not already passed , to prune the dead wood of the tree to save the trunk . 
  the european union 's original mission was more political than economic , as were its greatest successes . 
  the union was designed to put an end to perpetual conflict between france and germany . 
  it succeeded , ending a millennium of intra-european wars in the process . 
  the union also brilliantly helped eastern european countries quickly transition from decades of russian tutelage following the disintegration of the soviet union . 
  in parallel to the political project , over the decades , europeans created an integrated economic space , culminating in the adoption of a single currency at the turn of the millennium . 
  the problem is that , over time , the economic dimension of the european project has overtaken its political and cultural aspects . 
  losing sight of all that europe could be , the poorest regions and members came to see the union as a giant atm . 
  the richest believed it to be a money pit for their taxes . 
  the united kingdom , more than anyone else , has been aware of those tensions and has exploited them since the days of margaret thatcher . 
  by doing so , it has reinforced public perceptions that membership in the union is a zero-sum game , especially when money is tight . 
  the united kingdom 's position in europe was always uncomfortable . 
  during the 1960s , its accession to the common market was repeatedly vetoed by french president charles de gaulle , who denounced london as a trojan horse for washington 's interference . 
  in reality , de gaulle feared that british membership would dilute paris ' influence . 
  the europe he envisioned was built around a franco-german axis dominated by france , if only because of all the restrictions imposed on germany after wwii . 
  but with de gaulle out of power , membership came for the united kingdom in 1973 , and with it came the triangular relationship that the french and germans finally accepted with relief . 
  germany dreaded france 's excessive ambitions , including breaking away from nato 's unified command and embarking on grandiose industrial projects -- one of which , the airbus group , owes its ultimate success to german realism . 
  as for france , the recession of 1973 marked the beginning of continuous economic decline in relation to germany , who also became demographically dominant when its eastern and western halves reunified in 1990 . 
  when it needed to , paris could ally with london to stand up to bonn -- later berlin -- as it did recently in the war in libya . 
  throughout , the united kingdom remained a marginal partner , but the price it exacted for its arbitrage was exorbitant , including exemptions from membership rules -- the united kingdom stayed out of schengen , out of the euro -- and financial concessions to boot -- the infamous british rebate on dues , negotiated by margaret thatcher , that has applied every year since 1985 . 
  in the process , london 's approach to europe scuttled any momentum toward federalism , turning a project that aspired to strong political union into nothing more than an ever-enlarging free market . 
  the united kingdom was not alone in exploiting the situation , and this is where the case for brexit echoes last year 's case for grexit . 
  greece , an underdeveloped country that joined the eu in 1981 , has used the union foremost as a source of foreign aid and , when the euro was adopted , of almost free loans guaranteed by the union 's richer members . 
  it was a flagrant abuse of the spirit of the union , but greece was economically marginal . 
  its profligacy went unremarked until the global economic meltdown that began in 2007 . 
  even then , ever opposed to grexit , the union decided to throw good money after bad rather than set a precedent for departure from the eurozone . 
  eurocrats have met brexit with the same anxiety , handing british prime minister david cameron yet more special treatment for the united kingdom -- only in britain would recent eu migrants be denied access to welfare and other benefits -- and put yet more nails in the federalist coffin . 
  the hope was that those concessions , coupled with a massive campaign of economic fearmongering , into which the imf and even u.s. president barack obama were drafted , would sway british voters to stay in the union . 
  whether those efforts have paid off will become apparent on june 23 , when voters across the united kingdom go to the polls . 
  the british , who have stymied europe for decades , now have a chance to set it free . 
  if anything , the greek crisis has shown that greater federalism is the only way forward for europe , because monetary decisions related to the euro should be backed up by fiscal policies , which should be approved by union-wide democratic consultation . 
  in some respects , the eu looks a lot like the united states , with some areas of productive brilliance -- silicon valley , which is akin to germany 's mittelstand -- subsidizing deadbeats elsewhere . 
  but the united states , for all its local particularism , is still a country with a nation that accepts that taxes from california will pay for public schools in mississippi . 
  it is that redistributive logic that makes a commonwealth and that , in europe , the greeks have abused and the british have denied . 
  and this is why europe would be better off without them . 
  mississippi may never become another silicon valley , but because the united states is one country , there is no fundamental reason why it should not . 
  europe is different , because claims of national distinctiveness -- traditionally , the french never work on sundays -- thwart the dissemination of efficiency-related best practices -- like opening stores on sundays . 
  germans may not be too keen on dominical work either , but there is no question that germany 's overall socioeconomic model is more efficient than france 's . 
  and yet , a sovereign french government has struggled for decades to push forward reforms that would increase competitiveness . 
  a federation , especially one dominated by efficient germany yet structurally democratic , would find it easier to disseminate and enforce best practices . 
  but such a project requires more commitment than athens and london are willing to make . 
  quite apart from questions of what the united kingdom will gain from leaving the eu , it is certain that the shock of its departure will deliver much-needed ( if bitter ) medicine to a gravely ill patient . 
  all in all , the benefit that is an opportunity of finally fulfilling the european dream of political union would far exceed the short-term disadvantages of a british secession . 
  the economic shock from brexit is bound to be moderate in comparison to the financial crises of the last decades , from which a resilient global economy recovered . 
  and whatever validation brexit gives to the many voices that push nationalist priorities over continental ones , british secession would also free federal-minded leaders to present voters with a more ambitious , more coherent , and more inspirational project . 
  in short , brexit could be the best thing for europe since the fall of the berlin wall . 
  i can read it without problems . 
  good to know . 
  changes nothing on the argument , though . 
  there is a difference between troop placement and large scale military exercises . 
  germany is increasing budget and already said it is increasing its troop contingents in eastern europe . 
  all steinmeier says , if you watch it in this context : do n't use this troops to provoke the russians . 
  i only know one thing . 
  microsoft is among the most beloved employees in our country since years . 
  and this vote is held by the employees themselves . 
  i trust this vote more then your hearsay-anecdotes . 
  i also think the monsanto-investment is pretty understandable , if i follow your link . 
  they ordered very specific , genetically modified seeds for certain regions in the world like kenia . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are not many companies in the world that are able to provide them beside monsanto . 
  so please take your nebulous , polemic argumentation where the sun never shines and lets agree on the real situation . 
  he needed a company that is able to design seeds to his specific requirements and found it with monsanto . 
  that does not mean he invested in monsanto to allow them to ravage the worlds agriculture economy . 
  because he is a polite and respectable person , has nearly defeated polio and works on defeating malaria by killing malaria-mosquitoes with laz0rs , has lead a company with a very good working-environment for his employees and has nonetheless earned mountains of money . 
  it 's ok . we 're used to idiots hanging up flags . 
  thats sad . 
  especially because they are involved in 2 of them !, 
  i would prefer to make them a nato partner . 
  corruption or missing freedom of press and such things are no problem . 
  just look at turkey . 
  i personally like most russians . 
  they are a bit rough sometimes but generally good guys . 
  but for some reason it does not seem work . 
  why should i be worried ? 
  i 'm just stating the situation . 
  nobody would have to even think about this if we all would be part of one big union . 
  indeed . 
  doing the same as russia , arent you ? 
  bringing over some dudes and then let them vote to be part of russia !, 
   wow , somebody has n't integrated well in the uk . 
  that may be absolutely right for someone living in n\u00fcrnberg / munich . 
   `` have a chip on your shoulder '' in british english  * to seem angry all the time because you think you have been treated unfairly or feel you are not as good as other people * angry all the time may be correct . 
  but treated unfairly ? 
  no , not really . 
  i also do n't care about being good or worse then other people . 
  that was a interesting read , thanks !, 
  let 's get our tinfoil hats on !, 
  they are winning because their brain is fucked up by propaganda created by the murdoch-clique ( the sun ) with ton of support from putin ( nigel farage ) . 
  and how should they withstand ? 
  its in republican-us interest to destabilize the european economy . 
  and putin would love to see us cracked into little pieces , too . 
  to be fair , reality is more like this : beside about 15 % -20 % falling for this mostly stupid propaganda for the brain dead ( sun , farage & co. ) , there are another 15 % -20 % ultra right wing dudes that generally hate the eu and another 15 % -20 % with solid , reasonable arguments . 
  together they are at 45-60 % . 
  currently swinging in the direction of 55 % . 
  so border tensions are already starting ? 
  thanks uk for bringing back to good old times . 
  there is a china town , a korea town . 
  towns for every `` race '' . 
  so i think there is also the need for a asshole town to differentiate them from other people !, 
  i bet there is also an area called asshole-town !,
