  he basically wants to give the nations the right to prevent monitoring because the country may not like the results . 
  in my opinion the exact opposite should happen . 
  a institution completely free of political influence should be monitoring the member states . 
  remember : we are talking about monitoring . 
  not about creating a law or turning down governments . 
  in my opinion this is like saying `` not the police but only the government should be allowed to investigate corruption of the government '' . 
  what is wrong with that dude ? 
  not on the important things , obviously . 
  because the only thing uk seems to care about nowadays is money . 
  but it 's ok . 
  lets agree that we share the idea that earning money is something good . 
  it makes me feel happy to see it in that light . 
  because now i can say germany `` works together '' with the entire world . 
  because basically nearly every person on earth thinks that way . 
  the only thing i read from your words is that its not the uks fault that they do n't longer want to work together with us . 
  but what kind of lesson do you learn from ww2 about europe ? 
  a lesson why we do n't like to work together ? 
  because in terms on britain i have the strong feeling that 's a pretty one sided thing ( overall ) . 
  in my opinion the psyche of the germans living today is in no way linked to that traumatism . 
  how many people are still alive today who fought in ww2 ? 
  the only thing our psyche is bound to is constantly being remembered that ww2 was our fault . 
  while it in reality - to bring that thought to the end - refers to a generation that does n't even exist anymore . 
  we fought nazis so long and heard so often about `` our '' mistakes and crimes that germany has become one of the most leftist countries in europe over the years . 
  so why do you think are we traumatized ? 
  most germans are in fact happy that hitler lost ww2 . 
  it seems more that countries like britain are unable to get over it . 
  on one side they won the war . 
  on the other side they lost more ground and influece in ww2 then germany . 
  atleast they are among those who ca n't stop to bring that up . 
  in my opinion they are still salty that they lost all of that and have that strange demand about getting back to old greatness in their guts . 
  at the same time they know that colonialism , direct and indirect slavery and robbing resources from other countries can not be done in the same way anymore . 
  family ? 
  you think the daily mail and general trust is family owned ? 
  i hope they do n't put him in a communal cell or let him wander around freely . 
  this kind of dudes belong into solidary or a prison with no muslims in it . 
  do n't let your prisons become terrorist recruitment camps . 
  when they were bought and forced to influence public opinion however the owner wants it . 
  hitler too . 
  who would have thought that ? 
  dictators and wannabes who want to rule the world ? 
  wow !, 
  i think ww2 is a very bad way to understand what is going on today . 
  because all that is creating is rethoric in the style of `` look , the germans try again to conquer europe '' . 
  this behaviour is nothing but ripping open barely healed wounds to rub tons of salt in it . 
  this only creates hate on all sides and adds nothing constructive to the solution . 
  sorry , but old habbits die slowly . 
  i 'm surprised greek does not look even worse but basically stagnated for some time . 
  and if you look at the numbers it seems like tons of businesses built on this old habbits die but they are replaced with new ones . 
  and last quarter was the first time with positive numbers . 
  real numbers . 
  numbers that are not made up in a country that does not entirely life on loans . 
  so i think there is indeed hope glooming . 
  yes , it has a slightly strange smell to it . 
  but it 's not from being rotten or old . 
  its just a mix of the really bad food and the remnants of the antibacterial treatment . 
  i even had eggs that tasted like smelly fish in cause of the grinded fish-bones they get as food . 
  i guess this extremely low quality is the price for eating over a billion chickens every year ( in germany ) . 
  thats just wrong . 
  yes , the quality of the meet itself is close to zero and the taste is nearly non existant , if you are used to high quality meat . 
  and what do you expect ? 
  you get what you pay for : 1,5 kg of chicken legs cost 3,50 $ over here . 
  but if you open it it keeps just as long as every other kind of meat . 
  maybe longer , because it 's so heavily treated against microorganisms of any kind that it keeps much longer than anything you buy from your local butcher . 
  maybe you just bought it very close to the date of expiry ? 
  no , you are completely right . 
  its very hard to get for example high quality beef especially in the big super markets . 
  and even if they sell you something as high quality by putting a nice sounding brand on it it does n't mean it 's really good . 
  almo , black premium and so on . 
  it 's a 50 % chance that you are able to chew it . 
  and if you can chew it it often tastes really bad and/or is by far too lean . 
  they not only cut away the fat before they sell it , the marple grad is always nearly zero . 
  germany has a strong tendency to eat very lean meat . 
  especially for beef thats really , really bad news . 
  beef is also very often not really well matured . 
  many butchers just put it in a vacuum package , wait a week and sell it without thinking twice . 
  but even the irish meat we get over here is often very bad . 
  it 's just as lean and also matured in the wrong way . 
  seems like this stuff is explicitely produced for germany . 
  on the other side we are masters of pork . 
  if you buy your pork and sausage from one of the countless old-school butcher shops the quality is usually very high . 
  however : the opposite is true for big super market chains . 
  so never buy sausage at rewe or something similar . 
  but i have the feeling that the beef situation is slowly getting better . 
  hitler was a kind of cancer that did n't grow in one night . 
  even after his election it took him years to replace state official after state official and ministry after ministry with his own personell . 
  he did n't get chancellor and instantly started to hunt jews . 
  at first all things were looking pretty good actually . 
  the difference is that trump implies that those 3.3 % are paid for protecting germany through nato while reality is that those 3.3 % are paid mostly for american wars that are not covered by the nato treaty . 
  wars that also costs europe and germany many billions every year . 
  we even got attacked by terrorists multiple times because as a result of this wars we 're forced to fight . 
  i say forced because isis is just another result of the interventionism and destabilization of the region . 
  so this is no old bill and has not even the slightest correlation to ww2 . 
  its merely a direct result of recent american adventures in the arabic world . 
  something if you follow trumps argumentation is helping germany while reality is that since this war has started there are more terrorists and terrorist attacks in the arabic world than at any point before . 
  as a reaction she should have send him a bill for all refugees in the eu that fled their country because the usa has bombed them to dust . 
  she also should have recalculated the american defence budget and removed the money the us is using for financing the troops in those war zones . 
  if trump tries to create the impression that those 3.3 % are used to defend europe we should know how much of this 3.3 % are in the end are really used for nato purposes . 
  and how much is used for dangerous adventures in the arabean world . 
  i think you are not exactly sure what nato means . 
  its no trade or intel treaty , except for special cases .
