  the good thing would be that we could buy gas from everyone . 
  going on to trade with russia does not help us . 
  by 2020 russia can do whatever it wants . 
  it divides us and is indeed a bit shady . 
  i mean , just look at schr\u00f6der . 
  and the main supporters are schr\u00f6der old party-friends . 
  not sure what is going on in the spd . 
  i just hope this helps europe somehow . 
  erdogan and qatar is no real option . 
  because the pipeline would need to go through syria . 
  maybe we need indeed a fourth option ? 
  cheap electricity through nuclear power could be a way out of this . 
  but that would be suicide for merkel . 
  looks like we 've got a problem that is further driving us toward a split-up of the eu . 
  well , so the winner of all of this - beside the usa - seems to be putin , then . 
  even if the oil price is down again , right now . 
  its ~ 17 billions a year germany pays to gazprom . 
  40 % of gazprom is owned by russia . 
  so what is your problem . 
  you think ~ 8 billion less would bankrupt russia ? 
  and have you taken a look at the pipelines russia is building to supply china and india ? 
  so what has ee achieved with her lng by 2022 , when russia is planning to complete its pipelines by 2020 . 
  to make them completely independent from european money ? 
  what kind of influence are we going to have by then on putin ? 
  usa has done more . 
  its former presidents have done more . 
  but as you may have noticed : the government of a country can change . 
  so just because they helped us in the past , this does n't mean they 'll help us in the future . 
  trump is a declared enemy of our unity , because we have the potential to become a superpower within a few years . 
  we are pretty close at the moment . 
  ee is getting stronger every year . 
  se is recovering slowly but steady . 
  and we even start to think about a european defence force . 
  all of this could fail , because we 're just too divided . 
  he obviously knows that this pipeline is a hot topic inside the eu . 
  we says they need it , because they can not afford to pay twice as much for gas through lng . 
  ee says we help putin . 
  in that way - by increasing the rift between our countries - trump is damaging our unity , and he is damaging our economy . 
  and who has the most gain from a divided europe beside trump ? 
  putin . 
  useless actionism . 
  russia is building new pipelines since the moment ee has started to go for lng . 
  and since this pipelines are destined for china and india , he can easily give a fuck about any gas-based sanction we think about . 
  it 's the opposite . 
  he will have the bigger leverage by then . 
  and i will be damned if putin is not going to sabotage alternative gas supply . 
  just look what happens in qatar right now . 
  sadly , putin is not stupid . 
  the only thing we get as a result from this ee kindergarten-diplomacy - that is solely based on hate against russia and has nothing to do with rationality - is a russia that no longer needs to rely on europe as a trading partner for it 's natural resources . 
  we lose tons of influence on russia and can be blackmailed without putin needing to fear any kind of reaction . 
  then he has the power to do whatever he wants in ee , because he just do n't needs to fear any sanctions . 
  beside the oil price there is zero way to put pressure on putin left , in maximum 2-3 years . 
  and we will see how long the saudis are going to keep it low . 
  2020 will be a very bad year for we , if we arent prepared . 
  this graph shows persons with a `` migration background '' . 
  that means it includes people who are now german citizens . 
  maybe not their children , though . 
  not sure . 
   waffen ss unit was never formed in lithuania , germans tried but lithuanians went rogue on them so they had to disperse it . 
  besides you 're very uneducated in this matter i assume . 
  haha , sure . 
  so yes basically , they are innocent . 
  maybe beside a `` bit '' of genocide they did nothing . 
  look , i 'm not saying all of you are or were back then criminals . 
  not even a majority . 
  all i 'm saying is that you know how xenophobia looks . 
  and i 'm baffled how easy you accept it to take hold of you . 
  not endangering our own citizens , sweden , germany , france , belgium has big muslim minority , terrorists attacks happen and guess what ethnicity are those terrorists ? 
  definitely not mena am i right ? 
  how on earth is that not xenophobic ? 
  yes , terrorists are mainly from mena countries . 
  that makes not all syrians criminals and murders . 
  by not wanting to help innocent people because there could be a criminal among them , you fulfill all criterias that exist for the definition of xenophobia . 
  do you know how many people were murdered in the us last year ? 
  now compare it to this : https://storymaps.esri.com/stories/terrorist-attacks/?year=2016 terror death : 14.356 in the whole world . 
  so ... should n't you be more afraid of american immigrants then muslim ? 
  :d thats in no way rational , dude . 
  especially when you also consider that the chance to get killed by an terrorist is nearly equal to getting struck by lightning in germany . 
  and we have by far the most refugees in our country in europe . 
  this is irrational fear of the unknown . 
  nothing else . 
   our government gives them job , all the benefits to live life comfortable , they still choose to go back to germany because people get far bigger benefits there . 
  i have no clue and i do not care . 
  they can walk to germany 10 times . 
  they do n't get asylum a second time . 
  thats what the quota-system is for . 
   most of refugees are from mena countries , not just syria . 
  they come from countries where war does n't exist , yet german government still accepts them as refugees ... any proof for that ? 
  i mean the `` accepting '' part , not the `` coming from '' . 
  i know that many economic migrants try to sneak in . 
  but i also know that they get sorted out . 
  i 've seen the numbers pretty often . 
  but maybe you have another credible source to convince me ? 
   bypassing several safe nations is more than enough of a proof . 
  you are aware that those being stuck in italy and greece mostly came over the mediterranean sea or just fled turkey ( and turkey is n't taking anyone back ) ? 
  this is not about redistributing refugees from germany . 
  yes , its a bit selfish . 
  but we need 10 times as much gas from russia - even by only covering ~ 36 % of our needs by it - then for example poland . 
  lng would be a huge effort on that scale and double the price for all our gas . 
  we also should note that russia is nonetheless facing a negative-growth in gdp .
