  sadly some of us are never going to learn . 
  you really seem to believe that , is n't it ? 
  because i find not one true fact in your post . 
  the only thing we did was following our own refugee law . 
  and many others just decided to not follow theirs . 
  easy . 
  one country follows its laws because for merkel obviously the law is no `` choice '' . 
  most countries , especially eastern european , did not follow it . 
  merkel also never sent an invitation . 
  it was the press who interpreted merkel stating the german law as a invitation . 
  so who is the one to blame ? 
  please , spare me your answer . 
  it was a rhetorical question . 
  there were too many gloating comments coming from brexiters and trump voters to believe that . 
  the general consensus seems to be `` that 's what you get for trying to be morally superior '' or just `` told you '' . 
  if you consider that the republican party of the usa is the reason we are in this mess it 's especially frustrating to read this kind of bullshit . 
  i 'd like to not think like i 'd like to think about things . 
  i guess its mostly because many people just are either used to it so they do n't care anymore . 
  or they think we deserve it because we let those refugees in . 
  yes , it would be a better idea . 
  if they are at work , they are not at home . 
  they also could do it in the evening . 
  or if weekend is so good : a week later . 
  nice genital-hair-beard !, 
  obviously a picture of him buying a d\u00f6ner . 
  not only a hero , but also a gourmet !, 
  i do n't see a reason why we should n't see also good things , even if everything else seems like going to shit . 
  i do n't get why he is still allowed to stay in the country . 
  immigrant from tunesia in italy . 
  a safe country of origin . 
  stayed for about a year and the applied for asylum in germany but still was allowed to stay for over 6 month . 
  a criminal record for committing an act of violence . 
  a record at the verfassungsschutz for trying to buy a gun . 
  how is it possible such a person is not immediately searched for all over germany and deported with force ? 
  where do you read this kind of things ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they already did this on the same evening . 
  its the press that needs so long to get those info 's which is letting us feel this way . 
  nonetheless its pretty hard to even start a truck if you do n't know how . 
  and how many gears do they have ? 
  its also pretty hard to stay inside the track , if you only have 10cm on each side . 
  but you are right nonetheless . 
  with some instructions and a bit of training it should be possible . 
  i think the cabin was smashed because he drove into the booth/christmas-tree on the left . 
  i do n't think it was smashed so early . 
  is this some kind of schildb\u00fcrgerstreich ? 
  why is it not possible to wait until the 27th if everything is under control ? 
  why does the city think its a good idea to evacuate 50000 people on christmas ? 
  sounds to me more like his position is to stay neutral in all international matters . 
  so in this case the opposite to the thing those right-wingers of the usa have dragged us into . 
  the so called conservative or better republican wing of the us started this war against terror , iraq and afghanistan if i remember correctly . 
  they are directly responsible for destabilizing the whole region and creating thousands of terrorists . 
  fucking up two countries and being responsible for millions of dead people tend to create reactions like this . 
  so if those republican fuckers would have listened to those liberals in the first place , we would n't be in this situation at all . 
  i remember this as it were yesterday : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k_qbpfl7rm, 
  there are many contradictions in the things we hear from the press . 
  they said it looks like he was practicing at the beginning . 
  but then he drove through thick berlin traffic like an experienced driver . 
  to me it sounds there may be more than one person involved . 
  we are saying `` weggla '' , `` semmala '' and `` br\u00f6tla '' in mittelfranken . 
  basically all kinds are allowed as long as you put a `` le '' or `` la '' at the end to create some kind of diminutive ( verniedlichung ) - form . 
  there are two ways two confuse police work . 
  either you give them no traces at all . 
  or you give them a huge flood of traces . 
  in this case it seems to be the latter . 
  not sure if this approach works if there are literally thousands of police officers working on a case , though . 
  i 'm pretty sure its another case of `` post truth '' news that make us think the police is really following this as main lead . 
  i do n't think they would be so stupid and really only follow this path . 
  the direction the truck took through the christmas market looked strange from the beginning . 
  instead of driving further through the walkway the lorry steared to the left side directly into a christmas tree and the booth on the side : this picture is from bild.de : http://bilder.bild.de/fotos-skaliert/bild-infografik-karte--terror-in-berlin--anschlag-auf-weihnachtsmarkt--route-des-lkw--citymap-be-200220022-49398868/18,w=649,q=high,c=0.bild.jpg imagine what would have happened if the lorry drove down through the pretty straight walkway full of peoples . 
  if this is true this man should receive the highest honors possible . 
  i also think the german state should take care of the financial future of the family . 
  thats exactly what i 'm saying . 
  especially if you translate `` coverage '' with useless interventions and equalize `` impact '' with millions of dead people in afghanistan , iraq and as a result of a destabilized region : also syria . 
  very sad to read all those comments from the uk and the us telling us `` now you 're paying the price for trying to feel morally superior '' . 
  especially because these brexiters and us-ass-trumpets forget that they 've already been hit by islamist terrorists without any refugee crisis going on and much less migrants than germany . 
  so where is the correlation ? 
  if it would be dependent on the amount of migrants in a country we would have the highest body count of all western countries . 
  so maybe the reason why we get attacked is a different one than just letting people into the country . 
  sorry , we are not into voting for maniac clowns . 
  we prefer maniac mass murderers . 
  driver is arrested . 
  he had a passenger , who is dead . 
  obviously struck in the face by a christmas tree or something . 
  about 1200 years ago , there was a man called karl , emporer of the holy roman empire . 
  he forcefed barbarians all over europe with christianity . 
  also his predecessors , the merrowingers , who were the first kings in central europe who accepted christianity . 
  or karl martell , who prevented that those moors invated france ? 
  also : ever heard about martin luther ? 
  there are countless examples . 
  so yes , christianity is indeed a part of our roots and therefor a part of our culture . 
  if we like it or not . 
  i also know pretty well how the turkish government works . 
  there is never a official order . 
  instead a few shady looking dudes visit your boss and tell him what to do . 
  they did it in some companies i know and i 'm absolutely sure they did it in this school . 
  the administration will never say `` yes , we 've got an official order '' . 
  instead they say `` it was our idea to discuss this this year '' . 
  the time at which this happens does not have anything to do with turkeys international relationships going full revenge mode on everything which is n't pro erdogan . 
  for sure . 
  all that comes to my mind in this context is : welcome to frankfurt then .
