  because if that would be the case , why did many other countries with a even more aggressive press show even more of those pictures without taking anyone in ? 
  maybe its just the press who likes to sell news ? 
  and maybe its just merkel , taking the german law for serious ? 
  without any secret and completely nonsensical conspiracy going on . 
  get out of your echo chamber !, 
  you call merkels speaches `` based on emotions '' and false information ? 
  what kind of echo chamber do you life in ? 
  indeed . 
  the average iq is at 98 in the us . 
  and a iq of 80 already means `` mentally handicapped '' and diminished responsibility in front of the law . 
  so while 100 officially is called `` average '' its much closer to being retarded than to be considered a genius . 
  if you consider this statistics you have to ask yourself how many voters are out there that are close to 80 or even lower !, 
  i know we preach `` free society '' , `` same rights for everyone '' and so on all day . 
  but if you look at some voting results in the past - that mostly happened because the matter was so complex that nobody even thought about trying to understand it and instead listened to manipulative politicians trying to push their agenda - you ask yourself about the damage propaganda is constantly doing to society because the reality is just too complex . 
  i think you missed the word `` exercise '' :d, 
  is there a list of who voted how ? 
  i would really like to see how the uk has voted this time !, 
  because you have no idea how good it tastes if being treated like that . 
  i 'm pretty sure schr\u00f6der won just in cause of that . 
  and he also got reelected for that very reason . 
  so it helps a lot . 
  but bringing the old establishment into position against the afd , a party that has so grown for the very reason that this establishment is ruling over germany is just dump . 
  it 's just as dump from hillary to take her victory for granted and to openly do the very thing - corruption , vote manipulation and constant lying - that was the core reason for trumps rise to power . 
  we should for sure not make the same stupid mistake . 
  i also thought that hillary can not lose to trump , because he does nothing but constantly lie and talk bullshit . 
  and i thought the same about the brexit-campaign . 
  i really believed in humanity and thought this campaign is so full of blatant exaggerations and also lies , that nobody is eating this bullshit . 
  but look what happened . 
  so being sure or taking this things as granted is the last thing we should do and accept . 
  oh , there are many differences . 
  the biggest one is that we do n't like those `` teigbatzen '' called `` sp\u00e4tzle '' so much . 
  especially the urge for k\u00e4sspatzen is totally strange for me . 
  its like putting a ton of cheese and butter on overcooked noodles . 
  the same with mault\u00e4schle . 
  the swabian kitchen is a pretty nice expression of their urge to save money in all life situations , beside a big car and a nice home !, 
  sounds like you 're stuck in swabia !, 
  franconian kitchen is by far superior !, 
  in my opinion that does not make much sense , because that would make them even more vulnerable to f\u00fchrer 2.0 . :p, 
  very nice . 
  :d but someone should make something like this with germany , too . 
  alone close to my hometown are many interesting ones : lauf - * run * kotzenhof - * puke-yard * feucht - * moist * . 
  a town close to a forest called * moist forest * r\u00fcblanden - * land of the turnip * berg - * mountain * but also a few nice ones : engelthal - * valley of angels * wolfsh\u00f6he - * wolves height *, 
  why does the spd and cdu not have a single politician with charisma ? 
  schr\u00f6der was an dickhead , but atleast he was able to get into the heart of the people . 
  something that is absolutely necessary if you want to fight the afd , because their whole election battles are based on emotions and false information . 
  if they really want to fight those right wingers with merkel and schulz i have to ask myself : do they try to lose by intent ? 
  if this guy is the candidate i just have to ask myself if the spd has lost all whats left of their mind . 
  you do n't collect more voices by delivering to the left . 
  they want to fight the afd , thats all . 
  strange answer . 
  in a thread about a important vote where france voted in favor and germany voted against it . 
  a pretty close vote btw . 
  seems more like germany is not even able to control its own reprentatives . 
  back to your echochamber , nutter !, 
  i wonder that southern german food is mostly safe to eat - caution is advised . 
  i know that it is n't bad . 
  but who would have thought that italians think so , too ? 
  example : http://www.cbsnews.com/news/donald-trump-russia-vladimir-putin-crimea-nato/, 
  i 'm not sure if following trump into accepting that russia took crimea is the right way , though . 
  because thats a part of the package to make trump stay in the nato . 
  seriously ? 
  do you really think there was one law intact that hitler did n't want ? 
  hitler loved all kinds of animals . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  they are pretty opportunistic . 
  and if trump pulls out of nato i 'm quite sure their next natural ally would be russia . 
  china however is something different . 
  i 'm quite sure they think the eu is economically better for them then turkey . 
  so i think they would prefer to choose no side . 
  especially because they are pretty rational . 
  something erdogan is not . 
  if we stop selling our weapons to the saudis and so on we could very well use them for ourselves . 
   the uk is voting in it 's own best interest ( i should actually be clear at this point , i 'm pro-eu membership and pro-defence union with certain caveats ) . 
  but so is every other country . 
  the difference is that these other countries vote to form their future in the eu . 
  britain is voting to make their life better after they 've left . 
   i also feel i should apologise if i 've been a bit aggressive . 
  the eu is a touchey subject here at the moment ( as you might imagine ) but i do wish our stance was more favourable . 
  i 'm too emotional on the subject , too . 
  i 'm even starting to get a bit hysteric , playing paranoid `` what if ... '' games all the time . 
  for example : trump playing friends with putin and erdogan , while pulling out of nato would be a absolute worst case scenario for the eu . 
  how strong would our military be , especially if you substract the uk military and nuclear capacity . 
  sounds like we are becoming a ripe apple , ready to be harvested by everyone who strikes first . 
  can you imagine the eu in war ? 
  half of the countries would join the enemy . 
  the other half would try to stay neutral or discuss the matter until they are conquered . 
  and how could we prevent that from happening ? 
  with extreme militaristic rearmament ? 
  better than nothing , but i 'm not sure where this all will end , because fear also leads to radicalization . 
  all in all the future does more and more look like a place we are not going to like . 
  so the uk trying to undermine a eu defense union is for me a very touchey subject , too . 
  its called preparation . 
  for example : if trump really backs out of the nato our defense potential is not only stripped of us troops , but also has to come by without the uk troops . 
  our nuclear potential is also very small at this point . 
  and while putin and erdogan get friends with trump they continue to threaten europe . 
  so do n't you think we should be prepared for this case ? 
  especially if you consider that trump , putin and erdogan already start to play `` big friends forever '' ? 
  it would be utterly stupid to wait for that to happen . 
  and i 'm pretty sure we see extreme military rearmament very soon . 
   britain does n't really have its own sphere of influence anymore .
