  yes !, 
  lets built a new ocean where russia is now !, 
  did n't like the dude anyway . 
  all problems solved !, 
  if we would vote for degenerate fascists like le pen we would deserve much more than demographic destruction . 
  the dominant language in our country could be our own . 
  if you look at this thread it works pretty well . 
  the brits are extremely annoyed and everyone else is having a good time !, 
  yeah , but the time of the empire is over . 
  so where is the reason for this today ? 
  beside the fact that many people speak english i see no relevant reason . 
  i even think it has a very negative influence on a countries culture . 
  because by knowing the english language its much easier to get infiltrated by the culture of the anglosphere . 
  and why should countries with thousands of years of history want that ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm really enjoying this `` debate '' . 
  the amount of salt is amazing . 
  very high quality trolling . 
  so maybe ban is n't the wording of choice then ? 
  because that sounds a lot like `` there will be lobbyism '' . 
   of course slaughter houses were necessary 20 years ago man , why is that so hard ? 
  they were necessary but in a different way . 
  today they are necessary because butchers would have to invest tens of thousand before they can fulfill the requirements . 
  they had the choice . 
  thats different today . 
  we want pandas anyway !, 
  nooo !, 
  you are going to jinx it !, 
  obama , i know you are reading this !, 
  please !, 
  stop it !, 
  there are more important things in life then profit . 
  pandas are one of them !, 
  nobody is saying that you know longer know where the food is coming from . 
  i 'm saying that slaughterhouses were n't necessary 20 years ago and that they overall resulted in a reduction of food quality and variety . 
  being a independent butcher is different to being allowed to slaughter your own animals . 
  so please note : i did n't say there are n't any independent butchers anymore . 
  they just do n't slaughter the animals anymore but buy it from a slaughterhouse . 
  so basically your butchers can say `` from local farmers '' even if they bought it from a distribution center . 
  no , and i want exactly the same . 
  and i 'm not sure what my country is doing from your point of view , that is creating the impression that we do n't want this generally . 
  from my point of view it seems more like many brits are hating us , because there are a lot of irrational insults coming into our direction . 
  you know : calling the eu the 4th reich is not much different then directly saying germany is still full of nazis . 
  being insulted as a bunch of genocidal mass-murderers on a daily base does not make us happy , you know ? 
  regulations so hard to fulfil that it gets harder and harder , and more expensive every year . 
  same happened with the butchery 's . 
  20 years ago every butcher had his own farmer where he bought his animals , to slaughter and prepare them . 
  but then the eu came . 
  fulfilling those new regulations would have cost them tens of thousands of euros . 
  too much . 
  now all farmers bring their animals to one slaughterhouse to sell the meat to the butchers . 
  i do n't think i need to explain that this reduces food quality and availability by a big degree . 
  example : if the slaughterhouse decides that selling lamb meat is not worth the effort , no butcher within 30 kilometers would be able to offer lamb anymore . 
  so where does a normal person - who knows no farmer - get his lamb then ? 
  another example : if a butcher can no longer decide how good his meat should be by selecting its source , the quality is fluctuating greatly . 
  this is not important for sausage . 
  but a roastbeef of low quality is barely edible . 
  thats why its always like gambling , atleast in our region , when you buy roastbeef from germany . 
   greggs sorry , but i believe that any kind of bakery chain is a bad thing and something that is actually one of the worst things that happened thanks to the eu . 
  20 years ago we hat in our town with 28.000 dudes and duderellas atleast 10 different bakeries . 
  some of them were exceptionally good , some of them bad . 
  but now we only have two left , both big chains who have bought them all . 
  and both are not nearly as good as those bakeries back then . 
  i miss so many of those traditional family recipes that vanished when those bakeries were bought by the big ones ... :(, 
  i would say we should react by also blockading british food exported into eu . 
  but after a bit of thinking i do n't even know any food from uk worth importing . 
  complicated !, 
  yeah . 
  but creating a law to force everyone is not `` advocating '' . 
   what is it exactly that gives you the impression that the `` uk seems to be a bit unreliable right now '' , militarily speaking ? 
  i suppose having troops protecting germany for over 70 years , with over 5000 still stationed there counts for nothing , along with the 150 + personnel and the armour that we have in estonia ? 
  perhaps because we do n't see it , we do n't think it exists , like national security services who we never see yet are always among us . 
  why `` militarily speaking '' ? 
  without a doubt you have the ability to provide the defence you talk about . 
  but what about all the other things i already wrote about ? 
  i do n't say you are unable to provide defence . 
  i say you may be unable to keep providing it because your politcal landscape is changing and your economy could crash in a few years . 
  and you could abuse this position by blackmailing us . 
   i know you may think we want to be your bouncer , but the sentiment here is that you should fend for yourselves . 
  if you have the balls to backup the banter than you need to prove it and handle putin yourselves . 
  that 's not possible from german perspective . 
  our support of militarism has been completely removed from our population through `` education '' and denazification . 
  you ca n't have both , you know ? 
  the allies redesigned our entire school system and tells us about right and wrong in that way from childhood on . 
  we cant even think about designing a tank without countless people yelling `` nazi-sau '' at us . 
  and then after we 've turned into a bunch of capitalistic pacifists you expect us to get back to pre-ww2 militarism ? 
  that 's just one of the most stupid things i heard in this entire century . 
   our worry is just that you will all start fighting again , which will drag us back into another conflagration . 
  too many lives were lost in the 20th century for stupid reasons . 
  i do n't want to see that happen again and nobody else does either . 
  thats interesting . 
  because this `` take up the weapon and fight for yourself '' sounds exactly like you are the one 's who tries to make us `` fighting again '' . 
   believe me , in the uk , we are always extremely cautious of regional disputes turning into another great war , and we all know how quickly the peace of the golden era turned into hell in europe . 
  and nonetheless you support the breakup of the eu , tell everyone to get out before it 's too late , tell germany to get rid of the refugees and take up arms for defence against putin . 
  all the while while the right wing support grows daily in uk and all the things we hear over here from your people is `` we do n't want to be part of the 4th nazi reich '' . 
  you know , all this things sound exactly as the way into war you seemingly want to prevent . 
  please , people of france , vote anyway . 
  do n't take it for granted and think `` le pen has no chance anyway . 
  i do n't even need to get up . '' . 
  please !,
