  then some poles told the police `` all is in order '' . 
  polite smiles were exchanged . 
  situation cleared . 
  if i compare this to this statement :  there are no witnesses to this incident and that the police also reports nothing on the issue then i come to the conclusion / u/zereddd is nothing nothing but a liar . 
  obviously we missed something ... !, 
  i think we also should consider tomatoes . 
  not sure if the ripe or the hard ones , though . 
  no , in your case we make an exception . 
  obviously the pole in the article is not the only racist . 
  you , the person defending that a little girl gets spit in the face and the police ignoring the incident because of `` islam '' , are not much better by any means . 
   the police confirmed the incident but said they were n't able to understand the pupil in cause of language barriers . 
  seems like your source is nationalistic bullshit then . 
  i would n't blame you for being a patriot . 
  i would n't even care if you do n't like immigration . 
  only if being a patriot would mean to you , that it 's ok to spit little girls in the face and that the police is ignoring the incident . 
  the thing we sadly see in many comments here . 
  it is one source . 
  it contains beside the polish source , additional backup from the polish police and the link to an interview with the girl . 
  zeit = `` sensationalist backwash '' ? 
  what ? 
  is it so hard for you to accept that there are ass-holes on this planet that you need to lie to yourself in this way ? 
  perhaps , perhaps , perhaps ... 
  the fact that you do n't condemn the incident with one word , but only deny its relevance and its creditability without even looking for sources tells me already enough about your mindset . 
  very sad !, 
   he specifically mentioned price and not production costs . 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant the production costs by `` not technically cheaper '' . 
   also to add , huge markets like germany are more efficient for distribution and marketing . 
  roughly speaking you only need one department for a country , and if that country has more people , that department is cheaper to maintain i 'm also pretty sure this personnel costs are generally negligible compared to the sold units . 
  the most important costs are the ads and the product research in marketing . 
  and i 'm sure this ads and their production are also `` a bit '' more expensive in germany then in poland . 
  we should not forget the reason for this army . 
  the threats from trump are not about the eu constitution , its about the nato . 
  what we want here is a well functioning army that could defend europe , without the help of the usa . 
  please do n't oversimplify reality to make a point . 
  every tank/aircraft/gun / whatevers consists out of many , many smaller parts that are never produced in only one factory . 
  i 'm sure moldova could handle some of those . 
  i 'm pretty sure this will only lead to more fake news and propaganda . 
  `` they killed their babies '' , `` they produce chemical weapons to attack us '' . 
  but i 'm also not sure if there would be a better solution . 
  what he is talking about is the production cost of the biscuits . 
  they do n't get cheaper in production just because your purchasing power is low/high/whatever . 
  so if they need to sell something adjusted to your purchasing power , so instead of 1 $ per package for 50 cent per package , the producer needs to safe money somewhere . 
  in this case obviously by not adding as much butter but by using a cheaper oil . 
  but the german average income includes the same manager incomes . 
  pretty normal . 
  the average income in germany is 3700 . 
  compared to the average income at vw slovakia of 1800-2000 and if it keeps increasing at this rate you 're there pretty quickly . 
  also do n't overestimate the income of german vw workers . 
  the numbers that make you so envious are the income of a very rare breed these days . 
  most workers are external contractors with a much , much lower wage . 
  a normal thing on any production line . 
  comparing the baseline income to a job without this benefit is useless . 
  and you think the suppliers would stop to work for vw just because they move to another country ? 
  vw has 120 manufacturing sites . 
  they do this all the time , when their bookkeepers tell them there are cheaper and more attractive places . 
  where do you even get that numbers from ? 
   the company pays an average wage of 1,800 euros ( $ 2,008 ) a month , double the national average . 
  source : https://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2017/06/20/business/20reuters-volkswagen-slovakia-strike.html, 
  maybe they are at our wages in about 10-15 years . 
  this things take time . 
  we also did n't just start with our current wages . 
  this things do n't just happen because you would like that . 
  it takes time . 
  and i bet that the moment you 're there big parts of vw will be gone . 
  just like in germany . 
  all that is left are production lines for high priced cars - where wages are irrelevant - r&d , sales and marketing . 
  production line workers are n't exactly skilled . 
  they need a few weeks of training and its good if they worked as car mechanics before . 
  but that 's it . 
  i believe that you believe that . 
  but comapanies like that never give out anything for free . 
  it may be that you 're right and that they want to pay for good work . 
  it could also be that they already have other plans for the upcoming production lines . 
  this is only true for the current line . 
  whenever there is a new car model , all this thoughts are obsolete . 
  next time they make a decision where to built this new production line , they may decide against slovakia and chose another country . 
  for my taste they said a bit too fast yes . 
  so i would n't wonder if they already know that it will not matter that much anyway . 
  maintained means `` manufacturing jobs reduced from 35 % to 20 % '' in your opinion ? 
  http://www.macleans.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/mfg_employment_shares_countries.png and with `` compete '' you talk about skilled labour being replaced with unskilled labour from third party contractors ? 
  i do n't know man . 
  15 % is a enormous increase , especially when you consider the enormous fines vw has to pay . 
  i 've never seen anything like that in germany and i 'm surprised they said yes so fast . 
  sorry , but i 'm pretty sure there is a catch to it . 
  and what keeps them from increasing them just for everyone ? 
  actually the education of immigrants into germany got higher over the past years and according to `` welt.de '' its higher then ever before ( 2015 ) : https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article146161359/noch-nie-waren-migranten-so-gut-gebildet-wie-heute.html what are your sources ? 
  or is this more of a general feeling ? 
  that thing is in a village with an easy access . 
  it also appears that 's the name of it . 
  uh , yes . 
  those 50 inhabitants surely justify that . 
  and `` easy access '' surely is a term open to [ interpretation ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/place/mountain+hostel/@46.5295708,7.8954153,1804a,35y,38.73t/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x8796b89b07c0bd8d!8m2!3d46.5467212!4d7.8929944 ) . 
   you can also name a mountain hut ` villa ' . 
  it wo n't make it a villa . 
  so when i built a villa on a mountain , you 'd call it mountain hut anyway ? 
  that 's sad . 
   it 's not directly to blame , germany is not evil . 
  but just by using the euro , italy 's economy is now shit , with huge unemployment . 
  italy , spain , greece - they just ca n't compete with germany , and their economies are getting completely destroyed . 
  you seem to have forgotten the financial crisis of 2008 .
