  we just need to look at mossul right now . 
  everyone knew they 're advancing back in the day . 
  i was able to track their progress on tv and i 'm pretty sure the troops in iraq knew first . 
  how long did it take before something relevant happened ? 
  a quick reaction force would have been risky . 
  but how many lives could have been saved ? 
  so yes , i admire this bravery . 
  to me this tactics sound highly effective and fast . 
  stopping/slowing a advancing force is certainly easier then waiting until they take a city , slaughter inhabitants or take hostages as bombing protection and then wait a month to gather troops , while the defender has time to turn the city into a stronghold and to stuff it with ieds and snipers . 
  they 're most probably talking about loads and loads of helium filled balloons who used to explode after getting shot down by erdogan 's helicopter-mounted-mini-guns for public display of symbols promoting a terrorist organization !, 
  yes , because putin was afraid of the future eu army . 
  he basically had no choice then to threaten us . 
  now we get an even bigger army !, 
  they should have been in the eu with an highly trained and well equipped eu army responsible for defense !, 
  yes and no . 
  preferably from germoney , please . 
  i still think this is the most important german contribution to culture and music : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp9wp6qvbsk it makes me smile every time i 'm watching this !, 
  do n't you think it need to be refined first ? 
  we 're happy to take care of that , for a small fee !, 
  and we also take the tesla gigafactory . 
  thanks !, 
  it does not matter . 
  its a long term investment , that is always ending in a profit . 
  especially as long as the panels were subsidized , too . 
  but they are still profitable . 
  not immediately . 
  but they amortize themself over time . 
  the solar panels also have a very long warranty . 
  for example look at this : https://www.solarwatt.de/komponenten/solarmodule 30 years warranty is pretty normal . 
  i already heard czech people are pretty furry . 
  but why should we let this natural and renewable resource go unused ? 
  congratz to the czech republic . 
  germoney is taking over now . 
  no need to care about it any more . 
  or he is less stupid then you think . 
  because targeted - in the big picture - could also mean , `` their mission target is to threaten russia '' . 
  ha ha !, 
  you fool !, 
  fact is , people who own a house - and therefore preferable persons above the middle class - profit . 
  while everyone else pays . 
  a alternative idea that immediately comes to my mind would be to built solar power panels along the autobahn all over germany , on all state owned houses and facilities and to outsource some solar power plants to countries with a high energy efficiency . 
  financed by taxes and maybe also by an addition to the power prices . 
  but in this case something that all citizens pay equally and therefore most certainly at least a little bit cheaper . 
  what ? 
  how is this `` forcing rich energy companies '' to pay for it ? 
  the customer pays the eeg-umlage !, 
  i agree that we decided green energy is a good idea . 
  but in the way it is done rich person profit , while poor persons pay . 
  they built a array of solar panels on top of their house or some hall on their land . 
  enough to not only save a bit of money but enough to even get money back . 
  and this money they get is being paid by the customer . 
  its called eeg umlage . 
  and this solar panels were until recently even subsidized by the state , too . 
  so all persons who had a house or some land with a hall/barn on it + 30000 $ to spare win , because instead of paying for power , they even get money for producing power . 
  and they are going to end up with a profit . 
  all others - poor people or people living in a flat - pay for the `` greater good '' . 
  yes , it would be a strong commitment to the eu . 
  it would be very hard to go back . 
  and force us to work closer together . 
  even though you could ease this `` problem '' with a lot of things . 
  for example through military bases and equipment guaranteed to be equally spread across europe depending on the military spending , that fall to the country if it decides to leave . 
  or two years of guaranteed protection by eu forces after deciding to pull out to allow a country to recreate his army . 
  i think there are many ideas and solutions . 
  its exactly the same in our airforce . 
  i was in the bundeswehr and we had more then enough time and manpower to repair something broken down . 
  what we did n't have was spare parts . 
  as i said : by delaying the repair you delay the costs . 
  its not in cause of incompetence but a way to save money . 
  this incompetence part is a myth created by the news . 
  we got 5 new tanks and they broke down one after another until 1 was left . 
  together with the leftover of our old tanks we had 2 tanks that were regularly maintained while the rest was cleaned , sealed with a lot of grease and put in a dark cellar . 
  that sounds a lot like irrational fear-mongering . 
  look at all the things that could go wrong . 
  with this attitude we 'll never see any kind of progress . 
  its mostly the eeg-umlage and a increase of production cost . 
  also cold progression through mwst : http://www.science-skeptical.de/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/1dc94d770edca42.jpeg eeg is a good example of corruption in this system . 
  only rich people are profiting from this , while all people pay . 
  i do n't say you are doing not enough or you are wrong . 
  just that this resettlement treaty is a bit absurd when most of them are not stopped at the border . 
  yes , it is . 
  but how important it is for you to maintain this sovereignty and if it 's good or bad to lose some of it is up to your personal interpretation , especially if you want the eu to work . 
  why would they want to maintain them ? 
  they were neglected wilfully to save money . 
  it 's an pretty effective trick if you want to say `` we have 1000 tanks '' while in reality you use them up until only 10 working tanks are left . 
  then you only need to pay maintenance for 10 tanks , while the rest stays well protected in a dark cellar . 
  why is this so hard to understand ? 
  it 's true . 
  but does n't really care about reality . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/8/86/number_of_%28non-eu%29_asylum_seekers_in_the_eu_and_efta_member_states%2c_2015_and_2016_%28thousands_of_first_time_applicants%29_yb17.png so why is it reasonable to resettle refugees from italy to germany ? 
  sounds more like we should resettle some from germany to other countries . 
  yes , but there are many other things to win : 1 . 
  solar power plants 2 . 
  natural resources 3 . 
  trash-disposal 4 . 
  recycling 5 . 
  farming of basic goods , like cotton and coffee . 
  tourism and so on . 
  for most of that you need a safe environment . 
  so do n't even start to think this is a humanitarian act . 
  we can just hope that africa gets a good deal .
