  there is not a single word about this on german wikipedia . 
  very strange . 
  from today 's perspective this is right . 
  but back at that time where the decision was made the situation was very different . 
  having a war in ukraine sadly does not make the region more stable and therefore reliable , so i do n't think somebody wants to go back to this solution . 
  but i do n't think the pipeline through ukraine will be closed . 
  it just does not make sense anymore for them to shut it down . 
   and directly strengthen russia through enabling to increase its influence by making it easier for them to blackmail other countries , but what does germany care about that . 
  its not like russia did n't blackmail them , back in the day . 
  and their prices were already higher then germany . 
  not sure why you expect from germany to negotiate this kind of deals . 
  and i have no idea why you think blackmailing germany is the only way to strengthen your negotiation power on russia . 
   so far , germany is closing down their nuclear power plants and opening new fossil fuel ones to replace them . 
  i surely hope poland goes the opposite way on that one . 
  i wish it would be different . 
  but hopefully this is only a temporary solution . 
  our wind and solar power is steadily going up . 
  and new battery technology will make night-time supply more steady . 
  so it 's going in the right direction . 
  hopefully fusion power will be in place in a few decades , too . 
  oh no , not this again . 
  they were refugees , not migrants . 
  a huge difference . 
  by percentage . 
  but the real numbers are quite different . 
  9 billion cubic meters to poland . 
  90 billion to germany . 
  not so easily to be replaced by lng . 
  if your article is right the price would double . 
   we were n't taking part in any project allowing russia to easily blackmail any country that happens to be eastwards from us during those 22 years . 
  that is right . 
  and we did n't blackmail anyone either . 
  russia blackmailed them . 
  all we wanted was to get a reliable pipeline and to stop the gas theft . 
  and maybe you heard about . 
  but germany is expanding their renewable energy sources , hopefully to replace any kind of fossil fuel source sooner or later . 
  then what are you after then ? 
  you can tell me about your high moral values again and again . 
  i 'm not going to buy this story . 
  poland is out of this because they did n't want to pay the price . 
  that 's the very reason your own government published . 
  and i decided to believe them more then a random dude on reddit . 
  :p i admit that it would be better if we were n't dependent on russia . 
  and we are already working hard on it . 
  but until this is done , it takes some more years . 
   accomplice so it took you 22 years to be no longer `` the accomplice '' ? 
  and as an alternative you chose qatar , another country known for their high moral standards ? 
  hypocrites . 
  reality is that you did n't want to pay the price . 
  and its a very good reason . 
  but the morality is just a nice addition , nothing else . 
  it was your choice , man . 
  you said no to the alternative route through poland to side with your oligarch-friends . 
  you ca n't backstab someone who is saying fuck you to your face and openly ignore any desire for compromise . 
  reality is that it 's not about morality but about saving money . 
  thats the only reason you are out of this . 
  and you would n't have chosen qatar as a source . 
  and i 'm glad , too . 
  just hope there are no new problems on the horizon , now that your future gas supply is endangered by saudi arabia and i bet secretly by russia . 
  more delusional , hypocrite bullshit , as expected !, 
  you seemingly have forgotten that you are complaining for paying more to this criminals , then germany . 
  so in fact we pay less into russia 's war-funds per capita . 
  `` overwhelmingly negative '' . 
  sure . 
  by your own choice . 
  we tried for 10 years to end the gas theft . 
  they gave a fuck . 
  we built a new pipeline . 
  why is that not reasonable ? 
  because its not in your interest . 
  also forgot the cold war ? 
  we had thousands of tanks at our borders every single day . 
  and their first strike scenario was to completely nuke germany out of existence and to steamroll to the atlantic ocean . 
  so do n't even start with this egocentric bullshit . 
  and poland made business with the same criminals . 
  only reason for complaint = money . 
  conclusion = hypocrites everywhere . 
  poland chose to be hurt itself by not taking the chance to built the pipeline through their country . 
  poland decided to say no to this proposal and to side with ukraine , a country at this time lead by oligarchs and corruption , who stole our gas . 
  i get it , they are very close to poland . 
  but do n't blame us for taking another road and not to side with a country perceived as unreliable in germany . 
  it 's just money after all . 
  so stolen gas and unreliable supply equals money in your opinion ? 
  \ub208_\ub208 it was on its way to germany . 
  its nothing different then robbing trains and trucks between russia and germany . 
  ukraine was equally shady at this time , ruled by a corrupt oligarchic government . 
  you just hated russia . 
  thats all . 
  stop try to built up a reasonable explanation for your behavior . 
   because if germany were the ones in charge of our defense policy as well , russia would steamroll europe long ago , delusional . 
  nothing else . 
  why would anyone even think about germany is in charge of your defense ? 
  and then blaming us for failing at it . 
  just wtf . 
  and meanwhile ignoring that ukraine stole gas from germany for years and was shutting down the pipelines many times . 
  we had any right to search another way , after they did not stop to steal our gas . 
  why should we care about you , especially because you chose to side with thieves ? 
  used it and already provided a link . 
  learn to google or use other sources than your local propaganda rag . 
   and you are ones whinning about it now , expecting us to do sacrifices for you , after you betrayed us .
