  this may be true for a economy where every single piece is handcrafted . 
   that last graph is as bad as the article , see the many years with negative or null real wage growth ... 
  if you add the amount of increase from 2008-2016 per year we 're already at more then the 8 % of your article from 1991-2016 . 
  a bit hart to get numbers from before . 
  here is a better table at page 5 : https://www.destatis.de/de/publikationen/thematisch/verdienstearbeitskosten/reallohnnetto/reallohnindexpdf_5623209.pdf?__blob=publicationfile but you 're right . 
  in the years before 2008 the real wages were reduced or stagnating . 
  that is a strange statistic . 
  productivity going up by 40 % is ok . 
  but why are they comparing this to real wages staying the same ? 
  i mean , increased productivity is obviously a result of automation where less people with lower education level create much , much more goods . 
  why is this rating compared to wages ? 
  edit : also : this statistic is telling something entirely different : https://tradingeconomics.com/germany/wage-growth note the wording : `` real wages '' . 
  that means adjusted for inflation . 
  for sure not as bad as your article . 
  so where are this numbers coming from ? 
  oh come on . 
  that was clearly cheating . 
  nobody allowed you to bring a radar to the game !, 
   you 're the one arguing feelings and anecdotes in a world of statistics . 
  thats a bold statement from someone who has n't supplied any kind of statistics until now . 
  how do you even measure `` success '' without defining `` success '' . 
  thats just stupid . 
   a complete and utter nutter who 'd get rejected from even the most ardent of liberal circles . 
  oh come on . 
  i 'm not as liberal as you might think . 
  have you even read the part i wrote about border controls ? 
  i bet you 've misunderstood that piece a bit . 
  to repeat it : it was a simple provocation , to make you breathe some fire and brimstone . 
  and with great success . 
  you are bursting with hate . 
   not an argument because your not-argument was nothing to discuss about in the first place !, 
  i mean i live and work here , with many turks as colleagues . 
  and you tell me the import of turkish workers is a `` failed experiment '' ? 
  not sure how you get to this conclusion . 
  but i bet its just another outbreak of your xenophobia . 
  all we have is some stress with erdogan right now . 
   we 're a small part of the world and far from the biggest sinners in the world of climate change . 
  the only argument you 'd have is that europeans `` invented '' the means of fucking up the climate , but that 's all a bit silly in the end . 
  eu is 3 . at global co \u00b2 production , but was higher especially at the beginning until the 80s of the 20th century . 
  and africa is basically our favourite place to dumb our trash . 
  so we are n't entirely without guilt . 
   i was frankly done with you as well when you honestly proposed the fucking destruction of europe and its peoples . 
  utterly insane that is . 
  you know , we had the similar fears when bringing in the eastern part of europe . 
  cheap labour being damaging to our economy , people who are obviously very religious , conservative and backward . 
  basically the poor children of very cruel wannabe-parents , first the nazis then ussr , who have been fucked up their entire life . 
  are they even interested of being part of a liberal society ? 
  are we able to find enough common ground to actually form an union ? 
  do they really want to become a part of this , or are they just trying to take what they get , only to do their own thing , when they 're strong enough ? 
  and now , after poland and hungary are cutting away democracy piece after piece , form alliances with putin and trump and become their voice in the eu merkel wants to do the same to africa , which is even worse . 
  they even call it a `` marshall plan '' . 
  and we all know why , you bad little russian puppet !, 
  in the end it will change nothing . 
  russia kills dissidents since years . 
  because we need russian gas and oil nobody will rise an eyebrow . 
  i 'm a bit afraid of the year 2020 at the moment . 
  in a recent discussion about russias pipelines to western europe , i became aware that by then russia has opened a pipeline to china and india . 
  our indirect , mutual agreement - that russia needs our money , while we need their gas and oil - will come to an end by then , because they just do n't need us any more and can set the price however they like . 
  at the same time they undermining us by bribes/financing for trump and parties like ukip . 
  would be nice to have a european defensive force by then . 
  but when you hear our politicians talk `` new jet to replace tornado by 2030 '' `` leopard 3 by 2030 '' and so on , then you know , we wont be ready for anything at that time . 
   https://storymaps.esri.com/stories/terrorist-attacks/?year=2017 nice site , thanks . 
  it 's not as easy as i thought to get those numbers in google . 
  would be interesting to get those number in a graph from 1990 or at least 2000 on . 
  i would really love to see how successful our war on terror was . 
  yes , the opinions differ greatly on what we should do with those refugees who have proven that they can be a valuable member of our society , by learning , integrating and working in germany . 
  interesting . 
  2017 numbers in gun violence are almost as high as victims of terrorism ... worldwide . 
  maybe its time for a war on gun violence in the us ? 
  i 'm sure there was a greek god of earthquakes back in the day . 
  do n't deny it : did he get some new followers recently ? 
  so they are turning this in a populistic joke again ? 
  we do n't need a new brexit-campaign with a nigel farage , this time campaigning all over europe to propagate his bullshit . 
  this fucker is pure poison to any kind of atmosphere . 
  my suggestion to the eu is to end the negotiations with a quick `` no deal '' + a one time offer for `` free trade and visa free travel '' . 
  everything else can then be negotiated on a small scale , one treaty after another . 
  we really do n't need to make a fucking right wing populist show of everything . 
  its sad to even imagine that inside lord buckethead is another t-may . 
  yeah , `` british humour '' . 
  always so hard to laugh about it . 
  not sure why . 
  i personally liked french humour , for example by louis de fun\u00e8s , always much more . 
  or swedish . 
  or danish . 
  even austrian . 
  not sure if there is humour in poland . 
  oh , you joker . 
  i 'm sure we would n't need thousands of this thing today . 
  a single one , somewhere within 50 km would be enough for sure . 
  after all it 's `` made in britain '' . 
  i think so too . 
  our press just loves to stomp on everything military . 
  it just takes a bit of time and fine tuning . 
  the general specs are pretty nice . 
  yeah . 
  just in time . 
  guess we need to send some hugs to the us for sending us so many new friends , after all . 
   but the fact is , they are not applying for asylum in poland , with or without the program . 
  i just said : the whole idea of redistribution is that they have no choice where to go . 
  and you say `` they are not applying in poland '' ?
