  its really practically for you , that every kurd who is taking up a gun is immediately becoming a member of the pkk , ins ' t it ? 
  in your pretty simple mindset its in fact impossible that this is ever becoming a civil war . 
  even if there are 100.000 kurds fighting your military they all would immediately become pkk or ypg members . 
  oh wait ... live can be so easy if you just keep ignoring reality , is n't it ? 
  dream on !, 
  not sure if that is a good thing . 
  trisomy 13 is a good example . 
  but i understand his pretty simple mindset . 
  having more of everything normally means something good . 
  i stopped reading at the word `` vote '' . 
  do you deny the open fighting and use of military weaponry inside turkey in the battle against pkk and other kurds ? 
  i 'm not sure when this stops to be a `` fight against terrorism '' and starts to be `` usage of military equipment to fight the own citizens '' . 
  edit : nice video of one of this cities : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxqo2afzplu, 
  he still does not want the turkish public to accept that there are no real negotiations since a long time , are n't he ? 
  there are so many terms and conditions we know for sure he is never going to fulfill . 
  and he knows it , too . 
  otherwise he would care more in trying to fulfilling them . 
  thats all we want from uk anyways . 
  :p i really love this lagavulin distillers edition stuff . 
  hmm , like drinking liquid campfire . 
  every sip remembers me about having a good time while fishing , camping or whatever . 
  i do n't want the turkey in because : 1 . you have a ongoing civil war in your south-east . 
  you are a neighboring country to two of the most dangerous war-zone-countries in the world . 
  you are manipulating your parliament . 
  you nearly destroyed your free press . 
  erdogan makes me feel ashamed for being a part of the human race . 
  i 've never felt insulted for being called kraut . 
  i really enjoy some good sauerkraut and can not see why anyone would n't . 
  i merely think it 's the fault of the british cuisine that they are unable to cook it properly !, 
  in that spirit : i think this more of an insult addressed to yourself !, 
  and after seeing this video i 'm sure they have good taste , too : http://www.bild.de/sport/fussball/em-2016/in-diese-frau-ist-ganz-irland-verliebt-46414652.bild.html, 
  still pretty popular and they are still building new `` lng '' - power plants because the modern version are pretty clean . 
  not sure for how long , though . 
  i actually like the english fans . 
  i hope we see some more of this russian-butt-kicking from them . 
  no to nuclear . 
  green is the way to go . 
  no clue what lng is . 
  i guess you can say the same thing about irish fans , too . 
  because that is actually a good thing . 
  i like the fact that big melting pots actually vote to stay , while all this english hillbillies vote out . 
  why is this always the same ? 
  for example : people who never actually get in contact with immigrants despise them the most . 
  now , thats a funny guy . 
  i 'm not talking about the whole thing . 
  the first parts came in quite hard . 
  but then the upper part split up into small pieces and came down without any big impact . 
   pretty !, 
  looks like fireworks upside down !, 
  low quality fireworks though . 
  most of it exploded before reaching the ground !, 
  so all this citation do mean nothing to you . 
  i know the arguments . 
  `` out of context '' and so on . 
  but what about their allies ? 
  maybe they are right wing enough for you to recognize them as what they are ? 
  should be much more , including coming from european agencies after the acts of terrors we 've seen . 
  i 'm sure that is what you read in their parties program . 
  but not even nigel farage is able to hide their facistic roots . 
  google `` ukip nazi '' , `` ukip fascist '' `` ukip right wing extremist '' and you get enough examples about this parties intentions for a lifetime . 
  according to de.statista.com its going up since 3 years . 
  and it 's a little bit lower in 2015 than 2012 but still close to the all time high : http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/6798/umfrage/kredite-an-unternehmen-und-selbstaendige/ so i 'm not sure where you get your data from . 
  is this fresh data from 2016 ? 
  you think they do n't give out money ? 
  it feels more like there is by far too much of it . 
  it was never as easy to get a loan like at the moment . 
  if i look at the statistics the total borrowings were never as high as at the moment in germany in fact one of the few ways way to earn money for banks at the moments are loans . 
  so how did you come to your conclusion ? 
  and i do n't waste any more time on you , because your immunity to logic makes any further discussion irrelevant . 
  you mean beside him screaming `` britain first '' and giving himself the name `` death to traitors , freedom for britain . '', 
  in court . 
  and all that at the peak of the brexit campaign ? 
  yeah , totally unrelated . 
  sounds like the delusions of a person that does not want to accept all the little voldemort-style-assholes he is cooperating with to get to his target . 
  also seems like jk rowling was right . 
  but denying reality in this case is actually good for you . 
  it is a sign that there is hope for you . 
  ukip and her voters are btw . 
  the incarnation of the extremist right wing in the uk . 
  they may not look like classic neo nazis . 
  but their mindset is exactly the same . 
  so you are right . 
  they are more like the classical nazis who mask themselves as normal people , and not like this ugly `` neo-nazi '' shit-piles . 
  sounds like you are describing the central bank of any country in the world . 
  you also got a impression wrong about how money works . 
  central banks do n't give out many . 
  it 's not like they have a big stash in their cellars . 
  they practically `` create '' money from nothing and then let you pay interest rates for it . 
  source ? 
  look at your last big vote and see how many have voted for ukip and other neo-nazi parties . 
  much more than 10 % . 
  10 % are 20 % of 50 % , if you know what i mean . 
  so 20 % is actually a low number . 
  that was a good one !, 
  so you mean like about 20 % of all brexit-voters . 
  yes . 
  only one person has been shot so far . 
  i 'm sure he came into the country by a new superfast submarine !, 
  ** please leave ** * why brexit would benefit europe * if europe were a democracy , all of its citizens would have had a say in whether the united kingdom leaves or remains in the european union . 
  after all , it is not the just the fate of the british that brexit would affect , but also the quality and longevity of the entire european project .
