  if that is not a clear result of living in a echo chamber i do n't know what could be . 
  let 's try a different approach : do you have any relevant official resource that admits this concept that is not a left wing propaganda site ? 
  its ok . 
  ignore all those facts in this thread . 
  live in your own reality . 
  next stop : mental hospital . 
  maybe in your echochamber . 
  anybody else still does not eat this bullshit . 
  maybe you should consider facing reality from time to time . 
  i will call sch\u00e4uble immediately . 
  this bullshittery can not go on any longer !, 
  let 's hope poland is fucked first . 
  so we 're still at -7 bn , when we calculate in the debt-cuts 2012 which cost germany ~ 8 billion ? 
  also lets not forget that germany is pledging for ~ 85bn of greek debts . 
  if greece goes bankrupt , this money is gone . 
  so a billion of interest rate seems not too high from my perspective , for a loan of that scale . 
   great logic , all people that do bad get caught right ? 
  no , but your logic is not much better . 
  you just decided to believe the exact opposite . 
   syria does not work together with german authorities it 's even forbidden , to work together . 
  telling a oppressive regime that someone wants to apply for asylum in your country would be pretty stupid . 
  it could result in a big problem for the family and friends of the person who applies . 
  they verify their country of origin . 
  and many countries help . 
  to identify a syrian there are other refugees to help to identify the dialect , language and ask him a few question . 
  and as i said . 
  you only know about this cases - like germans applying for asylum - because they got caught . 
  never forget that when bringing up that argument . 
  you can try to apply , and you may get a few month of payments . 
  but most probably you end up in jail at the end of that `` journey '' . 
  or you find a job and work as anybody else , until syria is safe to go home again . 
  thank you . 
  so you have no papers ? 
  then please give us your surname , the names of your parents , the name of your school and the street you were living . 
  we will ask the local authorities for a copy of your passport to verify your identity . 
  until this is done , you life in container a38 in hinterwald a. anus . 
  you are not allowed to leave city and you have to report in at you local social worker once per week . 
  it will take about a year until your application is progressed . 
  have a nice year . 
  what makes you believe that african countries do n't have a working government and therefore know nothing about their citizens ? 
  especially because we are not only interested in identifying the people from syria and eritrea ( even if syria still has a working government ) . 
  we are interested in people from the other countries , like iraq , pakistan and so on . 
  or with other words : people we need to send back . 
  they give a name , date and place of birth and we ask the country if there is a citizen that lives there and if yes if they can send us his id . 
  then we check if they match the picture or the fingerprints . 
  if not : the checks will be done more thoroughly . 
  also do n't forget about intelligence agencies all over europe and the usa . 
  the middle east is stuffed to the brim with agents , drones , satellites . 
  any person close to a terror organization is under surveillance at least for a short time . 
  facial recognition , finger prints and dna will do the rest . 
  the second ? 
  truth is that lots and lots of background checks happened . 
  you just need to look at the statistics . 
  this `` i have no passport and get asylum immediately '' myth did never work in reality beside a few exceptions which were immediately abused by the right wingers . 
  and even then after some time they were able to identify this persons . 
  or how do you think the press heard about them ? 
  also a long history of slavery and collaboration with pirates from islamic countries , to establish a monopoly in the mediterranean sea while bleeding out all of europe through ultra high prices . 
  thanks to the situation in the mediterranean normal people had only grain and a bit of meat to eat while a few hundred years before we already had all kinds of trade goods from all over europe , north africa and the middle east , thanks to the romans . 
  they are a big part of the reason the medieval times are also called the `` dark age '' . 
  do n't forget that when wandering through their city , full of cultural `` achievements '' . 
  so what ? 
  theory is wrong , anyway . 
  because it obviously has nothing to do with the currency . 
  but ... if you ask like that , there were phases of high surplus before 2000 , too : https://blog.onemarkets.de/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/chart1.jpg you heard about german reunification ? 
  was pretty expensive and hard work . 
  note the red line going down after 1990 , starting to go up again in 2000 . . 
  we already had a huge trade surplus , when the currency was the exact opposite - extremely high . 
  how is that explained in your little theory ? 
  i 'm sure you could learn a thing or two from `` them '' . 
  they are not slow . 
  they just like italian money being invested into german money laundering operations . 
  big difference . 
  and why should n't they ? 
  as long as the mafia behaves and pays taxes ... 
  yes , there are taxes in germany for illegal operations , too . 
  what about the 8 billions they had to write off before ? 
  are they considered ? 
  do n't see anything . 
  http://www.handelsblatt.com/politik/international/8-milliarden-euro-schuldenschnitt-wird-teuer-fuer-deutschland/7168522.html and what about the pledges germany made for greece ? 
  around 85 billions are at risk if greece goes bankrupt ( i 'm not saying this is much of a risk for germany , though ) : http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/griechenland-soviel-verliert-deutschland-bei-pleite-a-1041209.html seems to me the only reason this is not looking good is because someone wants it to look bad by leaving out all relevant context . 
  since we do foods of europe i want to present a nearly forgotten kind of `` kn\u00f6del '' / `` dumpling '' from franconia !, 
  they are my favorite kind of dumpling . 
  very fluffy and they suck the sauce like a sponge . 
  i love them most with rips in dark-beer-sauce and sauerkraut . 
  one of my favorite meals , thanks to grandma !, 
  the picture is from this recipe : http://www.chefkoch.de/rezepte/2174021348988833/fraenkische-mehlknoedel.html?comments=all#kommentar_box_2191115, 
  i agree . 
  both are relevant and important . 
  sad that this factors are not relevant in this university comparisons , though . 
  we get constantly slapped with arguments like `` your universities may be free , but they stand no chance against the ivy league ! '', 
  because people do n't know the difference . 
  you are also able to participate in research projects in germany . 
  they are just not provided by the university . 
  you work part time for a company or research institute and do it there . 
  many of them even pay you for that work and if you do good there are chances that you already have a job when you come out of university . 
  the result is that you learn the basics in university and specialize in whatever you want through the company/research institute you chose . 
  in that way you are not bound to the research available at the campus , but you can specialize in whatever you want . 
  our research industry is doing pretty well : patents per 1.000.000 are three times as high as in britain and still higher then in the usa ( 2014 ) : https://www.destatis.de/de/zahlenfakten/laenderregionen/internationales/thema/tabellen/basistabelle_patente.html, 
  the german universities are very different to the english ones , though . 
  they can not stand a chance against a standard that gives you bonus points for having academic research and such things .
