  `` it was your fault !, 
  get over it ! '', 
  sure . 
  so the loser wrote the history ? 
  well ... that 's a pretty new concept . 
  sounds legit !, 
  i often heard that myth . 
  i also heard that the german emporer was at vacation at this time and did n't even answer the call to arms with more than an `` of course we are honoring our alliance '' . 
  he was n't even aware that a war has started . 
  there are so many myth ' and so much propaganda around this situation . 
  and i 'm quite sure allied propaganda did his part , too . 
  they tried to avoid it . 
  nonetheless they had to pay . 
  allied forces even occupied 3 big german cities to force us to the payment . 
  the whole government resignated after this . 
  so they tried to reduce the payments , but werent able to . 
  the sum was 269 billion goldmark and 12 % of all our exports . 
  can you even imagine how much money this is today ? 
  too mild ? 
  we had to pay mountains of money that ruined our whole economy . 
  we were n't allow to have any relevant military at all . 
  and all that for a war we have n't even started but were called to arms because we honored our alliance with austria . 
  versailles was the direct reason hitler was able to get into power . 
  the result of ww2 on the other side was pretty moderate . 
  beside a few destroyed cities the usa introduced the marshal plan and even helped us to get our economy to grow enormously . 
  so the direct result of this `` humiliation '' was the german `` wirtschaftswunder '' . 
  of course this was done for selfish reasons . 
  but nonetheless it was not even close to the hate that was filling germany after ww1 . 
  so you are also believing that the only way to get a cold is if you not wash your hands and get not enough sleep ? 
  because thats the only way his whole analogy works . 
  overall it is pretty stupid in cause of that . 
  :p especially because my whole analogy is about treating cause and symptoms of a cold `` we '' already have . 
  and not about not getting a cold in the first place . 
  because ... for that its already too late . 
  that was pretty hard to read . 
  but thanks for your inside opinion . 
  seems like its not as common as you suggest . 
  it has been updated to include modern research several times . 
  its also still in use . 
  so not really debunked . 
  it also adds nothing to the statement above . 
  but thanks for derailing the discussion again !, 
  no , i 'm not . 
  not even closely . 
  and please do n't even start to tell me how the things i 'm saying are meant . 
  that 's one interpretation . 
  the one brought into existence by your mind , in fact . 
  another could be - for example - that a normal cold is a very harmless problem that will go away with some cups of hot tea and a few days of relaxing and causes no long term damage . 
  ever heard about the rorschach test ? 
  so thanks for this moderately interesting inside view into your mind . 
  this `` perpetuation of a misconception '' is nonetheless a implication and a interpretation * you * have brought into the discussion . 
  since there are no real other ways of `` treating '' - to make it more clear - a bacteria induced cold than antibiotics , the statement was right . 
  the statement does not contain any evaluation if that is good or bad . 
  its just a cold fact . 
  so no reason to get triggered by it . 
  btw . 
  : the last time i used antibiotics was about 15 years ago . 
   all ~ ~ we 're seeing ~ ~ i see is a reactionary aspirin handout ftfy, 
  such a simple analogy . 
  nonetheless i triggered two responses about treating colds with antibiotics !, 
  i must be doing something wrong . 
  well , over here in germany we do n't decide our medication by ourselves . 
  thats not the way it is done , if you have the resources to do both . 
  in this case this are 2 entirely different things . 
  or do you expect the cologne police to fight the refugee crisis ? 
  this is just not their job . 
  you do n't treat a cold only by eating lots of anti biotics . 
  you also trink a nice tea , eat a cough sweet and take a warm bath to reduce the symptoms . 
  but isnt that true for any label ? 
  liberal , leftist , alt-right . 
  humanity has a strong affinity to put anything into a box , to make the world easier to understand - without noticing that it actually gets more complicated in cause of that . 
  no reason why we should n't fight both . 
  too many right wing nuts trolling us with their mind-numbingly stupid polemic . 
  i think i 'm getting a bit paranoid and start to see trump supporters and putin 's trolls everywhere . 
  so you 're implying we or the press should ask them . 
  and why should they tell someone anything different if they 're lying - like you implied it - about this investigation from the start ? 
  no , you were implying that the police is n't handling the case . 
  how should anyone answer your question ? 
  can we go into the bka , knock on every door and ask if they 're handling the case ? 
  or what do you expect as an answer . 
  i thought you were talking about the emission scandal . 
  why is it bad engineering if you build exactly what you have planned ? 
  even if its built that way to save money and to cheat your customers it can be still good engineering . 
  so is this pro- or anti-russion propaganda ? 
  everytime someone is using the word `` hoist '' i think about this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnrjt4rcymm pretty appropriate for those turkey-pirates . 
  i always had the feeling in school that young turks were really hating us . 
  we had brawls with them since first class in school . 
  not sure where they get this from . 
  either by their family environment or their teachers who are payed and set in place by the turkish government . 
  but that they grow up in separated school classes , indoctrinated by the turkish government does not help . 
  i used google and it seems to back up his argument . 
  and he is right . 
  many articles about muslims drowning in germany . 
  none about germans harassing any muslim girls in public schools . 
  only some about muslim dudes harassing our girls . 
  maybe that will help you ? 
  at least it explains why their parents think they need a hijab or burka . 
  maybe it is true . 
  a right wing government propagating right wing thoughts actually have influence on people !, 
  now imagine a company who lends money from itself by printing it in their cellars .
