  check !, 
  love for beer ? 
  check !, 
  love for manufacturing things ? 
  check !, 
  i think we would be pretty awesome dwarves !, 
  then maybe we should only allow those refugees from the netherlands !, 
  interesting . 
  i never made that connection since i was that young . 
  seems like children have their own `` sub-language '' they pass to their successors without interference of the parents . 
  i wonder if the reason for this is the kindergarten-staff . 
  or the children themselves . 
  not bad . 
  but really . 
  is there a sub that has n't sunk the uss enterprise in this exercises ? 
  thats why they do this exercises . 
  even the old u206a sunk them multiple times . 
  :d and since the gotland was designed at first by thyssenkrupp until sweden basically stole the technology by bribing their engineers to work for saab , i would n't be too proud either . 
  hey , nothing against a fair bit of patriotism . 
  but officals would never publish this kind of information . 
  there is normally much more secrecy around submarines than every other part of the military , maybe beside communication technology and surveillance ( which is the main mission for those submarines , too ) . 
  they also do n't tend to humiliate their allies by proclaiming `` we fucked them all ! '', 
  so its hard to believe that those news are more than hearsay from a random dude with no real insight . 
  gotland is better ? 
  can not even attack land or airial targets . 
  for me it looks like the sole reason of this submarine is to fight russian submarines . 
  it may excel in that single role . 
  i find the u212a especially interesting because it basically has a engine that produces chemical pure water as only output , which is then used for the crew . 
  it has a hull that is not detectable by electromagnetic sensors ( also is able to dive in areas with mines ) and is very hard to detect with sonar and has extremely low noise emissions . 
  it also is coated with a special compound fibre that reduces detection possibilities even further . 
  and i 'm not sure , but i think the u212a currently holds the dive-time world record for submarines with non-nuclear engines . 
  so where exactly is the gotland class better ? 
   or just spend the money in a productive way . 
  i mean , the german military right now is a joke . 
  there 's much that can be fixed with additional funding . 
      germany 's air force grounds half its fleet of tornado jets due to ` loose screws '     germany 's army is so under-equipped that it used broomsticks instead of machine guns     bundeswehr overstretched and underfunded , commissioner says if you would 've been part of the military you would understand that this is not a result of letting things go to shit because everyone is careless . 
  its about reducing investments in sectors where no investments are necessary in peace times . 
  yes , the tornados are grounded . 
  but just because we do n't need them . 
  its just much cheaper to stretch repairs over 24 month that could have done in 24 hours . 
  you conservate the jet and put it in a hangar . 
  now it 's broken down and grounded . 
  but is this bad ? 
  no , its grounded because we allow it to be grounded . 
  they would be ready within a few days and weeks . 
  and that would be more than enough to react to any threat . 
  i also wonder where you get your numbers from . 
  according to wiki these are the real numbers of fighter jets : tornado ids/recce : 334 overall , 68 in active service . 
  tornado rce : 35/21 eurofighter : 140/123, 
  yeah sure . 
  they were defeated . 
  after about 80 years of invasions and occupying a large part of the british isles . 
  total wimps !, 
  super wimps !, 
  sorry , i would give him credit if this had happened 75 years earlier . 
  and if you study the vikings : the reason why they were defeated is mostly because they hated to work together and used every chance to kill eachother in eternal grudges and feuds . 
  no , i 'm saying that there is a `` significant '' part of this gdp growth that is artificial and is created by lending money . 
  not that this is a negative thing or something . 
  i do n't want to say the `` refugees are ruining our economy '' or whatever . 
  i do n't think a country with a budget deficit does willingly spent this money `` otherwise '' . 
  they do n't lend money for fun but because they need it . 
  2016 was a all time high in italy . 
  about 4 billion were spent on this 2016 refugees alone , not counting in the refugees from the previous years . 
  if that is miniscule , then compare it to their gdp growth . 
  0,9 % of 2,1 trillion is not as much as you might think . 
  in greece its even closer . 
  i also do n't say `` this happens in cause of refugees '' . 
  i 'm saying that this is a part of this growth that will be gone , when this crisis is over . 
   the government could take the money that it spends on shelters and post it through letterboxes , and you 'd still have the effect you described though . 
   it 's not hard for governments to spend money . 
  this is true . 
  it could , but it happens not as often as i would like it !, 
  :p but when it happens - for example in form of a tax reduction - it often also increases the gdp because people spend more money . 
   besides , you think that the same tiny , temporary effect is responsible for growth in every eu country at the same time ? 
  no , not in every country . 
  but not all had economic problems . 
  a important part of countries with economic problems in europe are also the countries with many refugees . 
  for example : greece and italy . 
  italy only grew by 0,9 % and had more refugees than ever before in 2016 . 
  with that logic you never get a `` proven transport plane '' . 
  please keep your propaganda for yourself . 
  the meeting was 2014 . 
  and they agreed to match those 2 % targets . 
  ** within a decade ** the only reason why they are doing this so fast now is because they want to get rid of this loudmouth-bullshit from trump and his stupid followers . 
  i also provided another source . 
  hehe !, 
  sure , its not the general price for a shelter . 
  nonetheless : this system is abused wherever possible . 
  in saying that a part of this growth is only temporary ? 
  what kind of political target would that fit ? 
  away with you !, 
  i 'm only trying to say that this increase in growth could be a temporary thing . 
  when the refugees are gone , this part of the gdp will be gone , too . 
  without any replacement . 
  a short anecdote : i heard from a friend who is working in security for a company in bremen . 
  they were guards at those shelters . 
  but the amount of refugees is decreasing daily and many company who were created solely for this purpose are already starting to close down , already . 
  for a while he did nothing else than guarding those shelters . 
  now they are empty and he is working on completely different things again . 
  http://www.rbb-online.de/politik/thema/fluechtlinge/berlin/2016/02/fluechtlinge-unterbringung-hostel-wohnung-geschaeft.html it caused a little bit of an outcry .
