  vw was a huge competition to anything produced in the usa . 
  so when the usa gets a chance like this they will fuck competition as hard as possible , while their own companies - basically doing the same thing for years - are ignored . 
  the usa are like many other countries a minefield for many non us companies in cause of this . 
  in my opinion the state should be completely disconnected from the economy and not help any company at the cost of another one . 
  this whole trial is a result of lobbyists infiltrating all state organisations . 
  vw should react by reducing their production facilities in the us and not in germany and other european countries . 
  but there seem to be something going on behind closed doors that threatens them to react even harsher if they would do this . 
  reducing their workforce in the us by 30.000 worker would be a appropriate boomerang . 
  nice !, 
  hardest laugh of the day !, 
  thank you !, 
  every culture reacts differently . 
  some just accept that they 've been beaten and try to make the best out of the situation . 
  some not . 
  especially if you hit them only half assed and only fight the military until they surrender because you expect civilians to react rational after their country is occupied and their infrastructure lies in ruins , with countless innocent victims everywhere . 
  for example germany invading france with blitzkrieg . 
  and look how the allies brought germany down . 
  city after city molten to glass . 
  beside the nuclear fallout all our big cities looked like hiroshima . 
  nobody still wanted to fight after this . 
  europe was never so peaceful before . 
  it also depends on the victory conditions . 
  just look at germany and the rise of extremism after world war 1 which lead directly to ww2 . 
  there a exceptions , though . 
  afghanistan vs russia . 
  or usa vs vietnam . 
  but this wars were both fueled secretly by the us and russia . 
  hard to tell how this would have gone without them interfering . 
  the lesson of all this wars is : not only the government but also the civilians must actively want peace . 
  or the war will take forever . 
  maybe iraq is over soon , though . 
  i 'm sure after isis raped the country again they all will have enough of this shit for a very long time . 
  they explained why it took so long to find his id by themselves . 
  or do you think otherwise they would have waited more than 2 days to give his face and name to the public ? 
  because that would be even more strange . 
  i 'm sure he wouldnt even have been able to get through a train station , especially in france , if they would 've known his face . 
  they shut munich down and blocked every road , closed all trains and the airport a few months ago . 
  there was an police force of about 3000 officers on the roads . 
  and munich also is n't exactly small and surrounded by countess small villlages with small roads in and out . 
  and they did n't stop after they found the dude who shot himself . 
  they first made sure that everything 's fine and that he was alone . 
  and the thing about his papers and the fingerprint was n't just the press . 
  they stated it in an article from dw.com . 
  thats how they search for evidence . 
  they start for example at the door and work their way through the lorry to the other side , millimeter by millimeter . 
  this may be very thorough and im sure it helps in the courtroom . 
  but in this matter speed was much more important . 
  you ca n't take 2 days when a terrorist is on the lose and you know nothing about his identity . 
  sounds a lot like the super stupid conspiracy theories in / r/the _ donald . 
  the jump from terrorists to eu army was a bit far fetched . 
  especially because a eu military would have changed nothing in all known cases of terrorism in europe . 
  but i guess some stupid trump voters would buy it . 
  and the smart ones acknowledge it because they can push their agenda . 
  not a bad career start for a propaganda journalist . 
  is this your application for breitbart ? 
  no , it only shows that it was a mistake to not shut the city down and search everyone on the scene . 
  instead they picked up one random dude , that obviously wasn hurt at all , had no gun and no gun residues on him . 
  all these things should have caused some serious doubts . 
  but instead they decided to not shut the city down and focused solely on him . 
  and then it took them 2 days to find his papers and his cell phone and to search for his prints . 
  and all that in cause of a procedure that forces them to search it millimeter after millimeter instead of looking for major clues first and taking prints and dna from the hotspots . 
  how is this possible , when time means everything ? 
  i seriously ca n't believe that they work that way . 
  sounds like they have some enormous problems with bureaucracy going on . 
  or there is a other reason to this increase than islam itself . 
  i place my bet on three war torn countries and millions of victims of these wars . 
  old school terrorists . 
  this map is shit . 
  we already knew he * was looking for others to plan an attack * tried to buy a gun from an police informer * lived in the same appartment as another dude on trial for being an isis supporter - was a suspect for murder of a 16 year old in october sorry , but `` potentially trying to start an attack '' is pretty lame to the things we already knew . 
  if this things were n't enough to remove him , a vague tip would change nothing, 
  berlin police had the choice though . 
  after the thing in munich happened , everything was shut down in minutes until they were sure they had him . 
  no traffic , no trains , all roads cut off , helicopters everywhere . 
  it should be possible for our citizens to be on such a shutdown for some hours . 
  thanks italy !, 
  good that your officer is already getting better . 
  and a big relief that this motherfucker is no longer on the lose . 
  best possible christmas gift . 
  yeah , and there lies your problem . 
  starving in a tend , sleeping in your own shit while being threatened from the government by bulldozers to leave the place to get completely homeless is comparable to bad hotel food . 
  sure . 
  i just try to understand how he changed from a normal dude to a extremists . 
  i honestly do n't care if he is a victim or not . 
  i just try to understand what happened . 
  if his family is right , he was n't one from the start . 
  and i tend to believe them . 
  i guess being a migrant is a pretty hard life . 
  especially in places like lampedusa . 
  and if you are a little bit dump and easily to influence not much more than a few wrong people are necessary , i guess . 
  not according to your numbers . 
  the us claimed that 50000 have been killed and nobody knows for sure how many are alive . 
  in your article are about 20000 listed . 
  so where do you think are the others from ? 
  : o http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-50000-fighters-killed-two-years-iraq-mosul-syria-air-strikes-coalition-us-bombing-battles-a7464501.html, 
  not sure . 
  they should n't allow islamists grouping up in there . 
  is n't it a known problem that our prisons are a breeding ground for terrorists and extremists ? 
  sorry , but i do n't buy that . 
  he got involved in an arson attack because lampedusa was a shithole . 
  any sane person would try to burn that down .
