  i 'm not sure . 
  pre-brexit and pre refugee-crisis she was considered `` always hesitating '' . 
  now after all the trouble during brexit and the trump election people are taking the same behaviour as stable , cool-headed and considerate . 
  i always had the impression that things are going pretty well overall - at least in my little part of germany - since she is in charge . 
  all members of my family and all my friends have a job . 
  my granny is doing fine with her pension . 
  our company is constantly growing . 
  the only thing i hate about the current situation is that food quality seems to decline and all those small little grocery stores , bakeries , butcheries and so on are replaced with rewe , lidl and aldi , which leads to a strong decline in terms of fresh-food variety . 
  i hope amazon fresh will be a thing here soon , too . 
  i 'm not even able to buy a good steak or a fresh lobster without driving 45 minutes to a good shop . 
  but i guess if that 's all i 'm worrying about , i 'm actually doing pretty fine . 
  stop chanting that `` the vote is already over '' bullshit . 
  it only leads to less voter participation . 
  and that leads to more votes for le pen . 
  everyone told them that it will get nasty , maybe beside farage . 
  1,5 years ago , swimming in the flood of brexit bullshit , even i was able to predict that exactly this is going to happen . 
  yeah . 
  a country held together by xenophobic resentments ... how could that go wrong ? 
  what is your problem with the simple reality that both things are happening ? 
  why do you think this is belittling ? 
  the uk is ruled by a government that helped to flood the people with lies and myth during and now - after it became clear that a large part of pro-brexit `` facts '' where pure bullshit - tries to cover it up by breeding xenophobic resentments like `` we do n't want to be a part of the 4th reich '' and similar bullshit . 
  guess what : we do n't like to be called hitler all day . 
  that 's why at least i have no problem with a little bit of propaganda spread in your country . 
  i mean you are bombarded by your own government 's , putin 's and murdoch 's rags since years . 
  why is it so important for you that the eu is keeping it hands out of this ? 
  you sound a bit salty . 
  just like everyone else in europe when he talks about uk . 
  a question for you : if we 'd need protection so eagerly , would n't it be easier to make presents to trump instead of may ? 
  he recently seems to invest a lot into his military while uk seems to be a bit unreliable right now . 
  from government institutions being totally overburdened to a unclear economic future . 
  what if your economy breaks down and you have to make cuts to military budget ? 
  if i look at recent reddit comments i also get the strong feeling that there is still some strong anti-eu propaganda in effect in uk . 
  i have the impression that there is a recent development that shifts the reasons for brexit ( sounds absurd , right ? ) . 
  it more and more boils down to things like `` i do n't want to be a part of the 4th reich '' . 
  and who wonders ? 
  most `` rational '' arguments have been busted as myth . 
  so its only the next logical step that your government - who supported brexit - works together with ukip to influence the press to hide that fact by creating a new common enemy . 
  how could that go wrong ? 
  my guess would that supporting right wing ideologies by breeding xenophobic resentments will help ukip in the next election in 4 years . 
  that 's why my personal opinion is that we should n't trust the uk . 
  you just left our club . 
  and now you want to become our bouncer ? 
  i think this position is too important and needs to be given to someone we trust instead of giving it to a unstable , shady country who could use it as leverage in any future negotiation . 
  there is a difference between trying to become and becoming a migrant . 
  their nationality and european culture may have increased their general acceptance as refugees . 
  it changed nothing on the fact that after the war was over , they moved back to their country . 
  refugees are not automatically immigrants . 
  this also means no need for assimilation . 
   europe 's poor border controls and poor enforcement of deportation regulations allowed him to continue to roam around germany . 
  these youths want a more authoritarian , more rigid and more forceful hand with regards to immigration , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to think someone like anis amri would be much more likely to be caught in such a net . 
  better border patrols and more rigid deportation regulations would be a good thing in my opinion . 
  nonetheless you 're projecting your own - legit - opinion into the mind of the le-pen-youth and think they are right , while reality is that they learned nothing but the said right wing mumbo-jumbo . 
  border patrols are only a very small part of the world of hate and fear le pens followers are living in . 
  that is true or not . 
  i do n't know . 
  anis amri was a criminal on the run in germany . 
  not sure how the statistics look for criminals on the run in germany , or if they are better or worse then anywhere else . 
  but what in the world has this to do with the `` immigration '' fears of the french le-pen-youth ? 
  he was neither a immigrant ( because for that you need to be accepted ) nor a refugee . 
  what does one thing have to do with the other ? 
  are we now talking about illegal immigrants who are stealing your jobs and social care even if they are not allowed to work and for sure will never get any kind of social care without residence permit ? 
  this right wing mumbo-jumbo is really annoying . 
  not a single person who is talking about those `` immigrants '' seems to even know what he is really talking about . 
  that 's the standard answer to that topic i hear every time when someone is making that clear . 
  if a government decides to give them citizenship even after their country is peaceful again its not the eu who is responsible for that . 
  it 's your politicians . 
  a refugee can not just `` decide '' to stay and become a immigrant . 
  a good example is the kosovo war btw . 
  we had many bosnian refugees at our school . 
  after the war was over they left . 
  if i would be a / r/the _ donald follower i would say germany should send an application to / r/arabs to get their flag up there beside the other arab countries . 
  i think immigration from non-eu countries should be a national thing . 
  if a country decides against too much immigrants - for example because they do n't need them - its perfectly fine to say no . 
  and if i 'm not wrong the eu has no big saying in that matter . 
  refugees are not immigrants though . 
  a pretty common mistake nowadays . 
  almost seems like those right-wingers know they 'd do something wrong if they deny a war refugee shelter . 
  i guess it 's easier for a person like that to lie to themselves if they just call them immigrants . 
  orban is resistant to cooperation anyway . 
  he is a russian troll , through and through . 
  sometimes you just need to accept that a person is lost . 
  i think that 's the main reason for the article . 
  no days goes by without a shitload of those anti-german resentments packed in jokes or stupid articles . 
  you are right to some extent . 
  to fight militarism you need to get it out of your peoples head . 
  and that can only be done by brainwashing . 
  i would say the allied brainwashing through school-education after ww2 did a very good job at removing any kind of militarism from our people . 
  we had hundreds of years of military tradition and experience which is now completely eradicated or marked `` nazi '' . 
  so actually the conclusion is to bring your enemy down to his knees , teach his children how bad war is and to hate militarism and then wait 20-30 years . 
  the stupid thing is then a president like trump who tells us to fulfil our militaristic duties . 
  so how do you feel now that it has been proven the thing is actually from greece and only packaged in germany ? 
  `` smart '' people like you - that jump on hate trains with out any double check - are the real reason for brexit . 
  thats how bad product that tastes like shit are brought into existence . 
  the examples are countless and never good . 
  it only makes sense when you do n't like good food . 
  form . 
  its about taking something that already exists and giving it a new form . 
  i agree . 
  this is a tedious game that results in nothing but a shift of a few percentages here and there . 
  pretty useless and more dangerous than it should be .
