  i believe - even if all of this is anecdotal knowledge - the whole treaty is a joke and has already failed . 
  and this vote on armenian genocide was just merkels way to they thanks to erdogan . 
  nobody is talking about military bases . 
  im talking about mines and factories driven by the chinese . 
  the regular outfit is : 1 . 
  settlement where the workers life 2 . 
  private railroads or buses where the workers are transported . 
  mines and factorys where they work . 
  the security guards are all from the chinese military , even in private companies . 
  they can rule supreme in this little kingdoms and nobody cares about their workers at all . 
  i see a problem if the local `` government '' is a dictator who get 's bribed by the chinese to allow this . 
  you should notice the difference . 
  investment is something different than that what china is doing . 
  you do n't built your own settlements and railroads and then put your own soldiers there to protect them . 
  it reminds me alot of the companies in the usa at the beginning of the 20th century . 
  you know the song about the `` company store '' ? 
  forgot the title . 
  my best friend in school was from turkey . 
  so i know their temper pretty well . 
  they may get angry very fast , but they are also very loyal and good friends . 
  it was like having the hulk as friend because he was by far the biggest guy in our class !, 
  :d so no . 
  i do n't think one person is necessarily a bad person because he gets easily angry . 
  yes !, 
  more high-tech weapons for the pkk maybe ? 
  or some help for assad to rebuild his country ? 
  i think 20 billions would be no problem . 
  we do n't know what to do with it anyway . 
  and this would be better than investing all of it in the autobahn , as it seem like they are doing right at the moment . 
  its hell on earth to drive home on friday these days !, 
  there are four fucking building sites in 150 kilometers . 
  would be better to give that money to assad . 
  honestly i 'm not so sure what this article means . 
  one article says china is going to `` loan '' 1 trillion to africa until 2025 . 
  and this articles says up to now - from 2000-2014 they only invested 89 billion and it does n't look like it will be even close to a trillion . 
  but what does a loan has anything to do with private and state controlled companies that are building up factories and exploiting resources in africa ? 
  and why do you correlate `` bribe '' with `` loan '' ? 
  in fact china is already doing this since years . 
  they buy a countrys government and then exploit their workforce and natural resources . 
  they built a factory , a settlement for the workers and a railroad from the settlement to the workplace and secure this places with chinese soldiers . 
  in fact this is nothing but slavery and modern colonialism . 
  so yes , a growing part of china is already using africa in this way because their workforce is cheaper then chinas and you can get any kind of resource if you bribe the right person . 
  why should any sane person do this ? 
  you want angela merkel to act like some kind of ancient knight with a honor-codex . 
  but that it 's not how politics of our day work . 
  you treat people in the exact way that enables you to get the biggest benefit from them . 
  especially their blood !, 
  there is a difference between justification and explanation . 
  when a group of people gets easily heat up you should treat them differently . 
  you mean we should sent them back and then pay for their rent and daily needs ? 
  not a bad idea . 
  and if we do it the german style we would send a few construction companies , let by the family of the minister who sent them there , to built some apartments or houses for them , too . 
  it is not . 
  merkel did not invite anyone . 
  some stupid british news-agency reinterpreted one of her speeches where she basically stated the german law which says that if a refugee arrives at our border , we are not allow to sent him away . 
  a law that is in effect in nearly every eu country btw . 
  the only difference : they do n't give a fuck . 
  good idea . 
  better we use that aid to finance their people that now life over here !, 
  i 'm sure in texas the only thing that is talking to strangers are guns !, 
  they are mostly of german origin , though . 
  so i guess that does n't count . 
  so is this more or less than last year ? 
  would be pretty stupid . 
  the turks are pretty proud . 
  they just need some more time to let of some steam and everything will be fine again . 
  if you fire back things will escalate . 
  they could try to bomb them , then criminalize all of them in cause of their reaction and then destroy all their political power in the parliament . 
  and you watched obviously only 10 seconds . 
  the difference is that they are not directly own by our ruling party . 
  nice . 
  good work btw . 
  in shooting 3 unarmed dudes . 
  i hope this makes you proud about your country . 
  yeah , sure . 
  that 's why they get off the vehicle unarmed and without a vest . 
  :d and what do you want to say with this pkk example ? 
  they both signed a ceasefire treaty that was in effect at this time . 
  realpolitik that i call treason . 
  he is a member of a military alliance and collaborated with the enemy for financial gain and to reduce the chance of being attacked . 
  by militant you mean `` member of the turkish military '' ? 
  :d there is evidence everywhere . 
  one second of googling could reveal this to anyone . 
  no need for me to prove anything . 
  good to know . 
  you better write that down !, 
  i 'm pretty sure you can make this a headline of some turkish newspaper by tomorrow . 
  i 'm sure not even erdogan knew about this , but i 'm also sure he is going to belief every bit of your nice little story . 
  meanwhile in turkey : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjta3ultocm&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m29s, 
  so why his support for isis ? 
  do n't even start with numbers like 7000 . 
  we are constantly blamed for more than a hundred million . 
  so if you try it with propaganda at least do it right . 
  how about adding all the other casualities in iraq , afghanistan and syria , too ? 
  i 'm sure erdogans goons are able to come up with another fantastic story to back this up . 
  if you would n't love erdogan you would n't constantly cite his propaganda machinery . 
  and this articles are so clearly and cheaply made up erdogan-propaganda that even his closest follower should see behind it . 
  i mean after reading `` the pkk ended the ceasefire and its their fault that we are at war with them '' even you should ask yourself : just what the fuck . 
  nobody has forgotten his participation in the anti-is-coalition , which ended in openly helping the is and bombing the pkk because he thought he could use the conflict to get rid of the kurds . 
  erdogan is such a wimp .
