  especially because the very core of this ideology is about fear and hate . 
  come on greece and spain !, 
  you can make it !, 
  its ok . you help to destroy their countries and to turn peoples into extremists . 
  and we take the dudes fleeing from those extremists to integrate them into our economy . 
  everyone profits . 
  i think this works pretty well . 
  did you notice the perception shift of isis in society ? 
  at the beginning they were unstoppable defenders of islam that kill sinful westerners whenever possible . 
  they were perceived as a threat to western society and were attractive to any muslim who hates the west in any way . 
  now they are perceived as murderers that slay everyone who does not comply , including their own men if they 're not able to hold their ground - which seems to happen more and more often . 
  i think this is achieved by pinpointing their biggest mistakes , cruelties and fanatism without any of the romanticizing we 've seen in the early days . 
  so by forcing them into their extremist corner and showing their true cruel hearts to the public we may have lost the people that are already fighting for isis . 
  but i 'm sure recruiting gets harder and harder every day for them . 
  i would love to have this neutral ground . 
  but that is the problem . 
  it 's not us making them hide in their echo chambers . 
  they do it , because they do n't want this seed of uncertainty be spread . 
  they know there are `` weak '' minded people who could get dragged on the other side . 
  from my perspective there is not too much damage done by polarizing already polarized people . 
  not only speaking like one . 
  he also lies like one . 
  what i 'm most concerned about is that so many people are buying this bullshit . 
  i 'm with you . 
  this would be the optimum . 
  but i also think this would only work in a perfect world where anyone is open to discussion and rational arguments . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm a bit too fatalistic in this case and i remember thinking the same way like you , about 15 years ago . 
  but i have made the experience that there are many humans out there that are so heavily indoctrinated that just talking is no longer a feasible way to bring them back to the light . 
  talking to them is like talking to an automatic answering machine who repeat the same sentence over and over again . 
  in the case of the_donald its even worse . 
  you are not even allowed to state any opinion that does n't fit their point of view . 
  so - to stay in the example - its joe mcneckbeard who shuts everyone down the moment they tell him something he does n't like . 
  he accept only very special sources as news intake and only talks to like minded people . 
  so what is your idea ? 
  how should you talk to someone who just puts his fingers in his ears and start to shout `` mimimimimimi '' until you are gone ? 
  anybody is mocking the knowledge transfer from europe to china by sellout of europe . 
  but nobody seems to be irritated when the usa sets up camp to siphon knowledge . 
  we never should forget what trump has to say about the matter http://time.com/4453084/donald-trump-angela-merkel-germany-immigration/ * `` frankly , look , europe 's going to have to handle it . 
  but they 're going to have riots in germany . 
  what 's happening in germany , i always thought merkel was , like , this great leader , '' trump said on face the nation on cbs on oct. 11 . 
  `` what she 's done in germany is insane . 
  it 's insane . '' *, 
  i do n't think its censorship to prevent extremists from spreading propaganda . 
  you do n't get the idea of echo chambers , is n't it ? 
  go on , try to discuss anything with the dudes at the_donald . 
  its even in their rules that they do n't allow opposing views . 
  and how should you talk to someone who starts to remove you from their room the moment its visible to them that you are not having the same opinion as them ? 
  how do you stop them from dragging even more people in their shithole . 
  the only good way i see is not giving them any platforms for their stupid propaganda . 
  the suppression of propaganda is not the same as suppressing opinions . 
  yes , that explains the whole situation of becoming an assholes pretty good . 
  its a pretty subjective viewpoint . 
  also : many trump supporters , including trump act like the biggest assholes in the world . 
  they just do n't do it on reddit . 
  big difference . 
  but not easy to get , if you life too long in those echo chambers . 
  isis did not only recruit people by showing them execution videos all day . 
  false information , blatant lies , echo-chambers , arbitrary interpretation of religious texts and all kinds of propaganda were their toolset of choice . 
  so basically the same recruitment and indoctrination toolset many extremist right wingers are using in the_donald . 
  showing such a link would be hard , because / u/spez and his friends would have deleted it long ago . 
  thanks to this it 's `` only '' a right wing echo-chamber full of stupid propaganda bullshit . 
  :p however : while the headlines are free of such content , the comments are n't . 
  i also did n't say `` the_donald '' but `` people '' . 
  i know the difference is not easy to understand . 
  to clarify : just because - for example - a asshole follows the rules to not get banned from reddit it does not mean he is automatically no asshole anymore . 
  but why ? 
  in my eyes he is a hero . 
  there is no reason to treat people that promote intolerance , discrimination and the violation of basic human rights with any kind of respect . 
  because if we would do that with consequence we would have to also let for example isis in to promote their opinion on the front page . 
  or do you think for example the kkk is any better than those isis dudes ? 
  tolerance against intolerance is a one way street . 
  i really would have thought erdogan is going to get closer to the kremlin . 
  now i 'm not sure if his delusional fantasies about being a superpower are the reason for this . 
  or that he thought about it and decided to stay with the nato . 
  it would be so easy for yourself to check these facts . 
  because not a single thing you said is actually happening or true . 
  if you are interested : the crime statistics are openly available for everyone . 
  it is really interesting for me , how a human being becomes a person like you . 
  how is this possible ? 
  was there a person that told you all this and you bought it without checking it ? 
  someone tells you the sky is green and you accept it ? 
  or do they even tell you `` do n't believe the press '' or `` do n't trust official statistics '' or whatever . 
  because that 's a pretty old tactic . 
  you know , the inquisition burned countless people in cause of heresy . 
  and anyone who questioned the church was led by satan , so their words where made irrelevant and/or per se a lie . 
  this has been done countless times in history and its always the same scheme . 
  how long did it take for the church to accept that the earth is not the center of the universe ? 
  how many people died to force the catholic church to not speak latin during their church service and to let people actually understand what they were praying ? 
  so if someone starts to tell you `` do n't listen to them '' , `` they are all lying '' , `` the news are nothing but propaganda '' and in any way tries to prevent that you listen to the arguments or even discuss with the `` other '' side you should start to be very careful with that person . 
  morality is not separated in good and evil and the truth is never simple . 
  to make it short : 1 . 
  migrants ! = refugees 2 . 
  cologne attack = migrants . 
  merkel let in refugees . 
  you blaming merkel for refugee policy in cause of crimes commited by migrants = stupid . 
  and its the problem of everyone else in europe , that they give a shit about their own law . 
  which basically states everywhere : if a refugee crosses your border , you have to care for him . 
  i 'm sorry that the most countrys of europe care so little for the rule of their own law because its just so aggravating to follow it . 
  i also read about this yesterday . 
  the real reason is that they ca n't rely on government to get a export approval .
