  actually its the opposite . 
  its about linguistic displays of disrespect , used to insult a person . 
  for example by calling obama in a direct meeting with him `` hussein '' without even having met him before . 
  especially if you have a history of being a kkk member this would be treated as an insult . 
  also do n't forget that this rarely ever results in more then a fine . 
  not even a high one . 
  i also do n't know a single person who has been fined in cause of that . 
  so its not only only a fine , but nobody beside some thin-skinned old ladies would ever think about bringing you to court for this . 
  you really should stop too see the diplomacy between countries the same way like the relation between you and your friends . 
  every government is working to serve it 's people . 
  so every country is doing everything to serve itself first . 
  when they cooperate they do it for the gain . 
  no country does anything without short - or long-term interest in mind . 
  in this case its in the interest of we to keep a reliable gas trade , also to keep gas prices low and to avoid the of building a huge and expensive lng infrastructure just to help ukraine . 
  as cold as this sounds . 
  this is the reality . 
  the us has different interests in this game . 
  especially about selling gas to europe and to dismantle europe before it becomes another global superpower . 
  divide et impera - btw the single most dangerous premise in human history . 
  both interests are served by helping the ee in this case . 
  the ee on the other hand sees only one thing in you . 
  a big gun pointed at russia . 
  a gun that comes nearly completely for free . 
  just a bit of propaganda and heating up the environment against we . 
  `` economic organizations '' means mostly banks here . 
  the ones who caused the 2008 fuck-up in the first place and now play the blame game . 
  and suddenly germany is responsible for economic problems caused by people who trashed more then 20.000.000.000.000 $ of our money . 
  why ? 
  because many people actually want to believe that our success can not come from something else then sucking the life of every single person in europe . 
  well , it could also decrease the employment in other countries , is n't it ? 
  because that is actually the `` theory '' of those goldman sachs dudes , who want to cloud their 2008 fuck-up by blaming everyone , but themselves . 
  maybe you should read the history of the crisis again ? 
  to me it looked like there was not much choice beside shooting them down . 
  europe was simply not prepared . 
  also : sympathies were much stronger for them back in the day . 
  remember : arab spring just happened and we still knew why they fight against assad . 
  and it was before all those attacks happened in europe . 
  what it does not say : all for different reasons and thereby simplifying the topic to a single populist statement . 
  is it possible that pew is a propaganda tool ? 
  so you are still not stuffed ? 
  that makes me really sad . 
  a young live destroyed because a policemen thinks he can play strongman . 
  i hope karma is going to lash out hard . 
  i sense a paid troll . 
  get stuffed . 
  its a citation from wikipedia . 
  a law text would 've been even harder to understand . 
  a insult is no mental challenge . 
  interesting that you see it that way . 
  because , you know , in that logic way you could also perfectly describe a kick to the face as `` physical '' challenge . 
  but its not censored . 
  you learn everything about it . 
  you 're only not allowed to yell in public `` heil hitler '' . 
  and nonetheless it 's pretty clear to us !, 
   and they somehow teach history in religion class and slander europeans and non-muslims ? 
  i ask myself if my english is really so bad . 
  they are in a separate class , teached from a turkish teacher , paid by the turkish state with a turkish agenda . 
  they have history classes , they have turkish classes . 
  all kind of classes , including religious class , often by a imam . 
   yet you do n't have any examples dude i do n't know what shitty news you are reading but i were you i would stop . 
  like what do you think mosques are ? 
  how can you do `` pure turkish propaganda '' while talking about how muhammad gave a coin to some random dude on the street ? 
  to this day only actual propaganda they did was calling people to vote in the referendum and elections . 
  there is more they talk about . 
  beside religion they also talk about things happening in the world . 
  what about the linked article ? 
  i ca n't tell you more then the news are telling us . 
   which is the whole point . 
  it prevents imams from preaching their own bullshit instead all mosques read the same script and it 's almost always some story of mohammed being charitable and kind and some shit . 
  that would be nice . 
  but you are aware that we are talking about erdogan ? 
  the moment the coup was over he ordered many imams back to turkey and jailed those of them he did n't like . 
  and then he sent new ones . 
  so why do you think is he doing that ? 
  do they speak german as good as the next guy ? 
  yes . 
  then what is the problem here ? 
  there is nothing more normal than wanting your ethnic language to be your first language . 
  sadly many of them do not . 
  i do n't say they need to only speak german . 
  but its told in the same way and in the same amount we learn english . 
  and guess what : we are far from good , especially when its only hauptschul or realschul-level . 
  and their parents are even worse . 
  in that way you built subcultures . 
  i know the turks who spoke german good enough to change class . 
  it were three out of a class of ~ 25 . 
  they had german friends and became a part of our life . 
  one of them is still my best friend . 
  the other ones ? 
  not so much . 
  he was also the first one who told me about the shit their teachers tell them about us . 
   not true . 
  most turks in europe do n't even give a fuck about erdogan . 
  i mean come on dude how hard is to check the numbers ? 
  most german turks who vote for the election in turkey vote for erdogan most do n't even vote because they do n't care which is perfectly reasonable . 
   for example in the last referendum % 46.22 of the german turks voted % 63.07 voted yes . 
  so if we use this as reference . 
  % 29 of german turks are pro-erdogan . 
  not so much now huh ? 
  so half of german turks went to vote .
