  our diplomatic relations are regularly spiced up with our government being drawn as nazis . 
  and whenever we argue with someone , it ends up being called nazi . 
  being compared to or seen as genocidal mass murders is just a completely different league then something like island monkey . 
  especially because those `` jokes '' are obviously very often based on some old hate boiling under the surface . 
  it 's always only a joke , is n't it ? 
  drawing merkel on the front of a newspaper , with a little hitler moustache and a nazi uniform is a pretty common one . 
  or another classic : a swastika and `` the germans are on it again '' . 
  basically every time merkel is saying something that annoys a asshole like erdogan , orban or even farage , the result is such a front page . 
  to me they look rather aggressive with the intend to insult . 
  and i 'm not sure if those 4th reich articles are really different . 
  maybe you know the wording for a joke you tell at the cost of someone else . 
  a joke where only one side is laughing . 
  i 'm not sure what fits . 
  well , shit . 
  you do n't even understand how annoying and insulting those nazi jokes are , is n't it . 
  you may go on and call it lack of humor . 
  i call it the only kind of `` joke '' we ever get to hear from your direction . 
  beside that . 
  i did n't say uk . 
  i said vote leave campaign . 
  they basically blamed europe for everything . 
  from germany building the 4th reich to filthy poles stealing your jobs . 
  and then you wonder about the salty reaction when you swallow this bullshit and vote leave ? 
  that 's mean . 
  no way we are that gray !, 
  there would be no deaths at sea if it would be sure they would be send back . 
  its working pretty well for australia . 
  funny that there is no germany . 
  i always thought we are the first that are going to get ruled by the sharia !, 
  maybe you should take a closer look on the vote leave campaign then . 
  because it seems a lot like you missed many of those insults that led to this kind of altitude in the first place . 
  and it has n't been become better , after most ukip myths have been busted . 
  those 4th reich jokes are getting really tiresome . 
  little bit late for that . 
  maybe they got some date wrong ? 
  but they obviously are n't elite scientists compared to other countries . 
  they are elite universities who also happen to publish many scientific papers and own many patents . 
  that 's also one of the biggest criterias for them to be called `` elite '' universities . 
  students in our country for example write their their master thesis while they have a internship at a company/research institute . 
  i 'm not sure but i think their publications/patents are not counted for the university , but for the company they work in . 
  because they own all rights of the project the student is developing/part of . 
  i 'm not sure but it also sounds a bit strange to me that this university top lists do not care that some universities are not doing their own research but focus on teaching their students . 
  why is research such a big part of being called `` elite '' , when other countries do it just differently ? 
  you ca n't even read a simple piece of text . 
  so you 're obviously a total waste of time . 
   the typical '' you were tricked '' like we ca n't think for ourselves . 
  obviously you ca n't . 
  because that 's what happened . 
  nearly all rational arguments coming from the vote leave campaign - maybe beside `` we do n't want to be part of the fourth reich bullshit - have been busted . 
  nonetheless you guys still think you were right . 
  what else then that could be the cause for that if all rational argument have been proven wrong ? 
  if you want to see your world from outside , just take at look at those dudes over at the_donald : https://np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/69wvxy/and_so_it_begins_muslim_afghanistanis_and_iraqis/ there is n't even a news source . 
  its just a picture of some text written in times new roman . 
  i mean ... just take a look at the comments . 
  they are obviously mentally retarded . 
  steve b. does n't even try anymore to make news up and just throws in a random piece of text and they believe it nonetheless . 
  who cares for treaties nowadays anyway ? 
  germany did and now everyone blames us for inviting refugees . 
  and nobody cares as long as your fake news are sufficient . 
  so no matter what you do in this scenario you 're fucked . 
   as a fellow stem degree holder , european countries hold the countries with the most stem degrees ( however , it 's not the countries you would expect )  however , the us has the best universities for stem . 
   so how would we measure that ? 
  the reason is easy to be found . 
  while they have some very good universities the reality is that 95 % of all students never attend to such a elite university . 
  so it 's actually better to provide 100 % with a good education than 5 % with a very good . 
  also consider that universities are not free in the usa and uk . 
  so while some of the universities are better , a lower percentage of the population actually gets a chance to study because they can not afford it . 
  so where is the point in having those elite universities ? 
  and in the end we have a democracy like usa with only 2 parties , catering to as much persons as possible while at the same time having no relevant values or even worse - need to fight for the rights of movements like the tea party , because they are dependant on their voters and money . 
  if you want a government with moral values that shift on a monthly basis that 's exactly the way to go . 
  so you can not determine the values of a political movement by taking a look at their followers and their actions ? 
  nonetheless there will be much less need for human labour . 
  when a factory replaces 15 workers with a robot and 1 worker you ca n't just increase your output by 15 times to give every worker a job . 
  at one point you just do n't need all your population any more to achieve the productivity you need . 
  and later we may not need any humans at all . 
  ubi is a necessary step to make sure this people will not starve to death . 
  at one point we may even need no money any more at all . 
  that is true . 
  but in my opinion they are the only relevant factor . 
  i think a vote should be based on a educated decision and not allowed to be manipulated like in the uk . 
  it should not be possible to influence the public in the way murdoch 's fearmongering and bannon 's psyops-facebook-campaign did . 
  because if its possible to control the public opinion like that democracy becomes obsolete . 
  he is a mentally retarded narcissist and nothing but a puppet . 
  we blame puppeteers like robert murdoch who own a huge part of news papers in the uk . 
  and we blame steve bannon & friends who directed a psyops-campaign against the people of the uk . 
  you voted no , because fake news and fear mongers were fucking with your mind . 
  and now you cling to your decision because you do n't want to believe that you 've been fooled . 
  you are a tool . 
  beyond all this bias there is actual proof . 
  but i guess that has no relevance to you . 
  in my opinion they did . 
  if it were n't for their fearmongering and fake news , i 'm sure at least 2-3 % would have voted differently . 
  and that would 've been enough to not let brexit happen . 
  its good those trolls only speak english . 
  well , bad for the uk , because spreading fake news was a big thing during brexit and i 'm pretty sure thats the reason the brexit campaign won , but good for the rest of europe . 
  i 'm sure it 's only because they like our schnitzel so much . 
  who obviously thinks tory is the better option . 
  there has to be a reason , right ? 
  it a form of art to hammer that junk !, 
  if you 're doing it right , this is what you get : http://www.steirer-wolfi.at/fileadmin/_processed_/csm_riesenschnitzel_1d95c5c178.jpg,
