  and hitlers approval was around 30-40 % when he got into government . 
  it took some years from then before he became supreme leader of germany . 
  he had to remove all those politicians , judges , media and opposition forces from power first . 
  i learn googling , if you learn to distrust turkish media . 
  if you do n't know it until know : every single word that is written is under control of erdogan . 
  also : please read `` mein kampf '' from adolf hitler . 
  just like your great leader . 
  he is following hitlers path to takeover power very closely . 
  one of his `` lessons '' is to create common enemies for the public to get their support . 
  back in the day it was about jews and bolsheviks . 
  erdogan today is doing the exact same thing with g\u00fclen and kurds . 
  exactly !, 
  we are a high tech country . 
  replacing simple jobs with automated jobs and increasing the level of education could be a good answer to that problem . 
  in that scenario we need less workforce , to produce more and more . 
  sorry , but erdolf is no credible source if it comes to calling something terrorism . 
  i checked every single officially recognized attack on wikipedia since 2015 and do n't see what you 're talking about . 
  all were directed at the police , military or politicians . 
  exactly what you said how such a war should look . 
  maybe your problem is that while you do n't like erdogan , you still believe his propaganda . 
  you logic is flawed , maybe even completely non existent !, 
  no , i said they are free to decide what stranger they 're going to let life in their country . 
  not `` to do what they want with people '' , even if exactly this is happening in many countries on earth without anyone caring too much . . 
  well ... no . 
  that 's solely based on your interpretation of my reasoning , sicko . 
  beside some innocent and unwanted civilian casualties it looks like that 's exactly what is happening . 
  most of the time the primary target is a police station , the military or a politician . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i do n't want to promote armed conflict . 
  but the chain of events looks a lot like erdogan restarted this in 2015 to prevent the kurds from becoming too powerful in southern turkey and northern syria . 
  so it 's not the other way around . 
  i do n't like the term terrorist in this conflict because erdogan abuses it too much . 
  basically any kurd living in the wrong place is a terrorist by his definition . 
  as soon as a person gets marked as terrorist by erdogan & friends , he can be killed without a trial or any questions being asked . 
  and if you ask , you 're instantly a terrorist supporter . 
  i guess it would be better in your opinion if the pkk had tanks , jets and cruise missiles to fight a real war ... because then suddenly its no longer terrorism but ... something different . 
  its also strange that nobody is calling it terrorism if turkey starts aerial attacks , kills civilians and then call them `` people with connections to terrorism '' . 
  strangely there was not a single innocent victim on kurdish side in this conflict . 
  just like every war . 
   pkk and ypg is worse and more of a threat than isis for turkey . 
  period . 
  yes , they are . 
  that thing is for sure . 
   are you by any chance cushy diaspora pkk supporter ? 
  not sure . 
  i guess after the shitshow in kobane , i would support any person who feels the urge to fight back . 
  and if their enemies are in love with isil like erdolf : even better . 
  if they 'd hand out a 4 week stay in a nice hotel with food and drinks @ kos i would gladly help to clean up and rebuild . 
  :p i have some nice childhood memories about that place . 
  i would never even start to think i have a right to live there . 
  it would always be a privilige to be thankful for , from my perspective . 
  hehe , i know , right . 
  world could be so easy without propaganda . 
  all people in turkey would see that erdolf attacked first and recognize that the kurds are only defending themselves . 
  its a huge insult to equalize them with isil . 
  that 's nice !, 
  because then i wo n't do the same !, 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about !, 
  you really should n't talk about the kurds as one monolithic ethnic group . 
  as i said . 
  if you would n't be so biased and mind-fucked by your great dictator , you could see their usefulness as an like-minded ally . 
  like basically everyone beside isil and turkey sees their usefulness . 
  must be a great feeling to be in a boat with those dudes . 
  as expected they get cocky the moment trump assured them of his backup . 
  meanwhile putin helps to incite the anti-polish fires in the eu and the anti-eu fires in poland whenever possible while also bribing and influencing the polish government . 
  the eu gets weaker , poland becomes weaker , while putin and trump win . 
  if this is going on poland is going to break away from the eu . 
  at the moment they still believe `` poland stronk '' in cause of trumps assurances and those nice f35s . 
  but i firmly believe that in the long term poland can not rely on trump and is going to make the eu their enemy . 
  the moment trump starts to call them an autocracy they will be an easy pray for the the russian sphere of influence . 
  so what ? 
  it 's their country . 
  if they do n't like your face , they have every right to say no . 
  they do n't even need a reason . 
  there is no `` right '' to live wherever you want , you know ? 
  it 's stupid that they even need to justify their decision to anyone else then their voters . 
  i admit that `` most secular muslims '' is a term open to interpretation . 
  i bet there are many muslim groups who would claim that for themselves . 
  the thing i 'm talking about is you laughing about the `` least likely to turn on us '' part . 
  they were a reliable partner for 14 years in iraq . 
  a simple fact . 
  if you have no problem with kurds , why do n't you accept simple facts but laugh about them ? 
  did you know that now a single american soldier has been killed in the kurdish zone of influence in north iraq ? 
  if you would n't be so biased that could tell you a lot about kurdish people , their reliability and their resistance against radical islam . 
  they are a natural ally in that region . 
  thats very spanish of you !, 
  your preference for bulls has been recognized !, 
  you forget the ability to put the head on a stick afterwards . 
  its very convenient if you have a urge to put some heads on display . 
  stop pushing your anti-greek agenda !, 
  liar !, 
  whats your problem with the kurds ? 
  they 've proven to be a reliable partner in iraq and many different situations . 
  in all cases i know they 've kept their word . 
  very differently to turkey . 
  maybe you should stop to attack them , if you want them to stop fisting your people ? 
  i read yesterday that he accused the opposition of killing his brother . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-19/kaczynski-screams-murder-as-polish-court-revamp-turns-volatile so your statement seems wrong to me . 
  he accuses every political enemy of conspiring to murder his brother , not just russia . 
  his behaviour remembers me more about how erdogan instrumentalizes his `` hate '' for g\u00fclenists / `` terrorist-supporters '' .
