  this is not about a poxit , but about giving shark-capitalists the tools to fuck poland even more . 
   but they do n't really blame them for not wanting the immigrants , even if they criticize not helping to bear the burden . 
  you are right , many think that 's pretty rational . 
  but that 's why the visit of trump is a pretty big present for this faction . 
  while this people do n't blame them for not wanting refugees , i 'm sure many of them are going to blame them for falling in love with trump . 
  maybe . 
  who could know how this will end . 
  but as it looks at the moment america most certainly will not make you richer . 
  you are still very dependant on we for economic growth . 
  you do n't earn anything through lng and for certain not through f35 jets . 
  lng will cost more then russia 's gas and the jets help you to fight off an enemy who was most probably never going to invade anyway , because you 're already part of the nato . 
  no , it would be no win for me . 
  i personally would prefer a strong but also a like-minded poland . 
  but if that is not possible , i prefer to make the best out of the situation , instead of crying that poland is drifting more and more away every day . 
  so i guess overall a two speed europe is a good idea . 
   to me , pis seems very ideologically driven . 
  yes , or the pis is exactly what the polish people wanted them to be . 
  do n't forget that poland is a democracy now . 
  if poland is overall right wing , religious and also is tired of corruption and a party occurs that is a perfect fit to all of this , then my first reaction is to be very cautious . 
  because it could be that this is just the kind of `` we are , what you want us to be , as long as you help us to stay in power '' or short opportunism-based-parties that are ruling germany or also usa since many , many years . 
  did you ever notice how the republicans in the us are able to be the right party to vote for from pretty liberal-conservative dudes like arnold schwarzenegger up to the most extremist dudes like the kkk ? 
  that is how you abuse democracy . 
  good marketing and pr . 
  but they could buy lng basically everywhere , is n't it ? 
  to me it looks like its a part of that `` deal '' to buy it from them . 
  so overall you 're right . 
  they are getting something out of this . 
  but `` they '' are not the polish people . 
  `` they '' are the pis who gets stronger , while the people continue to be nothing more then a cash-cow . 
  not that this is anything special . 
  its everywhere in the west just the same . 
  i do n't blame you for anything . 
  its a very natural reaction . 
  i 'm not even sure who is playing what game at the moment . 
  just wanted to point out that small countries are very rarely the winner in games like this . 
  the us forced the nato-extension to russias borders . 
  its in their own interest to increase trust in nato , so they send some tanks . 
  tanks - im pretty sure - that will be paid mostly by poland . 
  at the same time they use this trust to pump a few billions of tax money out of your country . 
  we on the other side is going to use this situation to implement two speed europe , something that could hurt economic development in ee pretty harshly but would help we to keep the income low in those countries . 
  so us wins . 
  we wins . 
  but what about ee ? 
  yes , not the first time that happens . 
   we survived the communism and learned how to recognise propaganda in our `` own '' media . 
  the west ue has yet to learn that . 
  there was always propaganda in the west , too . 
  it 's a bit different , though . 
  in a democracy you actually need to convince people that the thing they 're doing is right . 
  so propaganda is hidden in a flood of news articles and government press releases and not in monuments , tank parades and the things you learn in school . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if you really recognise this western form of propaganda . 
  because to me it seems the pis has not much problems to play with polish feelings . 
  thats what i just said . 
  they actually ** want ** a europe of two speeds . 
  how is this a two sided deal ? 
  you already have this protection by joining nato . 
  bringing some more tanks to your country is just publicity and i bet stationing this tanks in poland is much cheaper then in the us or germany . 
  i would n't even wonder if your government is paying the bill . 
  so basically trump just says a few nice words , you buy military equipment and gas for billions . 
  how in the world is that a `` two sided deal '' ? 
  not if the eu actually wants that to happen . 
  i would love to know if this `` being in the second speed '' was your idea or if it 's coming from a news article . 
  sounds like a good and well thought out piece of propaganda . 
  is this coming from a source close to pis ? 
  because in the end i also would not wonder if the pis is secretly supporting this two speed idea . 
  after all they love money very much . 
  they would earn from the deals with trump and from deals with we-business . 
  i already know how this will work out . 
  his speech will contain phrases like `` nice christian people of poland ... '' , '' ... standing strong against islamistic influence in the western world ... '' '' ... defence against russia ... '' , `` but we also hope for a good deal on lng and to sell a few of those shiny f35 '' . 
  for a few cheap words he is able to weaken the eu 's influence in the region and to secure a nice gas and maybe even a weapons deal . 
  but it 's also interesting that we see a rise in anti-polish articles , heating up the general mood against poland . 
  so i guess in the western parts of europe this will be seen `` what else can you expect from a government like this ? '', 
  trump is a figure hated everywhere in europe . 
  and when he opens his mouth to support poland , poland will get infected by this anti-trump sentiments . 
  to me it sounds a bit like - while pis and trump are playing strong man - the eu is secretly happy , because they want to push their idea of a two speed europe . 
  if i think about it , it could be in the planning since they tried to force those refugees on the v4 . 
  so in the end it 's maybe just a simple plan to help two speed europe gain traction and to stop the v4s economy from growing any further . 
  yes , its more like this typical combination of eating too much sugar , saturated fat and carbohydrates . 
  doughnuts kill more people then guns , though . 
  so maybe the other way around would n't be so bad !, 
  i would n't be so sure about it . 
  to me it also makes exactly this impression . 
  nice , thanks !, 
  and what is de then ? 
  short for german ? 
  and is ying coming from ying and yang ? 
  why are there guos for france , germany , uk and russia but lan for poland ? 
  and the name of czechia is pretty long . 
   and no matter what the truth is and what the investigation shows , the damage has been done . 
  indeed . 
  and i 'm pretty sure nobody will even think about this anymore in a week . 
  so nobody will notice the following developments . 
  sometimes our modern world is a pretty sad place . 
  the moment you 've been spat on you know you need to start recording . 
  you do n't just start to record because a guy is walking on the street into your direction . 
  you take out the camera , start recording and fetch the backside of the dude you want to put on film - if you 're lucky . 
   fair enough , but them not reporting this to any police station later on doesnt help either . 
  let me cite this again for you :  friends of the muslima , who wanted to help , and drew the attention of a police officer to the incident , were ignored . 
  ** when they went to another commissariat to report the attack , they were laughed at for their complaint , said magdalena zag\u00f3rska , a german-born polish woman who served as a translator . 
  ** so how should a report be possible ?
