  the things that kept me away were high interest rates for the financing , general private financial safety and all the effort i 'd have to invest into tax-management and book keeping . 
  for example : a friend of mine got a fine from the fiscal authorities because he worked only for one company more than 2 years . 
  it 's a crime called `` scheinselbst\u00e4ndigkeit '' what basically translates to `` you are only pretending that you run your own business to pay less taxes while you are in reality a normal employee '' and he had to end to work for them even if all involved parties were perfectly satisfied . 
  if i follow your argumentation i could say : it seems like the whole world sucks : http://banyanhill.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/third-world-employment-is-here-3.jpg or maybe it just means that it takes more time than you and i and generally common people are able to understand with our relatively small amount of insider knowledge . 
  you think adding up all business scandals in germany in the last 20 years is proving a point ? 
  because if that would be the case we should be very thankful for brexit . 
  because uk is some ranks in front of germany . 
  also if that is the only thing that boosts our economy , why are n't spain , italy and so on doing better ? 
  because they are very close to germany . 
  so its the fault of the people that they take the money they 've been offered . 
  is `` they should have kept an eye on those global implication before taking that loan '' what you 're saying ? 
  i do n't say that at the very moment they were spared . 
  what people do n't get is that this earthquake was n't over because nobody was complaining any more . 
  we are still seeing the consequences today . 
  this depends strongly on the country . 
  and we also should no forget that some of those universities have a public relations department that puts big multinational corporations to shame . 
  but why is nobody talking about banks then , when this problems are discussed ? 
  because from this discussions and news i got this impression . 
  everyone but banks seems to be blamed . 
  i do n't want to play the conspiracy theorist , but i would not wonder if this kind of studies - who pop out every year since i 'm able to think - are financed by the banks themselves to blame our education system for the gap between rich and poor , and not the finance system itself . 
  in my opinion - obtaining money and connections to start your own company - is the strongest reason for this gap . 
  its not about having good ideas or being able to work hard . 
  its all about money and social safety . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i understand that not any person can be rich in a capitalistic world and i also see that technological progress softens the differences between rich and poor . 
  but blaming the education system is just wrong . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  if i look into us a big part is blaming obama for the problems in the last 8 years . 
  they fully ignore that the banking crisis of 2008 and the economical problems in the following years were n't obamas fault . 
  and the most dangerous thing is that they probably are going to give trump the credit for the economic recovery that already started before his presidency . 
  in europe you can blame germany . 
  in the us they see a populistic , narcissistic sociopath as their only way out . 
  this is a very good lpt . 
  do n't waste too much time into convincing anyone from your pov . 
  just accept the fact that there are many , many super stupid and super ignorant people out there . 
  give them a smile and step away from them . 
  in my opinion you are going to have a much more peaceful and satisfying life in that way . 
  it 's interesting how everything is obviously connected to the financial crisis of 2008 . 
  banks fuck up , people all over the world get poor and/or lose their jobs and who is held responsible 5 years later ? 
  everyone but the banks . 
  `` oh , it happened 2008 !, 
  how could it be connected to what is happening today ? '', 
  people are stupid . 
  i 'm not sure why anybody is wondering about that . 
  normally rich people are rich because they own a successful company . 
  so when the children take over they are going on earning that money . 
  also when my parents are already rich i do n't have really big problems creating even more money . 
  for example by investing it in a start-up company . 
  or just by founding my own company . 
  being rich a long time also normally means you know some really good advisers . 
  so you do n't only inherit money , but also connections . 
  i 'm not even sure if this has any connection to their level of education . 
  it 's more connected to the simple rule : `` money creates more money '' . 
  its wishful thinking because they have doubts and want other to get out to reassure that they were doing the right thing . 
  what bothers me is : since they seem to want - for some irrational reason - netherlands and france to leave , too , i think they feel strongly connected to them . 
  why do you think are they ignoring that in germany are just as many people who want to leave eu than for example in the netherlands ? 
  the afd was about at the same level then wilders about a year ago . 
  i often get this `` its all germoneys fault '' - vibes when i talk about brexit . 
  i guess we 're a bit stubborn , when it comes to our holiday destination . 
  maybe it was also meant as some kind of support in those difficult times . 
  germans do n't express their feelings like other people !, 
  :p for example : the sister of a friend of mine travels together with their family ( including 3 children ) to egypt every year . 
  no matter if the muslim brotherhood or the arab spring is going on . 
  she also insisted that she felt super-safe all the time . 
  especially because they got a free personal escort of two soldiers , armed with ak47s . 
  the most ironic thing about this is that he would never had the balls to insult hitler . 
  no , germans ca n't . 
  every single tree needs a genehmigung . 
  everything else would be strange . 
  because normally all people know about germany ( outside europe and the us ) are 4 words : hitler , cars , beer and sausage . 
   nice try germoney      then again , this was mostly true when capital controls were imposed . 
  and does n't cash stay in the local economy ? 
  you think we do n't know that our nutella is full of turkish hazelnuts ? 
  syrians do n't like dutch and germans , too ? 
   i completely disagree , close to every pro-eu-rophile argument has something to do with ww2 : the eagerness to end all wars in europe , safeguarding against national governments turning authoritarian and suspicion about how democratic they are , or the wish to solve all this by building an all-encompassing supra-national government . 
  i do n't say that this ideas are n't based on those last two big wars in europe or that it is wrong . 
  i said using the lessons of those wars to understand what is going on in europe ** today ** is something bad . 
  because beside some positive effects like a general understanding why europe dislikes war more than other continents , or the ability to see every little warning sign of a government becoming corrupt or autocratic , it also influences your opinions and actions not only with useful thoughts but also with prejudice and maybe even anger . 
  you do n't only learn that war , racism and fascism is a bad thing . 
  you also learn that your neighbors are bad dudes . 
  i 'm not entirely sure but i think that when a kid learns something about germany , it does n't learn much else than `` they tried to kill us all and take our land '' . 
  so they grow up with the knowledge that we are good killers and a permanent danger . 
  and the result is that nearly any interaction between persons and countries is influenced by this thoughts . 
  i 'm not sure how this can be good for peace and healthy relations . 
  i 'm talking about the things we are cooperating on . 
  this is not about the things you are doing with other countries . 
  and as it looks the things we are doing in the future is nothing but about money . 
  having the same opinion on many things does not mean we are working together . 
  in fact its the opposite if it 's all about money . 
  and yes : even nato in the end boils down to money , because it basically means your military can be much , much smaller if you have so many allies . 
  against solidarity ? 
  north stream was shut down multiple times by the countries it is passing through . 
  gas was stolen multiple times , too . 
  so its no dickmove , but a rational decision based on the unreliability of the countries it is passing through . 
  not our fault . 
   the commission , by contrast , is made up of deputies sent by the member states . 
  they are bureaucrats . 
  as such , the commission should n't have the right to monitor member states , as happened to us with the rule of law framework . 
  the commission should only be able to carry out directives from the council and should not have its own political ambitions . 
  that sounds incredibly stupid to me .
