  traditionally these things are done in specialized research institutes or in business environments in germany and not as much in the universities . 
  you also learn much more on your own . 
  its a entirely different concept that does not fit in this very strict image of a `` perfect '' university that is modelled solely after the british way . 
  to say this clear : this rankings are utterly useless to determine the quality of the students who are produced by this system . 
  it does n't matter much , though . 
  we are regularly in contact with persons who do n't get it right . 
  who cares as long as you understand each other ? 
  its not fun if you want to speak perfect german . 
  but the basics - enough for communication - are not so hard . 
  if you think about cities as single persons , berlin is a deranged punk with a artsy low income job , with a chaotic , but also very open and welcoming nature and a lot of fun in his life . 
  munich in comparison is a rich , old and very traditional man , that is in many areas a pretty backward and angry person , but very open minded when it comes to drinking and having a good time in general . 
  no wonder they do n't like eachother very much . 
  i love the punk more , then the stubborn , backward dude , though . 
  i do n't even know how such a boat with 200 dudes on them communicates `` hello , here is the captain of the lss gadaffi 's enterprise . 
  we 'd like to dock . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure they do n't even have a radio . 
  they just approach and get off the boat . 
  pretty sure there is not much talking . 
  and if they get driven out of the ports , i 'm sure they 'd just land on the beaches . 
  how do you close a port ? 
  pulling up the chain ? 
  and to apply for asylum they just need to cross the border . 
  i 'm not sure , but have n't they already crossed the border and left international waters while coming close to the coast ? 
  yes , and now multiply this easy process with hundreds of thousands applications and cases , and you easily get why you ca n't send them back on the same day or even `` quickly '' . 
  then you 're confronted with the next problem . 
  do you lock them in a cell or do you want to let them roam around freely , while they wait ? 
  well , obviously they are right about the capitalism thing . 
  its the decision of the company . 
  no german governement official has a say in this and is also not allowed to influence it . 
  sounds more like the job of your government . 
  they have to treat companies like the sharks they are . 
  this companies want to eat you . 
  it 's the governments job to prevent this from happening or hope that the market is solving this . 
  which is not possible , if there are no working anti-cartel mechanisms . 
  strange . 
  most expensive i found is as usual rewe : https://shop.rewe.de/iglo-fischstaebchen-450g-15-stueck/pd4305760 is n't the czech income lower then the german one ? 
  i would have expected that they reduce the weight to sell it cheaper . 
  this prices make no sense to me . 
  do you have a link to a shop ? 
  a bit hard to find them without knowing the czech language . 
  so what 's the price for this fish sticks in czech then ? 
  the same as in germany ? 
  not so sure . 
  this is mostly a myth and also no really useful comparision , even if true . 
  army size of germany 1939 was around 4,5 million . 
  1.5 million attacked poland . 
  also do n't forget the heavy fortifications on german side ( similar to the maginot line ) . 
  you do n't need a equal number of soldiers if you defend a heavily fortified position . 
  france has invested everything in its own defensive line . 
  would be pretty stupid to start an offensive and leave all that behind . 
  after a few years in germany this kind of embarrassment will be gone forever . 
  the opposite . 
  you 'll learn to read your shit and know with a single view how healthy your digestive tract is and how good your body gets along with your choice of food the day before . 
  you also see if your haemorrhoids are bleeding again and if you meet all dietary needs . 
  it 's also said that many people even start to adore the sight of a perfectly shaped and coloured turd because its a sign of good health . 
  we should not forget that your `` we '' actually does not exist . 
  this `` we `` s are unique companies with very different business plans . 
  so if there is no we , we can not spent anything and for sure no fuckton . 
  you only can give incentives to change that . 
  but i doubt that 'll work . 
  if those companies are so extremely successful in finding buyers , it will be very hard to convince them from doing something different . 
  i still have the feeling that he was high on something all the time . 
  let 's agree that he is a franconian hero !, 
  did you read that guys ? 
  too happy too soon !, 
  cancel those amazon sniper rifle orders before it 's too late . 
  i feel you !, 
  although most of the replys are still basically `` but ... 
  i 'm not talking about cheesy feet , though !, 
  yeah , but to me it seems more like they are also interested in fine cheese , wine , luxury bacon and such things . 
  not sure if they need tasteless tomatoes !, 
  you are funny . 
  you willfully ignore 95 % because there are 5 % of his post that are not bullet-proof . 
  and nonetheless you think you 're right , i bet . 
  haha !, 
  i was confused when reading it again , too . 
  to clarify : my link should back up my claim that there is not much support from people in the eu for trump . 
  when talking about poland i was talking about the government . 
  even though i would have thought the support is higher for trump among polish people . 
  i guess / r/europe is no good place to get a actual overview about opinions . 
  it was stupid from the beginning . 
  i can not even understand why they do this . 
  why do they allow tech export to russia but not to crimea ? 
  the loophole is so gigantic that i wonder why they even included this clause . 
  also : were n't the sanctions started with `` the people '' in mind ? 
  to me they sounded always like they wanted to hit putin and his friends but do n't affect the normal people . 
  so why should they want to prevent energy production in crimea ? 
  seems like a nice gift especially for the southern part of europe . 
  and nonetheless the courts gave them a green light for the deal and said it 's not breaking the sanctions . 
  but i 'm sure you know more . 
  people , too . 
  http://media.philly.com/images/trump-worldpoll3.jpg edit : also [ relevant ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2017/06/26/u-s-image-suffers-as-publics-around-world-question-trumps-leadership/pg_2017-06-26-us_image-03-1/ ), 
  the difference is that poland is one of the very few countries inside eu that are actually pro-trump . 
  many of us fear that trump will use poland to weaken us from the inside . 
  do n't forget that this man has openly declared the goal to break up the eu . 
  we are not talking about poland . 
  read the article . 
  they were sold under the premise to be used in taman . 
  that you want to think this is a lie is your problem , because you being you . 
  you are right .
