  i get that ee is in panic mode and needs and also deserves our help . 
  but as a reaction those guys are very angry at everyone lately and tend to lash out irrationally . 
   you can talk to putin as much as you like , but the result of this talks is pretty similar to our `` i spit in your face '' . 
  i 'm not so sure on that . 
  the reason why he is in ukraine is to make it impossible to integrate this country into nato or eu-power-blocks . 
  we literally got warned a thousand times to stop . 
  so maybe actual talking instead of unilateral decisions while completely failing to see russia as a threat would have prevented that situation ? 
  nearly the same happened a few years ago in georgia . 
  i would even go as far as saying this `` who has the biggest gun '' mentality is the root of the problem . 
   it is a sequence of steps , that would gradually weaken them and force them to spend less of their gdp on military , thus leading to overall improvement of the mood in the world . 
  so . . why is all we hear about this one step that would hurt we the most ? 
  probably because someone or something has instigated ee that this would be the best option ? 
  look at this oil thing . 
  would n't it be easy to cut a deal with opec and us to keep the oil price low and to compensate them with some money ? 
  because that would be still cheaper then putting our whole industry on hold because we 're running our of energy . 
   gdp on military it would still not end the ukraine crisis . 
  how much troops are even deployed there ? 
  a few hundred mixed in with the locals ? 
  so nothing expensive like aircraft , tanks , ships and therefore money change would close to zero in his capabilities of asymmetric warfare . 
  sounds more like this is about making ee feel safer , then actually ending the conflict . 
   i 've read somewhere that china has already told them that it was a bad idea . 
  it 's ready 2018 nonetheless . 
  china also has invested many billions in this thing . 
  so it 's going to happen . 
  germany 's strength does not lie in its military . 
  while you prefer to point the biggest possible gun at your `` enemy '' , we 'd prefer diplomacy and influence . 
  and look : we are still able to talk to putin , while your politics consist solely out of `` i spit in your face , asshole '' . 
  and have you even looked at the numbers ? 
  do you think ~ 20 billions less a year from gas trade with europe would bankrupt a country with 1,4 trillion gdp ? 
  especially with two pipelines to india and china close to be finished ? 
  the only thing we 'd achieve is to ruin our own economy . 
  so why should he even think to get out of ukraine as a result ? 
  where is the connection ? 
  they really should have taken atleast that 2a6 upgrade . 
  better would be the 2a7 + . 
  the 2a4-production ended 1992 . 
  yeah , we tend to overreact a bit . 
  just take a look at the current refugee situation . 
  there seems to be nothing like `` moderate '' . 
  at least we could try to be gigantically effective and to take a part of the responsibility in offensive roles . 
  now !, 
   currency is devalued ... would price to a stability ... would develop their own industry that 's very far fetched . 
  i see zero connection between a stable currency of low value , and the development of a `` own '' industry . 
  with `` own '' being very polemic . 
  spain , italy and greece had a weak currency all the time before they joined the eu without becoming a economic powerhouse . 
  the opposite is true . 
  their unemployment was very often at 20 % and more before they were part of the eu . 
  until 2008 it has dropped to 8 % . 
  spain is a good example , because its recovering since 2014 , while the other are doing better but not for a really long time . 
  so spain is doing bad at the moment , because a lot of business was bankrupted 2008 : ( click on 10y on those stats ) https://tradingeconomics.com/spain/bankruptcies as a result their unemployment skyrocketed and they got down-rated . 
  the moment some countries started to invest again - like germany - they got a better rating . 
  note the ratings going up starting 2013 and 2014 : https://tradingeconomics.com/spain/rating shortly after the rating went up , investments came back : https://tradingeconomics.com/spain/gross-fixed-capital-formation and the unemployment rate follows at the very same time : https://tradingeconomics.com/spain/unemployment-rate so the reason why spain was doing shitty is nothing but another goldman-sachs-circlejerk . 
  spain has faced many bankrupted companies . 
  as a result it was unstable , had high unemployment and was downgraded . 
  because it was downgraded the bad situation stagnated in cause of low investments and high loans . 
  then the banking community decided to improve the rating and the investments came back . 
  as a result the unemployment improved shortly after that . 
  so actually ... not really complicated . 
    phillips curve  the phillips curve is a single-equation empirical model , named after william phillips , describing a historical inverse relationship between rates of unemployment and corresponding rates of inflation that result within an economy . 
  stated simply , decreased unemployment , ( i.e. , increased levels of employment ) in an economy will correlate with higher rates of inflation . 
   while there is a short run tradeoff between unemployment and inflation , it has not been observed in the long run . 
  [ 1 ] in 1968 , milton friedman asserted that the phillips curve was only applicable in the short-run and that in the long-run , inflationary policies will not decrease unemployment . 
   this business of selling gas to europe is really overblown . 
  it 's just too expensive-the idea that the u.s. is ever going to be a major supplier to europe is not a serious idea here . 
  it is , but it does not matter as long as the population of ee believes it is . 
  they think we deal with russia like we do , because we are scared of losing few billion dollares , while at the same time failing to see that we throw at least a 100 billions on people we do n't even know . 
  money is not the issue here on this small scale . 
  the issue is that it takes years to replace russia . 
  a time in which we would be extremely vulnerable because a gas-blockade could stall our entire industry because all those beautiful machines would run out of power . 
  so in the end - just to appease them - we could agree to a smaller scale lng trade with the us . 
   as rude as it sounds , no one ( edit : here ) is really worried about this happening . 
  all this talk of of federalized europe with an actual military ignores that fact the entire continent , excluding a few places in ee , is scrambling to spend as little on defense as possible . 
  being a superpower is not only about military , though . 
  germany 's power does for sure not come from its strong military . 
  the world is much more complicated then this `` wo has the biggest dick '' mentality . 
  all countries are so heavily intertwined in business , that even the smallest pulled string can bring a leader in a lot of trouble , if done at the right time . 
  influence comes from the amount of strings you can pull . 
  and if europe would really work together and continue to grow and doing well ( like the last year ) and stop to fight each other , it could become a real powerhouse . 
  ee fails to see that now , because all they want and see is a huge gun pointed on putin . 
  they are scared , so they side with the biggest bully on the playground . 
  the thing they fail to see is that this bully could n't care any less about this small and relatively poor countries , if he would n't get something in return . 
  if they 'd want to understand us politics - and i do n't blame the us for this - they just need to take a look at the situation in mosul right now . 
  hahaha . 
  as if economics were all about devaluating and valuating . 
  economy is business . 
  business was bankrupted on a large scale 2008 . 
  result : unemployment . 
  and your answer is `` devaluation '' ? 
  what these countries need is so simple . 
  they need investments . 
  and until 2 years ago , they simply did not happen . 
  then those rating-agency-vampires improved the ratings . 
  and suddenly ... unemployment goes down and gdp slowly starts to go up . 
  what a miracle !, 
  haha !, 
  devaluation surely could help a bit , because you get more business for less money for some time . 
  but if there is no one investing , it does n't really matter . 
  so please stop to spread this mysticism . 
  business is no magic . 
  they arent .
