  you do n't have access to the single market by default . 
  if you decide to leave the eu you have to renegotiate this kind of access . 
   the eu is reliant almost exclusively on the uk & usa for it 's security ( france also , but the french are n't capable of taking on that mantle on their own ) . 
  why should n't they expect recompense for the security they provide when other countries abuse this fact and underspend on their own militaries ( knowing that the usa/uk will come and save them in any war ) so they can spend more on their economies ? 
  germany pays 5 billion $ less if you combine direct nato spending and overall military expeditures than uk . 
  thats not as much as you imply . 
  i also agree with this 2 % rule and their obligation to keep up their power projection capabilities . 
  and not only i do that , but all nato members . 
  thats why they all agreed to this 2 % rule . 
  but they also agreed to do this within a decade . 
  that means there are still nearly 10 years left to fulfill this obligation . 
  this is not blackmailing . 
  and you know very well that was n't what i 'm talking about . 
  using nato as leverage to for example help britain get a favourable brexit-deal would be blackmailing . 
  2 % is something the nato agreed on . 
  but since it was a target to reach within a decade we still have plenty of time left . 
  you have a very strange view on reality . 
  you are sure everything is alright with you ? 
   if nato was important to you , you would want your country to help pay for it , like estonia , poland and greece do . 
  as a brit i think it is fantastic that we have great nato allies like estonia , poland and greece who take mutual defence seriously . 
  i wish more countries would take it seriously . 
  you are aware there is a actual reason why this countries have such a high budget ? 
  greece is constantly threatened by turkey . 
  and estonia and poland by russia . 
  so i would think twice about before calling this actions `` selfless '' . 
   nato members all agreed that the 2 % target was important . 
  if they did not think this , they should have agreed a different number or simply say that they do n't think they should pay but that other countries should pay their share . 
  that would be more honest . 
  they agreed 2014 , to meet this 2 % target within a decade . 
  so plenty of time left . 
  why is everyone repeating all this bullshit trump is giving away all day ? 
  so exhausting . 
  yes , it is a threat . 
  but not on a personal level . 
  any sane person should be threatened by the idea that their neighbours are thrown into chaos with no idea what is going to happen . 
  so freeloading is not reaching that 2 % goal ? 
  what kind of press told you that ? 
  russia today ? 
  reality is that it would n't change anything if the usa or uk would cut its spendings by 50 % . 
  the nato has so many members and such a huge army , paired with a gigantic nuclear potential . 
  what could possible happen ? 
  the truth is that the us and uk is spending this money on various conflicts all over the world - conflicts that have nothing to do with the idea of the nato but are in the national interest of both countries . 
  so please do n't even try to imply you are paying this gigantic amounts of money to help the nato . 
  we both know if you 'd have to decide between trump and juncker you would always choose trump . 
  but this is not about trade deals . 
  its about getting leverage in brexit negotiations for yourself . 
  and for trump its about getting leverage to weaken the eu . 
  and for the eu it will be about defending itself against getting weakened . 
  and then , when the eu resists , what is going to happen ? 
  trump reacting rationally ? 
  :d do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not talking about war . 
  i would place my bet on blackmailing and threatening . 
  and nobody could possibly know how that would end . 
  but i 'm sure nato could be one of the victims . 
  and then everything could happen . 
  and the answer for uk is to flee into trump area of influence , a person who publicly said he thinks the nato is obsolete ? 
  appeasement will only embolden putin and the russians . 
  not acceptable . 
  so you would prefer that they become americas friend first and to get blackmailed by trump to lift the sanctions ? 
  because that is even more dangerous for us and the result will be the same . 
   what , you think the europeans will send out the u-boats again ? 
  try to bring us into their union by force ? 
  or just make an example , to show what happens to those who try to leave ? 
  you got that wrong . 
  i do n't talk about threatening the uk . 
  i 'm talking about chaos and a uncertain future if we go back to the kind of national-interests-first-diplomacy we followed 100 years ago . 
  its a attractive target to sabotage the eu . 
  i understand your perspective . 
  from the british point of view it may be a good short term goal to destabilize the eu . 
  the eu would split up and you have many small countries to deal with again . 
  much easier to swallow than a 450 million society . 
  i get it . 
  trump supports this idea , too . 
  for some reason he sees everyone as competition , even if they just want to live in peace and prosperity . 
  despite the fact that it 's one of the most peaceful and progressive democratic societies in the world and therefore should n't be a target of any like-minded country , not a bad idea until this point . 
  its the human nature to think that way . 
  `` lets destroy our neighbours house and kick him in the ass when he is weakened ! '' . 
  somewhat rational , primitive and the reason for countless wars - but very human . 
  the only problem is that this is n't happening suddenly . 
  this will be a very long process . 
  to destabilize the eu you have to target it member after member , which is not going to happen without notice . 
  trump is going to create many enemies in the process . 
  the language will heat up more and more . 
  and i 'm also convinced that he is stupid enough to try to blackmail us with nato , like he already implied . 
  i 'm sure there are many people in the eu that do n't like getting blackmailed . 
  this will be a very messy situation , completely out of control . 
  the thought that `` we are past that '' will be obsolete at this moment . 
  this should tell you something . 
  its about people creating their own truth by supporting what they think should be true . 
  it 's complicated to think that through . 
  but it tells you that britain overall seems to want to think positively about brexit while most europeans want you to fail . 
  and this could bring you to the conclusion , that a big part of the brexit campaign has already proven wrong . 
  namely the `` we will keep up the good relations to our european neighbours '' part and `` we leave the eu , not europe ! '' . 
  and since you are preparing to go into bed with trump , a person that declared it to a goal of his government to split and weaken europe even more , this will get only worse and worse . 
  its no longer only about trade . 
  its about the nato and many other `` little '' things . 
  you are in fact turning slowly into an enemy . 
  i would not wonder if this selfish actions would bring war back to europe in 10-20 years . 
  and why are all this things happening ?
