  jumping on the trump train , is n't it ? 
  i bet you also want to open those coal mines again ? 
  how long will it take until backward people like you notice there is no industry coming back ? 
  you learned the wrong trade . 
  get over it . 
  the age of automation is just beginning and there are no jobs for you in the industry of the future . 
  as i said . 
  worthless and destructive . 
  no need for any kind of actual argument or fact . 
  just the usual mix of fear - and hate-mongering . 
  i think we do n't get anywhere . 
  the reason why this kind of threads derail is always the same . 
  someone tells `` us '' that we do n't need to act like great benefactors because in reality we 're leeching the life out of those countries . 
  then people like me get annoyed , because the reality is that those countries are doing very well . 
  so why the hate for economic cooperation ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  the funny thing is that it seems like it 's always someone from ee or even uk who brings this `` we says ee = moochers '' stuff up . 
  maybe i missed some official statements or something . 
  any idea where this sentiment is coming from ? 
   you 're the one with an obstructed view of reality . 
  the reality is that if those areas of britain that voted brexit had seen mass prosperity due to the eu investment then it would n't have mattered what lies murdoch 's media wrote . 
  oh , poor britain . 
  ~ 4,5 % unemployment rate at the date of the brexit vote and the gdp growing and growing . 
  you are a true epitome of economic failure and poverty . 
  i mean at least that 's what you believed and still seem to believe . 
  how is that ? 
  how is it that such simple , completely rational and irrefutable numbers ca n't reach your mind ? 
  i bet its because those brown people in the streets were actually more important to you , then the numbers . 
   you 're being typical and blaming it on media and people being stupid , which shows what a low opinion you must have of britain and its people . 
  yeah . 
  to be true , i have a bad opinion about them . 
  how many lies have been busted ? 
  is there anything in this campaign that was n't a lie , half-truth or just fear-mongering ? 
  and how did they react ? 
  did they remove the government openly lying to them ? 
  from trying to explain your brexit vote with sane but obviously made-up reasons , most brexiteers switched to meaningless rhetoric like `` germany wants to built the 4th reich '' . 
  or to comments like this discussion is based on `` they suck the life out of you , to get rich ! '' . 
   the reality is that the eu never impressed the british people , it 's presence never seemed to directly contribute to its prosperity . 
  you can blame the tories or austerity or whatever , but it 's not like the eu managed to address the problems where the uk government did n't . 
  so what ? 
  opposing to the general sentiment in the uk the eu is n't ruling a country . 
  it was the job of your government to counter these problems . 
  but instead of solving those problems - like many other countries in the eu did - they fucked up and blamed the eu . 
  murdoch , farage and friends saw this and took the opportunity . 
  i 'm looking forward to see how this is going to play out . 
   well as far as i 'm concerned your attitude sucks . 
  you 're basically turning the eu into a nationalistic club and all that on my own by a few comment on / r/europe ? 
  not bad . 
   that plays off all dissent as sabotage . 
  that 's a bit exaggerated . 
  i would n't say all dissent is sabotage . 
  i would say `` all dissent coming from the uk should be cleared from the suspicion of being tainted by an anti-eu agenda before considering it as relevant '' . 
  you know , just like any news from russia today and similar shady sources . 
   maybe it 's that you simply do n't want to acknowledge that fact that had the eu worked better for britain , murdoch and his cronies would n't have been able to paint them in such a negative light , and populism would n't have taken hold in the first place . 
  much of the eu seems to be taking a martyrish stance and defending their actions as ultimately fair , telling anyone that does n't have faith in their actions that they 're wrong . 
  that 's a interesting view . 
  but not really relevant . 
  this kind of nationalism was born out of constant criticism and attacks on the eu . 
  so how in the world could they 've triggered murdoch to support brexit in this way ? 
  i 'm sorry that this is no contradiction for you , because this seems to reveal that you have a very obstructed view on reality . 
  you obviously mix up cause and effect . 
  first there was brexit . 
  then there was a stronger eu-nationalism . 
  before brexit the eu was pretty much a normal thing to me . 
  a natural development of states that are long term allies and grow more and more together . 
  no need to develop any kind of `` nationalism '' . 
  a term that is btw . 
  a very bolt statement , coming from the uk , who just voted for more `` sovereignty '' . 
  however : i 'd generally prefer to consider a world ruled by persons like murdoch as not really liveable . 
   here 's a harsh reality . 
  a political union that ca n't even convince the popular vote in a referendum that they 're worth staying in is doing something wrong , and i say this as someone who supports the eu . 
  if people do n't even know what they vote about or being lied to , with the current government supporting these lies , then the only thing this was is a wonderful example how you can fuck up any democracy by influencing public votes with lies and half-truth . 
  the anti-german-circlejerk going on in every threat about germany lately becomes really annoying . 
  but maybe i got triggered a bit too hard . 
   ah yes , because an ever so slight majority vote to leave what is currently little more than a loose political union and single market mechanism , all britons are henceforth `` reaping what they sow '' when they 're shouted down as traitors being `` wilfully destructive '' to any discourse they contribute to on the topic of the eu . 
  i hope so . 
  sadly your government and your right-wing-media - and therefore many people who buy that shit - are a force equally as destructive as putin & trump , especially while may is playing trumps puppet . 
   if anything , through your utter dismissal of british input , are exhibiting nationalism . 
  a bizarre kind of eu nationalism , maybe , but the irrational type of with us or against thinking that nationalists exhibit nonetheless . 
  well , maybe . 
  not sure why you think someone that is not with us , should be considered as `` critical '' and therefore source of `` valuable opinions '' , though . 
  especially after aligning with trump , a dude who publicly told everyone that he works to split up the eu . 
  sorry , but i see not much difference in many sources of british input to - for example - that of russia , these days . 
  worthless and destructive . 
   britons being critical of the eu ? 
  my god , it must be an active attempt to sabotage our beautiful union and not earnest people who have an earnest difference of opinion voicing those opinions as they are entitled to . 
  they definitely deserve being shouted down and told their opinions are worthless and destructive . 
  well , yes . 
  you just need to look at your own super-populistic brexit vote . 
  if the normal people stay down nobody is even going to notice them any more , as long as people like farage dominate the `` discussion '' . 
   it worries me frankly some the angry irrational discourse i 've seen from eu ideologues in europe since brexit . 
  the reality is that rather than acknowledge people 's concerns you 'd rather quieten their voices and pretend that many countries euroscepticism has no basis whatsoever . 
  i just wo n't keep my mouth shut . 
  you should learn the difference between `` giving an answer '' and `` quieten their voices '' . 
   here they clearly state that the estimate is speculative precisely because the effect is so small that it can not be seen . 
  if you read on there are a lot of different estimations , though . 
  for sure i would n't take the ussr-released information as a very good source . 
  but i agree . 
  this is also more about a general feeling of unsettledness then about real facts . 
  yeah .
