  its a defence union . 
  its not to support wars you 've started by yourself . 
  no , it sounds like giving your leaders and your government the right to rule within the terms of law . 
  if they would have to ask the public on every decision there would be no decision making at all . 
  they are there for a reason . 
  erdogan would use those pictures for his own agenda . 
  namely to prevent any kurds from settling too close to turkey or from creating any kind of kurdish state on their borders . 
  that is no part of the nato mission and has nothing to do with fighting isis . 
  so : no pictures for turkey . 
  and where is the problem ? 
  i 'm sure turkey has their own jets to scout the areas . 
  i guess you have to say thanks to all those immigrants from africa !, 
  and i also guess we have to say fu to all those immigrants from poland and turkey !, 
  i was once in croatia !, 
  there were scorpions everywhere on our lawn !, 
  and there was a rocky beach with sea urchins . 
  very tasty . 
  that 's all i remember !, 
  it was about 35 years ago , though . 
  and i was a little child !, 
  i just repeat what your media is saying . 
  it does not state in a single sentence why or by whom his speech was permitted . 
  instead they just tell you it was permitted . 
  and the reason seems to be some vague , passively implicated anti-turkish resentment that is not clearly defined in your article . 
  the typical turkish behavior of slipping into some kind of `` i 'm always the poor victim '' - role . 
  and then they make the pkk comparision `` pkk was allowed to talk '' . 
  not even turkey had a problem back then . 
  if you care to remember it : you were on your way to make peace with pkk at this time , too , before erdogan decided to fuck it up . 
  so it 's not about what i am saying . 
  this is what your article is saying . 
  the real reason was - as i told you , and if you would care it is something easily findable on google - that he tried to register his speech 3 days before the event . 
  this is just not allowed for a event of that scale . 
  what he is doing in reaction is spitting out his `` nazi '' bullshit which is nothing but a seemingly weak try to agitate his followers against germany and rally even more persons to come to the upcoming events . 
  this is so obviously propaganda that anybody who is n't seeing this is beyond any help . 
   i read this users post , and ` if ' what he says is true , it would be pretty hypocritical of the german government , and be on par of censoring freedom of speech . 
  yes , but it is n't . 
  they are making the impression that he was denied to hold a speech because the german government does not like his opinions or influence on the turkish population . 
  then your media goes on and and tells everybody `` pkk was allowed to talk '' . 
  germany = pkk friendly . 
  sorry , but this is so obviously propaganda bullshit that i have to ask myself : why do n't you see what is happening right in front of your eyes ? 
  the speech was cancelled for a simple bureaucratic reason by a local towns government . 
  they tried to register that event - with thousands of protesters and counter protesters - three days before it was going to take place . 
  a event that obviously needs police protection and other preparation . 
  that is just stupid and a display of how disorganized the turkish government really is . 
  those `` ghettos '' are nothing but a normal neighbourhood with a higher percentage of turks than other neighbourhoods . 
  the bigger problem is that it does n't matter at all who is your neighbour if you never talk more than a few works like saying hello with him . 
  but that is also true to germans . 
  basically everyone in a bigger city is living in a subculture of his choice , without much contact to the peoples they do n't want to meet . 
  at first : i do n't downvote . 
  ever . 
  i do n't care for this reddit-i-want-to-be-loved-by-everyone-bullshit . 
  and i do n't realize any voting behaviour of users about / r/turkey . 
  all i know is that mods delete anti-turkish or pro-kurdish posts in this subreddit . 
  and a short look at their front pages proves it again . 
  turkey is ruled by a dictator that spits out shit all day . 
  nonetheless i see nearly zero real criticism there . 
  and that is exactly how you identify an echo-chamber . 
   would n't that be censoring freedom of speech ? 
  considering its german citizens of turkish origin who host these events ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it will not happen . 
  i however think this is a wrong approach . 
  tolerance against intolerance is a one way street full of speeding trucks who try to crush your face . 
  even more dangerous is tolerance against agitation and calls for violence . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure you hear things like that in / r/turkey . 
  it 's basically a propaganda-swamp controlled by erdogan friendly mods . 
  its a comparably awful echochamber like / r/the _ donald . 
  the pkk is a terror group in germany , too . 
  they are not allowed to give speeches . 
  that does not mean that kurds in general are forbidden to give speeches ( like in turkey ) . 
  since for most erdogan followers any armed kurd or a kurd that talks about kurdistan is a pkk follower its hard to find any kurd that is not instantly marked as pkk member - especially if he gives a anti-erdogan speech . 
  this kind of rhetoric may work in your backyard , because you want to believe it . 
  but not over here . 
  i think it 's actually a good thing that we permit turkish propaganda . 
  would be even better if we stop turkish news networks , too , from spreading erdogan 's bullshit . 
  since nearly all turkish news are state controlled now they should be named as an anti-democratic influence and in cause of anti-german-agitation as a thread to national security and therefore banned from being distributed in germany . 
  just a few days ago he was calling us nazis - again , because we do n't want to finance his political campaigns by providing free security and logistic in public spaces for his political events . 
  in what world is a statesmen frequently insulting another country no reason for things like that ? 
  i talk about east germany , not eastern europe . 
  the big difference in development between eastern and western germany was the primary reason why the `` soli '' came into action . 
  it creates inflation , sure . 
  but that only means you should n't push too much money into the market . 
  and that does n't mean `` you can not '' but `` you should n't do it too often '' . 
  sorry , but taxes are by far not the only source of money . 
  when germany lends money from the bundesbank , where do you think it 's coming from ? 
  from their secret money bin ? 
  germany has a debt of 2.200 billion $ . 
  when they lend money in that way they create money out of nothing . 
  then they lend this money for example to greece with 5 % interest rates . 
  i never really believed this `` money ca n't buy happiness . 
  '' - bullshit , anyway . 
  there is always money needed for solidarity . 
  first for poor eastern dudes . 
  now for poor refugees from syria and sooner or later from the usa . 
  so there is always someone in the need of some money, 
  countries very often create money from nothing . 
  for example by lending money from a bank they own . 
  so you say we are the best country in the planet !, 
  does this mean you see germans as some kind of dwarven culture ? 
  because i have to admit there are similarities . 
  check !,
