  let me cite yourself : `` uh oh '' . 
  just your usual way to voice your opinion , i guess . 
  well , i guess you reap what you sow , is n't it ? 
  i already linked it to the other dude . 
  if you ca n't stop to leave behind impressions like this : http://imgur.com/a/8zakd you do n't need to wonder about people starting to get pissed off when brits ca n't stop to add fuel to any anti-eu discussion . 
  and how do you even come to the conclusion i could `` disallow '' an opinion ? 
  just because i voice my opinion in another anti-eu-circlejerk thread ? 
  yeah , if it would be the only post ... 
  i guess this is a rather normal point of view , these days : http://imgur.com/a/8zakd pretty hard to not hate this kind of behaviour . 
  look , another hatemonger jumps by . 
  haha . 
  just what i expected . 
  so , do you have any relevant backup and sources for this statements then ? 
  i mean especially the `` it 's the german/austrian/french conglomerates owning everything and everyone . '', 
  thing ? 
  no , i disregard your opinion because you cheer at anything anti-eu or anti-german . 
  i just need to take a look at your post history for that conclusion . 
  just because a german company fired you does n't mean all ee-companies are german-based . 
  you have an agenda and that 's why i consider your opinion on the topic not only worthless but wilfully destructive . 
  you make it sounds like the most capitalistic country in europe - the uk - does n't meddle with this markets . 
  guess that 's what you 'd call a one sided view on reality . 
  the difference to norway is that norway has a strong economy and a well educated workforce . 
  there were lots of measurements in german forests , fruits and mushrooms . 
  there were indeed increased rates of radioactivity , far beyond what scientists call free of health risk . 
  this things made a regular appearance in our newspapers . 
  and i 'm not talking about bild or any kind of rag . 
   there is no scientific evidence that chernobyl lead to increased cancer rates even in ukraine itself . 
  its pretty hard to proof , though . 
  especially if it happens a decade later . 
  nonetheless many scientists agree that there is some proof or strong indicators : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chernobyl_disaster#human_impact, 
  i think chernobyl was a much bigger factor . 
  we actually had to watch out for radioactive clouds , highly radioactive forests and the fruits & mushroom we used to collect from there . 
  also literally every time someone you know got cancer we 're talking about chernobyl . 
  not really irrational after you 've gone through a decade of radiation warnings . 
  you do n't say ... 1.060.000 results . 
  and literally the first results from travel sites are on a mountain : https://www.tripadvisor.de/hotel_review-g1130592-d1009896-reviews-mountain_hostel-gimmelwald_bernese_oberland_canton_of_bern.html to me - as someone who is hiking a lot - this is the perfect , refined description for the `` mountain huts '' in triglav national park . 
  because if you know a hostel , you know exactly what to expect : simple food , simple sleeping room . 
  why ? 
  because their press do n't fucks with them all day ? 
  truth is , that most of their systems had a pretty long period with teething troubles , too . 
  they and their press are just too militaristic to actually think it 's desirable to make people laugh about their military . 
  just google it , there are enough `` mountain hostels '' to justify the usage . 
  i need to fix my initial statement a bit , though . 
  haha , a few years ago i 'd have said `` good people '' . 
  today i ask myself if they 're financed by the coal lobby . 
  so , after reading some of the comments , the only mistake is that the noodles are not mixed with the sauce and the carrots are too big ? 
  i also think he did n't use milk , too . 
  so probably no real `` rag\u00f9 alla bolognese '' . 
  the sauce looks more orange-colored in these `` original '' recipes . 
  that the noodles are not mixed with the sauce is probably a german thing . 
  we do this with everything . 
  normally no so\u00df over the klos . 
  in some - not in all - restaurants those things are even served on a separated plate , if there is sauce on the plate . 
  not sure why , but i even eat some noodles completely without sauce , because i just like them , too . 
  maybe its some kind of `` quality measurement '' ? 
  because if you drown those things in sauce , you actually do n't taste if the side-dishes are old and taste like shit ? 
  or some kind of order-fetish ? 
  a mountain hut can mean anything . 
  from a empty shack without a place to sleep or eat , to a shack with a little stove where you cook the food yourself and sleep in a few bunk beds . 
  even a real hotel . 
  i think hostel implies there are beds and there is someone who cooks a nice , simple meal for you . 
  a much better description . 
  not entirely sure , though . 
  we were hiking for a week in this mountains . 
  there is a hiking trail called 7 lakes . 
  very beautiful . 
  saw thousands of marmots watching us walking by . 
  also lots of other animals . 
  at each lake was a nice hostel to grab some food . 
  we also got wasted every evening . 
  after we came down out of the mountains , another nice week at the slovenian sea followed . 
  beautiful country . 
  yes , it is taken seriously . 
  they are conservatives , but not what you want them to be . 
  your useless link is an event happening before the gas blockade by ukraine was taking place . 
  so what do you want to proof by this ? 
  that you 're unable to process more then one `` breaking news '' per year ? 
  there are also a lot of other sources . 
  you ignore them , because you follow an agenda . 
  i 'm sorry for another lost soul , but you are a waste of time . 
  its the common sentiment . 
  just like the marshall plan was n't charity . 
  good . 
  all that knowledge based on that simple fact is better handled in the west then in those mud huts . 
  ** sorry to shatter your view on `` reality '' . 
  how about learning to google before you voice an `` opinion '' ? 
  czechs beer sucks . 
  so what do you want to hear ? 
  that you get rich only if you think about yourself when it 's necessary ? 
  now ... welcome to reality . 
  hahaha . 
  then you should start to `` streik '' first . 
  as far as i see we 're currently at 25 % from russia , while we were at 36 % a few years ago . 
  poland on the other side have lng and nonetheless still about 90 % . 
  just empty words and a lot of hot air . 
  yes they did . 
  but ukraine was shutting it down , too . 
  for example 2009 for two weeks . 
  also do n't mix up timelines . 
  the intention you imply was a non existent one in this time .
