  people voting out for that reason , while living in a place with nearly zero migrants , are nothing but pussies , crying at night in their beds about all those foreign , dark skinned people , while they actually have never seen a single one . 
  if i get you right standards of living is equal to salary for you . 
  that is something i do n't really understand . 
  why is it better to earn 70k $ or 90k $ in a city like than san francisco than for example 50k $ in a no name city somewhere else ? 
  in sf you pay 2000 $ for a 40m \u00b2 flat . 
  in no name city you pay 700 $ for a 80m \u00b2 flat . 
  in sf you have huge traffic jams every morning . 
  in no name city you need 5 minutes to work . 
  in sf a normal meal in a normal restaurant costs 30 $ . 
  in no name city 10 $ . 
  i understand that a company wants to have a office in silicon valley . 
  its about showing everyone that you are successful and make your customer trust in your financial situation . 
  it basically means `` we have shitloads of money , make business with us '' . 
  but why is it good for a private person ? 
  yes , it is . 
  crime statistics show that those refugees from syria do not commit more crimes then germans . 
  seems like they are pretty peaceful invaders . 
  the only hostile invasion i see over here , you know at the place where `` crime is out of control '' , is the invasion of too much trump-crap into your weak mind . 
  even if they would only want our welfare , it is true . 
  many people earn real shitloads of money by renting their houses and halls to the state to create a refugee shelter . 
  so why there may be a few refugees who see it as a chance to built a life here , there are just as many germans who see it as a chance to earn a fortune . 
  i agree . 
  i thought about this marocco idea and think their main problem is that it is extremely hard to get there . 
  i mean they have to get through israel , egypt and so on . 
  those countries have the best secured borders in the world . 
  they also ca n't travel by boat . 
  so maybe if we could give them a passage instead of playing ferry service to italy or greece and maybe financial aid for those countries helping out nobody would blame us for doing this . 
  especially because we already took about 2 millions in . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  i did not tell you the reason why the iraq war happened . 
  i told you the story they used as excuse to get the public opinion on their side to make people care for kuwait . 
  formulating it that way is called sarcasm . 
  nobody is absolving saddam . 
  you can try again and again . 
  nobody cares for him here . 
  the things i care about in this case are countries that basically say `` we are not responsible for syrian refugees '' while the chain of events leading to the war in syria shows clearly the opposite . 
  there may be good intentions as a cause for the war . 
  but what use do good intentions have after millions of dead people since the first gulf war dying from war and starvation ? 
  what use do this intentions have now to a land in ruins , living in constant fear of terror attacks ? 
  all the responsible countries can do now is to do their best . 
  but saying they are not responsible is the exact opposite from that . 
   i am not interpreting anything wrong . 
  you flat out defend saddam with talk about babies and saying sanctions killed iraqis while that madman lives in palaces and keeps his citizens living in terror . 
  i told you the reason the coalition used to go to war . 
  and the reason why many iraqi people became extremists . 
  not too hard to understand . 
  and it does n't mean i think both things are good or bad . 
  i just tried to explain my argument and why i think it would be right to take at least a little bit of responsibility . 
  in this context : by taking in some refugees to give them shelter . 
  because just saying `` they are not our problem '' is nothing but wrong . 
  its no question of guilt , but responsibility . 
  if a country decides to go to war , it should also help to clean the mess up . 
  i think giving shelter to some refugees would n't be asked too much . 
  i do n't take their side , you got that wrong . 
  i basically said you ca n't put yourself on a high moral ground when your morality is only applied if you need it to fit to your political targets . 
  ever heard of ruanda ? 
  what i said was practically : they only fight dictatorship when it fits them . 
  that 's nothing but hypocrisy . 
  nobody said it was wrong to get rid of saddam . 
  maybe a few hundred thousand killed people less would have been nice , though . 
  i also said : if they fight a war , they should care about the things this war is resulting in . 
  in this case : refugees from wars that are caused by the destabilization of this region . 
  so please do n't try to reinterpret my words to make yourself feel better . 
  and you are right : syria had civil unrest before , especially in the arabian spring . 
  but the sole reason for a escalation of this degree is isis . 
  what about a nice book ? 
  i heard `` the black flags - the rise of isis '' describes isis and where they came from pretty good . 
  i do n't argue with you . 
  just believe what you want . 
  but : as i said : isis has its root in after-war-extremists from iraq . 
  it was founded in iraq and had many members of the iraqi republican guard . 
  so , if the iraq war has brought isis into life and isis attacked syria afterwards and caused this civil war : how can anyone come to the conclusion this things are not connected ? 
  they also tried to annex iran , with full support of usa . 
  must have been a good thing then . 
  and all that while the world was full with dictators with many of them still having her jobs these days . 
  but sure ... they were doing this because it was a good cause . 
  this would be harmless if they : a ) would allow - moderated - other opinions . 
  b ) post anything of substance and not only conspiracy theories , breaking news about leftist behaving like right wingers and propaganda bullshit . 
  but since all of this casts a huge shadow on their `` good intentions '' i tend to not believe that they are the victims . 
  i can understand that . 
  if you want to talk about all that nazi and facist bullshit , you ca n't do this in the open . 
  you would be proven wrong and then called an asshole for falling into the populist trap so easy . 
  i must have gotten something terribly wrong . 
  i thought you participated in two wars against iraq and helped to bomb a country into stone age at first for killing babies in kuwait and then - after 13 years of sanctions and total poverty that killed hundreds of thousands - you attacked them again for their chemical and atomic potential and because they attacked the world trade center . 
  i think i have misunderstood that point . 
  i think its also a huge coincidence that isis was founded by leading members of the iraqi republican guards after the war . 
  sorry for pointing out responsibilities that only exist in my fantasy . 
  so the hillbilly 's of swiss now have internet , too ? 
  how is your internet connection speed up there on the alm ? 
  i have the same problem . 
  especially because they condemn the political establishment in place , that is a result of extreme lobbyism brought into existence by the exact same corrupt bankers and neocon war mongers they hate so much . . 
  i 'm always laughing when someone says merkel is thinking with her heart . 
  i think merkel is one the the coldest politicians in germany ( and that means something ) . 
  and if you see a emotion it perfectly fits the situation and is always well calculated . 
  sounds more like you have some kind of problem with taking women for serious . 
  i do n't know ... in their early days , after taking one iraqi military base after another and then huge parts of syria people seemed to be very afraid of them . 
  those countries collapsed seemingly as easy as a house of cards . 
  and many people asked themselves if their countries would be able to resist such an attack . 
  i 'm pretty sure the growth in right wing extremism we saw over the past years is at least partially a result of the fear of isis . 
  in my opinion right wing extremism is not much different to any other kind of terror .
