  there are no `` kosovars '' , no `` germans '' , no americans or islamists . 
  there are only individuals that have the choice to do something right or something wrong . 
  this individuals have shot and killed american soldiers in germany . 
  not `` the kosovars '' . 
  sounds like you are a victim of some serious propaganda bullshit . 
  probably listened a bit too much russia today or one of their puppet organizations . 
  i do n't get how that would change anything ? 
  the west supported one government . 
  russia the next one . 
  and so on . 
  really , who gives a fuck ? 
  russia already has a border with nato countries . 
  those borders mean nothing for a modern army and a modern army means nothing for any country with a nuclear arsenal . 
  this are nothing but empty word shells that are brought in place to cover russias simple target : putin wants to increase his sphere of influence at all cost . 
  its nothing but wishful thinking that his actions are reasonable . 
  there will be no pragmatic solution . 
  serbia is a puppet brought in place for one single reason : increasing the russian sphere of influence while destabilizing the eu . 
  in the end putin does not care at all how that will end for you . 
  he just wants to incinerate as many little fire sources as possible . 
  you start your war , the eu will jump you and all you get as help are some old tanks and russian mercenaries . 
  at the end only one thing is effectively going to happen : people die and land mass is redistributed . 
  the same game we play since thousands of years without anyone winning . 
  oh my sweet summer child . 
  as if at any point in history a country and a leader like putin needed a logical reason to go to war . 
  serbia is a russian puppet . 
  what i expect from them is to become another destabilizing factor in the eu . 
  its just another little conflict , that is going to look like a small scale civil war , that puts the eu under more pressure . 
  all that while hard brexit , the shutdown of the nato and trade sanctions from the us are already putting pressure on us from all sides . 
  and since putin is an ally of the serbs and putin is backed by trump very soon ... this is exactly what is going to happen . 
  say that to ukraine and crimea . 
  what do you think is going to happen if putin has trump on his side ? 
  and what about the other eastern states of europe if the nato ceases to exist ? 
  sounds like a invitation to a feast for russia . 
  but i understand your view on the matter . 
  you are very far away from that region . 
  and since you left the eu , no need to fight for anything anyway . 
  why peace if we can have war ? 
  britain will leave the single market and probably all defensive alliances . 
  and its new natural ally - after the nato has been broken down - will be donald trump and vladimir putin . 
  i 'd never have expected that this even possible . 
  and if things keep on going down , uk and us will be full fledged enemies of germany in a few years again , in cause of trade wars , attempts to destabilize our government and because trump is in general a huge asshole . 
  who would have expected this a year ago ? 
  sorry , but the aggressive nature of the talks so far forced this result . 
  and it will not get any better . 
  threats about trade wars , uk getting a tax oasis and so on will poison the atmosphere further . 
  and after the nato has been killed by trump there is also no longer any defensive alliance in existence . 
  and i 'm quite sure - because the atmosphere is extremely heated - there will be nothing like this in the near future . 
  so after all it looks like there is big danger that britain will get no single market access and will be part of no defensive alliances in the future . 
  since britains are pretty opportunistic i 'm sure - after the nato is gone - they 'll be nonetheless still be the junior partner of the usa and therefore try to help trump to further destabilize the eu . 
  they are natural allies now . 
  who would have believed that a year ago ? 
  in the end all the doomsaying about brexit - from all involved parties - looks like to become reality . 
  we have been a junior partner and contributor because being a part of nato enabled us of having a very secure and peaceful life . 
  its not like we got nothing in return . 
  but i guess in the future - if there is no longer a nato - nobody is going to give a fuck anymore . 
  especially if the usa combines this with trade sanctions . 
  the usa would lose a huge sphere of influence and countless compliant partners , while russia is going to abuse our weakened defenses and tries to get as many countries in europe on its side as possible . 
  a good chance to establish a real , self sustained european power block . 
  now you show your real face !, 
  if you 'd spread that wealth around all considered people they 'd have 800 $ instead of 400 $ . 
  they still would be considered poor . 
  so what would a better distribution change for them ? 
  not too much . 
  since obama sent them this would be very surprising . 
  this is more some kind of way from obama to force trump to show its true face to the world . 
  if he takes these troops back , eastern europe will be very angry at the us and hopefully get closer to the eu . 
  so putin-funded organisations want the country to leave the organisation that protects the country most effectively against putin ? 
  what a suprise . 
  and beside all those doomsayers that cry about china , i havent seen really that much bad things coming from them . 
  at least compared to us or russia . 
  so they are doing the same as any country with a bit of power and money ? 
  because if you switch china with uk , us or germany , it would still be not too wrong . 
  maybe beside the highway stuff . 
  on the other side ... there are a lot of new highways in poland , since they joined the eu . 
  good . 
  when that wall is built , there are so few buyers for all those drugs , that mexico has the chance to become a respectable country with a strong economy . 
  we all know why central and south america had such a hard time in the past : the same kind of official and in-official interventionism that ruined the middle east . 
  when they have recovered from russias and us influence we just sell our bmws to them , instead of those trump-supporters . 
  in modern wars this decision is not about whom to kill and whom to let live . 
  its about whom to kill first . 
  from helicopter , drones , missiles to jets . 
  there are so many ways to counter artillery ... only a conflict like the one in ukraine , that is mainly carried out by infantry with nearly no air suppprt , would really profit from artillery . 
  i get why finland thinks this could be the only kind of war russia would consider . 
  maybe that 's exactly what they try to prepare for . 
  on the other hand ... what would have happened if the krim would have been taken back ? 
  i think the war would have become much more intense . 
  so hopefully there are more ideas for defence . 
  we serv both cooked in the same way . 
  there is kotelett and there is schnitzel . 
  one piece of meat has a bone in it , one not . 
  yes , forward observer would be the direct translation . 
  i did not know this is right . 
  twenty years ago there also was mechanized artillery but also `` stationed '' artillery . 
  this towed artillery had to put out as many shells possible in 60 seconds . 
  up to 10 per minute . 
  and then they had another minute to get the cannon back on the truck to move away from this position . 
  so basically the same than with mechanized infantry . 
  but i think for a drone or plane this does not matter really much . 
  you ca n't move away fast enough from this position , especially in complicated terrain , to get away . 
  but i guess if all sides have access to those hard-counters , like drones and anti drone-weapons at the end it could boil down all again to infantry vs infantry .
