  he better should have listened to ze germanz https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jl1cgtmgnco, 
  well , not in britain obviously . 
  in the last days we 've seen countless examples from the british press that proofed they are blatantly lying about nearly everything or do n't check their sources . 
  the only thing you can do with the british newspapers is obviously using it as toilet paper . 
  higher education as a reason sounds strange if you consider that its nearly completely free in many eu countries . 
  sometimes i have the feeling that glamour is more important for this companies than rational arguments . 
  now that the propaganda has shut up they regain consciousness . 
  so you needed to leave the eu to do a thing for example ireland has done years ago and is pretty successful but inside the eu ? 
  for example irish corp tax is at 12.5 % while british is at 20 % . 
  has n't one of this guys also said they are going to replace the eu investments and subventions with british money ? 
  how are they going to do this , when they plan at the same time to reduce taxes ? 
  should we really believe that they decrease the tax-income by a huge degree and at the same time keep up the support for structurally weak regions like cornwall and so on ? 
  not sure , but this sounds stupid from most perspectives . 
  the only perspective this looks good from is the perspective of a predatory capitalist who wants to create a new tax oasis without thinking about the needs of the people who life there . 
  `` the kind of mess '' ? 
  i hope it 's more than economical problems who gets their support up . 
  because this is pretty ultra-capitalistic thinking as typical for big parts of britain . 
  i think its more about freshly gained knowledge . 
  hearing all that lies fed to the people by the british press may have triggered a interest in people to actually learn something about the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure that smart and rational thinking people like the danes do n't swallow all this pro-brexit propaganda without double checking the facts . 
  and after reading all that facts they may even have come to the conclusion : eu is not so bad , after all . 
  they actually do n't say that . 
  another lie from the british press . 
  they do n't say it 's safe . 
  they just say its harder for applicants to get asylum . 
  they do n't get it anymore for just coming from one of the said countries . 
  a huge difference , obviously not really important for the garbage - / clickbait-journalism in uk . 
  i still do n't get why those article base their argumentation on the idea that britain actually needs more jobs . 
  do n't they notice their own unemployment numbers ? 
  its like : dumb-ass : `` they steal our jobs ! '' . 
  smart-ass : `` but we all already have a job !, 
  we are actually close to full employment . '', 
  dumb-ass : `` they steal our jobs ! '', 
  ca n't we move this discussions out of / r/europe into some kind of uk/brexit subreddit ? 
  its so exhausting to watch this stupidity day after day . 
  it took me only one discussion with a pro-brexit dude to find out : this is not about rational arguments . 
  so guys : please stop trying to counter this `` arguments '' in that way . 
  i 'm pretty sure that is exactly how it is . 
  my example works because there is a preferred route for netflix . 
  if it would n't , netflix would take up what is left in my bandwidth instead of getting that is needed . 
  that means in this example : no bandwidth left , no fun watching netflix . 
  if you start two download they do n't just take up 50 % of your bandswidth . 
  that makes it even meaner !, 
  good for him that the border is back in action , soon ( the eu side ) . 
  currently only available for countries inside eu . 
  time will tell if london will stay as attractive if the eu-part breaks away . 
  i understand that it 's a pretty nice city if you have to make a choice for a headquarter to control your business inside eu from . 
  but if that 's no longer possible or too expensive , things will change . 
  which dress exactly ? 
  we have so many of them !, 
  that was mean !, 
  but i think we have similar resentments about british woman being fat , pimpled , badly washed and also hairy . 
  its actually a pretty common and often used resentment used by racist people all over the world !, 
  printing more money to buy money from another country that has surprisingly some more freshly printed money to sell !, 
  so you pay someone who knows things ? 
  no way !, 
  a simple example is : download a file with 20 mb/s and a max bandwidth of 20 mb/s . 
  if you now start netflix you immediately watch hd even if your download used all your bandwidth , because netflix is preferred . 
  your download goes down to about 18-19mb / s and netflix get 's all the bandswidth needed . 
  this does not mean it is taken away or something from the download-provider . 
  this only happens in the `` big picture '' if everything is extremely overloaded which is normally not the case . 
  it 's pretty obvious because they are not as professional as they think . 
  beside that there is also russia today and the professional troll agency of russia that blasts every comment section of important articles regarding russia . 
  and why not . 
  they balance out the 5th column from the us pretty well . 
  we found a new family !, 
  and you got back to your old one , because you like the style of your badly shaved queen more . 
  ` reading british newspapers ' actually means getting utterly stupid !, 
  if a company is small they do n't need so much bandwidth anyway !, 
  :p or they would n't be small !, 
  its ok . 
  i was surprised they got so far at all . 
  he have enough money to spare them for a few hobby-projects . 
  so i think your comment is pretty stupid overall . 
  i think he still believes in things like the banana regulation myth . 
  takes some time to get all this bullshit of the brexit campaign out of your head . 
  no , rooms everywhere and pretty cheap too . 
  we can say the same things about the pro brexit dudes . 
  we tried to build up something . 
  and you are abandoning your new heritage just because there are problems to be solved . 
  pathetic losers !, 
  i would n't say that . 
  it tends to be a bit ragged and anarchistic . 
  but i think that gives the city it 's own very special charm . 
  nobody knows the cost for this preferred routing . 
  and in the us nothing similar has happened even if netflix is a lot older there . 
  no , they wont !, 
  but why ? 
  i thought there are very little places on earth with less alcoholics . 
  would n't they love cheap and good beer ? 
  or is it about taxes ? 
  im pretty sure its cheaper . 
  berlin is a little bit ragged in many places . 
  anarchistic in others . 
  and very expensive in other . 
  the nightlife is hard to beat in cause of that . 
  the same with the rent . 
  it also goes from super cheap to ultra expensive . 
  so even your cleaning personal is able to afford the rent without the need to collect 100 $ per hour !, 
  rent examples : https://www.immowelt.de/liste/berlin/wohnungen/mieten?sort=price london in comparison : http://www.zoopla.co.uk/to-rent/flats/london/?results_sort=lowest_price so i 'm pretty sure everything is more affordable in berlin in cause of that .
