  thats the problem with all the oktoberfest-style festivals in germany . 
  sooo much beer , sooo little self control and sooo much need to pee . 
  i have to admit i peed on a church , too . 
  but since it was a protestant church i think my jesus was ok with it . 
  and thats where your mistake is . 
  there is no need for dogfights in a world where nearly any fight between jets is carried out long before getting in sight . 
  in fact any jet combat is won by the jet with the longest range , best detection and the best missiles . 
  and why do we need jet-bombers in your opinion ? 
  there are missiles , missile artillery and drones . 
  the typhoon is a air superiority fighter with some bombing capabilities , if its necessary . 
  the rafaele is more of a jack of all trades that is pretty outshined by any specialized weapon system . 
  but isnt the gulf stream originated at the coast of mexico ? 
  the logic is stronk in this one !, 
  it 's a pitty most of us learn english as a second language in europe . 
  the result is that the only thing we have to talk about all day are stupid british news articles in / r/europe . 
  that 's the problem of our days . 
  people of the underclass and stupid people get more children than people that actually should reproduce to improve the gene pool . 
  better food and better beer is also on the list . 
  and yes , this is a proof of being genetically superior . 
  all this centuries of isolation on a little island and the resulting inbreeding was n't really good for the british gene pool . 
  a very crumpy dude . 
  he should change his name to martin winterborn . 
  that would fit much better . 
  i would happily give those eastern parts of germany to poland . 
  they have not only the same right wing mentality . 
  they also have about the same economic strength . 
  just another city inhabited by many kurds before the war . 
  and also a city that was freed from isis by the kurds . 
  a city the kurds now have to give up solely for the reason that turkey is afraid of too much kurdish controlled territory !, 
  do you really believe this is legit ? 
  that the us wants to appease dictator erdogan and tries to strengthen his position does not make more right . 
  but i can understand that erdogan fears an army called `` syrian democratic forces '' . 
  im pretty sure he dislikes especially the middle part . 
  they life there longer than any turk , ottoman or mongol invader . 
  just it look up in the wikipedia . 
  then you might actually read something else than the bullshit your great dictator is telling you :  kurds are the largest ethnic minority in syria and make up nine percent of the country 's population . 
  [ 25 ] syrian kurds have faced routine discrimination and harassment by the government . 
  [ 26 ] [ 27 ]  syrian kurdistan is an unofficial name used by some to describe the kurdish inhabited regions of northern and northeastern syria . 
  [ 28 ] the northeastern kurdish inhabited region covers the greater part of hasakah governorate . 
  the main cities in this region are qamishli and hasakah . 
  another region with significant kurdish population is koban\u00ea ( ayn al-arab ) in the northern part of syria near the town of jarabulus and also the city of afrin and its surroundings along the turkish border . 
  they life there longer than any turk , ottoman or mongol invader . 
  they do n't divide anything of importance . 
  at first are there about 800.000 kurds among those turks . 
  and there are aso many turks in germany who are smart enough to identify erdogan as the thing he really is : a classical dictator . 
  and the second thing is : the only thing they are dividing is themselfs from the germans . 
  what gain do they get from this ? 
  more desert stolen from the kurds in syria ? 
  or a secure zone on the border to syria ? 
  a ton of new enemies ? 
  and for what ? 
  a lot less business with europe . 
  i really see no advantage that turkey could get from this . 
  wow ... this stupidity . 
  do you really believe this ? 
  because reality is the exact opposite . 
  the kurds were there the whole time . 
  long before any war started . 
  the turks are the ones who are invading and try to steal land from the kurds . 
  every single place in this region has a long tradition of kurdish people living there . 
  so please keep your stupid erdogan propaganda for yourself . 
  nobody outside your little dictatorship is buying this crap . 
  there should indeed be a right to ban things that are not going a long with a nations moral and ethic standards . 
  the burqa is nothing else than a symbol of suppression and religious indoctrination . 
  and there we should not tolerate this symbol of intolerance from a region of the world that still lives in tribes and is still on the level of culture and civil rights is still the same than 1000 years ago . 
  the only exclusion to being a tolerant nation should be the tolerance of intolerance . 
  they are both a way of suppression . 
  so they are not that different . 
  i do like it , especially for it anarchistic charme . 
  many parts of germany could use a little bit of this spirit quite well . 
  the problem begins in school ( at least it was like this when i was in school ) . 
  if a turkish child does not speak german , they are teached in a turkish speaking class . 
  they only can change to a german class if their german is good enough , while at the same time being forced to leave all their friends behind if they do this . 
  so this is only happening very rarely . 
  and if they change this childs are a lot different from the usual turkish child . 
  the two turks we had in our class were very well integrated people while the others did n't even speak german good enough to make their exams in german . 
  after being nine years in a german school . 
  and the worst problem of all this is : they are basically raised by teachers funded by the turkish government . 
  they are indoctrinated by them with turkish culture and islam and at the same time talk shit about the germans . 
  they are practically forced into living in a parallel culture because not even in school they learn something about germany . 
  and this goes on when going home . 
  our school system is just pure stupidity and the root of all integration problems we have . 
  the west did the same thing with hitler . 
  `` he would n't do that !, 
  that would be stupid ! '', 
  you know how they call that now ? 
  appeasement . 
  yeah , and if you think about it , its actually a nice move to calm your enemies before doing something like the `` reichserm\u00e4chtigungsgesetz '' in germany . 
  because in that time your country will be quite unstable . 
  for me this is just another proof that erdogan planned this coup by himself . 
  it 's ok . thats what prisons are made for . 
  modern , natural selection . 
  there should be more news like this on europe . 
  much better for my mood to wake up to read something like this than all the other bullshit of the last weeks . 
  is it racist to call someone who behaves like an idiot a subhuman being ? 
  so they basically killed a innocent person and this notebook with secret g\u00fclenist codes is their proof for his involvement ? 
  that is typical for turkey . 
  it 's never your fault . 
  you burn their flags and then cry if you get an answer ? 
  it 's all your fault .
