  mentality . 
  now ... mushrooms please !, 
  well ... shit !, 
  but she knew it was going through . 
  most probably just a small concession to those conservative dudes . 
  i think she stopped a long time ago to think in ideological terms . 
  the day is n't over yet . 
  you can never be sure what is going to happen next . 
  this will get nowhere anyway . 
  instead of putting actual money in it they try to keep cost as low as possible , stretching the research over decades . 
  this reactor is a good example : the project was initiated 1994 . 
  more then 20 years to built that thing because everything goes on the lowest possible speed . 
  our government sadly is absolutely incapable of any kind of visionary thinking . 
  i have a bad feeling about our future when i read comments like this . 
  there are actually people out there who believe that `` leading '' means in this case merkel is trying to become their new f\u00fchrer . 
  dude , do you even have the ** slightest ** clue about how the eu works ? 
  this stupidity is really hard to bear . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'd think about that . 
  i mean this was basically the first thought of the eu , why free trade with uk could be a bad idea after brexit . 
  you are right , this will give poland more resistance against russia , the moment the lng terminals are completed . 
  i wonder : when are they planned to be completed ? 
  and do you have an idea how russia will react to this ? 
  i mean i 'm pretty sure they wo n't just shut down your gas supply . 
  but they are not going to like that happening at all . 
  yes !, 
  it would have been better for everyone to give hitler no platform . 
  freedom of speech is nice as long as you have no hitler of your own , using it against you . 
  see , we learned from our mistakes in the past !, 
  uh , you aware this is about hosting a conference in poland . 
  not about actual money , workforce or material !, 
  so yes , we are fully aware of your tremendous amount of goodwill for helping a country at war . 
  but are you ? 
  i bet they even want to get paid . 
  so this is more of a business offer . 
  `` you want info on rebuilding ? 
  come to our conference . 
  but do n't forget those coffers full of money ! '', 
  well , a two speed europe could also lead to less money being paid . 
  two speed means there will be a opt-in/opt-out system in place . 
  if a country chooses to opt out - for example from the $ - they also lose some benefits tied to it , while at the moment they get all the benefits no matter what part of the eu they like or not . 
   the refugee relocation plan is more of a result of political miscalculation than something that was planned from the beginning . 
  i think so too . 
  the plan was made at a time before trump was a topic . 
  but the idea to force the v4 to take this refugees seems pretty new . 
  especially if you consider that there are many more countries then the v4 who do n't fulfil the plan this seems strange . 
  and their unwillingness was pretty foreseeable . 
  in my opinion their reaction was pretty predictable . 
  this whole thing has shed a pretty bad light on them , especially in the opinion of left-leaning persons . 
   i do not see the idea of a two speed europe as something meant to punish v4 countries , but rather as something that will allow for much closer ties between member states that want to do so . 
  the idea about two speed europe was always tied to a system of benefits . 
  if you agree to treaty a , you get benefit b. 
  its no punishment , but opt-in , opt-out . 
  but if you design the conditions right and include clauses like `` refugee distribution '' then you can manipulate this treaties pretty easily in a specific direction . 
  and if poland then tells us `` fuck you '' , our people react with a `` just as expected ! '', 
  so , if i understand this right , kaczynski does not care about economy in first instance ? 
  security and revenge on russia is more important . 
  and we is n't providing him with the tools to achieve this goal , so he chose trump . 
   you 're quite a hypocrite anad are accusing others of what you are doing yourself . 
  you are right . 
  i answered polemics with polemics . 
  so i 'm indeed a hypocrite when i blame you for that . 
  i should have known that a person that jumps to polemics so quickly is a waste of time . 
  i even gave you a second chance for going back to a normal discussion . 
  makes me angry about myself that i kept talking to you . 
  i have talked to so many echo-chamber-nationalists in the last time . 
  i should know their typical behavioural patterns right now . 
  no wonder you love trump so much . 
  nonetheless i hope for you he is all you dream about . 
  you know , its not my problem that you feel offended and angered by a simple statement just because it 's not in line with your own opinion . 
  the problem is your incapability of defining a question as legitimate if you do n't like the answer . 
  i just re-read our posts and see no hostility from my direction until your pretty arrogant and snobby `` thanks for letting us know '' . 
  shrugging of a simple statement you do n't like for some reason in this aggressive way , can not end in a constructive discussion . 
  so i guess derailing and maybe even trolling was your indent from the beginning . 
   funny , i would be very surprised by a rational , thoughtful question from you . 
  so `` what do you gain from this trade with the us '' is no `` rational , thoughtful question '' to you ? 
  we 'll , if i think about it and try to see it from your perspective this is actually a better answer than i could have imagined . 
  so its bad or even worse . 
  but if people of poland know that the economic growth is not only a result of pis hard work , but a result of free trade with europe - where without a doubt all sides profit enormously - why do they support pis in their `` fuck europe '' stance ? 
   call it a hunch , but something tells me you are not genuinely interested in the answer . 
  we 'll maybe because i already know the answer . 
  a rational , thoughtful answer would really surprise me . 
  i agree . 
  why should we unite with countries that do n't share the same values ? 
  would be pretty unhealthy . 
  so a economic relationship would be more then enough . 
  or with other words : two speed europe . 
   thanks for letting us know . 
  you do n't seem to be convinced . 
  maybe you could share your endless wisdom . 
  how are polands economy and therefore the polish people going to profit from this ? 
  i mean beside feeling cosy in cause of a few warm and friendly words of support . 
   i am not sure what are you even trying to say here . 
  are you equating a visit from one of our strongest allies with a polish equivalent of brexit ? 
  a bit dramatic , would n't you agree ? 
  i already explained extensively what i 'm talking about . 
  let me repeat it for you :  but it 's also interesting that we see a rise in anti-polish articles , heating up the general mood against poland . 
  so i guess in the western parts of europe this will be seen `` what else can you expect from a government like this ? '', 
  trump is a figure hated everywhere in europe . 
  and when he opens his mouth to support poland , poland will get infected by this anti-trump sentiments . 
   to me it sounds a bit like - while pis and trump are playing strong man - the eu is secretly happy , because they want to push their idea of a two speed europe .
