  i do n't even remember it even more . 
  was it about refugees ? 
  or too much bureaucracy ? 
  but in this situation you are in fact weak and trump is going to dominate you . 
  why ? 
  because you want to use your relation to trump as a leverage in your brexit negotiations . 
  i can understand this . 
  the eu shows you nothing but a cold shoulder . 
  where else should you go ? 
  but i hope you do n't ignore the most certain fact that this is going to result not in negotiations but in blackmailing of the eu . 
  and this will result in a even bigger blockade of this negotiations and even worsen our relationship . 
  and i 'm sure trump is n't giving you his help for free . 
  so instead of the brexit-promise `` single market access and good relations '' there is a high probability that you get not only no free market access but also leave the nato together with trump . 
  the future is now completely open to everything . 
  from britain being an internationally isolated friend of an dictator to another open war with a random country in europe . 
  everything seems possible . 
  and what is your gain ? 
  maybe you can profit from trump for a while . 
  i mean : he just opened up access to all natural resource of the usa , including the resources protected because they are in natural reserve parks . 
  this will for sure result in a short term economic boom . 
  but what is your gain in the long run ? 
  you are free and allied with the biggest asshole on the planet ? 
  says a uk-fake news site . 
  can you please stop to use the word north america , us , usa or something similar in / r/europe anymore ? 
  let 's instead talk about our new friends in mexico or asia . 
  good , very good . 
  that 's the thing about democracy . 
  more opinions to recognize than ass-holes . 
  the alternative is dictatorship or monarchy . 
  we tried that and have seen : better to listen to everyone and take a while to do so than to be quick and let one stupid person ruin your whole country within the glimpse of an eye . 
  it 's ok . do n't be scared . 
  time to see chances instead of problems . 
  * first step : * we take the usa from the list of close friends and add mexico instead . 
  trump tries to build that wall with taxes he tries to add to mexican export to the usa . 
  i read today that 80 % of mexican export are going to usa . 
  that would be very much money if trump would tax it . 
  what would you say if we just overtake this 80 % ? 
  usa has no chance to raise taxes and has to build the wall with their own money . 
  300 billion of goods , spread around europe is not that much . 
  * next step : * we remove putin from the list of enemies and add him to the list of close friends . 
  we do what trump promised , but we do it much faster . 
  we are in dangerous times . 
  not the right time to impose moral superiority with sanctions that hurt ourself . 
  we admit that we tried to help ukraine but failed . 
  but having close connections with putin will atleast grant ukraine peace and maybe slowly but steady a better future . 
  how ? 
  we give putin what he wants in small , little steps . 
  and we trade ukraine 's freedom for it . 
  * next step : * increased trade with asia and south america . 
  basically filling any gap that trump is trying to use as leverage . 
  basically the same thing the netherlands did with those abortion funds , but on a larger scale . 
  that is no problem . 
  they are going to fill this 15 % gap with the company taxes they are going to reduce to stay interesting !, 
  not that thing again . 
  some us-dude trying to remind us that we are spending not enough , when reality is that most of this money is spent for stationing troops in countless countries and bombing `` terrorists '' in even more of them . 
  things that have nothing to do with nato if you want to be exact . 
  so please stop to make this impression `` look !, 
  this money is being paid because we need to protect you ! '' . 
  this are also not the only way to contribute to nato . 
  many country instead pay money directly . 
  and germany is one of the countries that pays the most . 
  the reality is : the usa could cut its military to 1 % and the nato would be still able with ease to counter any existing threat on earth beside nuclear weaponry ( which makes open war with any strong country impossible anyway ) . 
  thats so sad . 
  i was so hoping that we get finally some really good steak over here in germany . 
  t he majority of our butchers is sadly unwilling or unable to treat beef in a way to get not only tender , but also tasty steaks . 
  the nebraska steaks i had lately were extremely good in comparison . 
  i was hoping for much more . 
  but i guess instead we are going to get that stuff from china in the future . 
  or we are joining some trade agreement with australia . 
  i heard their beef is good , too . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they were against ttp in its current state which is something completely different to being generally against such a trade agreement . 
  with some adjustments it could have been a good thing . 
  the time frame is implicated by the topic of the thread . 
  we are talking about current superpowers and not why the us was a super power 30 years ago . 
  not too complicated , even for you !, 
   i did n't say this were the only things the us military did in the past years , stupid . 
      oh really ? 
  try again dumbass     what i tried to tell you is that the only things america has achieved with its superpower was destroying said countries     incredibly stupid . 
  you are the stupid here if you cant differentiate between the things they tried and did and their actual achievements . 
  going somewhere to bomb someone is not exactly something i would call an achievement . 
  for example : bringing peace to the middle east would have been one . 
  reducing global terrorism would be a nice achievement especially in a war called `` war on terrorism '' . 
   you tried to say that and you were completely wrong , proving once again that you are an imbecile . 
  south korea 's entire existence is purely thanks to the us . 
  kuwait still exists thanks to us intervention . 
  you do realize that the invasions of iraq and afghanistan are n't the only things the us military has ever done right ? 
  i did n't say this were the only things the us military did in the past years , stupid . 
  i also included `` the resulting raise of terrorism '' if i remember correctly . 
  i 'm also quite sure you are right about south korea . 
  but i would n't count this victory as part of recent us-military-history , because this stalemate is already going on since about 50-60 years if i remember correctly with south korea living with the north korean threat just as long . 
   you look at a single decade of us military history and then pretend that only events in that decade happened . 
  what a fucking spack . 
  you are a joke !, 
  we 're talking about the current state of the usa as a superpower . 
  not the entire history . 
  without a doubt there were times the us military was ordered to do something right . 
  do you feel better now ? 
   the us only spends 3.3 % of its gdp on its military . 
  russia spends 5.4 % . 
  thanks to being an economic behemoth , the us can spend less as a percentage of its gdp than russia yet spend almost 10x more in real amounts , though i would n't expect somebody as stupid as you to understand this .
