  first you remove hitler from power and replace him with a liberal left wing government and then you complain that we are becoming tree hugging softies . 
  an assault machete looks cheap against the thing used to attack : http://i.imgur.com/lkriaix.jpg, 
  he says `` i 'm german '' , `` i 'm born in germany '' , `` damn turks '' , `` i have been mobbed by them for 7 years '' , `` i was born in a poor region ( hartz 4 ) '' . 
  but he has no bavarian dialect or something . 
  sounds a little bit from northern germany . 
  the conversation with the bavarian dude is actually pretty funny . 
  he shouts `` ich bin deutscher/i 'm german '' and the bavarian dude answers '' du bist a wichser !, 
  '' ( you are a wanker '' ) . 
  the bavarian dude is pretty angry . 
  yes , we are . 
  if i were on that train i would have crushed his fucking face . 
  he was nothing but a thin skeleton . 
  maybe we also should consider to get emergency-axes back on trains . 
  so we have some tools to counter this kind of attack . 
  sorry for not making it more clear . 
  by connected i do not necessarily mean `` connected with communication '' but more of some kind of sympathizing . 
  he also was alone and had no family here . 
  to me it sounds a lot like suicide by cop . 
  what i do n't get is why he did n't attack germans . 
  why a family from hong kong or better `` asian looking people '' ( im pretty sure he could n't know they are from china ) ? 
  if he hates our way of life so much , would n't germany be a better target than four completely unknown people you know nothing about ? 
  its really interesting how the timeline of events correlates with nearly any dictator in history taking power . 
  - first he creates a common enemy to fight -  kurds and g\u00fclenist-terrorists . 
  - then he replaces some core persons in power with his own friends . 
  - then he takes over the press . 
  - finally he removes all the judicative and executive power blocks to replaces them with friends . 
  he now rules the courts , the police , the military and the press . 
  overall we can say he now has supreme power to rule in turkey . 
  the similarities to other dictators getting into power are striking . 
  seems there is some kind of guide book `` how to become a dictator '' . 
  and still you akp - `` voters '' see some kind of prophet in him and take every word from him equally serious like the word of god you still believe he will lead turkey into a bright future . 
  probably you do n't even see the need for democracy anymore , soon . 
  i have to say its very interesting to see this from outside . 
  i always asked myself : how could my ancestors fall for hitler so easy ? 
  why did they go so eagerly to war . 
  and why - after nearly a 100 million dead people - are there still people who think it was a good idea ? 
  now i was able to watch a country going from democracy to a full dictatorship live !, 
  and i was able to talk to people who still think everything is fine . 
  very interesting indeed . 
  please keep the show going . 
  i do n't get his motivation . 
  first he fled from a war that was mostly caused by religion . 
  then he lived in a foster home and somehow got connected to religious extremists , namely isis . 
  and then he got on a train to attack a family from hong kong . 
  this seems so ... random to me . 
  why ? 
  because it would be pretty lame to show up in a small town like marmaris . 
  its something different to show up with thousands of your braindead animalistic fans in mid of the danger zone in istanbul . 
  he waited some minutes in the air until the fan-crowd was big enough and then he landed like a super star . 
  sounds again perfectly prepared and staged . 
  seriously ? 
  is anyone believing this ? 
  a coup starts and a hour after it 's put down 3000 judges have been dismissed for being connected to it ? 
  ca n't believe that the turks swallow so much bullshit . 
  this list was long prepared . 
  either erdogan knew that there was a coup coming and he did nothing about it to take advantage - and therefore killed willingly about 300 people to follow his goals . 
  or he staged the whole thing by himself . 
  there are no other choices . 
  one hour is just not enough to interrogate so much people , find a g\u00fclen connection and then make a list of 3000 judges who supported him . 
  there are so many indicators all of this is staged ... another one is : they say erdogan was warned . 
  nonetheless he flew over turkey for only 1:45 minutes while the coup took about 6 hours ? 
  and how did he knew - while everyone else was in absolute confusion - that there was no danger from an f16 or anything shooting his plane down ? 
  he was the whole time in air about 100km away from istanbul . 
  if i would hear `` military coup '' i would fear being attacked . 
  especially when everyone in the world can track your plane life on the internet . 
  i would never fly close to a military base but would try to reach neutral airspace . 
  really , how stupid is this ? 
  however this is possible : to me this sounds like he has just removed all opposition to replace them with loyal friends of him . 
  this man should not rule anyone . 
  he will throw turkey into a war sooner or later in cause of his madness . 
  your guys . 
  but i understand it . 
  you have been turned off for years and now turn it into `` we never wanted it in the first place '' bullshit , like we hear from erdolf since some time . 
  you just want to keep what 's left from your pride , i understand that . 
  but by acting like animals you wont achieve anything in that direction . 
  you just had no internet back then and did not hear about every bit of violence somewhere on the other end of europe . 
  not every murder or rape in europe was on the news back then . 
  that may create the illusion that everything was better then , because you are today flooded with news from all over the world . 
  a big part of europe was behind the iron curtain , too . 
  think about the dead people who tried to flee . 
  think about the casualities from cold war tensions . 
  think about the terrorist organizations , like ira , eta , raf . 
  also do n't forget the balkan conflict . 
  the fights and tensions started long before the following war . 
  also do n't forget that before the eu was created there were many other treaties in place . 
  not sure if this is a good sign . 
  probably they just need more manpower to compensate the currently shared logistics with other eu countries . 
  at the moment they have one eu headquarter somewhere in luxembourg if i remember correctly . 
  i 'm pretty sure that is not allowed in countries outside the eu . 
  so they need to create a local headquarter for uk . 
  but in the end the customer will pay for this 1000 additional jobs , as always . 
  so its a good day for france ? 
  let 's hope this will stop in the semi finals this evening !, 
  you mean bailing out after they have been nearly ruined by the us banking industry ? 
  i think `` bail out '' is the wrong wording . 
  i do n't say its better the other way around . 
  i do n't see way mocking your neighbors has something to do with the eu . 
  where is the correlation ? 
  hitler also did not like your politics and he did not need the eu to influence it . 
  and he did good !,
