  the opposite . 
  ukraine was ruled by dudes even more shady then putin . 
  simple . 
  they wanted us to put pressure on russia . 
  you know , because our gas supply was running low . 
  imagine your neighbor shutting off your water supply to negotiate with your water-provider . 
  why should anyone want that ? 
  and it 's entirely poland 's problem that they base their complete diplomacy on who they love the most . 
  it also is n't financed by `` us '' , so no ties at all . 
  its financed by private companies from all over europe , including shell and many others + 50 % from gazprom . 
  i know capitalism is a new concept to those who grew up in the ussr . 
  ukraine stole gas from 1994 on and shut the pipeline down multiple times , the longest time 2009 . 
  thats the simple reason we wanted to go around ukraine . 
  we like it reliable . 
  then we offered poland to host the pipeline . 
  to help ukraine they said no . 
  its also not the case that there are no pipelines anymore in ukraine . 
  they are still in use and they still receive transit fees . 
  ns2 is only built to provide an alternative route . 
  this pipeline changes nothing on the gas intake from russia , though . 
  it only changes polands and ukraine ability to blackmail us . 
  that makes all your points simply meaningless . 
   levithian gas basin shared between israel and cyprus is massive still not enough . 
   azerbaijan ( caspian sea ) has the 2nd largest gas reserves on earth and the pipeline they are building has potential to deliver up to 30 or even 50 billion cubic meters of gas per year which will make russian gas obsolete . 
  haha . 
  alone germany eats 50 billion cubic meters from russia per year . 
  and thats only ~ 25-30 % of our gas . 
  i think europe buys more then 200 billion from russia per year . 
  yes , ukraine shut it down and stole gas . 
  that 's the whole reason why we 're going around them . 
  poland also turned a alternative route through baltics and poland down to help ukraine . 
  why should we be sorry then ? 
  its their own fault . 
  no pity for thieves and their friends . 
  https://www.google.de/search?q=ukraine+steals+gas+western+europe not so hard . 
  you are the one without spine . 
  you repeat propaganda bullshit without any meaning or facts . 
  how does this change anything , beside your personal desire for blaming and shaming ? 
  blah blah blah . 
  we pay 8-9 billions a year for russias gas . 
  4 billions max will end in russias pokets , since this money goes to gaz prom and russia only owns it by 40 % . 
  take your head out of your ass and look at your own trade of goods , oil , gas and so on . 
  poland has denied this gas pipeline . 
  they felt obviously like betraying ukraine . 
  cyprus is too small . 
  only with qatar it would have been enough . 
  and qatar does not work in cause of syria . 
  no clue about azerbaijan . 
  never heard about a gas field big enough there . 
  and what is the third one ? 
  as far as i understand its not big enough to supply all of europe . 
  so what ? 
  why should we be blackmailed because ukraine does not pay the bill ? 
  and what about the fact that ukraine stole gas from 1994 on ? 
  we do n't built this 10 billion pipeline for fun but because ukraine forced us to do so . 
  we even thought about building this pipeline through poland . 
  but they said : `` fuck germony , we stand by our gas-stealing and pipeline-blocking friend in ukraine . 
  they are more important then law and order and we hate russia . '', 
  do n't even try to talk someone from poland about it . 
  it 's futile to convince them that there was a good reason to built it around ukraine ( gas thievery and pipelines shut down in winter ) . 
  their opinion in this matter is based on `` kill russia '' and `` help ukraine '' on the surface ( remember , this decision was ~ 2010 , before the war in ukraine ) and `` we want a lower gas price '' on the inside . 
  now we simply ca n't back off anymore , because we have no alternative to russia and can not afford to annoy them in the gas question . 
  syria & russia destroyed our dream of building a pipeline to qatar . 
  lng would be too expensive and until we build the required infrastructure - to say it carefully - russia would n't be pleased . 
  hehe , just a coincidence then it is !, 
  you mean with trump . 
  no reason to abandon our long time allies and friends for a dude with ugly hair . 
  why ? 
  russia is a oil and gas source . 
  is there any other reason for sympathies ? 
  you should mount him with our queens new helmet : http://imgur.com/1gxfrsd, 
  so basically the schr\u00f6der-government ? 
  no surprise if i think about his stance against bush and his close ties to russia . 
  every kind of innovation i hear these days about : estimated 2030 and more . 
  fusion reactor development ? 
  future tank , aircraft , soldier ? 
  2030 earliest . 
  so why does it take 17 years to built 3 mini-space ships/satellites based on current technology ? 
  the answer is easy . 
  because the project cost is spread among this time-line . 
  a billion over 17 years hurts less then a billion in one year . 
  how could we stay with this rate of development in any way techonologically competitive ? 
  to me this is saving on the wrong end . 
  i agree that this was a stupid idea from the beginning . 
  but it was n't ours . 
  we did it because we accepted that the us triggered article 5 of the nato treaty in cause of the 9/11 attacks . 
  also i do n't understand the logic applied to the situation of germany . 
  we try to get out and stop accepting all afghans becoming accepted refugees . 
  sounds more like we want to get as much distance as possible !, 
   i agree with the rest of your post but what kind of twisted willful ignorance is that , if i may ask ? 
  twisted ? 
  its the right one . 
  if 16 years of work lead to nothing , then it 's time to think about leaving the place . 
  they got any chance to adjust to our values . 
  if they do n't want them we should consider this just like any other democratic decision . 
  i remember a nice citation from a soldier : `` this fight is not hard to win because we ca n't separate the civilians from the taliban but because the civilians are the taliban ! '' . 
  so if we follow this logic the only asylum seeker we should ever consider to allow in germany are people actually opposing them , because normal people are just not in any special danger of being prosecuted . 
  why do people always jump to extremist views ? 
  nazis and v4 tell anyone that they do n't want them , because they 're dangerous and economic migrants . 
  leftist-nutters tell anybody their countries are dangerous hellholes and we can not send them back .
