  a puppet `` accepting '' the orders of the puppet master sounds pretty absurd to me . 
  the eu also did n't support a violent uprise . 
  they supported the opposition . 
  that does n't automatically turn them into violent agitators . 
  beside that : how many died in this `` spontaneus revolution '' ? 
  for sure not thousands . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_people_killed_during_euromaidan there is a small difference between that and actually shelling a cities full of civilian with artillery and fighting a war . 
  if that is not clear to you , you should ask yourself `` is it possible that i 'm an asshole ? '' . 
   this does not seem to make any sense to me . 
  are you even aware that putin has singlehandedly saved russia from collapse and has spent almost two decades building it back up from scratch ? 
  are you aware he wants to be closer to the eu ? 
  yes he has . 
  i give him credit to that . 
  but putin and his friends are nonetheless the richest persons on this planet , thanks to his way of ruling russia . 
  he may have done something good . 
  but he is also a career criminal that does everything to make russia stay away from any kind of real rule of law . 
  russia , becoming a democracy ? 
  must be a horror vision for the men in power in russia . 
   this is not erdogans propaganda , we have had several surveys asking people of their opinions on turkish people and romania is literally the only asked country in europe who had a positive view , and that 's barely . 
  lets not pretend that the majority of europeans are n't hateful bigots against us . 
  its normal for people to equalize a government with the people living there when all you get to hear about turkey is erdogan yelling at someone . 
  i 've been to turkey a few times for holidays and i did like the people . 
   oh sorry , we 'll just move over to the pacific instead . 
  we are the ones living in the mess right now , you are watching from a safe distance . 
  how the hell can you be afraid ? 
  erdogan is n't insane . 
  beside , we sure as hell do n't border `` franconia '' wherever that is . 
  putin and trump already work hard to sabotage stability on all eu borders . 
  and random threats against - for example - greece , coming from turkey do n't help to diffuse that situation . 
  will you side with putin next week ? 
  are you going to attack greece ? 
  are you pulling out of nato ? 
  are you becoming a islamistic country ? 
  turkey is a element of uncertainty on eu borders . 
  together with the super-corrupt loudmouth that turns your country slowly into a dictatorship that is something many people do n't like . 
  do people like you realize that the putin is not about taking land . 
  he already has more than he needs . 
  he is about increasing his sphere of influence . 
  and that can be only possible by decreasing the influence of other parties . 
  the crime here is that he does it without caring about human lifes or rights . 
  thousands were killed in ukraine because putin thinks it would benefit him to destabilize his neighbour to prevent them from peacefully joining the eu . 
  and who wonders ? 
  his oligarchy and all those corrupt friends milking the russian country would get into serious trouble if russia gets too close to the eu . 
  yes !, 
   outside of the career eucrats in brussels , actually be upset by brexit . 
  then you just did n't want to listen . 
  i - for example - am greatly disappointed that you give up our partnership . 
  and all that mostly in cause of a money , bureaucracy and racism . 
  i feel somewhat betrayed that you dismantle our alliance for this kind of primitive motives and especially that you tell anybody else to also `` get out as fast as you can '' . 
  and on top of that you are throwing yourself in the strong arms of donald trump while your press already starts to sugarcoat his constant flow of bullshit to help your people to swallow it . 
  there are not much positive feelings left in me , when thinking about britain , at the moment . 
  go away you echo chamber-freak !, 
  and if not : it would get even worse if his vice president would take over . 
  very clever , bannon , very clever . 
  making ~ ~ inauguration ~ ~ impeachment of an criminal impossible by putting a even worse alternative in position . 
  maybe we should move our base of operation to cyprus ? 
  i 'm not sure if that would change anything . 
  you can literally watch erdogans propaganda start to come in effect by watching the amount of redditors who are actually start to believe this kind of bullshit . 
  nobody hates you , dude . 
  we 're afraid of a dictatorship that is established on our border and the daily threats and blackmailing you seem to not get to hear about in turkish media . 
  but i agree : this kind of fear can become hate over time . 
  i thought the numbers were around 1,2 or 1,6 million british citizens and 5,5 million british born ? 
  the numbers seem to vary depending on the kind of propaganda you consume . 
  and you really should n't do this `` math '' from a single countries perspective . 
  really , where do you get this kind of logic from and how can you even start to see some logic in this ? 
  i hope you can get out of this without russia sending in their agitators to provoke some kind of messy situation , like they love to do for the sake of destabilization . 
  i 'm pretty sure mexico is n't going to be the only country trump is going to piss off . 
  and if the usa is threatening us with trade war and start to ignore trade sanction for example with russia , we can do the same . 
  for example : i heard they could need some new bmws and mercedes ' in iran . 
  we also stopped to deal weapons with many countries in cause of `` moral reasons '' . 
  i 'm not sure but i think its better to ignore your moral standards for a while than to have millions of people losing their jobs . 
  fifa wants your money . 
  so this list obviously shows : argentinian soccer-shirts sell better than mexican . 
  sorry , but that would be a huge surprise . 
  the shelling started shortly after trump and putin had her phone call . 
  that is too obvious to be a coincidence . 
  normally the us president would sent out some threats . 
  but he is too busy threatening 5 year old us-muslims , mexican business-man and the international car industry . 
  so i guess there is no longer any need to justify anything for him , if there is no usa backing us up . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  what kind of new jobs could that be ? 
  there is no endless amount of jobs for robot or ai-engineers or `` overseers '' . 
  for example : i 'm not even sure we need garbage-men in 20 years , when cars are driven by autopilot systems . 
  i also think you should take into consideration that at the same time jobs get obsolete the world population grows and grows . 
  we are working hard on a future where automation replaces most of the work normally humans do . 
  the economy will change extremely in cause of that . 
  it indeed makes her statement more valid . 
  i did n't know about those machines , though . 
  if that is the case this decision to do such a search is indeed a little bit strange . 
  to make this analogy valid , you would n't need just a piece of plastic , because that doesnt really look like danger to a plane , but a relatively big unknown mechanism with a strange fluid attached to it . 
  do n't you agree that such a apparatus could be suspicious ? 
  then your grant-parent obviously were n't as indoctrinated as mine . 
  because mine never lost a word about this time beside a few anecdotes . 
  not sure if indoctrination is even the right word . 
  so they told you about the horrors of war ? 
  yes , ww1 + ww2 was different . 
  but are n't we talking about why this people - that became soldiers in ww1 +2 - did not know anything about the horrors of war ? 
  now we know more . 
  but this knowledge is already fading again and replaced by a more romanticised perspective on war , because the last ones all were pretty small in scale , compared to those 2 . 
  maybe you should try and talk to an actual war veteran .
