  you call them `` people with connections to the pkk '' to justify killing them . 
  i bet there was not a single civilian casualty in your war against pkk . 
  even childs have connections to the pkks in the eyes of your murderous leader . 
  ah , now we get to the core . 
  `` why should we help those in need ? 
  why are they our problem ? 
  this wars are not our fault . '', 
  just look at your own history to know why : http://mashable.com/2016/05/21/polish-refugees-iran/#ri.x55svd5qi just sad . 
  i guess years of russian propaganda have left their mark on your society . 
  i 'm with you on that . 
  i get more and more the impression that the thing most new eu countries care about is getting access to the single market and some juicy financial aid . 
  not that this would be wrong . 
  that 's the biggest reason for joining . 
  but when the first sign of a display of solidarity is requested and you just get `` wo n't happen '' as a answer , especially from poland , i ask myself if this partnership is actually helping us somehow or if it is just another burden ? 
  maybe we need more hurdles in place before a country could become a part of the eu . 
  like preferred partner or something . 
  the dublin treaty is not about migrant quotas , but about war refugees . 
  sure . 
  so what ? 
  tell the real war refugees to fuck off , just because there are some assholes trying to sneak in ? 
  how in the world is that their fault ? 
  would that be your way to handle the situation ? 
  you are right . 
  they will end up in the hands of pkk . 
  and many ypg fighters will join the pkk officially afterwards . 
  i 'm sure of that . 
  that 's what you get from bombing or blockading people that are already fighting for their lives . 
  and nobody but you is blaming them . 
  because let 's also not forget : after all it was turkey who ended the peace process with pkk by attacking them . 
  that is how you create enemies . 
  trying to blame them as terrorist is just a lame excuse for erdogan to slaughter them like animals , when he gets the chance, 
  yes , there are loads of economic immigrants from various countries all over the world . 
  deny them asylum and send them back . 
  but what about the other part ? 
  they 're indeed war refugees in real need of help . 
  and you deny them shelter with a lame and flimsy excuse . 
  the real reason is that you just do n't want to help and do your part . 
  that 's it . 
  there is a single line in that article that supports your opinion , and you cling to it like a child to its teddy . 
  at the same time you ignore the important part . 
  the part that says the ypg is fighting isis and while it 's leader have connections to the pkk , the normal soldiers are mostly just locals who join the fight against isis . 
  the truth is that turkey is backstabbing the strongest force against isis wherever they can . 
  just remember the turkish atrocities in kobane . 
  in my opinion you just need to look at their actions to see that they still support isis and other islamistic terrorists . 
  maybe it 's actually a good thing that we 're out of this region . 
  it seems to be a war entirely fought by hypocrites that all follow their own secret agenda . 
  i 'm not sure that we 'll see any kind of peace within the next 10 years . 
  they are not immigrants , they apply for asylum . 
  it 's your decision if someone can become an immigrant . 
  people can not just `` decide '' to be an immigrant . 
  you make the rules . 
  this is nothing but hate - and fearmongering , by playing with your resentments . 
  and in the end you not only decide to not help people fleeing from a war , but also to show some solidarity to your neighbors by easing their burden a little bit . 
  sounds a bit like we are being played . 
  fucking up relations by pulling out of an voluntary agreement is a symbolic act with zero relevance for the us . 
  but combined with this trade talk results and a few other alienating events in the recent past it sounds like trump is forcing us in a certain direction . 
  forcing us away from the us to search partners elsewhere sounds a lot like this is helping putin in the end . 
  especially after putin said he will hold on to the paris agreement , to make him look more likeable . 
  in the end the us will be weakened by shifting our trade from the us to russia and other factions opposing them . 
  like china and friends . 
  all that is based on the assumption that there actually is some kind of plan behind the things trump is pulling off . 
  but maybe i 'm just overestimating his friends . 
  wow . 
  that 's some kind of selective cognition . 
  because a few lines later we find this , from the same person :  ** ` we 're not terrorists ' **  `` people look at us as if we 're terrorists and they put us on this blacklist . 
  we 're not terrorists , '' said ms. ruken , who like all pkk fighters uses a nom de guerre -- hers means `` alive smiling '' -- and declined to give her real name . 
  `` the kurds know what we are fighting for . 
  they know we will give our souls for them . '' but i guess , since this is against your opinion , its not important . 
  let me guess : the same ms. ruken you gave a shitload of credibility a few lines before must now be lying or be a victim of indoctrination . 
  you should note the difference between `` preventing the fight '' and `` prevent germany from helping to fight '' . 
  i also did not say `` stopping the fight '' but `` weaken the fight '' by not allowing germany to participate . 
  and with `` genocide '' i mean clearly the atrocities isis is pulling off against civilians . 
  you should not jump to extremes so quick but try to actually read . 
  no need for sachlichkeit in this case . 
  nobody could proof how barzani really thinks about pkk anyway . 
  but i agree . 
  to appease turkey he could be forced to say no . 
  erdogan has a very resentful , small mind . 
  so i would not wonder , if he puts some pressure on them , to prevent germany from helping to fight isis . 
  this would be just another clear proof for what kind of person he really is . 
  we call a genocide genocide . 
  and to avenge this sacrilege he helps to weaken the coalition trying to stop another genocide . 
  he displays some very clear priorities here . 
  it does not matter if people die , as long as he gets the satisfaction to move us out of his country . 
  just a lame excuse , for being a xenophobic shit-pack . 
  this is about refugees , not immigration . 
  he just wants to vilify them by calling them immigrants . 
  the way germans vilify poles since they started to come . 
  notorious criminals and thieves , alcoholics , lazy , you name it . 
  now they just faced the same resentments in the uk . 
  not sure why they 'd do the same after experiencing how wrong discrimination is . 
  especially when you consider that when the war in syria is over or secure enough , poland would have every right to bring them home . 
  it 's the polish state who decides what to do with them . 
  yeah , and a few month before he called the pkk brothers . 
  i 'm sure necessity has nothing to do with appeasing turkey . 
  they just love your grand leader so much . 
  haha . 
  seems like we got a propaganda victim here . 
  your differentiation between all this kurdish faction is a result of the fact that erdogan does not want to give the impression that all kurds are terrorists . 
  reality is that he only yells ypg = pkk because he wants to get a excuse to attack them whenever he can .
