  because its utterly obvious that those economic problems begin exactly at this time , but also slowly got better , especially in the last year . 
  any statistic would tell you that . 
  so why do you make up stuff to shame germany ? 
  its also the most stupid and more of a prejudice then reality . 
  a very nice idea . 
  not sure how putin would react if someone would annoy him , though . 
  maybe we 'd all pay a higher price for one angry dude and then immediately jump this angry dude to shut up ? 
  would n't this give russia even more control ? 
  actually there are a few thousand staying behind . 
  it 's from a soccer match , so it 's even less important/meaningful . 
  it was nonetheless a huge , annoying dick-move . 
  maybe you remember the match ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6hf8ha/dont_look_back_in_anger_beautiful_gesture_from/ so i 'm aware that there are not only people with a opinion i 'd consider `` wrong '' . 
  but i 'm talking about the impression ** i ** 've got over the past month from many discussions here on reddit . 
  and this impression is very nicely expressed by this picture . 
   i think you need to realise that they 're not trolls though . 
  there normal people like your grandma or granddad . 
  they do n't believe this stuff because they want to piss you off or shit on the dreams of a united europe , it 's because they are legitimately concerned about the situation they find themselves in , rightly or wrongly . 
  we are still talking about reddit , is n't it ? 
  at least i 'm . 
   the service economy focus might be wise from a long term economic perspective , but brexit is just another indication of a problem with that . 
  a service based economy unfairly benefits the educated and intelligent , but leaves the average bloke without stable work they can feel proud of , making them turn to populism . 
  so maybe we should see how it works out . 
  would be interesting and many things could happen . 
  maybe even something good . 
  i still believe the torys actually do n't want that to happen , though . 
  they are the elites and their pr-department . 
  they only care for things they can earn real money with . 
  not for dreams of poor people who want to like their work . 
   as for the global political situation , i think you 're being somewhat over dramatic . 
  well i have the feeling that for the first time we 're at a real breaking point . 
  maybe i 'm a bit dramatic . 
  but the things just feel a bit different this time , then for example during the bush/schr \u00f6der-era and most certainly all presidents/chancellors i 've seen before that time . 
   i know , but is n't that exactly what you were doing when we started are you talked about british opinions being worthless if not destructive . 
  britain is also a country made up of individuals with vastly different opinions and experiences . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  my common sense got a bit derailed somehow . 
  :p  if democracy gives you the wrong answer it 's not the people who are wrong , but the government and the way the people have been dealt with . 
  people are just people , they do n't take the singular burden of statesmanship and leadership upon them , they just react as they feel is best , and many people in the uk have decided that the eu is not something they like . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i have quite the opposite opinion when i think - for example - about the democracy in swiss . 
  they voted on pretty complex matters and often made a very sensible decision . 
  the same things could have gone pretty wrong in germany . 
  such a complex decision should be made by a well educated , thoughtful population . 
  a `` gut feeling '' is just not enough for something this complex and not the right fundament in my opinion . 
  i tried to look in this thread . 
  but i found only dudes from ee and uk and some without flair . 
  but it 's ok . 
   lol , see how ignorant and myopic you actually are , you do n't even seem realise you 're talking to someone how supported remain and supports the eu . 
  get off your high horse pal and stop projecting enemies everywhere , your blind emotional eu nationalism is so out of place , the eu is n't even a country . 
  i got some vipes , but how could i be sure ? 
  after getting spat in the face with all these things basically on a daily base from those pro brexit/anti eu dudes , it 's becoming relatively normal . 
  so do you really think i should be able to separate a pro-brexit troll from a dude playing a pro-brexit troll ? 
  ( \u0360 \u25c9 _ \u25c9 ) btw : i also would n't call my mindset eu nationalism . 
  all i was hoping for is that the idea of the eu will life on . 
  and i hate to see my belief in this idea shrink every day . 
  how could it be nationalism if i lost any trust in the european population to vote for a united future ? 
  would n't that need some kind of pride in our `` nation '' ? 
  i do n't see that pride . 
  we ca n't even overcame the smallest obstacle without gigantic arguments about even the most stupid details . 
  so if i need to make a self-diagnosis what is going wrong i would say its `` frustration while facing the diminishment of faith in the eu '' . 
  it feel like a house of cards breaking down . 
  and i 'm sorry to say it feels like britain is one of the dudes who shakes the table , while i 'm the dude who hysterically shouts `` stop shaking '' . 
   funny , because the whole german economy seemed to be based on manufacturing and it does n't seem to be doing so bad . 
  the argument that there are no physical economy jobs in the future for britain is absurd . 
  that is just plain wrong . 
  even if germany has still many jobs , its not like they 're increasing . 
  just like everywhere in the western world . 
  the only difference is we managed to slow it a little bit : http://www.macleans.ca/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/mfg_employment_shares_countries.png even china experiences less manufacturing jobs and increased investments into robots : http://www.businessinsider.de/bernstein-china-robots-and-the-end-of-adam-smiths-wealth-of-nations-2016-12?r=us&amp;ir=t i 'm sorry to say that : but your strong emphasis on the service sector may have been actually a good thing to do . 
   why would we be afraid ? 
  the eu is stable enough , it 's not 1950 anymore , staying what is perceived as abusive relationship by many people just because of some abstract idea of peace is not a valid argument to most voters . 
  its no abstract danger anymore . 
  you just need to look at the relations going down in the past 6 month . 
  the eu is as close to break up as never before . 
  putin in the east , may & trump in the west while ee is also riding on a pretty noisy anti-eu or anti-germany wave right now . 
  italy has a vote soon , too . 
  and it 's still far from decided . 
  if everyone is on their own soon , nato is the only glue that holds us together . 
  a nato ruled by trump . 
  how in the world can you feel safe in that scenario ? 
   the reality is that all i 've done is make explicit what many brexiteers think and feel , and you 've done nothing but spit bile and tell the proletariat they 're stupid , wrong , and bad . 
  do you not get democracy ? 
  if you want to win democracy you have to have people on side , giving them their medicine and telling them it 's good for them does n't work . 
  i 'm not germany and i 'll be never in a position to `` win democracy '' . 
  i 'm just a single person who voices his opinion . 
  not sure why you try to sit me into this `` you are germoney '' - boat . 
  my opinion stands : if 52 % of britain have been fooled by the vote-leave campaign and still have no problem to vote this government again - even if they know that they blatantly lied to them - then there are many people who are stupid , wrong or even bad in britain . 
  i 'm not saying there are only smart and nice guys in germany , too . 
  pretty sure you do n't think so , either . 
   and finally , it 's worthless to point out that germanophobia is a natural instinct of a generation that grew up during total war with germany or in the immediate aftermath of it . 
  even if you hate the bureaucracy , the power-hungry elites of brussels or the german influence , you should have seen that there are much more important things at stake . 
  the eu was built to prevent the very thing you 're afraid of . 
  your small minded and selfish vote - like nothing else in the last 70 years - is endangering this peace . 
  and all of this to earn - with much luck - a few hundred bucks more a month . 
  `` let 's crush this thing and get as rich as before ! '', 
  whatever `` before '' even means . 
  and how rich can you become , in a country as unequal as it gets - compared to the rest of europe ? 
  i 'm pretty sure your pro-rich-elites government will make sure you get what you deserve . 
   maybe you just want to shut down discourse because you do n't want to acknowledge the reality that a german led eu is something many britons want no part of , and feel that by changing tariff conditions in the world might let britain scrap back some of the industry it once had , rightly or wrongly . 
  haha .
