  i say it was not the eu 's fault that you were not able to , but your own governments . 
  i never met an hindu in my life in germany . 
  so i do n't know for sure how they roll . 
  but im pretty sure the reason for hindu immigration has nothing to do with the eu . 
  maybe you should consider your own colonial history in the matter . 
  you also should consider taking a english lesson . 
  maybe your english was not good enough to understand ? 
  i bet they love being at the state of constant cold war since 50 years . 
  i thought you are afraid of non-eu immigration and muslims ? 
  so you are only afraid of eu immigration now ? 
  and i would n't care about your neighbors if i were you . 
  im pretty sure most of them do n't talk too much to you anyway . 
  i always thought it is a good thing to ask liberals about economy , because they know ? 
  to me their arguments are pretty solid with a lot of nice diagrams i easily understand . 
  i like for example that there is not a single institute who thinks it will be good for the british economy . 
  or how stupid your immigration concerns really are . 
  this arguments are pretty convincing . 
  they are nothing but pure logic without any mysterious and shady facts :  they say britain has lost control of its borders . 
  in fact anyone entering britain ( except from ireland ) must pass through border checks . 
  or they point to europe 's refugee mess , although since britain is not in the eu 's schengen passport-free zone , the country has largely escaped it . 
   5.1 % unemployment  several studies have found that eu migrants , unlike non-eu ones , are net fiscal contributors . 
  ca n't believe how stupid this immigration debate seems in the light of this simple facts . 
  your borders are factually already closed . 
  how much closer than closed are you trying to close them ? 
  and eu migration is factually helping the gdp and the economy . 
  but you want them out ? 
  and your unemployment also is extremely low . 
  so what have you lost exactly by letting those dudes immigrate ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't think users are going to pay for it . 
  sounds like its going to hurt those clickbaiters the most . 
  that is a thing i actually going to like because the only thing they are doing is filling the internet with worthless dirt . 
  i never would say never . 
  we had not a single war since then that was anywhere close to the stage of world war 2 at the end . 
  every nation started to bomb civilians without mercy in the last years . 
  a human life was worth nothing back then . 
  maybe you say `` never '' now . 
  but how do our leaders think and act after 100 million dead people ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this changes people . 
  they are doing it wrong !, 
  more industry and less pollution is the way to go . 
  the term `` world police '' is something different . 
  it means the behavior to invade countries because the `` world police '' thinks they are doing something wrong . 
  its no actual police force but a word used to refer most of the time to the us-army . 
  bananas wo n't be the only thing abnormal you are going to get from us in the future !, 
  we are talking about the world wide use of armed forces and not about police force . 
  not sure what you mean . 
  i think i already explained it 's uses enough . 
  but i do it again : - eu wide disaster control and emergency management - stronger eu border control - combination of defensive forces would make maintenance cheaper . 
  we should not try to mirror the us example and try to play world police . 
  this never worked out well . 
  not a single us or nato-war ( after wwii ) had brought up the desired long term result . 
  all it 's left in the region was a mess . 
  every . 
  single . 
  war . 
  but you can restrict its use so you can not use it otherwise . 
  i agree that there is danger that they change this rule later . 
  but in germany it worked pretty well until balkan conflict . 
  this is no additional cost . 
  the ~ 30 billion we invest in our current military would be spent partially or fully into another direction . 
  i think its cheaper to maintain one army with 1-1 ,5 million soldiers , than 28 . 
  im pretty convinced that the maintenance of all this bureaucrats and infrastructure costs more than if we would combine it into one bigger army . 
  i do n't they every country needs to give up its own army . 
  but i think they do n't need to be a big as currently . 
  its russias new style of war . 
  creating social and economic unrest is their main weapon . 
  but it 's understandable . 
  they need to avenge the response to the rightful annexation of the crimea . 
  you know ... they are not the brightest bunch of people like most dudes who rely only on strong-arm tactics when it comes to negotiations . 
  however this goes , one thing is clear : we already have enough infrastructure in many eu countries . 
  there are old , abandoned military bases everywhere . 
  it also would help many countries because they could release their local armies - after they gained some trust - and invest this money somewhere else . 
  it also would help to bring the whole eu military force on the same technological level . 
  at the moment we have combined around 1,6-1 ,7 million soldiers . 
  so i think a defensive army of about 1 million soldiers would be a good start . 
  easy explanation : it costs more to build new roads on top of all this gravel roads then to maintain existing roads . 
  damn . 
  how did they get into the eu without anyone noticing ? 
  this juncker dude really likes his shady business . 
  i think the eu is not ready for a army of this kind . 
  we are most of the time unable to agree on anything . 
  so i 'm sure it would be more like some kind of useless un-army if we organize it in this style . 
  if we strictly limit its use to border control , defense and natural disaster/humanitarian aid ( maybe even world wide ) i think all countries in the eu would agree . 
  i think this is a good idea . 
  we have enough economical power to support a solid force . 
  but it should be a defensive army only . 
  it should not be used to intervene in countries like syria or anywhere in the world . 
  and it should not be allowed to use weapons inside europe ( beside training ) and only be used to control the borders ( our `` borders '' a laughable ) and to protect us from outside threats of any kind . 
  it should also be used regulary inside the eu to help in case of natural disasters or something similar - but only without using any kind of weapons . 
  who wonders about it ? 
  yesterdays new pro-brexit changes in statistics were pretty high . 
  their germanophobic irrational arguments `` germany is ruling europe supreme '' helps us very much to sell our stuff . 
  i mean : the british people may get angered by it . 
  but what about the chinese ? 
  the arabian countries ? 
  the usa ? 
  do you think they care about this stupid resentments ? 
  the only thing they read in english newspapers - a language they can read - empress merkel is ruling us all !, 
  so thanks to you brexit supporters .
