  according to the girls : first they talked to officers , then to a police station and in the last instance - back in berlin - they called the human rights office of the polish police . 
  note : i 'm not saying this is true . 
  we have to wait for the investigation . 
   this might just be me , but no - i honestly have no clue where most cctv cameras are and i doubt that is the first thing that comes to someones mind when they want to spit on someone . 
  i imagine doing something like this is very reactionary , a split second decision , not something you `` plan '' . 
  if i wanted to mug someone , then sure , but thats completely different . 
  i think there is indeed a criminal indent . 
  i 'm sure you would for example make sure that no police is around before you do something like this . 
  or would you spit on them in front of an officer ? 
  and if you see the cameras : you also would avoid them . 
  it 's still a spontaneous decision . 
  however , you 're half right . 
  all we can say here is : there is no conclusive proof for any of the statements we have right now . 
   even though i lived in lublin for several years , i have no clue how many there are - not something i really focused on . 
  but lack of photographic evidence does not prove anything  yes , we need to wait . 
  thats all . 
  but we also should n't completely deny the possibility by calling it fake news . 
   running is somewhat slower than 1,5 seconds , right ? 
  if they had i would now discuss with you a video of a guys back , running away from a crowd of girls . 
  you just do n't want it to be true and do n't even consider to give this the benefit of doubt . 
   then why not show it to police officers to prove their words ? 
  you forgot that they said `` we did n't understand them '' , right ? 
   friends of the muslima , who wanted to help , and drew the attention of police officer to the incident , were ignored . 
  when they went to another commissariat to report the attack , they were laughed at for their complaint , said magdalena zag\u00f3rska , a german-born polish woman who served as a translator . 
  thats why . 
   it depends , if i say in front of store x , y happened and you check a cctv camera that shows the area in front of store x and you dont see y happening - that proves y didnt happen . 
  that being said - is this as clear cut as that , probably not , but we dont know . 
  yes , but we do n't even know exactly where it happened . 
   friends of the muslima , who wanted to help , and drew the attention of a police officer to the incident , were ignored . 
  when they went to another commissariat to report the attack , they were laughed at for their complaint , said magdalena zag\u00f3rska , a german-born polish woman who served as a translator . 
  the police assumes only based on the interview and where they met with the girls . 
  let 's not forget : the police were not able to understand them . 
  so how do they know where to look ? 
  their own press release was based on this interviews not on direct contact with the girls . 
   come on , if this happened , you are giving this idiot way too much credit , is he a spitting mastermind ? 
  if you live in a town you know where the cameras are . 
  this does not need a mastermind . 
  if you see a camera directed at you and plan to spit them in their face , would n't you wait until they are out of sight ? 
  btw . 
  : i just looked on recent images of `` lithuania sqare '' in lublin . 
  i found not a single one with a camera on the street . 
  so if there are some , they are most certainly not everywhere . 
  but the situation is no lie . 
  there are statements that proof the girls were there and tried to talk to the police . 
  and there are statements from the girls . 
  missing cctv footage does not proof much . 
  only that the dude was not stupid enough to attack in a place with camera surveillance . 
  so the situation is unclear and an ongoing investigation . 
  so most certainly not fake news . 
   yeah , because they would randomly roam the neighboring streets and randomly stumbled on a tourist square just when they started searching for officer . 
  no , they would look out for a police station or an officer . 
  a big square they already know is a good place to start to search for help . 
  that 's not random , but normal behaviour . 
   why not take a photo as he 's leaving ? 
  complete lack of evidence makes this improbable . 
  nothing in this story adds up . 
  do you even read the statements ? 
  or do you just do n't care because this obviously must be a conspiracy theory . 
  the dude ran away . 
  and we do n't know if they have footage . 
  i did support your statement : the police did n't lie . 
  they just said they did n't understand the girls and have found nothing on cctv . 
  what i tried to say with that is that the general mood from polish redditors on this sub seems to be `` fake news '' . 
  there is no statement saying the incidence happened at the lithuanian square from the girls . 
  that 's the place where they found an officer . 
  a huge difference . 
  if you do n't even see the person coming or do n't expect that he spits in your face , even 1.5 seconds are too long to get your camera out . 
  you are not reasonable and making up logical conclusion that are not supported by the evidence . 
  maybe you should scroll a but further down . 
  there is basically nothing else then statements like this . 
   i di n't pick up the supposed `` all poles are assholes '' judgement anywhere . 
  please read you discutants more carefuly . 
  let me cite the bbc article for you :  * a lublin police statement on tuesday said `` the trip participants did not report any complaints to lublin police officers '' . 
  *  * group members had addressed two policemen in english , who `` heard from the people translating that there was no problem '' , the statement said , adding : `` the people exchanged polite smiles '' . 
  *  * it also said police had examined cctv footage , but it did `` not show any incident involving foreigners '' . 
  * they 're pointing out exactly the thing you just said they do n't :  the bbc shows one side unproven narrative that we do n't even know if happened . 
  and most facts that the police pointed out say that it probably did n't happened . 
  not pointing that out but pushing for one sided narrative that you believe is making fake-news . 
  uh , news must be a entirely new concept to you , is n't it ? 
  a journalist is no judge . 
  seems like you got something wrong here . 
  they report about a statement made by the girls and the response and statements of the police . 
  they do n't make a judgement or say `` all poles are assholes '' . 
  it 's you who interprets the article in that way . 
  please read it again . 
  no , they do n't . 
  what a entirely irrational statement . 
  if they 'd do what you say they would have 8 hours of camera footage every day . 
  let me tell you how a camera works . 
  must be new to you 1 . 
  you see something interesting 2 . 
  you decide if you want to take a picture or a movie . 
  you take the camera out of your pocket . 
  you start filming/take a picture . 
  you do n't film everything . 
  not even asians do that , when they walk down a normal street . 
  so please do n't act stupid . 
  i do n't know if its a lie or not . 
  that is my entire point . 
  because ** you ** ca n't know it either .
