  but this numbers are not precise . 
  whenever they had contact to any agency they have been counted . 
  it 's also counting family members that have a visa . 
  it also means many of them were not able to apply because the authorities were too overburdened . 
  that means most of your 150k figure is 2015 +2016 : http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2017/01/asylantraege-2016.html but it still does not mean accepted refugees , but only application . 
  the acceptance level was 28 % for both years because they know there is a high chance to get rejected . 
  you also need to look at the new easy numbers . 
  very low in comparison . 
  only a third of the previous year . 
  are there any numbers that proof that accepted asylum seeker are coming from somewhere else then syria , afghanistan , iraq and eritrea in relevant numbers ? 
  and that is why you are wrong . 
  very easy . 
  you want them to be criminals to justify spitting on them . 
  a simple mechanism of lying to yourself that at least is a proof that you have some conscience left in yourself . 
  because if you 'd allow yourself to feel pity and sympathy for those fleeing from a real war , you could no longer hate them . 
  yeah . 
  sad story , bro . 
  we should help those who bankrupted themselves - again - instead of those war refugees . 
  i mean it is n't that we vouch for greece with around 32 billion $ and that we handed them ~ 8 billions over for free alone after the last haircut on their debts . 
  i guess those refugees are just too brown for you , to have any sympathies for them . 
  well , this study is as most pew studies useless . 
  we do n't accept any refugees from most of this countries . 
  if i remember correctly only iraq , syria and eritrea . 
  and a few from afghanistan . 
  it does not matter who is coming . 
  the only thing that matters in this context is whom we 're going to accept . 
  this constant state of threatening each-other starts to become tiresome . 
  i almost wish they get it done already , just to make them shut up and to silence this endless stream of propaganda , counter-propaganda and hate-speach from all sides . 
  go on and turn the world in a fucking wasteland . 
  that 's not only a huge chance to get to play some real-life-fallout . 
  mutti will also reach her goal to save the environment by reducing co \u00b2 output . 
  well , looks like i 'm right . 
  i second this opinion . 
  thanks to trump i actually start to understand the normal peoples in iran . 
  you are a normal person , going to work , living your life . 
  and suddenly someone starts to call your country `` bad , really bad '' and threatens with economic war . 
  it 's really sad that the world is so stuffed with ass-holes who flood us with their propaganda , who make you forget sometimes that there are completely normal people in these `` enemy '' - countries . 
  i wonder if there are people on the internet who are paid for spreading discord and doubt . 
  that 's it eu . 
  i 'm not arguing that it was right to refuse to pay . 
  just trying to explain why they campaigned with `` we refuse to pay and accept austerity '' and then paid and accepted anyway . 
  to me it is . 
  you can refuse to pay the banks . 
  but if you 're completely bankrupt at the same time and urgently need money , you 've got a problem . 
  that 's what usually happens if you give a promise before you 're able to take a look in the book . 
  at least he gave the eu a good fight and i really hope in the end all of this is working out for greece . 
  i think it would be better for europe if we had our own army . 
  i would prefer a comparably small , but very well equipped quick-reaction force that can be deployed all around the world . 
  i also would invest into strong area-denial weaponry to make conventional armies that attack europe basically useless . 
  something with the strength of a tactical nuke , but without the radiation . 
  a better missile shield for europe would be nice , too . 
  i also would increase our nuclear potential by factor 3 and make clear that any invasion force who crosses our border will be removed from mother earth , with the government of the enemy nation being the core target . 
  nuclear anti-bunker weapons would send a adequate message . 
  so mostly defensive stuff , beside the regular forces , who should be able to help in un missions and this stuff . 
  better then a void of militarism . 
  we tried that for thousands of years . 
  i know , us is basically a child-nation . 
  but let me tell us from our experience that every empire/superpower in the world has led to even more war , especially among those who denied to get their life sucked out of them . 
  maybe it 's time to think about other ways to get what you want . 
  i also would n't sign those `` tolerance '' criterias for denmark , considering they elected a far-right-wing government that hates brown people . 
   come , come again ... come ... come ... come ... a hundred times , ... come well , at least on thing is for sure here : they really want the people to come !, 
  new zealand ? 
  probably in your lucid dreams while sniffing on an old tractor-exhaust . 
  haha , says the dude with the troll account . 
  i bet you 're a farm-helper one of those ugly , smelly towns in saxony , just like your name suggests . 
  thanks for taking the time . 
  sounds like there is no future for a liberal islam then . 
  so more war , i guess . 
  yeah , thats the thing . 
  the german military is designed to be useless in this scenarios . 
  no wonder our allies complain about half assed participation . 
  but the ac 130 is a beast in urban environments while our tiger is nothing but a problem . 
  the french one is ok against small groups ( has a 30mm gun ) . 
  the german only has 2 fixed 12.7 mm guns with a range of about one kilometre . 
  so we have basically nothing to fight isis from the air . 
  in my opinion there is a gigantic hole in our equipment if we 'd ever want to give our/allied forces any kind of air support against infantry groups in any environment . 
  so how is a future infantrist even thinkable without air support ? 
  is n't it about a connected battlefield that is able to marks targets and to share it with your allies ? 
  what use has a marked target if you have nothing to effectively get rid of it ? 
  edit : i 'm talking about this kind of combat : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc4jqxazcwk a plane that is circling high in the air above an area that basically invisible and that is able to identify and kill infantry + light vehicles immediately . 
  you just need to look at this video to see how absolutely devastating , precise and quick it is able to react . 
  i think it 's applications are pretty clear . 
  as your new master i command thee to renounce your loyalty to the yellow one and accept mutti as your new mistress . 
   imagine a unmanned fighter jet which is able to control several small drones . 
  or the hunter killer drone . 
  nice ideas . 
  not sure about it 's application , though . 
  i guess mostly air superiority ? 
  we could use the a400m ? 
  the important part are the 105mm and the 35mm guns , firing from 4-5km up in the sky . 
  this thing is a beast against infantry and extremely precise . 
  thanks to its relatively small explosion radius there is also no big danger of collateral damage . 
  i do n't really understand why we have no such a thing . 
  its perfect against isis and many infantry-based-asymmetrical threats . 
  what it would need is a active protection system , though . 
  and maybe a very good recon system . 
  the us air force is even thinking about laz0rs !, 
  what ? 
  i love greece and i 'm sure most germans do . 
  we 're able to differentiate between you and your government .
