      everything could potentially be treated as a hostile act towards russia . 
  `` talk about ukraine in the eu '' , `` visit of german chancellor to kyiv without letting moscow know about that '' , it is simply ridiculous . 
      `` look , merkel congratulated ukraine with their independence day , it probably means something ! '' . 
      if eu was able to meddle , then why russia was n't ? 
  russia invested tremendous amount of money , they financed newspapers , tv-channels , political parties and in the end they ate shit . 
      eu `` were still talking '' at the same time . 
  its not that hard to find putins statements of that time . 
  i googled a bit and found plenty of those articles . 
  it started in 2000 with the missile defence , more in 2008 with the nato-eastern-expansion and even more when janukowitsch went down . 
  he was shouting it into our faces . 
  his threats were everywhere for years . 
  its not like you describe it , sorry . 
  its not `` everything could be interpreted as a threat '' . 
  he literally told us what he interprets as threat and you will find citations everywhere , if you care to look . 
   of which war ? 
  of hybrid war , undeclared war ? , lol , that 's just ridiculous . 
   they do n't even have to attack foreign troops , just block them with crowd of russian speaking idiots who can be cheaply bought , or even simply brought from russia  do you really expect nato to declare open war when this happens ? 
  i 'm not even sure if the us would do this in this case . 
  every scenario with open fights only can lead to putin losing on all fronts , forcing him to use the heavy stuff at the end . 
  so there needs to be an asymmetrical answer . 
  because extinction would help nobody . 
   and you will use this as excuse , because you will not be happy sitting in the cold appartment in january , right  ? 
  what can i say at this point that would convince you ? 
  i do n't think there is anything . 
  i agree that we would be of not much help at the moment . 
  but i 'm sure we would help anyway . 
   you would be surprised , but entire your attitude and you existence clearly confirms that i am right  , because your attitude and whole this concept of `` non-agressiveness '' is the result of my approach and not your . 
  in fact your approach proved to be extremely harmful . 
  that is a strange comparison . 
  hitler was appeased until he attacked , but its not like they did not prepare for war . 
  when he declared war on everyone right and left , people had no choice then to fight back . 
  but the guns pointed at him were pretty huge . 
  have you ever looked at the maginot line and the army sizes ? 
  they played this game of `` who has the biggest gun '' for years . 
  remember : the french had a huge army at that time . 
  and what was the use of that ? 
  he attacked anyway . 
  now we also have nuclear problems . 
  you just said it yourself . 
  this is a asymmetrical conflict . 
  so a direct conflict should never happen , or we get `` a problem '' . 
  that is why nobody is sending heavy machinery into ukraine . 
  but i 'm pretty sure there are some deniable specops ongoing . 
   victim is always responsible for war , because ultimate decision is on victim 's shoulders  `` to resist or not ? '', 
  as we just were remembered : hitler did not care too much about `` resistance '' . 
  he only cared for solutions to get rid of it . 
   in fact your approach proved to be extremely harmful . 
  i do n't know . 
  ever heard about the reunification of germany and the end of the ussr ? 
  now , you can say the guns brought the ussr down . 
  but i prefer to believe that it actually was about oil sanctions that eroded their economy/leadership and good diplomacy that kept them from sending their nuclear friends when things went down . 
   `` they '' ( you ) actually listened and they ( you ) stopped and it did n't help , because every `` yes '' to agressor , only pushes him forward , he asks for more and more . 
  no , they did n't . 
  they were still talking about making ukraine a part of eu and nato at the time maidan happened and also meddled in ukraines politics like crazy . 
  and the government after janukowitsch was even more pro-eu/nato . 
   i 'm absolutely sure that we will simply quit nato if things go really wrong , just because noone would really endanger their lives to defend some small countries in the east . 
  they will just feed russia and keep trading with them . 
  `` because russia warned us and we did n't listen ! '' . 
  all bigger countries of the nato just placed troops in ee . 
  if ee gets attacked , they are automatically a part of this war . 
  if you think they are there , get killed by russia and then just nobody would care , then you are willfully wrong . 
  you actually want to shame , for some reason . 
  as i said . 
  very angry people . 
  i know fear when i see it . 
  the most hateful and angry persons i ever met , where persons afraid to die . 
   pew polls confirm this attitude . 
  sorry , if you take that personal . 
  but we are generally anti war and - military in germany . 
  the same poll-organization should have told you that we would n't even defend our own country . 
  and if i remember it right , the numbers were even lower . 
  so what does this tell you ? 
  you can expect no relevant military participation from germany , because we have been told for 70 years that militarism is wrong and that we should never go to war again . 
  its a part of our culture , not easily to be removed . 
  and that is what i told you from the beginning . 
  we are a economic powerhouse that can pull many strings . 
  but we can not defend europe militarily . 
  on the other side its your problem that you ca n't see that there are other ways to peace , then big weapons pointed at each other . 
  and i 'm sorry to say that guys like you are the reason they are necessary . 
  i 'm not even sure if this game of `` who has the biggest gun '' has ever ended in less aggression . 
  yeah , we had thousands of those old things sitting around from the cold war . 
  i guess those upgrades are also not directed at isis ? 
  i mean ... 3-4 years ago nobody was even thinking that protection from asymmetrical warfare of this scale could be necessary in this region . 
  so how good is their rpg and ied protection with this upgrades ? 
   the root of the problem problem is that this `` they are just afraid , let 's not fight them '' excuse can be used to explain anything . 
  no matter what they do they do this because they are afraid . 
  i 'm not sure i formulated it that way . 
  i said `` they warned us to stop '' . 
  that 's different to this `` they are just afraid '' excuse . 
  because they are obviously not and they chose a pretty smart tactic . 
  reality is that putin had told them to stop , over and over again . 
  they did n't listened , shit got hot . 
  so all i 'm saying is that listening and taking putin for serious would have resulted in a different situation . 
   i 'm not quite understand why should i tell you what u.s. should do , lol , it 's even less useful than what i 'm doing now , telling you ( a person from we ) what we should do  . 
  i mean ideally that would be the best , but it 's kinda pointless to discuss in this circle  . 
  you are right . 
  there are well paid people with a lot of experience who hopefully are going to do something that results in a solution . 
  what i do n't like is the kind of impression this gas-discussion creates . 
  the impression that we could end russia with the blink of an eye but does n't want to do it , because they like their money so much . 
  that is in my opinion pretty insulting .
