  i understand that . 
  business is necessary to create wealth and to have a good and peaceful life . 
  but we should n't throw out all of our values just to earn some money . 
   his focus is on america 's interests ( america first :p ) , not safeguarding liberty around the world . 
  ( you should be happy about that after bush ) i 'm not so sure . 
  after all a lot of business is coming from that wars in iraq and everywhere . 
  if he does plan to keep himself out of all wars , why would he need to increase the military budget ? 
  would n't it be good for economy to put the money into infrastructure and schools ? 
   the way macron behaved at the summit , like he was going to dominate trump with a handshake , was so embarrassing and cringey . 
  trump is not some bully to stand up to , he is the guy that wishes to get along but needs you to meet him halfway . 
  that is a ... interesting perspective . 
  trump was annoying a lot of people with his strongman handshake . 
  he did the same thing macron was doing about a dozen times before . 
  so why was this not cringey for you ? 
  not sure why you forgive him everything , while you think it 's cringey when anybody else is doing the same ? `  you notice he made a threat about nato members making up for having missed their promised targets for so long ? 
  he does n't want to do that , but he feels as though he must keep pressure up to see anything happen . 
  ca n't we just agree that this is a impression trump likes to create ? 
  there is no `` promised target '' we missed . 
  there is one treaty in effect . 
  this treaty was first put in place 2007 or so . 
  but then it was canceled thanks to the banking crisis . 
  2014 the goal of 2 % was set again . 
  but the thing trump likes to forget : we have time until 2024 to reach this goal . 
  why is he doing that ? 
  i mean making up stuff . 
  it has never agreed on the 2 % now . 
  with nobody in nato , with no president of the us . 
  why is he keeping to repeat that made up bullshit ? 
  i mean nobody is saying he has no right to want this faster . 
  he can visit us , talk about it and even demand that we should do it faster . 
  but saying we already agreed to 2 % now is a all out lie . 
  that 's no way of talking to somebody you want to convince . 
   at times , that will mean getting involved internationally because we are all connected , but if you do not get in his way when it comes to restoring the american economy , then he would rather get along with you than waste energy fighting . 
  the thing i wonder about this thrive to bring back manufacturing is that germans are discussing since years that manufacturing business could be history soon . 
  automation takes everything over . 
  where we needed 10 people to produce something , we already need only one dude anymore . 
  and this will increase . 
  not sure why he thinks that manufacturing will get your economy anywhere . 
  i mean what use has the biggest manufacturing complex in the world for the workers , if there is only one employee in the whole complex , overseeing the machines ? 
  :p better would be to accept that automation is the future and to invest into other kinds of businesses , from my perspective . 
  we need to accept the fact that in the future we no longer need thousands of people to built a car . 
  that 's why more and more factories are coming back from china to germany , btw . 
  it does not matter so much if a robot is brought in position in china or in germany . 
  i hope for china they are prepared for this . 
  the same way the oil in saudi arabia will be gone at one point , the need for cheap labor will diminish . 
   thanks for going in depth . 
  it is interesting to see the german perspective fleshed out more . 
  yeah , it 's nice to talk without too much polemics and to get a more inside view on those perspectives without too much heat . 
  i 'm not sure why , but i already feel a bit better about this mess . 
  \u30c4 i also need to say that trump losing trust does not mean hate or something . 
  germans just love security . 
  especially social security and economic security , but also security from war . 
  for example : losing a job in germany is a really big thing . 
  its perfectly normal to work your entire life for one company . 
  its not like we shake in fear when someone is threatening this security , but we might overreact a bit by getting angry for being threatened and start to implementing a wide array of security nets everywhere . 
  and we tend to be a bit stubborn when a decision is made . 
  this kind of overreaction and stubbornness has a name since the romans came to germany . 
  in that way trump is losing a lot of influence . 
  where germans were tending to automatically say yes in the past , they may now tend to not even answer the call anymore . 
  and all that for what ? 
  for those 0,7 % more military budget ? 
  but that is n't going to happen if he goes on with this made up 2 % bullshit . 
  because instead of paying those measly 20-30 billions and at the same time accepting to be bullied , i 'm sure the germans would prefer to spent 200 billion and to talk everyone into building a eu army to provide their own security against russia . 
  now it 's your turn to say `` but that is exactly what we wanted '' . 
  and i 'm telling you : it 's not . 
  why would america want another military in the world that is comparable to their own ? 
  when were multiple superpowers a good thing in world history ? 
   i mean really , not affirming article 5 during that meeting was a ` threat ' ? 
  you mean without the context ? 
  nato is obsolet . 
  putin connection . 
  hailing the erdo-dude for removing democracy , while erdogan was licking putins ass . 
  i mean , without all of that it would n't mean much . 
  let 's not forget : we are talking about trust here . 
  distrust is coming from uncertainty . 
  he never directly said anything really wrong . 
  but the impression he creates , sews distrust . 
   why build one at all in mexico ? 
  surely you would admit that some of those cars might make it into the us market ? 
  i agree . 
  it would be nice . 
  would be even nicer if they 'd built them in germany . 
  they are a at last a german corporation last time i was looking . 
  however : bmw already has two huge car plants in the us . 
  i think they are primarily for building high value cars , where 5000-6000 $ more production cost , does not matter because people do not care . 
  maybe they are building the lower segment cars in countries where it 's cheaper to stay competitive . 
  not sure , though . 
  but why does this even matter ? 
  the most important thing about this is : they are no state financed company . 
  they make their own decisions , based on economy and all kinds of shit . 
  to say : germans are bad , really bad , because some manufacturers are building plants in mexico , is just wrong . 
  normal people do n't read this far into the matter . 
  you are a trump fan . 
  you know that many people are reading only clickbait-journalism , headlines and believe everything that 's said on tv . 
  all they hear as a essence of that is `` trump wants to put 35 % of taxes on all imports to the us ! '', 
  result : reduced trust . 
  the same with the trade-deficit bullshit . 
  yes , there is not so much direct trade with the us . 
  but nobody counts for example google , facebook , twitter . 
  they earn billions in europe .
