i think this is a good thing . 
  the only thing they 're doing is leeching money . 
  now that they need to do their share they show their egocentric self . 
  why should anyone form an alliance with this kind of people ? 
  they are not trustworthy and selfish . 
  please get me right : i also think its wrong to let the refugees flow without any control . 
  but now it 's already too late . 
  many countries already have hundreds of thousands of them . 
  germany even more than a million . 
  it would be easier for europe if they work together and share this millions of people across all parts of the continent . 
  if everyone would take a certain amount the burden would be relatively small for anyone and there would be no crisis at all . 
  but they just refuse any refugee that is no christian , and that 's it . 
  i personally do n't want any contact or alliance with such a backward and egocentric country . 
  this is like asking hitler what he thinks about jews . 
  i think you get cause and effect wrong . 
  if mankind should have a future we need renewable energy . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  money - a completely man made concept - should not hinder us from protecting our future . 
  this would be really stupid . 
  it indeed changed the world . 
  after 30 years of war everything would be different . 
  and it feels like you can do nothing about it . 
  these people are not reachable by sane arguments and reality . 
  they bow their will and mind to easy understandable catch phrases instead of facts . 
  instead of voting for someone who wants to keep up a rich society - that is more and more regenerating from the crash of 2008 - and who would be stabilizing this country by moderate adjustments to the system , they lay their fate into the hand of a mad volcano god who gave them all sorts of promises . 
  it will erupt and do it 's thing . 
  and maybe there is a chance that is only burns down a forest and leaves fertile soil . 
  but the chance is just as high that it burns the entire city next to it . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  what do they want to change ? 
  they live in the richest society since the world exists . 
  and nonetheless they want to risk all of this to get the chance to force some illegal immigrants , muslims or whatever they hate out of their country ? 
  there is only one place where this is going to bring erdogan : http://imgur.com/a/hl4cz, 
  why do we even talk about this ? 
  this is just another try to indoctrinate the turkish citizens with this `` we are the good one 's '' bullshit . 
  if there are 10 people who believe this it 's already a victory for them . 
  we should n't give them a plattform in our media because it also means we or atleast some of us are going to take this dangerous joke of a government for serious . 
  turks are teached by turkey-funded teachers . 
  they are indoctrinated at turkey-funded mosques and read newspapers owned by the turkish government . 
  at the same time they learn german like we learn english . 
  in one or two school-hours a week , trained by a turkish teacher who wants everything but integration . 
  so they leave the school and ca n't even talk a fluid sentence . 
  only a small part changes to a german class in most regions of germany . 
  this is nothing but appeasement against indoctrination of your citizens by an totalitarian regime . 
  you were the one saying no , because you thought you already rule the world !, 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you have one ( notable ) style of bread you eat to everything . 
  we have thousands fitting to the kitchens and meals of the different regions . 
  to make it understandable for you : its like there would be only one kind of wine you trink to every dish . 
  its nothing but blasphemy and ignorance . 
  to cite the article : `` they have links to the pkk '' . 
  if that is enough to call someone a terrorist in turkey they can call any kurd a terrorist . 
  its the same as saying every german has links to the nazis . 
  this is true . 
  but means less than nothing . 
   they supported the pkk terrorism sadly do n't be stupid . 
  if you want to talk with the enemy , there is always someone at the table who is called enemy for a reason . 
  you ca n't make peace with someone if you can not forgive . 
  i hate to see this circle . 
  it 's like watching a train crash in slow motion and nobody can do anything about it , because the worlds rulers are either too weak or want this crash to happen . 
  its not much better that they are under the influence of another dictator now . 
  so state control is from my outside opinion not much worse to control from wahabists . 
  we use it for cooking . 
  its pretty good to round up the sauce of our beloved `` schweinebraten '' !, 
  it does not only sweeten , but also give a subtle bitter note which fits quite well to the sauce . 
  our whole society is build by their lobbyists and therefore favors them . 
  so whats the point ? 
  many countries are long beyond that level of corruption . 
  for example : in germany you ca n't hand an public official some money to get what you want . 
  the corruption is nonetheless everywhere . 
  but we call it `` business '' and not corruption anymore . 
  examples : - if a boss is the best friend of another boss and they hand eachother money and jobs on a daily basis , even if the company rules say that they need to make a public call for proposals it is ok by the law . 
  because its no necessity that the lowest bidder wins , but the one with the best offer . 
  and nobody describes what is `` best '' . 
  - if a dude gets mayor and creates a huge public parking lot close to the company of his brother nobody is calling corruption , even if it saves his brother millions for building and maintaining a private parking area . 
  - its also not forbidden that a public official finds a thousand reason why you can not do something in your garden you 've rented for 20 years . 
  they fuck with you until you give up , only to give it back to the owner who immediately gets a building permit and starts to build a luxury mansion on it . 
  this is some kind of corruption you just can not proof . 
  so fact is : while corruption is eradicated for the normal people , it 's perfectly normal for rich people because they basically create the law by lobbyism . 
  obviously not . 
  if culture is mostly transferred in families , just as i said , how could a person you have no personal contact with , destroy this culture ? 
  and why is our way of life `` vulnerable '' if that is the case ? 
  because our women get attracted by `` them '' and start to found syrian families ? 
  sounds like another disgusting and pretty worn-out clich\u00e9 . 
  you should stop to use google so much . 
  one important lesson about the internet is : there is always someone who shares your opinion . 
  and many of those dudes even use so called `` studies '' to support their argumentation . 
  just because a thing is written it does n't get more right . 
  culture does not just happen in the streets , where guys like you would have the only kind of contact to immigrants . 
  culture happens within your family , festivals , in the opera and in theaters . 
  i happens when you interact with your friends . 
  so how could a immigrant destroy culture ? 
  by convincing the leader of a opera to play syrian music ? 
  by getting your friend and showing you his traditions ? 
  or is this some kind of american fear , because some random dudes and lobbyists convinced you to rename christmas and other christian holidays ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure this is n't going to happen over here in the next 50 years as long as we do n't start to try to integrate the ramadan into christmas holidays and respect every tradition as it is . 
  i was so hoping for some nice steaks from canada . 
  since ireland only sends us their mass produced stuff , french keeps all for themself and spain is only into pork , its still pretty hard to get one that actually is not only tender but also has good flavor !, 
  not bad . 
  queen erdogan and her fellow boyfriend putin seem to have combined their internet-troll squads on this .
