  maybe they still remember the pressure of cold war , being the first target of nukes , while literally seeing thousands of tanks waiting on your borders . 
  on the other hand , most certainly we would n't even notice that a invasion is on its way and just go to work like nothing happend . 
  `` what ? 
  we 're ruled by poland now ? 
  sorry , i have to go now . 
  brotzeit . '', 
  why on earth would a modern military force be unable to land in america ? 
  the country is so big and has huge borders . 
  not really easy to defend so much border . 
  did a german government official actually said something that backs this idea up ? 
  because the sources i 've read about this were actually all non-german . 
  now that you mention it . 
  you are right . 
  that whole `` agreeing with me '' thing tends to happen a lot if you life in a echo chamber . 
  wow . 
  thats not bad actually . 
  i recently read a study about how many germans would defend germany in case of attack . 
  and it was - i think - around 18-20 % . 
  so this 47 % ... that 's actually quite good in comparision . 
  that 's a very humble move !, 
  we may answer `` see you around ! '', 
  i have the urge to say something . 
  but there are no words to describe what 's happening inside me right now . 
  not even in german . 
  the infrastructure crumbles as long as i can think . 
  and the social welfare system was outdated before it was invented . 
  its just typical german to moan about everything . 
  if everyone is moaning and the leadership decides to satisfy them all the only result is mediocrity in everything . 
  and thats exactly how our society is built up today . 
  a fanatic strife for mediocrity . 
  `` some things translates to '' 10 $ more for everyone per month , a few less holes in the road , and a little bit better computers in schools !, 
  `` some things '' is the typical german way of investing the money extremely widespread with a statistically relevant result that has nonetheless zero impact on daily life . 
  i think we should answer all those departments who want a piece of the cake with a hearty `` fuck you '' . 
  instead we should spent this money on something really innovative . 
  for example fusion energy research . 
  something that helps us in the future , will create tons of jobs and also will solve the energy problems of all parts of europe . 
  at the moment this is more some kind of trickling with extremely slow progress . 
  why is germany responsible for making sure everyone else is staying competitive ? 
  we are still capitalists , are n't we ? 
  really ? 
  who would want more money ? 
  is this even a thing ? 
  i think you 're lying !, 
  i have to say : we also want you back . 
  so do n't be too annoyed for us being salty . 
  the salt !, 
  hope we will get back to business as usual soon , though . 
  i have the feeling that we are focusing too less on important things right now . 
  putin ? 
  long time no hear !, 
  damn . 
  sorry for being stupid and drunk !, 
  deleted it . 
  was n't there a plan to replace uk with mexico ? 
  i 've also seen some aussies wanting in . 
  so , enough land to get a direct connection . 
  uk will have to deal with boatpeople , though . 
  thanks . 
  that helped a lot !, 
  now , more beer please . 
  only if you want the entity `` country '' being less strong as it is - which is btw a strong contradiction to your other points . 
  because your argument applies to any smaller country , too . 
  do you think luxembourg wants to be completely irrelavant and ruled by the big ones ? 
  also : there is more to a country then the amount of peoples living there . 
  nope . 
  i 'm sure there is a mathematical name for it . 
  but i forgot it , since im drunk and i 'm 20 years out of school . 
  imagine a curve that is progressing up rather slowly at the beginning and much more steep at the end . 
  populations are also not the only important thing . 
  think about replacing italy with india . 
  they would rule us all if there would be no max at 96 . 
  you know , this hardened stance without any will to compromise and the will to give something up for a greater good , was the reason for thousand years of war in europe . 
  welcome to your own past . 
  all those 6 ? 
  there are only 4 . 
  oh come on . 
  you were part of designing this . 
  no small country would join the eu if it has no seats at all . 
  six out of more than 700 !, 
  a baseline six for any country in the eu . 
  important is the number above this 6 . 
  thats what made you a strong voice , even if it was littered with fuckheads like farage . 
  is that so really so much or is this a exaggeration to explain a stupid decision ? 
  you mean this weak ass invasion in the west while millions of our soldiers fought in russia ? 
  it was basically an invitation to make you fight the russians over the country . 
  and it worked quite well . 
  50 years of cold war while we had time to recover . 
  you are a puppet that was helping us to built the 4th reich !, 
  now you 're gone and nobody likes you anymore . 
  time to take over europe again . 
  h\u00e4h\u00e4h\u00e4h\u00e4 !, 
  best master-plan ever . 
  already drunk . 
  about the same as our last surplus ? 
  good investment then . 
  but i do n't think anyone will get hit so hart . 
  there will still be trade . 
  but it will be adjusted a bit . 
  especially in branches with small marges where - for example - 10 % import tax would ruin a business . 
  yes , because there is a minimum amount of seats per country .
