  i 'm not from russia , i 'm from franconia , a unwilling and the only beautiful part of ugly bavaria in germoney . 
  yeah , the will for punishment was for a long time non-existant in the eu . 
  everyone was told what to do , but if you did not follow basically nothing happened . 
  this is also a bit more important than a deficit . 
  italy has a vote soon . 
  giving them a `` keep this brown dudes for youself !, 
  we do n't want them '' like it 's coming from ee right now could make them vote 5 * . 
  i know you do n't give a fuck and blame them for not doing whatever . 
  but if italy is going ixit because of ees unwilligness to take a few unwelcome people , then we have a serious problem . 
  it will cost ee and europe in general much more and would result with a high probability in the dissolution of the eu . 
  we can not afford to lose a second country of this size . 
  so , not taking any refugees would be a very shortsighted decision and this `` punishment '' will hopefully make 5 * shut up . 
  he can say what he wants anyway . 
  so no limits to free speech . 
  he just needs to address him correctly . 
  it 's open and wilfully displayed disrespect to address them otherwise , because normally you would only address a child in that way . 
  pretty hard to translate this kind of german . 
  the circumstances are very important . 
  a libel is not given by being rude or indelicate . 
  important is that not only the usage of a scatology is an insult , but basically anything that is able to injure the honor of a human being . 
  or short : its complicated . 
  and its not like you go to jail for this . 
  you get a fine , that 's all . 
  you are right . 
  its does not even have the slightest thing to do with free speech . 
  we are perfectly able to insult anyone without using words like `` asshole '' . 
  for example by questioning his mental capacities . 
  yes this is right . 
  without a doubt . 
  but we are blackmailing nobody . 
  the opposite is true . 
  first we urged ukraine to stop the gas thieves . 
  then we urged ukraine to stop shutting our pipeline down . 
  they did nothing of that . 
  and then we urged poland to help us by letting the pipeline be built through their country and to go around ukraine . 
  but poland denied . 
  so why are we blackmailing the east ? 
  you can blame , shame and damn merkel all day . 
  but why would you need to use personal insults in public ? 
  that may be a part of your culture and that 's why you have no problem with that . 
  but that 's far from a relevant reason why we 'd need to accept this as a part of ours . 
  yeah . 
  and why should they be as liberal as for example in the uk ? 
  how is a law-relevant insult helping free speech ? 
  how is allowing nazis to shout heil hitler relevant for your personal freedom ? 
  because that 's about it , what is not included in free speech . 
  how is that blackmailing ? 
  we buy gas and even tried to get poland into the boat . 
  it 's not lecturing it 's punishment . 
  this is how this works . 
  eu has a agreement and countries have to follow . 
  if you do n't do it , because you do n't like it , then you get punished . 
  why all the crying ? 
  just pay the fine and all is good . 
  it did not . 
  germany/we and ukraine had valid points in this discussion . 
  so they had to make a decision . 
  they chose to say it would be betrayal of ukraine if they 'd say yes to this pipeline . 
  a country that stole gas and was shutting our gas supply down in winter . 
  we even offered them to share our reserves or send gas back , when russia shuts the ukraine-pipelines down . 
  i think that 's the general sentiment in poland . 
  ukraine = bros. . germany = necessary evil . 
  there is no love in poland for germany . 
  and their diplomacy with russia is basically `` i spit in your face , asshole !, 
  but this debate is about sanctioning european energy companies helping to built nordstream 2 . 
  even without nordstream 2 we 'd still trade gas with russia . 
  all of europe . 
  in my opinion we see 2 effects from this sanction : 1 . 
  the us senate tries to divide us on the ns2 topic while we 're already arguing about refugees . 
  the us senate hopes to force us into buying lng from america . 
  yes , we already do that . 
  in a way it hurts the elite of russia while not starving the people to death . 
  just as it has been agreed on 2014 . 
  sanctioning nordstream 2 companies is no gas boycott . 
  we do n't even need that thing . 
  its set in place if ukraine starts to steal or turn off our gas again . 
  ee does not like it , because it gives ukraine and poland less power over their gas price . 
  and this power came from the possibility to blackmail we . 
  why would we want that ? 
  this whole thing is a present from trump to kiss ees ass - completely for free , because all they get is some nice gut feeling for slapping russia and germany in the face - while at the same time forcing all of europe to get dependant on lng gas , coming mostly from usa . 
  and it still would not bankrupt russia if all of europe would stop buying gas . 
  gazprom earns ~ 40 billions in all of europe . 
  russia would earn about 20 billion less a year while all of europe - including ee - would have to cry out in agony . 
  even the ee part of it . 
  gas does not grow on trees . 
  we 'd need new pipelines , tankers , lng terminals all over europe . 
  this takes years . 
  years in that we do n't get russian gas or will face harsh sanctions . 
  and all that while russia already builds alternative pipelines . 
  one of them ready by 2018 . 
  so russia would still earn money while our homes stay cold in winter and our industry suffers extremely . 
  what kind of sanction would that be ? 
  as far as i remember this is no solely german project and has been approved by the eu . 
  so now we 're at the start again ? 
  a waste of time , as expected . 
  maybe you are just too stupid to see the problem ? 
  lng does not work . 
  there are no other pipelines then to russia . 
  so how should we sanction anyone without fucking the entire economy , smartass ? 
  i ask you how to buy it and you tell me `` buy it from other countries '' .
