   1.7 is barely impressive . 
  you should aim higher for that at minimum . 
  i agree . 
  you are wrong anyway . 
  its not stagnation . 
  2008 must be a very long time ago for you . 
  it 's not really surprising that you only really care for the last 1-2 years . 
  because at the age of 8 years you do n't really care for things like economic crysis or banking crash . 
  i can understand that you are unable to understand the consequences or ignore them entirely . 
  i thought they were robbed by uk financed pirates . 
  it got up from -4.5 to 1.7 after 2009 . 
  and is growing every year . 
  stagnation would mean it is staying at 1.7 since years . 
  which is not the case . 
  you take the number from one year , 1.7 and say it stagnates at 1.7 ? 
  really ? 
  dude !, 
  also : not every country has the same type of economy . 
  so some are hit harder than others . 
  have you taken a look at our southern economies ? 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/gdp-growth http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/gdp-growth http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-growth, 
  learn to read . 
  i said it was on par before the crash 2008 and is not stagnating but recovering from that crash . 
  always but shortly before the crash 2008 . 
  numbers were looking pretty good . 
  and i hope you are soon on your way back to this position !, 
  this is just wrong . 
  again : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gross_world_product and please do n't compare eu to china or india . 
  there is a huge difference in the economy of a developed and a undeveloped country . 
   growth . 
  if he was right he would n't leave at the first sign of trouble . 
  seems like there is a little hole in your memory . 
  growth is not stagnating . 
  in fact its recovering from the crash 2008 and is constantly increasing . 
  i 'm sure in 2-3 years its back at its old value because it is nothing but going up since years . 
  slowly but steady . 
  before that crash the eu was on par with all advanced economies world wide . 
  so if you want someone to blame for this better look at the uk and the us banks and not the eu , because they are the one to blame for the crash . 
  yes , we only conquer to make new friends and to help people to get rid of their useless governments !, 
  but he is right . 
  either you are throwing around with meaningless facts like `` eu is stagnating '' . 
  ( stagnating in what ? ), 
  or you ignore reality . 
  many small independent countries always lead to more tension in the past . 
  just look at the uk . 
  would you say the missing border between ireland and northern ireland has improved the situation or not ? 
  i think thats the wrong way to argue with britain , because the main reason for them are seemingly immigrants from eastern european countrys . 
  it 's also to late to make anything clear to any brexit supporter . 
  - they wo n't listen is you tell them there are more immigrants from west-european countrys than from east european countries . 
  - they wo n't listen if you tell them that this immigrants provide a great surplus and are net contributors to the uk economy . 
  - they wo n't listen if you tell them there are even more non-eu-immigrants than eu immigrants combined - coming mostly from india . 
  something on which the eu has no influence on simply because your borders are closed and were never open ( they are no part of schengen ) . 
  - they wo n't listen if you tell them their economy is actually doing really well . 
  disposable income has gone up by a huge degree and the unemployment rate is very low . 
  - they still belief that their fishing industry is ruined , even if it is the strongest in whole europe . 
  - the loudest voices in the leave campaign are the sun - led by the murdoch clan . 
  and nigel farage , a dude who really likes putin . 
  they are strongly influenced by extreme-right wing republicans and russia but do n't really have an idea why . 
  i 'm not sure what to do . 
  but talking does not make any difference . 
  the germans are more afraid to have no uk on their side to uphold a strong pro-stability block inside the eu then the opposite where the southern contra-stability-block will get stronger and stronger and therefor undermine the german desire for a stable currency . 
  i remember all this criticism in germany 's direction pretty well . 
  `` too much export '' . 
  or the long version : they told us we are influencing the currency to weaken it , to support our export oriented economy while southern countries need a stronger currency and suffer when the $ is weak . 
  is n't that the exact opposite of this article ? 
  im pretty sure the uk is ready for a trade union soon . 
  since the biggest contributors to the leave campaign are close friends of him - like nigel farage for example - i would also not wonder if he has his fingers in this campaign . 
  i thought our tourists are already doing this ? 
  kroatia is our new secret target for making cheap or better `` good value for money '' - holidays . 
  and the beach houses are pretty cheap too . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is already an invasion going on !, 
  oh come on . 
  everybody knows that the germans do nothing want more than to conquer everything . 
  germany 's only reason why they want the uk to stay is to allow germany to suck em dry even more . 
  just as we did with greece , spain and italy . 
  o come on . 
  do you really argue with saying `` we had enough common sense to detect bad policies '' while the truth is that you just wanted to get a bigger piece of the cake . 
  pure , blatant and boring greed . 
  nobody said anything about percentage . 
  not sure where you did get that idea from . 
  i said your budget depends on your gdp . 
  more gdp results most of the time in more budget . 
  easy . 
  i also expected that you know the numbers !, 
  my mistake . 
  2,5 bn is the amount of agricultural subventions from the eu into britain . 
  but 40 % of all eu spending is used for agricultural subventions which concludes - according to leave campaign dudes - in this 5bn figure . 
  5bn of uk eu contributions are used for agricultural subventions . 
  that means that about the half of your spending is going into britain , and another 2,5 bn in agricultural subventions for the whole eu . 
  maybe the post now makes more sense to you ? 
  the gdp is directly tied to the amount of taxes and in that way to the budget in general . 
  you have less tax income since the 2008 crash . 
  it 's not the eus fault . 
  you also should not forget that it is your government who decides its expenditure . 
  your government made the decision that this sector needs 24 billion . 
  yes , they would cover up the eu investments of 2,5 bn . 
  but the rest of the sum will be shared equally on all departments . 
  which again leads to the conclusion : `` a water-drop on a hot stone '' . 
  especially after your economy has finally recovered from the 2008 crash you would n't even feel any noticable impact from this sum . 
  but i think you are going to feel what you lose .
