  i 'd never in a million years sacrifice the greatest continent on earth for the benefit of anybody else . 
  never . 
  that 's all i wanted to hear , you know . 
  i support better border controls , too . 
  a shame that those imposed by poland are so utterly useless . 
  i 'd like immigration to work more controlled , too . 
  i just think quotas would be fair in a `` union '' . 
  so we are not so far away from each other in this point , i guess . 
  i want to thank you for the look into your soul , though . 
  you know , most people deny their xenophobia and hatred of the unknown , when you ask them . 
   yet this is all a very modern construct . 
  and most of them were proven to be a massive mistake . 
  has it ? 
  from what perspective ? 
   i 'm honestly baffled by you . 
  i guess that happens at responsibility level zero . 
  you are aware that rich countries are responsible for global warming ? 
  we destroy their world and then we turn our back on them , if it happens ? 
  i 'm baffled by the enormous amount of your selfishness and your willingness to accept a possible future without preparation by denying the possibility of bad side effect from global warming . 
  and how should we stop those endless crowds ? 
  if you are serious enough , that wont stop you . 
  :p maybe even a discussion without blaming germany for all immigration problems . 
  you want to be rich ? 
  get used to other people wanting a piece of the cake . 
  britain has many dudes from india and pakistan , germany biggest group of immigrants are from turkey . 
   are you a mad man ? 
  are you honestly suggesting europe should house several hundred millions of climate refugees in the future ? 
  that 's pure fucking lunacy . 
  so what is your solution if they try to come , because their home turns into a desert and they have zero to eat ? 
  shoot them all at the border ? 
  let their brain boil until it explodes ? 
  sounds more like you want to be the murderer here . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  but arent we talking about a fair share or quota of immigration spread over europe ? 
  not sure if this is about `` migrant quality '' . 
  the only one declaring all of them bad people are the right wingers , who are just too dumb to differentiate . 
  i thought there is no treaty at the moment and all this fuss is about starting that treaty ? 
  have you looked on german migration statistics ? 
  it was pretty high all the time . 
  i want to say we 're doing well and poland is just a bit xenophobic and confronted with something they do n't know ( people from all over the world , wanting to immigrate ) , but that would result in a discussion how germoney is sucking all other states in the eu dry . 
  so i think it would be better to not discuss this any further . 
  sources ? 
  to me it looks pretty stable : https://tradingeconomics.com/germany/wages only true thing i see is : propaganda stronk !, 
  goldman sachs is telling you : it 's all germoneys fault . 
  and you buy it , while forgetting the banking crysis 2008 and the stagnation thanks to a complete stop of investment in southern eu countries . 
  this bullshit is sky high and you take a bath in it , without noticing it . 
  so what ? 
  lie to them ? 
  there has been immigration to western europe since centuries . 
  and if global warming will increase , there will be even more . 
  why should it be a problem of only a few members of the eu to deal with that ? 
  because you do n't like it ? 
  i get the general idea of not fucking up voter opinion shortly before a vote . 
  but if there is so much hate for immigrants - for whatever reason - we get a huge problem in the future . 
  no , 16 minimum . 
  maybe this is actually not bad . 
  why do we need a union , when there are so little things we have in common ? 
  why do we need allies in the east when they only contribute if they have nothing to lose ? 
  its only about a 100 billion $ , what we have to pay . 
  and you cant rely on our broken military anyway . 
  so exit the eu together with poland and hungary and form a new union with all who 'd like that idea . 
  maybe ukraine ? 
  poland and hungary are working hard to remove democracy in their countries anyway . 
  maybe you could call it ussr 2.0 ? 
  i 'm sure you 'll be fine . 
  just look at uk . 
  i 'm sure we could stay friends !, 
  and look how far this little but symbolic act has brought them . 
  better then telling us : `` go fuck yourself and take those brown dudes with you , you egoistic assholes ! '', 
  typhoon is more of a interceptor and air superiority fighter . 
  not really the same as the tornado . 
  i do n't know . 
  the nh90 seems to be pretty good , after a few problems in the beginning . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nhindustries_nh90#notable_accidents_and_incidents nothing special , really . 
  its used in mali and by the ksk by the german forces . 
  and they sound pretty pleased . 
  the a400m also still has a few infancy problems and they are delivered at a very slow pace . 
  to me it 's more of a political problem . 
  they have to work with chronic underfunding of these projects and therefore have to cut costs and jobs everywhere . 
  maybe if our politicians would loosen the leash a bit , they 'd be able to deliver better products . 
  did n't we just do that by implementing minimum wage ? 
  beside that : imports are not only happening because there is export . 
  its also happening when there are not enough needed goods inside the country . 
  meaning : a real solution to this crisis would be to increase investments in this countries . 
  german bashing is good for the envious soul . 
  but does n't really help anyone . 
  yes , it 's a shot in the foot . 
  but after all a shot in the foot can be survived . 
  a shot in the head has a much lower chance . 
  45000 last year . 
  not really dramatic !, 
  i know . 
  those dudes are real blood suckers . 
  i know some people who worked for them . 
  to make it clear for everyone else : `` abuse '' in this case means that the income is not really high and that you have often a different job , sometimes changing on every day of the week . 
  for example on one day they helped in the harbour , on the next day they we 're moving furniture . 
  and you never know when work starts and where you have to go , beyond tomorrow . 
  but for all of them it ended quite well . 
  they go hired by a company they worked for and work there till today . 
  so it 's actually not so bad as a first step on the german job market .
