  i would vote yes , too !, 
  basically you say eu takes transparency , oversight and accountability . 
  and your proof is a `` group '' of people that do n't even exist . 
  i see not a single word about how this things are tied together . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  you pay 17 billions for eu . 
  but your gdp is at ~ 3000 billion which btw is nearly twice as high since 2000 . 
  so there is a lot of money . 
  compared to the money the eu is playing with this is enormous . 
  the money the eu can invest is a drop on a hot stone compared to this . 
  so : if there are problems , why does your government does n't use some of your taxes to invest in infrastructure and such things ? 
  i do n't get how the eu can be held accountable for this problems . 
   unaccountable i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  we still vote for our government . 
  and there are tons of way to get rid of them . 
  i do n't see how the eu has changed that . 
  im pretty sure that 's exactly what the nato wants . 
  its the only way to put russia down on his knees without open warfare . 
  it worked the last time and will work this time because basically the whole world works against them and their friends are not really reliable . 
  so the eu is responsible that the working class in uk gets poorer and poorer ? 
  i thought they are more into banana regulations and such stuff . 
  they also give a lot of subventions for agriculture which should help the rural regions more than anything . 
  a week ago i read an article about cornwall . 
  there has been said the regions are richer then ever , because they get a lot of infrastructure subventions . 
  a friend of mine is a farmer and said that he is not sure if he would be able to survive without eu subventions in cause of all that cheap grain coming from outside eu . 
  so can someone explain how the eu is making poor people poorer and how it is their fault and not your governments ? 
  four . 
  on recon . 
  just as lame as germany 's participation . 
  it sounds like all of this was created without the uk . 
  that you are not responsible . 
  nice to know that you and your elected government actually did a huge part to help creating this mess . 
  you even intensified bureaucracy by expecting so much exceptions . 
  maybe that is the reason why so many people are hating you for bailing out . 
  funny , that he still thinks there is atmosphere in this relation . 
  i 'm not sure germany is ready for them . 
  the last wolf i read about has been shot because he came close to human settlements . 
  he was killed for getting used to humans and losing fear . 
  and he has been killed because the involved parties were lazy and thought this would be the easiest way to get rid of him . 
  i mean : if there really is need to get rid of him shouldnt we do everything to find another solution like transfering him to another country or maybe bringing him to a zoo ? 
  i think those animals are too precious to get rid of them in this way . 
  it is not my right to allow or forbid anything . 
  and as far as i remember iraq was also a us ally . 
  what situation ? 
  the iraqis attacking kuwait ? 
  there were dozens of wars since then where the usa did not intervene . 
  so why was it necessary to handle any situations in the middle east at all ? 
  or do you talk about the iraq killing all that babys what was the primary reason for us citizens to support the intervention ? 
  you are right . 
  but i also can not name any other muslim terrorist from that time and any country . 
  they all came later . 
  so maybe there actually is a correlation ? 
  i think at this point its already better for them to leave . 
   this is confusing . 
  we were in the eu in 1980 . 
  have been since 1973 . 
  so i do n't see how this is positive . 
  i answer with a citation : * the maastricht treaty established the european union under its current name in 1993 and introduced european citizenship . 
  *  blah blah ok , you ran out of arguments and now try to argument with insults and conspiracy theories . 
  i think we can stop talking at this point . 
  because that 's exactly what i wanted to see from you . 
  your numbers are just wrong . 
  you had the highest unemployment in the last 46 years before you were in the eu from 1980-1990 and your lowest point in the last 30 while you were a member . 
  your unemployment went up after the crash 2008 , but even then the numbers werent as high as from 1980-1995 : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/unemployment-rate overall this curve is pretty convincingly pro eu - if you have an open mind . 
   oh yes thank god for all those polish workers at aldi . 
  how would the economy flourish ? 
  in fact yes . 
  most money is created by low to medium income jobs in our economies . 
  and last time i looked workers at aldi earn pretty good compared to other companies in this business . 
  and whats your problem with those polish workers ? 
  someone needs to do those jobs . 
  if your people do not want them someone else is doing them . 
  if there would be no demand for workers they would n't come . 
  so normally those polish workers are a pretty good sign because they tell you : your economy is doing well . 
  the 're are many in germany , too . 
  a short look told me there are about 2.000.000 with polish migration background . 
  not counting guest workers . 
  would you dare to say our economy has a problem ? 
  i also call some of them friend . 
  we get along very well . 
  so where is your problem ? 
  thanks , captain obvious . 
  next time - before paying a few hundred thousands bucks - just ask me . 
  i 'm pretty sure 1990 was no good year either . 
  us bombed iraqs infrastructure to pieces and let the people of iraq rot a country with a destroyed infrastructure . 
  good times for terrorist recruiting , if you ask me . 
  maybe they let immigration happen because it 's a necessity and permitting it would actually damage the economy . 
  like they say over and over again . 
  do you think europeans go there because you are such welcoming dudes ? 
  no , they go there because they get a job offer . 
  i myself got one today for a job london . 
  but do n't be afraid : i 'm not going to take it . 
  :p i mean you ca n't replace all that necessary qualified workers in high-tech industry with one of those red bearded hillbillies who has done nothing in life but drinking in shady pubs and trying to kick some russians out of france !, 
  nothing wrong with my sentence `` they never got the expected result '' anyway . 
  but if you just want to say : there are things worth fighting for i agree . 
  to sum that up : we should n't consider it because it would be `` pointless '' and `` poorly coordinated '' . 
  maybe then we should n't design it pointless and poorly coordinated but useful and well coordinated ? 
  i thought they did something ? 
  you got the right to block access to healthcare and everything to any non-eu-immigrant you want . 
  you also tried to limit the immigration to 100.000 .
