  that 's not how a official statement looks like . 
  do something for your faking skill or stop your trolling . 
  two little pictures as document header do not make it an official statement . 
  so you think 2008 were no bad year and this numbers from 2008 proof nothing ? 
  maybe you should get yourself out of this `` project fear '' mind cage . 
  i do n't say its bad . 
  i just tried to see it from another perspective . 
  what do you say to this pattern ? 
  http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y you know what happened 2008 ? 
  what does this pattern tell you ? 
  the pattern of economical problems for 8 more years until your economy finally was on the way up . 
  do n't you think that should proof that a weak pound is no good sign for economy ? 
  because , if it 's not important why does it only happen when something goes really wrong ? 
  because you miss on the fact that the $ dropped , too . 
  thanks btw . 
  from germany . 
  we do like it for our exports . 
  this is maybe a little bit more obvious : http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=2y that last time it was comparably low was at the big crash of 2008 . 
  now its even lower . 
  good work , dude !, 
  so you think this is you do n't want to see reality or is this you seeing through the facts ? 
  actually a good idea . 
  let them built the superstate . 
  but would n't that mean that everyone who does not want to join is bullied even more ? 
  how should they vote against a state that has 70-80 % of all votes ? 
  no problem . 
  when the brits no longer steal scottish oil and set the scottish sea free from its fish , i 'm pretty sure scotland will be doing fine . 
  i honestly do n't care if it ends like that . 
  at least we only cooperate with countries who want to cooperate not only for their own sake . 
  but i 'm pretty sure there are more people in europe who think we share enough basic ideas about our societies to justify a unification of our people abd to make us stronger in a world more and more overruled by china , usa and even india . 
  if we want to have something to say in the world of tomorrow , i see honestly no other way than this , or we would sink into insignificance because everyone would be able to bully the small countries we life in . 
  you also can not work for a better future with people who call rational cold facts , statistics , expert opinions and so on `` project fear '' . 
  dude . 
  you really try the approach of `` project fear '' or with other words : the remain party ? 
  you try to argument with hard facts ? 
  now ? 
  after you saw how that worked out for them ? 
  get over the fact that his is no longer about rational thinking . 
  interesting to see it the other way around !, 
  dream on . 
  the eu will trigger it whenever they want . 
  are n't they a undemocratic superstate ? 
  why should they follow the rules ? 
  why should they put themselves into a weakened position , while waiting for your `` triggering '' . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  better get your lawyers ready to fight in the undemocratic courts of europe . 
  it sounds like a plan . 
  it will get those countries willing to participate on board and let the other countries break away brexit style . 
  i think we need this kind of decision , or we go on for centuries like now where many of the countries are on board for their very own reasons that do n't have anything to do with the thought behind the eu . 
  and while following their very own reasons to stay they also undermine votes , poison everything with lobbyism and therefor transforming the eu in a gigantic bulwark of bureaucracy , unable to reform and to progress . 
  with that they would be forced to make a decision for either commitment or to show their real face and turn their back on the eu . 
  i think we should consider this process a therapeutic fasting . 
  what did you expect . 
  your egoism is costing us hundreds of fucking billions . 
  should we just say : `` it 's ok . its democracy . 
  they voted to fuck us up hardly . 
  as long as there was a vote its ok . '' it 's the first relevant sample of direct democracy where the people of a country are responsible for basically spitting in our faces and saying : `` we give a shit about the damage you are going to take '' . 
  so what do you expect ? 
  smiling and going on like nothing happened ? 
  oh , is it project fear again ? 
  have you even considered , that fear is not that wrong anymore , in the current situation ? 
  economy -  down uk 's general stability -  scotland and ni thinking about leaving -  down neonazis trying to immediately getting immigrants out of their country ? 
  -  the real face of brexit . 
  generally it looks like you are going down hard . 
  and i 'm happy to see it , because your stupidity and ignorance costs our economy already hundreds of billions . 
  and that 's just the beginning . 
  that 's how hate is born . 
  blaming the eu for being something you do n't understand is really smart . 
  `` we are too dump to understand this !, 
  let 's get out of here ! '', 
  thats why dudes like farrage get your vote , is n't it ? 
  they use simple words and easy language . 
  if you can understand it , it does n't need to be right . 
  i thought about that , too . 
  but imagine direct democracy in swiss combined with the absurd british press . 
  every debate would be full of fear - and hate-mongering . 
  no single argument can be trusted because half of this rags are just making them up or do n't even try to double-check their sources . 
  how should direct democracy work if the people are completely unable to actually know what is true or false ? 
  if the people who control the press control opinions ? 
  no , the kurds suffer the most , that you fight the pkk by destroying whole cities . 
  the turks have no problem with that , as it seems . 
  from their perspective they are all the same if guess . 
  they voted for him because there was a peace process . 
  lets see and wait for the next votes . 
  they hoped they could finally be a part of turkey . 
  then he attacked the kurdish fighter against isis , the pkk and bombed whole kurdish cities to ashes . 
  and now he 's trying to remove the opposition by removing their legal protection status . 
  i 'm pretty sure the time of kurds voting for erdogan is long over . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing !, 
  would it matter ? 
  any other organization - if it could withstand unification with the pkk - would immediately become a terrorist organization , too . 
  good example is - again - the ypg . 
  overuse of empty word shells ? 
  check !, 
  hate-mongering ? 
  check !, 
  use of arguments without factual base ? 
  check !, 
  conclusion : another 30 seconds of my lifetime wasted for stupid populistic bullshit . 
  look like there is some kind of gigantic penthouse in the upper part .
