  i guess after ukip talked your country into brexit only to recognize all they told you was bullshit afterwards makes every brit a professional victim to that kind of politics , too . 
  so i guess i should consider your opinion as relevant . 
  sounds a lot like the cherry picking everyone is talking about nowadays . 
  the problem is that those dudes from the uk were a bit mislead and still are . 
  they were stupid enough to believe their politicians when they made the eu responsible for every little misery they 'd suffered . 
  like blaming the eu for losing britsh culture to immigrants . 
  still one of the most stupid discussions in brexit . 
  much emotion , no factual or rational base . 
  you are right . 
  i 'm also not sure how her speeches are created . 
  but i start to think that stating the obvious over and over again is perceived as a valid way to fight fake rumours and myths . 
  because saying something only once is seen as weak . 
  nowadays everything needs to be yelled again and again until all people have heard it and then start to believe it . 
  do n't take him for serious . 
  he is one of those brits who fear being ruled by germany as long as they remain in the eu . 
  you know , most of their ( ukip ) other arguments to leave the eu have been proven fake and blatant lies . 
  so they now are back to good old xenophobia , because there are actually not that much valid reasons left . 
  at this point rational arguments are useless . 
  we need to accept : haters gon na hate . 
  better you do n't even ask . 
  according to those hillbillies from / r/the _ donald most countries of europe are a sultanate in 15 years . 
  since they are stupid enough to believe everything they see in hillbilly-tv they are very easy to influence . 
  i think its better to ignore them and consider them as lost for humanity . 
  it 's your fault . 
  you imply `` merkel is the leader '' and then shout `` why is germany leading europe '' ? 
  you know . 
  nothing else . 
  when i watch those right wing dudes and gals i often have the feeling that they are acting like puppets . 
  they have no clear vision on what to do but change their political direction like a flag in the wind and often are sponsored by countless dubious groups that are clearly enemies of the country . 
  they love to fish as many undecided voters as possible and give out random statements like this to catch some votes . 
  i always ask myself how it 's possible that these people are taken for serious . 
  thanks to ussr the polish society was basically frozen in time . 
  you know , 50 years ago nearly everyone in europe would have agreed with you . 
  as someone who was in the military i can tell you that sentences like `` only 30 % of our aircraft are ready to fly '' does not mean that 70 % are junk . 
  it means `` we do n't replace defective parts in times of peace to save money '' . 
  because its not necessary to have 100 % always ready and that 's why this is a pretty good way to save money . 
  its much cheaper to conserve those 70 % instead of constantly using it . 
  its enough to have a good spy agency and to know when you need to get those planes out of your hangars . 
  on the other side i agree that were not combat ready in terms of power projection . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  we have a obligation and if we hesitate to be part of an invasion on the side of our allies we should at least for example help them with defensive missions . 
  base fortification , anti-air , anti-ballistics , logistics , medevac , field-hospitals and so on . 
  but i guess for someone like merkel even that is too much . 
  because if a base gets attacked or a medevac fails she is afraid that she is the one who will be blamed afterwards . 
  and i 'm pretty sure she is not willing to take that kind of responsibility . 
  that 's why she offers things like air reconnaissance . 
  because in that she makes sure that her hands wont get dirty . 
  this kind of behaviour is incredible cowardly . 
  no , they start to think like this , thanks to populists like this . 
  thats why they 're called populists !, 
  he wanted to end their capability to deliver air strikes , at least temporarily . 
  no need to kill anybody to get to this goal . 
  at least that 's what the public believe . 
  what i think is this is just pr . 
  `` we need to do something good that everyone agrees to ! '', 
  you know , in all future discussions about trump some party will remember everyone else about this airstrikes and how he attacked russia and assad without fear to retaliate those sweet little babys . 
  the thing is : what does one airport mean , that has n't even been damaged so hard ? 
  a little bit of concrete in the holes and you can start and land in a week . 
  so i tend to agree . 
  it does not prove that he works against putin . 
  it 's more likely that putin gave him a chance make some people believe his `` putin is not my friend '' shit . 
  so hitler was right ? 
  breeding the master race is the way to go ? 
  and 80 % of those who like an authoritarian leader do not even know one of the changes erdogan made to the constitution . 
  that should answer your question . 
  because that does mean they probably do n't even know that he is going to become an authoritarian leader but believe his campaign slogans blindly . 
  an interesting way to see it . 
  governments gather groups of people through patriotism and other means of propaganda to fight for a cause most do n't even understand or know . 
  and all that because governments decide that its time to kill each-other . 
  would be better if the governments fight each-other to settle their grudges without bothering the lives of common people . 
  i think a `` shock scenario '' is something else then a prediction . 
  i do n't like this idea . 
  i would accept the risk of food poisoning here and there when this kind of laws would be prevented . 
  because the result is that small butcheries , for example on a farm , have even more problems to fulfil all requirements . 
  they 're already starting to die out because they are drowned in regulations by the eu . 
  and that is sad because their treatment of animals was overall a thousand times better then anything those industrial slaughterhouses produce . 
  modern cattle , chicken and pigs do n't even see the sun any more and life and die in huge halls . 
  they may feel no pain and not drown in shit . 
  but this does not mean they life a animal friendly life !, 
  this is in my opinion nothing but lobbying by the meat industry to make it even harder for small butcheries , because people already know that this industrial meat tastes like shit and is produced under the worst possible circumstances . 
  so they hide themself behind the mask of animal protection while all they do is creating more and more regulations that make it impossible for a small butchery to survive . 
  i needed only to read one sentence of article 1 : gdp decline 3,8 % by 2018 . 
  so do we already have 2018 or how do you already know they are wrong ? 
  the second one says 5,5 by 2019 . 
  two very easy understandable predictions . 
  and nonetheless you seem to read it completely differently . 
  why ? 
  ah , were n't that also the time when the kurds helped the turks and got the promise of their own country as `` payment '' for their help ? 
  look how that played our for them . 
  that 's why you should be careful on whom you 're going to spit on when you 're already hated by everyone . 
  what the fuck did the greek to him ? 
  werent the osmans the guys 's who plundered and robbed greece and then took half of the country ? 
  nonetheless he plays the victim . 
  seems to be a genetic thing in turkey !, 
  there is a very thin line between a large crowd and a violent mob in my experience !, 
  so whenever large crowds gather to fight whatever kind of injustice i tend to be very careful . 
  but arent they afraid by all the protests going on in the last month ? 
  that just means all danish hookers are controlled by german and french businessmen . 
  like most danish business nowadays !, 
  i think all the time about the flood of shit that is from coming from intelligence agencies about russia .
