  equalizing the decisions of the german government with some of its citizens is the `` smartest '' thing i heard today . 
  it does n't get more true if you repeat it over and over again . 
  and since you do n't even think about reading : waste of time . 
  no , just no . 
  just read the article . 
  germany did not suspend dublin 3 when your press said it did . 
  simple proof : ** date : 24 . 
  august ** http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11821822/germany-drops-eu-rules-to-allow-in-syrian-refugees.html ** date : 31 . 
  august ** https://www.bundesregierung.de/content/de/mitschrift/pressekonferenzen/2015/08/2015-08-31-pk-merkel.html citation for you :  m : concerning the question of dublin iii : dublin iii is the regulation that is in force , thus i greatly appreciate hungary registering the refugees - something that not all countries are doing , one has to say ; hungary is doing this very well . 
  i think it created a certain amount of confusion when we had an inner debate in germany where several federal states stated that syrians have to be decided very quickly as pretty much all of them are genine refugees fleeing a war zone . 
  the head of the office for migration and refugees subsequently stated : yes , syrians will be identified , afterwards they will have a very quick procedure to be accepted as a civil war refugee . 
  this has resulted in the creation of the following impression : if a syrian comes to germany and can identify himself as syrian , he is welcome in germany . 
  this is in fact the reality , in the same way that someone from kosovo most likely wo n't be allowed to stay . 
  this has created the wrong assumption that all syrians should come to germany . 
  this however is not the state of the law and we have already told this to the hungarian government which has to deal with the phenomen of syrians inside its borders saying `` let us go to germany '' . 
  it is not the case that we could simply diverge from dublin iii , we do n't have any other treaty on the issue . 
  but if one country is building fences , a second country is allowing everyone to transit and a third country is n't registering everybody anymore , one has to say : if this state is the reality , we have to attempt to find a better one , a state where law and acting are in accordance again . 
  but the legal basis for us and for the hungarian government is the one that is in force today [ dublin iii ] . 
  so : please take your `` well known '' facts to the place where the sun never shines . 
  because that is exactly where they belong . 
  yes , it was not only used in the non german press . 
  it may surprise you , but there are many parties and right wingers in germany , too , who use every single bit they can get in their hands to damage merkel . 
  most germans still think there was some kind of invitation by her . 
  and i think this will cost her greatly at the next vote . 
  i seriously have no idea where this is leading us . 
  a week cdu , spd , greens , fdp and a growing afd . 
  the situation in europe remembers me more and more about 1920-1930 . 
  just look at the strength that ukip gained with her extremist viewpoints . 
  however : the only real mistake made by merkel i see is that she was not able to control the situation and did not react `` loud '' enough . 
  its her style of government to wait and see first , before doing something . 
  in this situation a harsh and prompt reaction would have been better . 
  especially at the point where the bamf tweeted - without her knowledge - internal information which stated `` dublin 3 is effectively not in effect any more '' but this was no political target for merkel . 
  they just stated the current situation because everyone was ignoring it . 
  merkel also made that clear , but not drastically enough . 
  but that is not important . 
  important in this context is only that she never made an invitation . 
  i would not call it `` british forgery '' . 
  it was news by bbc and the guardian . 
  if you are interested you can find a timeline of the events and all the initial articles here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ bbc and the guardian are journalists and love the clickbait . 
  they did n't consider the reaction of the syrians and especially the human traffickers who now had some kind of actual proof that refugees are welcome in germany . 
  there are treaties that tell the eu how to react to refugees . 
  we feel backstabbed because eastern europe gave a shit about them and delivers only sentences like `` we only take christian refugees in '' instead of taking it 's share of refugees . 
  they do n't even respect their own refugee laws . 
  and do n't even get started with this `` you invited them '' bullshit . 
  it was the british press who forged this invitation . 
  merkel did never say anything even close to an invitation . 
  what she said was : when a refugees reaches german soil we wo n't turn them back . 
  guess what : this is a statement of the german refugee law . 
  and was exactly cited as such . 
  the next step as reaction to the british press was a opening of the flood gates in hungary and other balkan route countries because they took this `` invitation '' - news as an excuse to send them to germany . 
  so the difference between germany and eastern europe is not that we invited anyone . 
  the difference is that we respect our own law and eastern europe does not and thereby forces all the pressure in germany 's direction . 
  would n't you be pissed , too ? 
  and would n't you want to share this refugees equally with your so called `` partners '' , too ? 
  i 'm not sure anymore : is this a good thing from the viewpoint of the usa or a bad thing ? 
  is this praise or critique ? 
  hard to tell how right wing the usa is at the moment . 
  or europe . 
  yea , we have some pretty strong in-depth experience to share when it comes to propaganda . 
  just because you dudes repeat this bullshit over and over again it does n't get true . 
  the german government never invited anyone . 
  merkel said at some point that germany is n't sending any refugee back if they reach german soil . 
  this is no invitation but a citation of the german law and was in this context exactly meant as this . 
  it was the british press who took a part of her speech and said `` invitation '' . 
  a law btw . 
  that is in effect in most european countries in fact . 
  many of them just do n't give a shit . 
  the only reason why you hear this over and over again is because the right wing press in all countries over europe use it for their anti-eu-propaganda . 
  on the other side has the refugee crysis proven that the eastern countries of europe are not willing to share the vision of a united europe , do n't care about their own asylum laws , do n't honor treaties if they are not favorable and give a shit about humanism . 
  your politicians know exactly what merkel said . 
  nonetheless they use this propaganda bullshit as a excuse `` you invited them , you take them ! '' . 
  they seem to think everyone is stupid as bread . 
  so why should i think or vote to work together with them any more ? 
  we do n't even share the most basic opinions on this topic . 
  i agree . 
  we should built up a line of defence on the eastern border of germany . 
  we should support the eastern countries of europe the same way they supported us in the refugee crysis . 
  we should do it the same way as the us . 
  they tell every citizen that america is the best and greatest country in the world . 
  as long as necessary until they believe it . 
  after this is done you can do whatever you want because any kind of critic will be seen as a way to undermine the countries greatness and therefor as a act of treason . 
  easy !, 
  no , export things and overrate your currency . 
  sounds like a pretty easy recipe !, 
  then , if it 's so easy why is not everybody doing the same ? 
  `` southern '' ? 
  what economy are you talking about ? 
  because many `` southern '' economies are doing pretty well and are getting better every year . 
  sounds like you equalize southern with `` greek '' . 
  do n't cost others ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  competition ? 
  sounds like the germans are robbing someone . 
  i think the core of this is that turkey is not doing anything to fulfill the treaty . 
  last time i heard something about it they talked about only 150 people who were able to use this way to get into europe . 
  i also heard none of them had any school education and many even a criminal record . 
  so turkey forces possibly well educated persons to stay in turkey and send everyone else to europe . 
  at the same time people are drowning in the mediterranean sea again because turkey has basically closed the borders . 
  this are anecdotal facts , though . 
  not sure how the real situation is at the moment .
