  we have a similar problem in the us , where we are forced to crack down on illegal immigration or watch our schools and hospitals become overwhelmed . 
  we now have a serious gang problem we are trying to fix too . 
  ( ms-13 ) i think there was a small misunderstanding . 
  i 'm not talking about waves in the future . 
  i 'm talking about the fact that they 're already here . 
  there are barely any new ones at the moment . 
  so it looks not so bad . 
  nonetheless are the ones already in the country expensive . 
  after watching this for a while i 'm a bit clueless where this will lead us to , though . 
  not sure if the result will be anything beside some lost lives , thanks to terrorists masking themselves as refugees , and a lot of lost money . 
   he wants you to be pissed off and motivated , hopefully to comply , but he will happily spar with merkel if he has to . 
  he 's been fighting people in the business world , and then the political world , and now the media . 
  he will be fighting his whole presidency . 
  i know . 
  just like don quichotte i bet !, 
  :p  manufacturing is everything . 
  you are thinking solely in terms of the factory , but what about all of the economic activity it generates ? 
  in sc , for example , we do n't just have a bmw plant . 
  we have parts suppliers , maintenance technicians , repair , etc. 
  but nearly every king of part from their supplier is produced automatically , too . 
  i agree that maintenance , machine/robot-design and - construction and repairs still needs some personnel , though . 
  but it 's not as much as you might hope for . 
  my job is programming of automated machines . 
  on one end is raw material , on the other end is a package ready for delivery . 
  one person is over-seeing 3 of this machines for refill , cleaning and moving packages , when a palette is full . 
  if it breaks down , our personnel is flying to the customer to repair it . 
  small maintenance-repairs are easy and made by themselves . 
  everything else is made by us . 
  it would be far to complicated to let anyone else do it . 
  so they do n't even need a repair crew . 
  and it is n't even skilled labor , whats left . 
  and this machines get faster and faster . 
  in the future there will be even less of them i agree that it 's better to have these in the country , then in china , though . 
  but i think its at max possible to tickle another 10-20 good years for the workers out of the manufacturing business . 
  ais get really good . 
  not sure if even my job is still there in 20 years . 
   i 'm not sure the end result matters though . 
  if he can not get the commitment he wants , then he will move to other options . 
  i hope it will be a more diplomatic option next time . 
  i think merkel is very open to constructive talks , especially after all this fuckery in the last weeks . 
  i think she would be relieved to see a sign of rational behavior . 
  :p  you germans could probably manage it with the french and dutch , and a handful of other countries , but there is far too much patriotism in poland for them to join . 
  there is recently a lot of fear in poland about putin and his sabre rattling at their borders . 
  i think they 'd welcome any kind of additional firepower right now . 
  we will see . 
  it was nice to talk about all of this . 
  i 'm still not so sure if he is a rational and pragmatic as you want him to be . 
  but maybe he will be surprising us all . 
  i have to say , the last days looked much better from our perspective . 
  so maybe there is hope . 
  thanks for all your effort . 
  just like we gave them poland !, 
   does n't that say everything though ? 
  the priority are these refugees and not the shared defense spending . 
  that 's fine if you think that is more important , but it does make it a reasonable criticism as well . 
  you formulate it as we have a choice anymore . 
  the refugees are in the country , nobody wants to take them in europe or turkey . 
  and we are not allowed to send them to syria . 
  i 'm not saying i want them deported immediately . 
  but it would be nice if others would help , too . 
  especially those who helped to create isis . 
  :p but from a rational point of view : we 're long beyond the point where we can say : `` stop it '' . 
   it 's not just syrians that came through though . 
  they were like what , half ? 
  plenty of north africans joined the party . 
  it does not matter much . 
  asylum or immigration for anyone else beside people coming from unsafe countries are rejected at a rate of nearly 100 % . 
  they can come , but they will be sent back . 
  do n't think we are complete idiots . 
  even if their status is unclear , for example by not having papers , they will be sooner or later sorted out . 
  it may take a while , sometimes up to a year . 
  remember the german dude who applied for asylum and said he is from a german enclave in syria ? 
  it takes time , because there are many asylum seekers , but they get sorted out . 
  btw : this wrong picture of germany is very prominent in the trump-friendly press . 
  another thing why we feel like being targeted . 
  reality is that we do n't like economic migration just as everybody else in europe and the us ( recent polls are a clear proof ) . 
  refugees and people fleeing from war are in my opinion different , though . 
  they should get our help , as long as the war is raging . 
  but then they should go home to rebuilt their country . 
  again they should get our help while rebuilding . 
  but then it needs to be over . 
  being a refugee should not result in immigration . 
  this worked for example very well during the kosovo war . 
   why would she need to say that you are following your own laws ? 
  for some other countries it was not so normal to follow their laws . 
  there are still many in europe with zero refugees even if their law says something different . 
  hungary had a lot of refugees for a while . 
  and there was a lot of critique and many who wanted to close the borders from inside germany . 
  merkel said : law !, 
  and basically most of them shut up . 
   unfortunately , trump 's perspective is that america has had a raw deal and he wants things to change . 
  you see how this would naturally lead to conflict ? 
  to give the eu their guarantees is to make them comfortable again , and where would there be any incentive to change ? 
  yes , i see that . 
  but what would he win if this becomes a power play instead of a incentive to invest into american manufacturing ? 
  nobody likes to get blackmailed or treated unfairly - even if its only from his perspective . 
  that 's why humanity invented diplomacy . 
   you said it 's diplomacy , not business . 
  well for trump , it is entirely business . 
  that 's why it 's not important to him if turkey 's voters want to empower a strongman like erdogan .
