  fixed it . 
  if you ca n't discern the difference between a fiscal and monetary union like the us and just a monetary union then there is no point in talking whatsoever . 
  the most obvious and basic of facts here and you 're still arguing . 
   we are talking about monetary union as in the euro . 
  not the customs union . 
   is that clear ? 
  no , not at all . 
  we are still talking about about your random accusation that germany is artificially keeping the currency low . 
  something ( low $ value ) that has in reality only happened in about 2-3 years of 17-18 years and is a direct result of low interest rates as a reaction to weak economy in the south . 
  this situation was not invoked by germany , but by the financial crisis 2008 . 
   please clarify how the situation was quite the opposite . 
  start using facts to validate your claims or stop talking . 
  just take a look at the value of the currency at the beginning . 
  it was constantly over 1.30 , sometimes over 1.50 $ . 
  not so hard to find a $ to $ exchange statistic for the past years  i meant trade balance surplus as we are talking about devalued currency . 
  you said `` budget surplus '' . 
  so do n't blame me . 
  i agree . 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  but trump is in poland . 
  not usa . 
  you are right . 
  but do n't forget i replied to this :  just like nobody remembers baltics being occupied by germans , but everyone remembers ussr days . 
  because he is meeting with an declared enemy of europe . 
  i guess on `` news '' : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/01/13/donald-trump-wants-eu-break-wake-brexit-vote-outgoing-us-ambassador/ he even told everyone . 
  not my problem that people are too stupid to remember things they do n't like . 
  that 's nothing but wishful thinking . 
  that was the - secret - plan after winning the war . 
  not what actually was done during the war . 
  the nazis hunted mostly jews in that region , often with help from the locales . 
  much more then 20 . 
  but we are talking about baltics . 
  are we still talking about baltics ? 
  because hitler had a quite different opinion about them then about poland . 
  how comes that you repeat trumps bullshit nearly word by word ? 
   an average ? 
  so why not join a monetary union with zimbabwe to bring your currency down , considering germany is an export economy ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's just an `` average '' right ? 
  oh come on . 
  when we joined , the situation was quite the opposite and it was n't clear that this will ever change . 
  you could come to this conclusion if we had joined the $ today . 
  but last time i look this was about 17 years ago , a simple truth making your `` fact '' nothing but stupid . 
  it 's not germany 's fault that those economies were shrinked by up to 20 % by the financial crisis . 
  and last time i look the ecb interest level was not much different then in most countries after the crash . 
  in fact its almost the same in us , uk and europe . 
  and while it certainly helps german companies , it also helps spanish and italian companies to gather capital . 
   in the decade running up to the eurozone ... germany 's national account balance ran between -2 and +1 % roughly , once it entered the currency union with nations with a much smaller economy , its account has grown ( surplus has got higher ) every year except for 2007 and 2008 . 
  it currently has an illegal budget surplus of 8 % ( 2 % over the eu limit of 6 % ) . 
  read again . 
  we had two years with a budget surplus and our plan was n't even a surplus but a zero . 
  and it was n't 8 % . 
  it was 0.8 % . 
  https://tradingeconomics.com/germany/government-budget  it takes a very basic understanding of economics to understand that germany 's exports are massively undervalued and greece 's or spain 's are massively overvalued . 
  you just do n't get how a trade union like the single market works , is n't it ? 
  if that would be right the same `` facts '' would be true for california in the us . 
  this whole discussion is meaningless . 
  stop to feed on this propaganda bullshit so hard . 
  sorry , i think you missed the news lately . 
  putin is actually trumps best friend . 
  its most likely poland that is going to get sold out again soon . 
  why not ? 
  trump is a declared enemy of the eu . 
  countries inside eu trying to become a friend of this enemy should alienate anyone who is a friend of the european idea . 
  maybe because even the nazis were better then ussr , who turned every country they tried to govern into a poverty ridden shithole , hold under control with brutal force ? 
  wow , what a conclusion . 
  maybe you should consider getting yourself a new news-provider . 
  because thats not `` cheating '' . 
  it 's called `` average '' . 
  if a country like the us consists out of 50 states with no notable economy and 2 who are a powerhouse , even on a global scale , then the currency has to take that into consideration . 
  its not artificial and for sure not the reason germany became a part of the euro . 
  in the first ~ 10 years we had a super high $ and nonetheless had not much problems . 
  i 'm sorry , but you have been fooled . 
  germany has for sure not crashed this economies just to earn a bit more . 
  the reason why those economies are weak and the $ has lost value is still the financial crisis of 2008 . 
  simple as that . 
  i can not even start to fathom how easily people forget such `` simple '' facts and turn it into a source of malicious bullshit . 
  good . 
  very good !, 
  if that would be a thing uk and us would n't have the problem . 
  they devaluate or pump cheap money into the markets whenever it fits them best . 
  i see no future without it . 
  in fact nearly everything you buy , eat and wear today is already done by automated factories . 
  only a very small part is manual labour . 
  the difference is that 20 years ago 100 dudes worked in one factory . 
  now they work in 10 . 
  we artificially create the need for things and produce them so cheaply that your income is enough to buy all of this crap . 
  we produce much more of less value . 
  not sure where you see africas role in this, 
  sorry , my brain is fucked . 
  no clue what you are trying to tell me . 
  i think i need some sleep !, 
   you forget at least this is valid for us they often get people from foreign countries for it because they dont have to pay them that much , i think you are wrong here . 
  they tried it for a while , but the quality of outsourced it was just too low . 
  this thing is already history and going in the opposite direction . 
  a few years ago we had fears for our jobs . 
  now there are much more open positions then people . 
   the poor and the middle class will lose more if it continues , protectionism is the future with automatization that is coming , people will lose jobs and they cant just change their professions overnight .
