  and thats all i 'm saying . 
  they had a good time pre-eu they want to go back to . 
  but their view on this time is somewhat exaggerated . 
  the typical `` everything used to be better '' old people say . 
  do n't exaggerate . 
  they did n't starve . 
  and for sure this problem were not worse than in ww2 . 
  they were bankrupt after ww2 , but they won and helped to save europe . 
  why should a casual person care for financial thoughts in such a time ? 
  i was talking about the end of ww2 when i was talking about glory , though . 
  but they do n't address germans back then . 
  they address all germans . 
  no matter if they were nazis , jews or just modern day germans . 
  and believe me when i say they do n't give a fuck for clarification . 
  for them even modern day germans are the same . 
  but they do n't address germans back then . 
  they address all germans . 
  no matter if they were nazis , jews or just modern day germans . 
  and believe me when i say they do n't give a fuck for clarification . 
  for them even modern day germans are the same . 
  i never agree just to disagree !, 
  we 'll as long as you admit that your `` truth '' is based on this kind of manipulation and also nothing else then an opinion , then i 'm fine with leaving it like that . 
  do n't be polemic and make up bullshit . 
  i never say that . 
  i said that using the term `` germans '' without any differentiation is manipulation . 
  it is not the truth . 
  how do you even come to that conclusion after you 've just admitted that not all german 's were perpetrators ? 
  they were of german origin and descent . 
  but making the impression that all germans invaded poland and were participating in these killing by using willingly vague formulations is not the truth . 
  how could it ever be ? 
  then we seem to have no reason to talk at all !, 
  you are looking for someone to blame and direct your hate and frustration at and do n't care if your scapegoat is innocent . 
  if that is not based on a desire for vengeance then what else ? 
  i 'm not living in denial . 
  i fully accept that there were lots and lots of criminals . 
  but do you accept that there were also lots and lots of innocent people in germany ? 
  and that there are even more today ? 
  if you do , then you should verbally separate them from the criminals . 
   also please stop twisting my words , i have not mentioned vengeance anywhere , i just said that truth is what matters . 
  its not twisting . 
  its interpreting your behaviour . 
  you do n't act reasonable but like a person barely able to stay calm . 
  trying to lash out at me by bringing up the `` polish deathcamp '' - controversy is just the newest example . 
  you do n't need to be a official member of this party , to be their follower . 
  who gave you this impression ? 
  the nazis in the common meaning of the term are all persons from germany - or wherever they were coming from - who committed crimes in their names without a gun pointing to their heads . 
   nobody is trying to demonize anybody . 
  indeed you are . 
  you are the one that is openly refusing to differentiate . 
  you just did it in your post . 
  this has nothing to do with the truth . 
  if you would be interested in the truth you would just accept that there are germans who despise and despised the nazis . 
  and that there were german victims of the nazis , too . 
  you openly refuse to make a differentiation between them and the ones who committed this crimes . 
  if that is no demonization what else could be ? 
  and i do n't care about this polish death camp controversy in this context . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right !, 
  again , everything is about vengeance for you . 
  they just started to renovate the autobahn close by . 
  you know what ? 
  it was the best piece of road i knew within a radius of about 50 kilometres . 
  it was absolutely pristine , had not a single hole or something and was only 4-5 years old . 
  no clue why they 're doing this . 
  normally they start to fill the holes for some years until they consider to fully renewing it . 
  the final dissolution of the empire was between 1945-1965 . 
  india for example became independent 1947 . 
  it 's biggest extend was around 1922 . 
  it was still flourishing at that time . 
  so for sure not ww1 . 
  the depression lasted basically until thatcher came into power . 
  they also joined the eu at this time . 
  so i 'm not buying this `` a wide range of situations '' . 
  but they havent seen `` both '' options . 
  they have seen a good time when the british empire was still glorious . 
  and then they have seen a time that was not so good . 
  and then already came thatcher and the eu . 
  so what option and time are you talking about ? 
  the good old times of a world encircling empire ? 
  or the economic depression that followed after losing it ? 
  thats a pretty strange statement . 
  it is solely based on the idea that a strong economy is only good for `` me '' . 
  and therefore not really worth considering . 
  it were german followers of the nazi party . 
  its not only an ideology but a group of people that founded a political party called nationalsozialistische arbeiterpartei or short the nazis . 
  the ideology is called national socialism . 
  we also remember this past very well . 
  but it seems like your part is very different to that and from what i read mostly based on hate and the desire for vengeance . 
  tell me ... who seems from a neutral perspective more inclined to repeat this past ? 
  the person who does not want to be equalized with murders ? 
  or the person who try 's to demonize a group of people without any desire for differentiation ? 
  not sure why you think its necessary to be political incorrect and in that case insult people regularly . 
  seems a pretty backward viewpoint . 
  i 'm not describing poles . 
  do n't take that literally . 
  i tried to describe the usual complaints of some grumpy old people about their neighbors . 
  would n't you agree that even this pretty common terms are normally used in a polemic way ? 
  anti americanism is a pretty common thing . 
  the nazis are not imaginary . 
  thats how the ruling party and their followers were called . 
  the persons responsible for this war .
