  this leaves one possible explanation of his behaviour : he does not want to reduce the us military budget , but to sell some arms to europe , which they need to reach this 2 % . 
  and that means : its not `` america first '' its `` americas arms lobby first '' . 
  is that so ? 
  did n't trump talk a lot more about contribution by increasing the budget to 2 % ? 
  beside the fact that only relevant agreement for this is giving us time until 2024 and his bullshit is basically a blatant and polemic lie , i also do n't see a `` fight for your own destiny '' in his words . 
  because `` contribution '' is the exact opposite of `` do your own thing ! '', 
  after reading all this comments i get the idea that the whole thing is useless . 
  why are n't we paying trumps bill if he wants the money so much and let him do all the ugly stuff . 
  we do n't like dirty hands anyway and money is abundant . 
  would solve a lot of problems , produce much less stress in building all this stuff and maybe it also gets us some rest from the yellow haired dude . 
  maybe we could even sell him the weaponry for our defense . 
  i 'm not sure why this is offending me so much . 
  but it is !, 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  those salafist mosques in germany preach some scary stuff . 
  i ca n't talk about every country . 
  but the afd did pretty bad this year . 
  right wing parties losing all over europe do n't agree with you . 
  probably its time for them to rethink their immigration policy . 
  you see . 
  the eu is a good thing . 
  we got all kinds of specialist to get the job done . 
  another round of appeasement ? 
  another round of ignoring evil and call it necessary ? 
  i do understand . 
  we love money and such . 
  and we are rich for a reason . 
  but ... ok , just let 's get it over with . 
  bamburg ? 
  wtf !, 
  this is an insult of epic proportions . 
   a funny note on the side : we germanz still love to look down on those filthy , lazy and overall despicable neighboring villages . 
  probably the reason why it took us so long to create a bigger country . 
  that 's actually something very german , i think . 
  nice try donald . 
  want to take some more weapons deals home to brag about all the jobs you created . 
  if i had to give my vote if i would defend this precious culture from putin , i would think twice . 
  maybe i 'd say yes anyway . 
  but i do n't like that their moral values are still stuck at the time they got sacked by the ussr . 
  but since this is also our fault : sorry . 
  disturbing !, 
  you make it sound very nice . 
  but is n't it true that this new democracy and shift in politics was the major fuel for isis and friends ? 
  isis was basically founded by baath-party members and therefore by the new minority in iraq . 
  the fight against isis also has cost the kurds lots of lives and while they got some autonomy , the price was that the peace with turkey is gone again and they fight on all fronts . 
  so considering all of this , i 'm still not sure if democracy is actually helping anyone in iraq . 
  maybe it 's just not the right system for a theocratic society . 
  its called leader , not liker !, 
  ok , then maybe we should talk about the good things , if the bad things are n't so clear and sharply visible to some of us . 
  i can think as hard as i want . 
  i see nothing . 
  maybe a bit of populist blahblah like `` democracy , fuck yeah ! '' ? 
  what is better in iraq , then pre-war ? 
   ok lets do that this for iraq but then ... you are n't doing it . 
  i know it 's hard to get usable numbers . 
  but you are very quickly beyond 3 million death for wars , famine through embargos and terrorism in iraq . 
  and we do n't even need to start to talk about taking poverty into account , because iraq was one of the best developed countries in the region at that time . 
  and what is about syria and all the other victims of islamic terrorism since that time ? 
  should n't we see especially the victims of isis , a organization founded in iraq , also as a result of those interventions ? 
  the iraq/iran war and the attack against the kurds on the other hand are estimated between 400.000 and 1.1 million - depending on the source . 
  i think overall it would have been better for the region if the us had stopped after the first gulf war , because saddams war machinery was laid to waste and the infrastructure was in ruins . 
  there was also no real need for an embargo of this scale . 
  would n't it have been enough to put a embargo on arms and machinery that can be used to built missiles and nuclear , biological and chemical weaponry ? 
  asymetric warfare can be used in both directions . 
  for example : some mysterious tartar rebels who take crimea back to found their own country . 
  no need to play the honorable superpower . 
  that myth has been busted long ago . 
  just get yourself some modern factories and replace 100 workers with 10 . 
  it 's called automation and results in a lot of part time jobs , fewer work hours and nonetheless increased productivity . 
  i think it is n't as hard . 
  why not just compare 20 years pre war and 20 years after war ? 
  this are cold , objective numbers . 
  for example : how many people died from repressions by the old regime ? 
  how many died in the war ? 
  how many died after the war . 
  how was the living standard pre war and how was it after war . 
  iraq is a good example . 
  not sure how many died , but we talk about millions . 
  including the starvation after the first gulf war and the victims of both wars and terrorist attacks , i 'm fairly sure its objectively easy to say that this war has made things a lot worse in the whole region . 
  it 's called furor teutonicus . 
  if we commit to something , we commit with all our power . 
  the result is that if we commit to something stupid things go really wrong . 
  not just a bit . 
  yes , war with conventional troops is almost 100 % a sure defeat for russia but it will escalate pretty quickly if russia is pushing too hard . 
  so i think this kind of war would be impossible . 
  defending against russian troops would be like fighting on the brink of complete extinction on a daily basis . 
  i ca n't even imagine how this scenario could go well . 
  neither side would be willing to just say : ok , i lose . 
  therefore - since putin is a pretty smart guy - this is not the style of war we 're going to face , if they chose violence . 
  i bet there will be more asymmetric warfare , like false flag operations , local uprisings , terror funding , government changes , and so on . 
  its no decision , but a public opinion that may change quicker than a fresh fart changes the amount of people in a room . 
  i think people in germany are still a bit salty about the refugee crisis and the whole anti-democratic kacsinsky/orban stuff going on in the east . 
  i 'm not necessarily talking about huge invasion forces . 
  just a few well trained speznaz with guerilla tactics brought in by a stealth plane . 
  no , i 'm not old enough to remember that feeling . 
  and hearing a story is not the same as living at that time . 
  maybe there is still some salt from the refugee crisis left ? 
  many of us felt a little bit betrayed by the complete refusal to take a fair share of refugees while telling us this `` you invited them , you take them '' bullshit as an lame excuse . 
  or is it just rationality ? 
  i mean : can someone tell me what defense actually means when dealing with a nuclear superpower ?
