  we have to wait for the investigation . 
  unproven in the face of law does not automatically mean fake news . 
  in fact nearly all news like this are `` unproven '' until a court made a judgement . 
  and what does bbc say more that has not been said by the girls statements or the statement released from the police ? 
  you police seems to me acting correctly . 
  my opinion is : let them investigate and look what they find out . 
  if there was a crime , hopefully we 'll see prosecution . 
  the polish redditors here however are acting batshit crazy . 
  they call the case fake news , despite an ongoing investigation , various statements from witnesses , the police saying they met the girls and various contradictions . 
  they also do n't show any pity for the girls . 
  they are kids for christ 's sake . 
  and they constantly make up facts or `` logical '' conclusions that make zero sense . 
  we have cases like this in germany , too . 
  that 's why there is police . 
  so why are they acting like this ? 
  they have cameras , but why should they constantly film anything until a surprise attacker spits them in the face ? 
  are you wilfully stupid to make a point ? 
  good , then maybe we could go back to the facts then talking about the little teasing you said you `` do n't care '' about . 
  the girls are real . 
  their statements are real . 
  the police admitted that they met them but were n't able to understand english . 
  so ... something obviously happened and we need to wait for results of that ongoing investigation . 
  why in the world are you calling this fake news ? 
  i 'm not butthurt , i 'm disappointed that we still have this kind of bullshit inside europe in this century . 
  but i guess 50 years behind the iron curtain and being isolated to the rest of the world beside russia does that to a culture . 
  sure !, 
  next time they only should go out with a hijab-mounted camera . 
  you just approved that you 're a racist . 
  why are you now butthurt to be called out ? 
  it 's also utterly obvious that neither the police statements nor the statements of the girls are really worth anything without further investigation . 
  so how could you say - with a clear mind - that this is fake news ? 
  seems like everything i said was right . 
  you really want to tell me that you always have a camera ready in case someone wants to spit you in the face ? 
  you film something if you have the chance to get your camera out in time . 
  the spitting was also a one time incident . 
  the other , smaller incidents happened to other kids in other cities . 
  there is no proof until now . 
  for both sides . 
  not from the police and not from any prosecutor . 
  so that you call it fake news is just another symptom of your notoric racism , nationalism and maybe even some mental restriction that make you unable to identify even the most simple facts . 
  thats no fact that proof did n't happen . 
  so i agree . 
  on itself it is a fact , but in the context `` this fact '' is worth nothing . 
  no , nothing has been debunked at all . 
  yes . 
  by far not everything . 
  i do n't even get why someone is upvoting you . 
  you just quoted the most useless part of the statement . 
  many polish subredditors seem to think pro-poland ? 
  no matter what kind of bullshit the posts contain . 
  a very strange behaviour . 
  nearly tribal . 
  the police sayd `` nothing found in cctv footage '' and `` we met a group of girls but were n't able to understand them '' . 
  this is no lie . 
  you guys , in this subreddit are the ones who do n't want to get it . 
  a bus full of children reporting multiple incidents . 
  and the girl was not alone , they had friends with her . 
  that you do n't count them as witness seems to be the same behaviour your police is showing . 
   `` the lublin police also reported that the police investigated the footage of the city surveillance camera . '', 
  the record does not result in any incident involving foreigners , `` the statement said . 
  that does mean exactly ** nothing ** . 
  it only says it was not caught on camera . 
  a look on google street and recent google images about lublin town center makes clear that there arent as many cameras as you imply . 
  i found one , directed at a museum . 
  the poles had all chances to correct me . 
  but obviously it would be against their nationalistic agenda . 
  polish logic . 
  a asshole runs by , spits in your face and then they tell you `` you have it on camera ? 
  sorry , then no prosecution . 
  a group of girls does not count as trustworthy witnesses '' . 
  they did . 
  in the interview they also stated that they went - with this caretaker - to another police station later but were again laughed at . 
  they did answer that question . 
  what about you 'd read your own police report . 
   the caregiver was not witnessed and the information was later obtained from the charges . 
  at that time the group was supposed to have free time and spend it individually in the city . 
  the police released a statement that they found nothing on cctv and had contact with the girls but were n't able to understand them . 
  after watching google street view and new google images from parts of the inner city of lublin i ca n't find any strong cctv coverage at all . 
  so i call bullshit on the `` fact '' that their coverage is anywhere close to london . 
  let me guess ... they 've all been planted last week . 
  yeah , as ever you 've missed out the important part . 
  convenient , is n't it ? 
   after a while a group of several more women in this group arrived . 
  they were foreigners who spoke english . 
  police officers did not know the communicative language of this language so they used the help of several pedestrians . 
  dialogue in english rolled between these people . 
  due to the linguistic barrier and the information noise resulting from the transmission of several police officers , they could not understand all the intentions of the reporters . 
  however , they have not heard any information that would indicate a crime or misdemeanor committed against any of them . 
  munduk offered to call another car . 
  finally , the cops heard from people explaining that there was no problem at all . 
  people exchanged polite smiles . 
   the museum staff did not witness this incident and information about it was obtained from the caretaker of a group of german youth who spoke fluent polish . 
  as a result of the conversation , the caregiver was not witnessed and the information was later obtained from the charges . 
  at that time the group was supposed to have free time and spend it individually in the city . 
  ** the reason why the caretaker was no witness was simply because they were roaming around on their own ** obviously you left out the most important parts . 
  why is that ? 
  ** you also seem to translate a small but important bit wrong . 
  ** google translate says :  police officers secured and looked at the footage of the city surveillance camera where the incident occurred . 
  the record does not result in any incident involving foreigners or moving groups of supporters . 
  you said  police has secured and watched cctv from place where incident was reported to be happened .
