  dude , 5 seconds of googling : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-germany-autos-iduskbn1500vj https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2017/05/trump-declines-to-affirm-natos-article-5/528129/ https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-calls-turkeys-erdogan-to-congratulate-him-on-contested-referendum/2017/04/17/f997d306-2397-11e7-a1b3-faff0034e2de_story.html?utm_term=.516ac9eae507 https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/16/world/middleeast/erdogan-turkey-trump.html?_r=0, 
   in fact , the only reason i was mentioning germany and their fuck ups is because you are from germany and you were criticizing my country , while conveniently not mentioning any wrongdoings of your country , so i felt the need to point that out . 
  so you admit this is a fuck up ? 
   the only thing we refused to do is to take part in the quota system . 
  i 'm not sure about what we talk right now . 
  i thought we all have signed the dublin treaty ? 
  the map here makes that assumption : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation#objectives  i have literaly written several paragraphs describing what my country has been doing to help those in need . 
  sorry , i just tried to prevent to heat this discussion up even further . 
  we all are doing the things you 've presented , in one or another way . 
  you do your part in this things . 
  nobody is complaining . 
  but the refugee crisis is something new . 
  its no longer just about sending volunteers , border defense , sending tents and a small scale , symbolic military action . 
  i 'm very sure our bill for the refugee crisis is going to go break 100 billion $ mark soon , and i do n't even need to include italy and greece . 
  we also have to live with a higher terror risk . 
  do n't you agree that is something entirely different in scale and impact ? 
  that does n't change that it 's pretty clear for every german answering , that it makes no sense to answer the question if `` you trust or distrust an entire population of a country with 321.000.000 '' . 
  it 's implied but sadly not obvious to everyone else , that the question has to be about the persons/party in charge , leading the country if it 's formulated that way . 
  let me tell you the difference between the country i live in and me . 
  i 'm a single person . 
  my country is led by a pro-business , conservative party i have n't even voted for . 
  so why do you think you can deny me an opinion , for whatever you believe my country did ? 
  because i 'm germoney himself ? 
  let 's get back to the real important things : all you do is complaining about the misdeeds of germany again . 
  and still not a bit of solidarity for those in need . 
  but maybe this is a common and very real thing in your country . 
  maybe you are so used to blame germoney for everything , that no matter what happens , no responsibility is left for you , whenever you do n't like to do something . 
  i imagine this thoughts going similar like this : `` what ? 
  200.000 refugees arrived in italy ? 
  what ? 
  a agreement ? 
  but they look so brown !, 
  germoney fucked italy , so they should help them . '', 
  i would 've accepted this to be true for every president of the us i remember personally . 
  the first one is bush senior . 
  while our opinions were very often different and we were from time to time a bit angry at each other , not one of them questioned the very foundations of our alliance . 
  maybe this is a cultural thing and we take his declarations a bit too serious . 
  but on the other hand it does not mean that we do n't stand to our obligations . 
  it 's also a cultural thing that we do things we do not like , if we have previously agreed to do something . 
  so until now it 's just a bit of moaning and a bit of preparation for the worst case . 
  ah , the fiscal rules , the pipelines with russia , the low currency and so on . 
  i know all of that . 
  to me they are a matter of what side you are on . 
  from our perspective we do all we can . 
  but ok . let me say sorry for trying to keep our economy running . 
  we are capitalists and that 's why we are a little bit selfish , sometimes . 
  so i admit : we are bad , really bad !, 
  and before we even start : let me say sorry for making the impression of being welcoming to refugees . 
  it was not our intention . 
  fake news are a real problem these days . 
  after this part is done , let me tell you one important part you 've obviously missed . 
  this is not only about germoney , but also about greece , italy and other countries who have a unfair , high share on refugees . 
  you know , the very countries you just told me about . 
  the countries with the biggest financial problems and the highest amount of unemployment in the eu . 
  what story are you telling them ? 
  the `` high moral ground '' story ? 
  or the `` you fuck others over all the time '' story ? 
  ex-professors without a job and cancer become homeless and are left to die in a cardboard box . 
  from my perspective it does n't matter in democracy if i think something is stupid . 
  one of the most basic principles is that you need to follow the laws and regulations , no matter if you support the majority who set them in place , or not . 
  the difference from being a normal citizen to a country inside the the eu is : if you decide murder is ok and kill someone , you 'll be put in jail . 
  if you 're a country ignoring the majority vote of the union you are part of , you just get a angry look and a snotty comment . 
  and i do n't exclude germany from this , we also we 're unable to fulfil all all rules and regulations of the eu in the past . 
  but as far as i remember it was not wilfully . 
  i mean we are n't talking about murder . 
  only about many dozens of billions of $ who are not shared as equally over europe as it was agreed on , but a burden of only a few countries . 
  this is especially annoying from a personal perspective , because it shows so many things about our eastern neighbours , i had n't expected to see there . 
   what makes no sense ? 
  a law or regulation . 
  in this case for refugee quotas . 
  refugee quotas only makes no sense , if no majority are supporting them . 
  sad you had n't that idea when isis was approaching those cities , back in the day . 
  it only makes no sense if there is enough support to alter it . 
  is n't that the logical conclusion for any of this laws and regulations ? 
  otherwise it would be a opinion based on self-interest . 
  `` denied ! '', 
  that is right . 
  there is a lot of meddling necessary until it 's fixed !, 
  then ... well ... fuck them !, 
  you are aware that i 'm pro eu-army ? 
  the exhaustion ... 
  the marshall plan was set in place because the allies were convinced another unacceptable peace like that after ww1 would lead to further problems . 
  they also made us the first line of defence of world war 3 . 
  that means a lot of soldiers , defensive bulwarks , but also being the first target - set to be completely eradicated by russia - in a nuclear war . 
  i also need to say that the marshall plan was more about rules for economy , not about financing . 
  that means : they brought a new set of rules for trade , labour , labour unions , dropping regulations and so on . 
  and they allowed us to trade with all western countries . 
  but the monetary support was n't all that much over the years . 
  wikipedia says it contained only 13 billion ( 130 billion today ) for economic support to entire western europe . 
  not just western germany . 
  wikipedia also says the us wanted to help poland and czechoslovakia to get up on their feed again and include them in the marshall plan . 
  but sadly stalin rejected because he thought their influence would be too big . 
  the things we really need to be thankful about are in my opinion - beside being liberated from hitler and his ideology - especially the clear and open condemnation of german atrocities during the war , which put enough shame in us to create 3 generations of war hating leftists , and allowed us to see that this was the wrong way . 
  we were able to create a pretty progressive and peaceful society , thanks to that . 
  yes , we need to be thankful for the marshall plan , too . 
  but more then the money we need to be thankful that we got the chance to rebuild our society and industry and to become a part of the west . 
  but it was never `` them '' who were rebuilding it with their own hands . 
  we had our own little heroes everywhere , who managed to drag us out of this shit . 
  do you compare german beer and schnapps to this russian stuff , brewed from old tires and animal bones ? 
  i really dislike this two party system .
