  the only thing bad for those dudes over here seems to be actually the time after war , in prison or in daily life because they had not much to eat beside potatoes . 
  some told me about their job , some told me why we lost from their perspective . 
  but not a single one told me how bad it was . 
  its a side effect of war that soldiers who 've fought a war do n't like to talk that much about it . 
  its also a side effect of being human that when we remember something it is actually much better than it actually was . 
  and even worse than both this things : humans tend to tell you `` it was glorious '' even if it was one of the worst things they 've done in their life . 
  people tend to think `` if i have gone through this , you can do it , too ! '', 
  on top of all this , which already makes it hard enough to get an unfiltered view on reality , there is propaganda , a militaristic culture and society , and therefor a lifelong feeling of doing your `` duty '' you get infused just by living in such a society . 
  thousands of years of war gave us countless instruments for getting our people to fight for us . 
  for a modern example , look at the usa . 
  i 'm still not sure what i should think about him . 
  its nonetheless extremely nice to see an politician grow in popularity that is obviously not about right wing extremism or general being an asshole . 
  it actually gives me some hope in mankind . 
  just merge them then . 
  but do n't call them shitposts , just because its not what you expect from / r/europe . 
  why ? 
  because those `` institutions '' you talk about are actually countries with national interests with a very long , complicated history . 
  its a wonder we even talk and not kill each other as often as we can , if you look at the last 2000-3000 years . 
  let 's say thanks to the world for any of those `` shitposts '' . 
  those castles , cows and kettles of europe made me think more about my european neighbours than any of those anti-trump , anti-erdogan or anti-whatever shitposts . 
  i really do n't get why you think those are shitposts . 
  everything beside news = shit ? 
  these days are nothing but shit-news and i 'm very happy about any post that is about europe but not about news . 
  sorry , but i 'm making nothing up . 
  it was used 1890 for the first time at an official ceremony . 
  and it was forbidden 1918 by the allies because they did n't like the first part . 
  it became national anthem 1922 as an act of defiance against the allies . 
  it was even at that time already constantly under criticism because the `` deutschland , deutschland \u00fcber alles '' could be easily reinterpreted and in fact actually was reinterpreted countless times . 
  or why do you think the allies chose to forbid it ? 
  and why do you think hitler did like it so much ? 
  maybe it was a part of the revolution 1848 and its initial thought was indeed the creation of the german nation . 
  but that does change nothing about the fact that it can be used for propaganda super easily , in all kinds of political orientations . 
  just like my other example : the bible . 
  and i 'm quite sure , that fallersleben knew about this implications . 
  any kind of poet normally knows how powerful words are . 
  i 'm talking just facts . 
  it was not the national anthem until 1922 . 
  and it was not even sung at the creation of the german reich 1871 . 
  not sure how important it was to the common man in that time , though . 
  but it was n't a national anthem , too . 
  it was just a normal song and therefore had close to zero meaning . 
  it became the german national anthem after germany existed for a long while . 
  and then i 'm pretty sure the meaning was n't the same for most people , then it was for the writer of the song , including the people who chose the song as national anthem . 
  the allies still believe that myth . 
  truth is we let them in . 
  it was not easy to balance our troops correctly and to synchronize their time of arrival exactly with the time of arrival of the russians . 
  but in the end we made it and also were able to bring them into an fight over this cake we call `` the cold war '' now . 
  in the end we got the marshal plan and the usa and russia got 50 years on the brink of an nuclear war until we thought it is enough and reunited our country . 
  not bad , is n't it ? 
  sorry , but thats how propaganda and things like the bible works . 
  everybody finds a piece of truth and interprets those phrasings how he wants . 
  in the end all agree without knowing they actually all agree on different things . 
  probably the american way . 
  everyone is calling for a change but nobody knows exactly what kind of change . 
  so some random dude promises the kind of change everybody wants to hear - no matter how impossible this kind of change is going to be or how useless it is - and as a result he promptly becomes the new president of the united states . 
  i prefer the european way . 
  it may take a while . 
  but that 's how democracy works , if so many peoples and countries are involved . 
  is n't texas basically germany because its full of germans , but with a mindset germany had about 80 years ago ? 
  laugh of the day !, 
  thank you !, 
  the justin bieber of cows . 
  its a good sign , i guess . 
  if things like that are all that people care about they must have a pretty nice life . 
  i give a fuck about this debate because its absolutely absurd . 
  nobody wants the v4 to take economic migrants and nobody wants them to keep this refugees forever . 
  so why do we talk about this ? 
  i give you the answer : because the leaders of this debate are polemic eggheads who draw this discussion in the direction they want , ** only to say no to a question nobody has ever asked ** . 
  so you say the v4 are too stupid to : - differentiate between a economic migrant and someone who fled from war ? 
  - send them back after the war is over and the country is considered safe again ? 
  that is very sad . 
  how is anyone able to rule there ? 
  can they even tie their shoelaces by themselves ? 
   some people are rich , and employed , and comfortable . 
  some people are struggling , in debt they ca n't get out of , poor , and marginalised . 
  some people start life wealthy , and others from a disadvantaged position . 
  that sounds a lot like trump 's rhetoric again . 
  you know , the better `` do n't ask the experts '' part . 
  this is about statistics . 
  full employment is no fantasy or open to interpretation . 
  being rich is n't too . 
  this are hard facts . 
  making the impression that there are `` some people '' who are not affected by this does not only not matter but is also pretty stupid and misleading . 
  what are you trying to tell me ? 
  that everything we do is shit , even if all facts prove you wrong with ease , beside some irrational `` oh noez , foreign people '' bullshit ? 
   you claim to know an awful lot about trump and his ` true nature . ', 
  to me that is simply the mechanism by which you wish to discredit him as irrational an amoral . 
  what else is possible on a plattform like this . 
  we all `` claim '' something . 
  its nothing but a opinion . 
  believing there is more to it is nothing but stupid and delusional . 
   earlier i said that underneath the far right perspective are actual authentic complaints , and that the problem for centrists is that they refuse to countenance any way in which the current status quo could be actually broken . 
  and why should we `` break '' the status quo ? 
  we have nearly full employment . 
  we are at peace . 
  we are fucking rich . 
  crime is extremely low . 
  feeling the need to break the status quo sounds in my opinion a bit too much like a extremely irrational person in her midlife crisis . 
  and trumps answer to improve this status quo sounds a lot like some kind of delusional dream . 
  its so stupid in fact that i come to the conclusion that the only reason why trump is bringing up this ideas is to calm those stupid masses and hope he gets the support of enough people to follow his real targets .
