  and this targets are for sure not about helping the casual citizen . 
   you said it was n't a value . 
  you did n't say it was a worthless value . 
  thats right . 
  because i implied that the word `` values '' actually mean something for most people . 
  if you really want to , you could comply anything you do with some kind of value . 
   they do n't have to be right about their choices . 
  we are all free to form our own opinions about the value of their policy , morality , ethics , etc. 
  where we get into trouble is when we do n't just disagree , but we refuse to even consider their point because we claim anything that disagrees with our own point is irrational . 
  we all should bow to the fact that being right is subjective and a very irrational thing !, 
  but being right in this case is only optional . 
  i 'm pretty sure donald trump does not care any longer about being right or `` western values '' . 
  discussion and agreement is also optional in this case . 
  he sometimes makes the impression he cares , but in the end this kind of impression is only for the most stupid followers . 
  and if its not necessary to be right or wrong about anything all comes down to one simple question : do i want to follow this agenda , or do i want to follow another one ? 
  in a moral free environment there is only one choice : what kind of value do i want to follow that helps myself the most . 
  i have the stronk feeling this is n't the best next step mankind should take . 
  this is pretty hitler , in my opinion . 
  what a threatening person . 
  a real danger to world 's peace . 
  its a value without value to mankind . 
  the most destructive value since mankind exists . 
  so in fact not the kind of value i 'm caring about . 
  so you are saying people who think `` i 'm doing a rational think '' are rational because rationality is always a subjective thing ? 
  sounds a lot like typical trump-echo-chamber-rethoric and a little bit like `` do n't trust the experts '', 
  thats a nice graph . 
  we should take london out of those backward fuckers in the uk and place it close to paris . 
  they voted to stay in the eu anyway and it would be better for anyone . 
  its a good idea to like people who are not good at racism . 
  this is nothing but wishful thinking . 
   the difference between uk an eu is in this case : uk is doing what trump wants , and eu is not . 
  that is why you are trumps friend and the eu is not . 
  do you really believe trump has any kind of common value with the uk ? 
  she may try to do that . 
  i do n't say she is crazy . 
  but trump is . 
  and thats why i 'm pretty sure he does not really care about what she is going to tell him . 
  he does not help uk because he likes the uk or because they share precious values but because uk is a tool for him , to fight competition . 
  i think this is wishful thinking because that would mean trump is a rational being . 
  i think trump sides with the uk for the simple reason to weaken the eu as effectively as possible , before brexit negotiations even start . 
  he wants to turn the brexit into a huge success story and lure every eu country with a honey-pot full of money and the promise : `` if you leave the eu , we are going to integrate you into our trade network . 
  if not : fuck off '' . 
  its not about values . 
  this man has zero morality and no ethical guidelines he follows but destroying competitors . 
  he gives not a single fuck about refugees or us intelligence gathering or regulations . 
  he see everyone he does not own as competitor . 
  and competition needs to be destroyed . 
  very easy . 
  thats why putin supported trump . 
  pretty simple . 
  the thing i 'm not sure about is : does trump want to fuck with us because putin is blackmailing him ? 
  or does he just want to fuck with everyone , because beside his little `` anglosphere '' and russia he is basically pissing in all directions at the same time . 
  what role does may play in this ? 
  i see nothing she could do to harm the eu , beside getting the us on board to blackmail us in brexit negotiations to do whatever they want . 
  i think nobody is going to fall for such an simple plan . 
  the result is trump playing prima donna , like he always does , when he does n't get what he wants . 
  just look at the story of his scottish golf resort . 
  that 's going to be the moment when it get 's really ugly . 
  while reading this i always had this song in my head : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1f8s5u01e0y not sure why !, 
  slightly delusional , i think . 
  no need to thank me . 
  the solution was pretty obvious , i guess !, 
  whats the problem ? 
  just get rich !, 
  would be cool . 
  lets replace uk with mexico . 
  i love tequila , i love hot food and i heard your main exports are fresh vegetables . 
  those tomatoes from netherlands suck anyway !, 
  :p and you can finally solve your drug problem . 
  no connection to south and north america -  no need to use your country for smuggling to the us !, 
  i thought healthcare was one of the reasons for brexit ? 
  how could it be more stupid to privatize this sector . 
  we 've seen that this does not work in the energy and the railroad-sector . 
  the prices skyrocket , the quality is a low as possible ( within boundaries set by the law ) and there are fucking cartels and cartel agreements everywhere without anyone doing something about it . 
  do n't let capitalism take over healthcare . 
  this are two things that are opposing each-other . 
  i thought the same about british companies , because those dudes bought the railroad just behind my house a few years ago . 
  perception is a wild thing . 
  i know what power projection means . 
  but there is a difference to the kind of power projection you talk about and the one the nato needs . 
  nato is a defensive pakt . 
  its not about invading iraq . 
  while defending your own countries its not that hard to find a place to refuel , is n't it ? 
  that would be a nice return for single market access , i agree . 
  but since everyone is expected to reach the same capabilities within 10 years , there is not much sense to do so . 
  if every country reaches this 2 % as expected , its nothing special anymore and nothing that should be included in any kind of treaty . 
   no problem here . 
  i 'm just wondering . 
  it sounded for a moment like you believe that eu-members have no world trade market access and that single market access is a basic human right for any british citizen and taking it from you is blackmailing . 
  :p  i want an orderly process for future exits , with well established practices and alternative trading models available . 
  that way , voters in eu countries considering leaving can make their choices with a clear idea of what is involved and what they can look forward to . 
  all you are interested in is money . 
  and that is why you left the building . 
  its also the reason why you try to get as close to trump as possible , despite the despicable bullshit he is spitting out every day . 
  the uk is behaving like an frightened ferengi . 
  i hope other members are going to notice that there are more important values than money . 
   blackmail does not mean use of political leverage . 
  is the eu blackmailing britain by saying it must agree to fom in return for tariff free access to the single market ? 
  one is blackmailing . 
  its `` either you give us your money or we turn you in a all you can eat buffet '' one is not even political leverage but a fact .
