  what about the other half ? 
  children ? 
  not having the right to vote ? 
  not interested ? 
  there are countless reasons . 
  how in the world can you get to the conclusion that this means only 30 % support him ? 
  sorry , but that 's just wrong . 
   no it does n't happen , i 'm not 5ft 3 like you little angry man . 
  there is a distinction between insulting and assaulting and it 's not a thin line . 
  you are pathetic . 
  a shame . 
  sad that those chubby people become also pretty intimidating at a certain level . 
  does not change anything about the fact that an insult can hit just as hard as a fist . 
  so i can understand why civilized people do n't want that kind of culture on their streets . 
   lmao what ? 
  ditib has schools now ? 
  just get out of here you start spewing bullshit from the second sentence . 
  not ditib alone . 
  teachers are brought into position by the turkish consulate . 
  ditib is helping by sending those imams to schools into religious class . 
  some german links : http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/tuerkische-indoktrination-an-deutschen-schulen-14954483.html http://www.deutschlandfunk.de/moscheen-in-deutschland-fromm-unauffaellig-und-gefaehrlich.724.de.html?dram:article_id=361983  are you implying germany is n't a secular country and their education is taken over by religious organizations ? 
  we still have a religion class in school . 
  for 1-2 hours a week they learn something about their religion . 
  teachers for this class are brought in place by turkey -  indoctrination of children . 
   ditib 's imams is the main reason why turksish muslims in europe stay away are not radicalized like arabs . 
  that may be true . 
  but did i say that ? 
  the thing they do is preaching whatever ankara is telling them . 
  they get their complete preaching text send from ankara . 
  pure turkish propaganda basically . 
  while turkey was a normal country this was acceptable . 
  but now ? 
   how ? 
  by building mosques ? 
  no by separation of the turks in germany from the german population by supporting the formation of subcultures . 
  turks learn german like a foreign language and are teached in entirely separated classes . 
  and they get to hear what ankara allows . 
  most turks in germany are more pro erdogan then turks in turkey . 
  this is the simple reason . 
  but that is the case . 
  when someone hits you in the face - which happens very often i bet - you have to go to the police , too , do n't you ? 
  and why does it need to be gas ? 
  because to me the focus on gas seems weirdly specific to hurt the eu . 
  why not - for example - a reduction of the oil price back at the price 6 month ago , before it raised again and helped russia to get the gdp back into + ? 
  after all russias oil industry is much bigger . 
  and that would force putin to do ... what ? 
  if we stop to buy gas russia would lose around 16-20 billions a year . 
  it 's not that much . 
  you sure that would bankrupt them ? 
  and you sure that would result in a less aggressive stance ? 
  especially when you consider that his new pipeline to china is ready 2018 ? 
  looks to me a lot more like the countries who 'd suffer the most are in the eu , while russia becomes more independent any year . 
  would be much better to keep the oil price low . 
  that would help all our economies and slowly suck the life out of russia . 
  no , its a private thing . 
  the police does not automatically track you down . 
  you must file a complaint ( not sure if this is the right word ) if you feel insulted . 
  and i did n't say it is . 
  it is prohibited . 
  but not considered as insult . 
  maybe beside , you know , all his victims . 
  its allowed to insult hitler !, 
  we have a special part in our law for this hitler thing . 
  why ? 
  you remember world war 2 ? 
  that 's why . 
  not even sure if it was our idea . 
  we already have persons called judges who decide if something is a insult or not , thanks . 
  :p and a thought or something said in a normal conversation with your friends about someone else , is not to be considered an insult . 
  then it 's times to take our tinfoil hat on !, 
  who is winning the most if he fuels our argument ? 
  in my opinion the `` forces '' who try to divide europe . 
  would not wonder if putin has given a little note to orban : `` set it on fire '' !, 
  in my mindset there is a difference between an viewpoint and an insult . 
  a insult is something that is done solely with the intent of hurting or degrading someone . 
  even if you have a bad opinion about someone , that does n't mean you should be allowed to hurt him neither physically nor verbally . 
  in my opinion hitting someone in the face hurts less then an well placed insult . 
  not sure if that is a cultural thing . 
  well , i think this is a law thing . 
  making the populistic statement `` i do n't intend to pay this bill '' can lead to a immediate reaction . 
  just waiting and not paying takes a bit longer . 
  in the end it will go like always . 
  germoney will take another 80000 from both countries and you have your will . 
  and next time when we have a discussion about solidarity this will be forgotten again and everyone will dig out some of deficit or pipeline bull-crap . 
  public persons are a entire different thing . 
  by accepting their public position their are meant to take a lot more heat . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  you can express your opinion whenever and wherever you want as long as you do n't express it to insult a person . 
  an insult is a very specific act . 
  a person can not just decide to feel insulted . 
  `` you 're a cunt '' is a insult . 
  `` i do n't like your hair '' is not . 
  `` i think what you 're doing is stupid '' is no insult . 
  its also not forbidden to say to your friend `` merkel is an asshole '' in private . 
  and there are even more exception for `` public '' persons . 
  they have to expect to take a lot more bullshit . 
   you threathened to increase gas prices when ukraine had revolution for one example . 
  what ? 
  how could germany increase the gas price for ukraine ? 
   you threathened to cut the supply to poland off when we supplied ukraine and czech republic with gas we bought from you .
