  but since there is no money or fame to gain in helping these people , nobody wants to attack or risk their lives for this people . 
  this alone should - if you dare to think about it - give you enough proof that the only thing naive here is you . 
  i do n't know who - but obviously someone - made you believe that country 's do something out of friendliness . 
  but a relation between countries is never like you , going to drink something with your friend . 
  seeing a diplomatic relation in this way is the epitome of naivety . 
  all governments of all countries have the obligation to foremost serve its own people and therefore are by definition extremely egocentric . 
  when the us goes to war somewhere , your news may tell you a story why it 's right to do that . 
  but this does almost never match reality or the real reason . 
  also : have you tried to get the idea why we do n't want to go to war ? 
  its not like it just happened , man . 
  70 years of indoctrination why war is wrong , from childhood on , do n't pass you without leaving a mark . 
  you do n't live here so you can not fathom the amount of shame we had and have to live with . 
  so the allies slowly removed all traces of a thousand year old military tradition from our society in this way . 
  and then people like you wonder why we do n't want to contribute ? 
  are you unable to see the contradiction ? 
  we are a democracy . 
  when 85 % of our people are pacifists , what would happen if merkel tries to fulfil your demands ? 
  so i 'm afraid that you have to live with the `` golem '' you 've created . 
  at least for a while . 
   i would say , they simply were very stupid and did not know what to do next . 
  you could say that . 
  but after all sending the world into oblivion was still not much more then the push of a few buttons . 
  even when ussr ended . 
  so i guess , without being in the situation to decide and without knowing all parameters , it 's hard to judge it right . 
   indeed , the french government had insisted from the start that the british air force should not bomb targets in germany for fear of reprisal on french factories . 
      ( that 's from https://history.stackexchange.com/questions/3042/why-didnt-france-and-uk-invade-germany-september-3rd-1939 ) haha , the first one supports your thesis . 
  the second one mine . 
  and the third one writes this about poland :  there are many historians in poland who believe that if poland did anything to stop germans from taking over czechoslovakia , things would be much different . 
  but instead of acting , poland took the opportunity to grab some arguable land too . 
  hahaha . 
  i guess all we can conclude on is that there are a lot of dicks out there !, 
  i do n't know . 
  360 \u00b0 rpg protection , ied protection , protection against heat seaking missiles , remote controlled 40mm gun or grenade launcher on the top , shorter main gun with programmable ammo . 
  those 2a7 + are specifically designed for this kind of war and it could for sure make a difference then using a tank that can be destroyed by any dude with a rpg . 
  you are talking about a entire different thing . 
  you talk about the time after crimea . 
  i talk about the events that lead to crimea in the first place , to make clear that putin did n't attack like a maniac without warning . 
  he warned the west over and over again to stop this powerplay . 
  so putin was the rattlesnake that threatened us by showing its teeth and rattling and shit . 
  but nato and the eu decided to ignore it . 
  now we complain that the snake bites and is literally hitler , while reality is that we are also not without guilt and were warned pretty often . 
  so actually listening to putin and talking to him could be this time a better option , then threatening him again and even more , by doing the same thing he warned us before crimea : bringing more and more nato military bases to his borders . 
   well , if nato does n't declare open war , then baltics is in the ass , they are lost . 
      again you have a military aliance of 20 countries , in which only one member can really go to war  , and this member is located in thousands kms from the battleground . 
  that 's the biggest bluff in history . 
  thats not entirely true . 
  even without the us we still would have a military budget of around 200-300 billions with much more soldiers then russia . 
  also : our entire military in germany is still directed at russia . 
  all our tanks , aircrafts and marine are designed with russia in mind . 
  it is right that we suck at fighting isis . 
  but we could certainly move a lot more things into battle . 
  you not only need to look at active vehicles . 
  we have inactive stuff , too : http://www.un-register.org/nationalholdings/countrydetail.aspx?register_id=2125 it is true that we are depending and rely heavily on the us . 
  but we still have lots and lots of reserves , hidden in deep , dark cellars . 
  we also have a not so bad intelligence agency . 
  and that 's just germany . 
  i think that would be more then enough to help to stop the progress and turn our industry into war-mode . 
   open fights between who ? 
  between unidentified rebels and estonian army ? 
  or between 300 american soldiers and crowd of russian-speaking pensioners ? 
  lets not play stupid here . 
  you know very well of the difficulty of the situation . 
  if you send tanks into ukraine , there is a high chance that russia will send them too . 
  escalation is only a matter of time in that case . 
  the baltics would be not the same thing , beside the fact that we actually have the right to remove any hostile army with all force necessary . 
  might still be not enough to keep putin from pulling the trigger . 
  but a open war is for sure for no side a option . 
   this is a very good comparison . 
  because it perfectly illustrates the attitude . 
  this entire french army just sat down and watched how hitler deals with poland . 
  and they did absolutely nothing , even though they had a perfect chance to deal with hitler at that moment . 
  and afterwards they all were collectively f * cked by hitler for their cowardness . 
  thats a very one sided , simplified view on things i hear a lot coming some butt-hurt dudes in poland . 
  its also entirely wrong . 
  they were deceived by fake military movement . 
  they also would have lost a huge advantage because they 'd have to attack a heavily fortified position . 
  they built the maginot line for a reason . 
  they expected a trench war like ww1 and were in for a long going conflict . 
  you can blame them for mistakes . 
  but calling it cowardliness is not only wrong but also a dick move . 
   su collpapsed because of lack of will . 
  it was erosion of faith ( or trust , pick what sounds better ) . 
  i do n't really think that it has something to do with what west did . 
  if it was result of west 's strategy they 'd have decoupled russia . 
  but instead they simply let them keep nuclear weapon and resources . 
  i 'm not sure what history book you read . 
  but it was certainly a special one . 
  :p ussr was totally bankrupted and unable to finance anything and slowly lost more and more influence on their satellites . 
  its also not like you simply `` allow '' someone to keep its nuclear arsenal . 
  its not like the us actually conquered the country . 
  even if the ussr was weak , their nuclear arsenal were enough to eradicate the earth multiple times . 
  you are aware that most people were relieved that there was a peaceful ending and nobody wanted a war to risk this peace ? 
  when you see a rattlesnake rattling around , facing you with his open mouth full of poison , maybe its better not ignore it and sit yourself right next to him ? 
  i guess russia understands pretty well what reliability means for germany . 
  maybe you actually should read the article . 
  it 's not like we 've chosen to get rid of our militarism . 
  actually it was actively removed from our society and we were educated to hate it . 
  and now the same folks who removed it come and tell us `` take responsibility '' ? 
  especially in this hostile tone , nobody would be willing to even answer . 
   again , all kinds of these non-falsifiable statements , `` they talked '' , `` they meddled '' .
