  i 'm not saying that those czech-bros are putin bros. 
  i 'm saying the interference that seems to disturb their public order sounds a lot like putin . 
  nice portugal !, 
  yes , lets do it . 
  but please also recognize : leaving is not reformation . 
  so overall ... putin . 
  kkthxbye . 
  do n't call us arrogant , you arrogant fool !, 
  good work romania !, 
  send in the sheep carriers !, 
  lamp chops for everyone afterwards !, 
  also heard it tastes very good with wine from montenegro !, 
  i have been to all over europe and beside some old beefs , different cuisine and of course a different language i do n't see so much of this difference you talk about . 
  maybe its your desire to separate your national identity from anybody else so much that makes you look on the world in that way . 
  i agree . 
  but beside the fact communication can be a problem the basic values are not that different . 
  the food is different , the music , the traditions . 
  but why is that important ? 
  even 20km away from my home town they sing different songs , talk a different dialect , eat different sausage and generally are unable to get their beer right . 
  we call this `` local patriotism '' . 
  my father told me stories that about 50 years ago there were regular brawls with the neighbor town because they hated eachother so much and thought they are better . 
  in the end those kind of things are not relevant to create a country . 
  a common goal a basic values are the only thing that is necessary . 
  again : usa is a good example . 
  you only think about today but when the usa was founded some time ago they did n't even had decided about the countries primary language . 
  basically ** every ** immigrant group was speaking their own language . 
  a few days ago i read that there were towns in the usa until the 20th century where nearly the whole population was speaking german . 
  sorry , but i think the idea that you would have to grow out of your own culture and identity is nothing but irrational fear mongering . 
  this is not about immigrants . 
  but about states that have very different laws and are able to maintain a overall very different culture within the same country . 
  so this is indeed a very relevant point when talking about european unity . 
  yes , because in that case there is no more need for nationalism . 
  thats the whole point . 
  what exactly do you mean ? 
  because if you talk about what i think then it was more about exceptions then about a reform . 
  calling it `` reforms '' is nothing but sugar coating . 
  you are aware that the us consists exactly out of the communities you are talking about and they all are coming not only from this eu states , but also from all the americas , africa and asia ? 
  but opting out is just no way of doing anything . 
  because no statistic relevant majority wants to eat cherry-cake without cherries !, 
  it is not . 
  a good example is the death sentence . 
  you can not even become a eu member if the death sentence is a thing for you . 
  in the usa the states and the population of this states are autonomous enough to decide this for themself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_the_united_states also their economy , food , their local music and generally the culture is often very different . 
  because just because you call something `` cooperation '' it does not mean it is actual cooperation . 
  cooperation is a very basic concept , built on the thought that all involved parties profit from the `` cooperation '' . 
  cherry picking is not cooperation . 
  and nonetheless there were no wars on american soil since a quite long time . 
  to me independent states are a selfish , small minded and egocentric concept . 
  i know that many people love to think about them self as very special . 
  special enough to preserve their `` way of life '' and call it `` country '' . 
  and yes , i understand that patriotism and xenophobia helped us to survive for thousands of years . 
  and that 's also why this is such a good way to influence the stupid masses . 
  but at some point we need to overcome this urges . 
  urges who are based in our genetic programming . 
  which is the same kind programming that makes you eat until die from a heart attack , if you do n't get yourself under control and do some workout . 
  just because something makes you feel good , it does n't mean it is right . 
  if we want to develop humanity into any relevant direction we need to resist this urges and act a little bit more rational . 
  you know , the usa are doing this pretty good . 
  their states are pretty independent beings and much more different than most european states . 
  when you think about louisiana and compare it to california , would n't you agree that these state are very different ? 
  the culture , the law , the life-style . 
  a very good example for the difference between a representative local government and corporation on a country wide level . 
  sounds more like you still believe your politicians who make the eu responsible for every single problem in your country and therefore started to believe some crude theories that you 're ruled by the european commission or something . 
  cooperation in a specific field is always nice , if all parties have something to gain . 
  a super-project like cern is a very good example where cooperation is essential . 
  but the term `` technology '' is much bigger in my opinion . 
  education is also a part of that . 
  and if we 're not very careful the only thing we 're going to achieve with lax regulations is a drain of talented people into uk . 
  oxford and cambridge are big names and very attractive . 
  exchange is good , but transfer is not . 
  since uk is now competition i see no reason why we would want that kind of transfer . 
   good for both of us , overally effect of trade without tariffs is more beneficial for the eu as the uk would make a profit out of the eu on equal tariffs . 
  i see it slighty different . 
  tax haven and trade backdoor comes to my mind . 
  but if uk agrees to be neither of those i think it could work . 
    easy movement of people ( visa free ) across the uk \\ eu  good for both of us but obviously not for the uk . 
  because that was the biggest point of brexit . 
    continued intelligence sharing , across the block  good for both of us . 
  if i consider the uk 's opinion on privacy laws i see no reason to think good about this . 
  intelligence sharing with a uk that no longer is limited by eu law ? 
  maybe on some very specific topics . 
   uk 's universities are definitely better than the eu 's , so this is again another area where the eu gains more out of it than the uk . 
  we need to consider that there will be no more free movement . 
  that leads to less students and teachers from the eu learning and working in uk . 
  universities are also a very good way to transfer knowledge - into the host country of the university . 
  so i 'm not sure if this is in europe 's best interest , especially if you consider that uk will be competition at this point . 
  i think germany 's current approach - to offer free college and university education to anyone who qualifies - is a much better idea and helps us to get good people into the eu . 
  we should better make damn sure that we do n't lose those people to the uk/anyone . 
  the past ? 
  i only need to look back 1-2 years . 
  the first time where we really needed help . 
  religious fundamentalism and insults were all the response we got . 
  that 's not the spirit of the eu - at least i - have envisioned . 
  so yes , after this events and all those problems caused by orban and the kaczynski government i think huge parts of east europe are still not really ready for the eu and it would 've been better to wait another 10-20 years until we share at least some kind of basic common values . 
  i think free movement and free technology sharing was considered likewise . 
  there are alot of countries that are in some kind of visa free travel treaty with the eu . 
  but * movement * - from my perspective - is something else . 
  because it also allows to work and life everywhere in the eu without barriers . 
  but i could be wrong because i translated it not correctly .
