  poland also had the choice to host a gas pipeline going around ukraine but denied it multiple times . 
  in my opinion the situation we have now is a result of poland being completely unwilling to allow any kind of compromise with russia . 
  old hate , pride , whatever . 
  at the same time they also were trying to keep up their influence on the pipeline . 
  which basically means they want a stronger position in gas talks . 
  there is nothing wrong with this at first glance . 
  but if you ask yourself honestly `` how '' they would get this kind of influence the answer would be : because they 'd also able to threaten us to shut this thing down again to help us making their position stronger . 
  and you wonder yourself why we prefer to spent ~ 5 billion $ on a gas pipeline through the sea ? 
  next time break a street sign out of the earth and use it as a hammer . 
  bare fists is just stupid . 
  what kind of hostile action would you allow ? 
  supporting brexit officially and unofficially ? 
  appeasing erdogan , while anybody else in nato is having a difficult time with him , effectively undermining any pressure we put on him ? 
  calling germany the bad-guy and to threaten us with import taxes ? 
  to unsettle nato allies by not officially supporting article 5 ? 
   which states ? 
  are there multiple ukraines ? 
  i thought russia did that ... playin ' smart after others pointed your mistakes out ? 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  there are no mistakes . 
  russia is a part of europe , too . 
  so `` eastern european states '' . 
  russia and ukraine closed the pipeline down in this battle . 
  and to answer your `` question '' about ukraine : http://www.badische-zeitung.de/wirtschaft-3/ukraine-schliesst-letzte-gaspipeline--10024452.html smart-ass . 
   just lol . 
  thanks for that eloquent insertion . 
  i will consider it and come back to you , when i come to the conclusion talking to a difficult , small minded person like you is actually worth it . 
  we could say the same . 
  we need to compete with your products , made in an environment where labour cost and production costs are very low . 
  and we also have to deal with economic migration . 
  man , i hate this money-talk all day . 
  its so exhausting that this is all we have to talk about all day . 
  in the end it all boils down to pure egoism - on all sides . 
  everyone wants more . 
  people value it more than everything else and love to fight for it , but forget to live for something actually relevant . 
  as far as i see it : 1 . 
  his first action was to open some natural reserves to industrial exploitation . 
  he works actively to divide the eu , a process that could lead to new wars on our continent . 
  not now for sure , but if this goes on it could be possible in 20 years , if right wing extremists - who are also actively sponsored by his close friends - get more power and start to win in more and more countries . 
  he sold the saudis weapons for many billions and at the same time he obviously convinced 5 arab countries to openly blame qatar for terror funding and even had the balls to twitter `` perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism ! '', 
  and the last one is to me the most dangerous one . 
  i have the feeling that a war is in preparation . 
  i also think he may have accidentally released information with this simple sentence . 
  because it sounds a lot like he actually already knows what is going to happen in qatar . 
  or how could he know that `` terrorism '' could end ? 
  finger-pointing will not end qatars terror funding . 
  making it public knowledge will change nothing , too . 
  we know since years that some saudi princes love terror funding . 
  so what event we know about could lead to the end of terrorism if - and that is a big if - it 's funded by qatar ? 
  so obviously this quote suggest there will be a event in the future trump knows something about . 
  so i - the franconian miracle made able to see the future through spirits made in the best of our breweries - hereby predict the future !, 
  there will be a war or a regime change in qatar !, 
  and iran is not going to like it . 
   45 $ so , lets do the math . 
  your gross domestic income per capita is ~ 18500/year . 
  your tax rate is between 19 and 25 % . 
  lets calculate with 22 % . 
  that means you pay 4077 taxes per capita or 340 per month . 
  that means the eu funds are similar to a income-tax increase of 13 % . 
  not as shabby as you make it look . 
  i think the main reason for this subventions was the idea to make the eu self sustainable and allow farmers to compete with the new economies in the eu who sold their stuff a lot cheaper in cause of cheap labour . 
  all of this is just a re-routing of tax . 
  so you pay for it in another way and in a pretty bureaucratic way , too . 
  a friend of mine is a farmer and he never stops to complain , that out of 60000 $ of subvention money he gets 20000 . 
  the rest is eaten up by the bureaucracy . 
  i 'm not sure but i think he said for every single farmer there is at-least 1 public officer . 
  so it 's highly inefficient . 
  nonetheless its working . 
  food prices are seemingly low and nearly all our food is produced in europe . 
  you sure that they were veterans ? 
  to me it looks a lot like they had a few veteran leaders but where mostly fresh recruits . 
  allied propaganda loves to elevate their enemies to make overcoming them an even more heroic act . 
  just look at the name . 
  there was no commander lehr or something . 
  and a few batallions also carry the `` lehr '' . 
  lehr means `` teaching '' . 
  so panzer-lehr-division basically means tank-teaching-division . 
  and that means just what i said : a few experienced `` teachers '' with a lot of fresh recruits . 
  you also should be aware that a lot of new recruits at this time were 15 and 16 year old kids . 
  this is acceptable . 
  when can i move in ? 
  ukraine was stealing gas from the pipeline starting 1994 , which resulted in not enough gas reaching germany . 
  they also shut it down 2009 . 
  what kind of information is so hard to get for you ? 
  its basically everywhere . 
  hard to say . 
  but i 'm pretty sure after things were going better it was a significant amount . 
  a poster of / r/de said it was 60,4 millions at the end . 
  but i have no source , sorry . 
  i did n't want to make the impression that i think you supported him as a individual . 
  by `` you '' i meant the turkish population in general . 
  sorry for not being clear enough at this point . 
  to kobane : erdogan allowed those peshmerga to fight , but only after a long blockade of the city , hindering countless kurds from trying to help them and preventing them to bring in supplies : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/oct/08/kobani-isis-turkey-kurds-ypg-syria-erdogan that was very gruesome to watch at that time . 
  at the same time countless videos of isis fighters in turkey popped up . 
  sitting in a bus . 
  being treated in a hospital . 
  hoisting their flag above a police station . 
  i was pretty sure that turkey even bombed kurdish supply lines during the siege . 
  but i can not find anything to support this , so i might be wrong .
