   i did n't - my point ( again ) was that the tiny amount that cornwall received from the eu ( # 60million ) could be easily replaced . 
  i got the impression from the article that cornwall will get up to # 2,5 bn until 2020 , if the uk stays in the uk . 
  not sure how you get this # 60millions . 
  did i get something wrong in this article ? 
  i care about it , because i think you could be some kind of example that could crush the whole union . 
  i seriously give nothing about money in this matter . 
  i just do n't want to see our progress made being destroyed . 
  i do n't want the eu go back to this small minded local patriotism that caused so many wars in the eu . 
  i mean we were constantly at war for about 2000 years in europe . 
  and the main reason for this was national egoism and greed . 
  germany has a strong economy , even without the eu . 
  we proofed this for centuries before the eu . 
  so i think we are easily ble to survive without the eu . 
  but what about russia ? 
  what about islamic state ? 
  what about china ? 
  what about the usa ? 
  do you think our economy and security is stronger alone or together ? 
  nobody knows the result of this . 
  so my main reason is : the eu is a little evil we know , can handle and even improve . 
  the brexit can result in anything . 
  i responded to two things . 
  cornwall could get as much money from the commons as from the eu . 
  i answered that the eu gives more benefits that are not included in this over and over repeated eu - `` spending '' / `` income '' comparison . 
  even if the commons are able to replace this eu-funding they can not easily replace the benefits of open borders and a tax free trading zone . 
  moaning about the uk spending in general . 
  my answer was there are many countries who pay more into eu than uk , especially if you break it down to its citizens . 
  in my opinion you should not only look at the overall sum but also on the spending per citizen . 
  stop acting like a spending superhero . 
  it 's really exhausting and just not true . 
  i 'm sorry if i somehow made the impression that this two things are connected . 
  do n't correlate our budget surplus with our export surplus . 
  we are a exporting country since centuries and nonetheless had very rarely a budget surplus . 
  there were years after years we were at -3 % and had to pay fine after fine to the eu because our budget looked that bad . 
  i do n't even get where this idea is coming from !, 
  you can number crunch as much as you want . 
  the result stays the same . 
  every gb citizen pays effectively and statistically 76 $ while many countries are paying twice as much while not even being close to earning twice as much . 
  im not sure what you are talking about . 
  any i 'm pretty sure you do n't know it either . 
  so you are no part of the right wing movement ? 
  the problem with this kind of logic is that there is much more to win in the eu than pure funding . 
  and on the funding side you are n't that high anyway . 
  you pay much less per person than many other countries . 
  statistically a german pays more than twice as much into eu than a brit ( 76 $ month ) . 
  netherlands and sweden even more . 
  oh , i 'm just explaining the picture and how it is going to influence people . 
  was not trying to say that it makes any sense . 
  and nonetheless the british unemployment is sinking and sinking every year . 
  they are currently at 5.1 % . 
  i also do n't think that turkey will join eu as long as great empress merkel is ruling us !, 
  i just interpreted and stated what this picture is displaying in my opinion . 
  as i said . 
  he is a powerless loudmouth . 
  why do you even care what he says ? 
  yeah , its indeed an example of logic thrown out of the window . 
  since about a year - after everyone just forgot the real reason - everyone seems to start to make germany responsible for the economical problems of spain , italy , greece and even britain . 
  or the eu . 
  while reality is that we still have to fight problems caused by the banking crysis 2008 . http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/unemployment-rate so , there are economical problems . 
  but a sane person would n't blame the eu or germany . 
  only a person who needs to find someone to hate . 
  no , i do n't think the problems of the eu are caused by right wingers . 
  there are indeed problems . 
  but i think this problems are misinterpreted and abused by this right wingers to use them as propaganda however they want . 
  they blame the eu or germany for everything . 
  even if it 's not their fault . 
  so why should we change the eu 's government if they basically did not even nearly as much wrong as they are telling us ? 
  projecting ? 
  i always thought about him like someone who has much to say but no power over anything and ignored im entirely . 
  in my opinion the only reason he is displayed as the incarnation of evil is because propaganda always needs someone to hate . 
  nice . 
  but i think the problem of the eu is not the eu leadership but right-wing propaganda like that of parties like ukip , afd , fp\u00d6 and so on who use the banking crysis of 2008 and the following economical problems to blame the eu-government or - if it fits the situation - germany for everything bad happening in the eu . 
  how would your reform counter that ? 
  then the british people are extremely inconsistent in their opinions . 
  or how would you explain a 20 % increase in about 2-3 month without even any kind of campaign going on in 2011 ? 
  it 's exactly what i had expected to read in the sun after hearing trump wants the brexit . 
  good work erdogan . 
  its germany 's fault , is n't it ? 
  so yougov is sponsored by ukip ? 
  or why does `` remain '' start with nothing and `` leave '' start with about 60 % . 
  i would say this is a pretty stupid forgery . 
  it 's not really that misleading . 
  it shows in my opinion that turkey is a neighbor of two of the most insecure and dangerous countries in the world . 
  or with other words : letting turkey into the eu would mean the eu is going to share a border with iraq and syria . 
  seems pretty risky to me . 
  who would want that ? 
  so the banking crysis from 2008 has nothing to do with the problems of this states in your opinion ? 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate so this hit to unemployment in all this countries , happening in 2008 does mean nothing ? 
  their problems , all beginning in 2008 also does mean nothing ? 
  but i can understand that . 
  you life in a country with a very big banking industry . 
  accepting reality would mean to accept that this crysis is also partially your fault . 
  what ? 
  another 2 years of lamentations and another 2 years with the british diva on stage all the time ? 
  i was hoping for a clean cut . 
  i do n't even want to hear the word `` negotiations '' . 
  britain wants to be on their own . 
  no need to negotiate anything . 
  otherwise we will end up with another `` we want all the benefits but do n't want to do anything for it '' - kind of negotiation we always end up when messing around with britain . 
  i think someone should sent a sandor clegane on the hunt for chicken after him .
