  the persons responsible for the holocausts . 
  they killed many germans during that period , too . 
  german jews , political enemies , deserters , reporters . 
  so its not only wrong to just call them germans without a seperation , its even stupid . 
  there is a good reason . 
  you just do n't accept it . 
  its not the `` rest of the world '' who needs to act differently . 
  many , many educated people including historians adress them as `` nazi germany '' or just `` nazis '' to make this seperation . 
  in my experience only ill meaning people give a shit about this seperation . 
  there is no way around that just calling them `` germans '' is wrong . 
  in that way you 're blaming and equalizing millions of german victims - including jews , political enemies , deserters and child soldiers - with the nazi party . 
  on top of that you also imply some kind of guilt for modern day germany . 
  maybe its uncommon in poland to make that seperation . 
  i dont know . 
  but that would for sure not make it any better . 
  you can act however you want . 
  but if you insult a person , do n't wonder if you get a punch to your face . 
  the words you chose define the message you want to deliver . 
  i 'm german and i 'm no nazi . 
  i 'm inherently seperated from anything nazi . 
  no need to pretend anything . 
  for many germans its one of the top reasons to visit other countries , if they do n't like them . 
  most probably they are mounting lots and lots of bookshelves !, 
  as long as i consider myself german i feel like being adressed when someone talks about `` the germans '' . 
  and i 'm pretty sure thats what this is all about . 
  you know they could have said `` the nazis '' because that would include all their supporters from back in the day until now . 
  tell me ... is your mama proud of you ? 
  sorry , but we see no other choice then retaliation through extensive torture and slander of italian cuisine !, 
  look americans ... that 's how a [ real pizza ] ( https://i.redd.it/46trr0cfahdz.jpg ) looks !, 
  oh ... you already seem to know . 
  well yes . 
  they 're not only incredibly rich but they also - if you 're coming from a catholic family - know your mama and your grandma !, 
  never underestimate the wrath of yer mama !, 
  a remarkable day !, 
  while you won the ice-battle , we stole the [ testarossa ] ( http://www.bild.de/regional/duesseldorf/ferrari-testa-rossa/unternehmer-siegt-ueber-ferrari-52744400.bild.html ) from you !, 
  did you even notice ? 
  h\u00e4h\u00e4h\u00e4 !, 
  please !, 
  i 'd recommend resettling to venus or merkur . 
  thats not what he is saying . 
  older people tend to already have feathered their nests . 
  they get their pension and they already paid for their house . 
  why should they care for a bad economy ? 
  they care more about polish neighbours and their loud music . 
  so overall a opinion can not get any more selfish than this one . 
  a country without a working government does not want their people back ? 
  even you should understand how absurd that statement is . 
  i hate being called a killer . 
  maybe it would be easier to understand if you change your sentence a little bit . 
  `` almost 3000 people were killed by muslims on 9/11 '' . 
  do you get the difference ? 
  one thing is about remembering a tragedy . 
  the other thing is about inciting hatred . 
  you seem to confuse loud mouth hillbilly press with actual diplomacy . 
  well ... thanks for the warning !, 
  that is why you do n't just read a single index and immediately believe `` now i know it all '' . 
   they ship them as they are , and rely on cooking to get rid of the bacteria that sounds like a the describtion of the american model . 
  which is possible thanks to the chlorine wash . europe has much more regular checks and higher requirements for the cooling-chain and the slaughterhouses to achieve the same . 
  its not important if you find bakteria . 
  they are on any kind of life form . 
  the only relevance is the density of bakteria . 
  if a chicken grows up under clean and healthy conditions and is n't bathing in shit every day , you have much less problems with salmonella for example . 
  its not relevant if there are bacteria . 
  they are basically everywhere . 
  the important thing is the question if their density is relevant to human health . 
  so if the density is too high , it will be destroyed . 
  they 're checked for salmonella regularly . 
  that 's part of the reason why we need no chlorine bath . 
  so no need to be comfortable with anything . 
  because `` checked positive '' does not mean it ends in the hand of customers after this test . 
  but everything else is still a problem . 
  we do n't have a problem with chlorine . 
  we use it everywhere . 
  so for me the problem is not the chlorine , but the implications . 
  why do they need this `` bath '' ? 
  because it 's cheaper to put your meat in chlorine , then to slaughter the chicken in a clean environment . 
  you also do n't care too much how the chicken grew up if you wash away the shit with chlorine and force everyone to cook it thoroughly . 
  so basically the term `` chlorine chicken '' is all about providing even lower quality of meat then we already have , to european customers . 
  why would any sane person want that ? 
  even the idea is gross . 
  same is true for `` bleached flour '' . 
  do we really want to reduce the quality of our food even more ? 
  just as i guessed . 
  not a single link . 
  i bet you tried very hard and nonetheless you do n't believe what you just saw . 
  you 're just another victim , lost to a madmans propaganda . 
  then let me give you an opportunity to proof your words : 1 . link me an attack that has been cleary commited by the pkk & friends in the recent years . 
  an attack that was carried out with the purpose of killing as many civilians as possible . 
  casualties in attacks on police stations , politicians or military do n't count . 
  link me an article with proof to a crime those g\u00fclenists have commited . 
  only condition : please do n't link media that is under control of erdogan or a friendly country like russia . 
  in my opinion thats exactly the reason why we have this trade surplus . 
  automation is basically everywhere . 
  there are many jobs where 20 years ago 100 workers made the work that currently needs 10 thanks to automated construction lines and robots . 
  but does that mean we have less job ? 
  no , because we also have 10 times more output . 
  every piece of tech is much more complex and complicated . 
  it needs much more effort to built . 
  you deny to consume his media , but at the same time you spit out the same bullshit they try to sell to anyone . 
  does not really make your opinion more credible .
