  many of this happened on twitter and on reddit and its pretty hard to find that stuff today . 
  i just find reports about unspecified `` targets '' . 
  however : that was the point when i was sure there will no peace between pkk/ypg and turkey for a pretty long time . 
  i 'm still not sure what erdogan tried to achieve at this point . 
  hehehe . 
  i like that idea and i want to believe it . 
  but currently everything points to a total chaos in his administration and a complete cluelessness about everything he is doing . 
  i mean i get why he promised everything to everyone to get voted . 
  his main voters are mostly braindead hillbillies , who hate everything , especially the things they 've never seen even once in their lifes . 
  but now he is trying to fulfill this super stupid promises . 
  and that makes him look more and more stupid . 
  my last hope was that he at least has some kind of plan and is not only a russian mole sent to plant the seed of chaos everywhere . 
  no , but what should we do else then to wait for a change ? 
  a change that is not very likely to happen because he just made him self life-time sultan . 
  in my opinion his politics are the biggest reason for the problem turkey has today . 
  for example what would have happened if he supported the kurds instead of fighting them in kobane ? 
  supporting their claim for a independent kurdistan ( outside turkish borders ) . 
  was it our choice to remove the entire independent press ? 
  to eradicate the opposition ? 
  to spy on the own citizens basically like stasi in germany ? 
  to replace countless independent judges , teachers , policemen with his own followers ? 
  he has become a dictator and you gave him the tools for that by voting for him . 
  and what a great host it was . 
  thank you for everything . 
  so why did n't poland then accept the pipeline going through poland ? 
  it was suggested around 2000 but was also denied . 
  seems to me this coin has a lot more sides . 
  i understand your fear of being blackmailed . 
  but we already have been blackmailed since 1994 . 
  would n't you think we prefer to not built a pipeline that costs most certainly billions ? 
  i heard something about close to 5 billions paid by european energy companies and therefore the consumer . 
  yay \\ o /, 
  yes . 
  but germany did n't built the whole base . 
  just one runway , some storage and barracks and a tower for our operations . 
  edit : but after looking at he base , i guess we can forget that idea . 
  too intertwined . 
  i just hope they blow the place up when they go . 
  we paid 65 million $ to built that part of incirlik . 
  no reason to leave this as a present to erdogan . 
  i found a older article about that stuff : https://www.rferl.org/a/1094427.html seems like you 've even turned a pipeline directly through poland down . 
  what was wrong with that one ? 
  poland could built their own pipeline . 
  or be a part of north stream 2 . 
  i do n't really understand the whole situation . 
  but committing themselves to a unreliable energy source and trying to force others to do the same sounds a bit strange . 
  i know . 
  nobody blamed poland . 
  does change nothing about the fact that the pipeline is now considered unreliable for us and we are trying to built an alternative route . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  the press is creating a pretty bad impression and it 's a bit hard to see beyond that on reddit . 
  especially when so many people seem to support this articles . 
  `` unsolidary '' because ukraine can not blackmail us to help them against russia ? 
  why is it our responsibility to make trade deals with russia for ukraine ? 
  and why is this harmful to poland ? 
  we had different gas prices all the time . 
  also : it was ukraine 's decision to steal gas and randomly shut the pipeline down after all . 
  now we built a pipeline around a obviously unrealiable country . 
  there is action and there is consequence . 
  we had many households without gas in that winter and therefore problems to heat their homes . 
  where was the solidarity when they blackmailed us ? 
  not sure who is central and western europe for you in this one . 
  i guess poland is central europe and germany western europe ? 
  i do n't think you need to be afraid that germany would deny you a share of this gas , if someone is blockading the other route again . 
  it 's an alternative route that will help anyone , when someone on the land pipeline decides to blackmail us again . 
  we just do n't like it that someone steals gas or blocks our pipeline because he wants to renegotiate their deals . 
  and who blackmails us to support him , because our gas supply would be interrupted , too . 
  this is about one of fifty christian families who does not want to become refugees . 
  most notable parts are :  `` they just wanted to take advantage of a three-month visa and `` only if the situation in their country has not changed over time , they have to think about further action . '' '', 
   `` it is a pathological situation where a refugee who escapes from persecution , death and hunger will choose the country where he wants to live , because he offers the best living conditions . '', 
  the refugee is proving to be an economic emigrant , says the refugee expert . 
  so you want to tell me , that they do n't want to live in poland anyway ? 
  or is this proof that all refugees are economic migrants ? 
  not sure what you 're up to . 
  source . 
  did n't know poland was willing to take even a single refugee . 
  why is this solidarity in your opinion ? 
  we are buying the gas from russia , not poland . 
  you are right . 
  but it 's still a perfectly reasonable explanation why we 'd need this pipeline . 
  and that should change our intent to built a save connection ? 
  yes . 
  from stolen gas and reduced pressure up to completely closed pipelines . 
  and you wonder why we want a route where not any country on they way to germany can shut it down whenever they like ? 
  not sure about them . 
  i just remember how eastern european states have shut down our gas pipeline during winter , to put some pressure on russia . 
  yeah , ignore the part about russia and how they treated polish refugees . 
  and that treatment of refugees like this was the reason for founding this one : http://www.unhcr.org/1951-refugee-convention.html it makes me sick how quick people forget and only see the truth they want to see . 
   peace process ended when pkk killed a soldier and two police officers in july 21 and 22 . 
  sure . 
  let 's say it started 2015 . http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29611582 oh , thats 2014 . 
  strange . 
  let 's also not forget kobane and the blockade of kurdish supply lines . 
  also 2014 . 
  and you wonder they fight you ? 
  i ca n't even imagine what is going on in your head . 
   good to know you support bombing of innocent civilians . 
  oh , i do n't support it . 
  i just do n't see the difference to any kind of civilian casualties in war . 
  the difference is i call them civilians .
