  he is interested in the region , that 's all . 
  by declaring its biggest defensive force `` terrorists '' he tries to justify their acts , while literally everybody in the world knows , that the only reason ypg is an army now is because locals have joined them for fighting isis . 
  but i 'm pretty sure they will be `` terrorists '' soon , when the war in syria is over . 
  and who could be angry at them ? 
  erdogan attacked them while fighting for their lives and pulled of little smarty-pants actions like closing down supply lines to kobane while under attack from isis . 
  you think they will forget that ? 
  in my opinion is see no proof ypg has started with this shit . 
  erdogan is the bad guy in this . 
  and i 'm pretty sure the normal people are going to pay for this , while the kurds are blamed again . 
  i 'm sure it takes a while until you are going to read a true word in your press again , though . 
  so stay `` informed '' . 
  talking to indoctrinated people is useless anyway . 
  that 's no problem . 
  we have built our part of the incirlik base with our own money . 
  i think we built a runway , storage and an tower for ~ 65 million euro . 
  sad that this part is lost now , though . 
  i hope they blow everything up before they go . 
  so airports are not that hard to build . 
  a complete base with a security perimeter would another problem . 
  in the same ballpark ? 
  like what ? 
  we are doing recon in syria and it should n't be hard to give this service to someone else . 
  in fact this would be the same `` ballpark '' as it is now , only somewhere else . 
  maybe even someone where it actually helps . 
  also : there are so many countries in syria for their goodwill missions , that i 'm not sure those tiny contributions actually change something beside showing solidarity . 
  nonetheless they got bombed by turkish aircraft and seem to generally dislike turkey . 
  we also delivered some weapons . 
  so i think they would n't be completely opposed to the idea and could be convinced . 
  isis is fighting in dozens of countries . 
  boko haram is also in many countries of africa on rampage and very close to isis . 
  i 'm sure there would be many thankful parties who 'd love to put their movement under surveillance . 
  not sure why this is confusing to you ? 
  we could think about north iraq . 
  the kurdish part . 
  i heard in that part of iraq us soldiers feel pretty safe . 
  nearly zero attacks in the last 14 years . 
  and since all that stuff happened because we denied to share our intel about kurds with turkey i 'm sure they 're relatively welcoming . 
  but since trump and merkel are no longer friends , not sure if trump would like that . 
  probably the best thing would be to leave and focus on the european defense everybody is talking about the last days . 
  this mission was symbolic from the beginning . 
  more recon is always good , but it does not mean there is no recon left after germany is gone . 
  in fact i 'm pretty sure merkel is happy to get a excuse to pull their troops out . 
  there are other regions where isis needs to be fought . 
  pretty sure we can do our part somewhere else . 
  i find it to be disturbing that the manifest of al qaeda is still not widely known . 
  the target of islamic terror is not terror . 
  it is holy war . 
  and to get people into holy war , they need some idiots start interventions or take revenge . 
  this will result in civilian casualties and general unrest . 
  and in that way they generate recruits . 
  it 's pretty easy to observe . 
  by fighting terror in the way we do , the amount of terror victims have increased extremely . 
  i think the numbers where the factor 8 in between 2000 and 2013 . 
  another articles said in 2014 it again increased by 80 % . 
  the first rule of jihad is seemingly to make everyone believe that jihad is necessary . 
  war , poverty , unstable countries and so on make it stronger and stronger every year . 
  thanks france , for providing the reasonable part of the world with a charismatic leader figure . 
  looks like your lidl cashiers need more training . 
  man , a year ago i was looking forward to a trade agreement with the us . 
  would 've loved more us beef at a reasonable price . 
  now i 'm on reddit , considering a boycott of us products . 
  not sure if there are even any who influence my life , beside google , facebook and reddit . 
  and a boycott of amazon ? 
  or netflix ? 
  that would devastate my entertainment in the evening . 
  :( i guess we have no chance against the men in yellow . 
  sounds like the middle eastern way of running police or a drugstore . 
  maybe you should be more clear what you expect from them !, 
  the reason for that may be that in greece anyway nearly no one is working !, 
  wtf . 
  while people are protesting for him , he threatens to kill germans ? 
  pretty nasty dude . 
  well , after amri some people asked why refugees that need to be deported are not immediately taken into custody instead of giving them an appointment letter or something in comparison . 
  so that kind of behaviour is most likely a result of the attack . 
  german sausage are also much better , then the lidl-sausage . 
  it 's very cheap meat , with generic spices . 
  you should not expect to much from it . 
  it 's cheap for a reason . 
   sadly many people in our society do n't care about how good something tastes or get accustomed to bad food . 
  lidl has good wine however . 
  its strange , but if you look for a good bottle of whine it has better things in stock then any other german super market , including special offers . 
  only wine-shops are better . 
  and i think their international specialities are also pretty fine when they are available . 
  frozen food is also ok . 
  you are right . 
  i 'm very sure there was a paragraph in the focus article that stated that the afghan boy got angry and resisted . 
  i 'll remove that part . 
  short translation : police came to school during class to take an afghan student with them . 
  the other students did n't like that and started a peaceful sitting protest ( not sure if this translation is correct ) in front of the police cars . 
  the situation escalated then and the protester threw bottles and bikes at the officers . 
  according to this , his teacher told the press that he was well integrated and that he was a diligent student who had the prospect to an apprenticeship at a german company : http://www.spiegel.de/lebenundlernen/schule/nuernberg-300-jugendliche-protestieren-gegen-abschiebung-eines-mitschuelers-a-1150127.html obviously now a judge has revoked the decision to put him in custody for his pending deportation : http://www.spiegel.de/lebenundlernen/schule/nuernberg-junger-afghane-muss-nicht-in-abschiebehaft-a-1150267.html, 
  have not found anything about injured protesters . 
  its always the end of an era , when there is a little bit of stress in our relations . 
  the only era that obviously seems to end in my opinion is the era where germany said no to most kind of large scale military intervention . 
  and that is sad , because as we see in the middle east , this has a very high chance to end in a mess . 
  8 times more terrorist attacks in 2013 then 2000 . 
  and those number got even further up when isis grew in power . 
  thanks `` war on terror '' !, 
  and why the fuck is this war still carrying this name ? 
  should n't it be renamed to `` war for terror '' ?
