  at some point a government is supposed to get shit done . 
  maybe fucking translate the fucking thing to english ? 
  maybe send some officials to the refugees ? 
  maybe have the turkish and greek police issue a message . 
  i can not believe you are not trolling me right now . 
  just read this pretty interesting article if you are actually interested . 
  it has been created by our beloved / r/europe mod marktplatz : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/  but i 'm hopeful . 
  because with enough skulls spread on the pavement - because there will be more - , you guys will learn at some point . 
  do n't you think we have n't had enough lessons in the past that germans are not good in learning such things and always tend to overreact ? 
  on the other side ... some even seem to consider the handling of the refugees as this kind of overreaction . 
  you are right . 
  those 500 victims have nothing to do with this thought . 
  but britain voting out - at least partially in cause of free movement and migrants - and trump questioning the nato alliance does make me think about this scenarios . 
  if everyone starts to radicalise , refugees will only be the first victim . 
   if 1 million people got the wrong impression , it is you duty to clarify the message . 
  people do get condemned for negligence . 
  it is a thing merkel is responsible for . 
  it already has been clarified from the bundeskanzleramt hours after those `` mama merkel '' articles appeared . 
  that 's just something the press does not care about . 
  probably its just not entertaining enough . 
  you seem to forget that what our government says and what the people get to hear is not always the same , because the press decides who hears what . 
  in this case it is even worse because most syrians can read english but nobody is able to read german . 
  something that results in the `` small '' problem that the most stupid pile of shit press in the world - the british press - has told syrian refugees about this . 
  another interesting side note to consider are human traffickers . 
  guess who told those refugee `` there is a new live waiting for you in germany . 
  you just have to pay me 5000 $ and i bring you to the country . '', 
  guess what kind of articles have been shown to those guys ? 
   you are 100 % ego , and 0 % pragmatism . 
  all you want is to get that `` i 'm right '' ego boost . 
  so you think you are free of the wish to be right ? 
  this discussion does not give me this kind of vipe coming from your direction . 
  :p  anyway , germany v2 .0 : crap edition does not sound like a good country to be with . 
  just like uk did , an increasingly high number of french voters want out . 
  if germany stays intent on crapping up the eu . 
  what was germany 1.0 ? 
  hitler edition ? 
  `` potential nuclear battle ground for war with the soviets '' - edition ? 
  1.9 `` germany cooperating with russia and telling bush to fuck off '' - edition ? 
   enjoy your 80b $ yearly bill . 
  another thing to feel good about , i guess . 
  your whole argumentation is still based on the fact that we `` entertained '' someone . 
  something we did not . 
  should n't we make this clear at first ? 
  because i still think that just is not true . 
  and please do n't start again with `` nobody forced you '' . 
  we are germans . 
  our law forced us . 
  i think i 'm pretty moderate , too . 
  nonetheless this crysis shows me what it means to start to dislike your neighbours . 
  from britain turning its back on europe , to eastern europe denying to help with refugees . 
  the idea that there is nothing like `` the european idea '' grows more and more on me . 
  andthe feeling that the european idea is more like `` i 'll help you but only if there is something in for me , too ! '', 
  grows more and more in me . 
  btw . 
  : i think those countrys also think about germany in that way . 
  i generally have the feeling that `` the west '' is drifting more and more apart with trump being the strongest sign of that movement . 
  i would not wonder if our old alliances are completely gone in 10 years . 
  and i have no clue where all this is heading to . 
  some quiet voice inside me tells me from time to time : maybe all generations need a big war in their lifetime , to never forget the value of peace . 
  and nonetheless franconian weisswurst is much better than bavarian . 
  they arent even able to create a tasty weisswurst down there !, 
   they were not at your borders . 
  you could have helped turkey , lebanon , jordan with logistics . 
  it would actually have helped them break their social graph a little less . 
  closer to their country , closer to rebuilding it . 
  must be a joke , if you consider that we are doing this since years . 
  germany was in fact one of the very few countries that did n't cut their financial aid for the refugee camps . 
   international help . 
  there you go . 
  2 words , 2 seconds of inspiration . 
  not that hard to find . 
  i 'll give you the arrogant part : you could have thought of it yourself , what kind of international help do you fantasize about ? 
  is there any country who wants to help them without being forced to ? 
  we arent even able to sent someone from tunesia back because tunesia denies that he is a citizen as you can see on the example of anus amir . 
  so now they are `` syrians '' ? 
  just brave rebels that tried to get rid of their weakened leader . 
  that many of those rebel groups were based on terrorist groups from all over the region seems to be forgotten . 
  and that all of them got steamrolled by isis does also not matter . 
  just to get your consciousness free of the idea that a war that ruined 2 countries and killed millions of people may have something to do with this enormous rise of terrorism all over the globe . 
  basically everyone has lost someone to the war with the usa in this region . 
  but this has nothing to do with all this terrorists everywhere ... 
  well , at least we can talk to our grand parents about the matter . 
  my grandma told me - for example - that being a refugee is one of the worst things on earth . 
  nobody wants you , nobody cares for you but everybody wants you to disappear . 
  i see your reality . 
  but you would n't accept that it does n't matters . 
  you were talking about germany trying to spread its refugees over europe . 
  but deny to see the numbers . 
  we are talking about ~ 1 million refugees shared over 26 countries . 
  do you really think this would hurt too much , if everyone takes his fair share , depending on population and economy ? 
  i 'm not even sure if france would need to take more in this equation because you already got pretty many . 
  you are also still assuming that we 've invited them . 
  we did n't deport them back to syria . 
  that is our only mistake . 
  especially if you consider that nobody is taking them this is pretty absurd over all . 
  what is your suggestion should we do with a million refugees at our borders ? 
  in my opinion you are the one who is arrogant because you are demanding solutions without providing a single usable idea . 
  they did , and it did n't change anything . 
  it is still law based on a reality called world war 2 . 
  a war that should have teached most people something by now .
