  so there is still `` lebensraum im osten '' left ? 
  good for poland , i guess !, 
  damn . 
  sounds like you could become a millionaire pretty quick as a german brewmaster in finland by producing your own hops and creating a nice beer from it . 
  and dont forget about get those nice mushrooms and the weed is also very green there . 
  but how is this possible ? 
  you would go bankrupt in 2-3 month without a job when you life in a flat for example with 1000 pounds rent per month , a loan for your car and so on . 
  how is it possible to survive while searching for a new job ? 
  then i better dont mention that this is still not the cheapest available beer . 
  for example at lidl a bottle 0,5 l beer is at 29 cent . 
  but this should be also available in slovakia since there is lidl , too . 
  do n't they have this beer ? 
  its pretty ok if you need to save money . 
  so this is a good thing ? 
  not sure if `` german investment '' means that this companies suck spain dry . 
  but fair salary sounds good . 
  you only get 540 even if you had a good job for 20 years and paid hundreds of thousands in tax and social care money ? 
  does this not scale somehow to your last salary ? 
  because your biggest group of foreign born people are from india ( about 8 million all together ) : - india : 776,603 - poland : 703,050 - pakistan : 540,495 as a comparision germany ( from 10.4 million ) : - ex soviet states : 2.400.000 - turkey : 1.500.000 - poland : 1.100.00 much more if you count in migration background . 
  so i would n't say `` more than anywhere else '' . 
  what ? 
  10 liters of pretty fine beer start at 6 $ over here in franconia !, 
  no wonder ... we have the highest density of breweries in the world . 
  competition makes that stuff really cheap . 
  we also do n't like expensive beer , so we keep it cheap . 
  why always the poles ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  it feels like a discussion we had 30 years ago in germany . 
  are the old brits really so backward people ? 
  i do n't pay anything . 
  netflix pays them to make their offer more attractive . 
  and i have no problem with that . 
  especially if tv on demand is going to replace normal tv one day we absolutely need a enormous quality of service . 
  who should help this companies to provide this quality if not the isps ? 
  i think i do n't get the british welfare system . 
  even the poorest of the poorest ( hartz iv receivers ) get furniture including a tv and a washing machine over here . 
  even refugees . 
  is there nothing comparable in the uk ? 
  so they are loan sharks . 
  was not aware that this is still possible in a eu country . 
  then forget what i 've said . 
  what do you mean by poor and desperate ? 
  people who can not afford 30 $ -50 $ for a loan per month ? 
  why should they even consider to take a loan then ? 
  in winter all my fruits and vegetables are from spain now !, 
  so what ? 
  banks throw at you with personal loan without any requirements at you with a interest rate of 4 % . 
  thats not 3 times over 7 years , but only about 1,15 times , which is perfectly fine . 
  for example : for 20k $ you pay 22,93 $ . 
  just do n't take the deal this assholes want to give you and ask a bank specialized on loans . 
  nice . 
  i 'm going to play england in europa universalis 4 this evening , sack that province and burn it down . 
  i bet it looks just the same afterwards !, 
  its like eating cake for the first time . 
  so nice . 
  after a thousand cakes you will be fat and ugly and like the cake much less . 
  its still fine , but nothing special anymore . 
  make cake special again !, 
  the reason is that you get all the tourists from islamic countries and also from greece and so on . 
  a part fears terrorism . 
  and another part fears that they have to share their beaches and bitches in greece with all the refugees . 
  so i do n't think this will help spain for a long time . 
  would be nice , anyhow . 
  spain really deserves a good solution for all this problems . 
   do n't be dense . 
  everybody cares in a globalized economy . 
  they would never publish a negative word about their own institutes in this environment , making the whole publishing useless . 
  i came to the conclusion : if the fed is telling us something in this way : expect that the exact opposite they are trying to warn about is going to happen . 
  same goes for nearly any banker . 
  what they tell you and what they actually do is something very different in nearly all situations . 
  last example : brokers all over the world told us brexit will not happen -  many people believed them -  shitloads of money were earned . 
  but that is exactly how it is already . 
  since years . 
  for example netflix . 
  they get preferred routing since years . 
  and why not ? 
  i actually like to be able to watch netflix all the time , even when everything else has lag problems or something . 
  we had a big internet problem on the last thursday in germany . 
  first nothing worked and then everything was slow and we had dns problems everywhere . 
  but amazon prime and netflix were still working . 
  so why full net neutrality ? 
  who cares if some random web page gets a little bit slower ? 
  its more important that the web pages who actually need the throughput are getting them . 
  so who cares about opinion of the us government ? 
  they try to fuck up competition wherever possible . 
  and this is just another example . 
  i do n't think anybody still believes their opinion is worth anything beside taking it as a warning to make yourself ready for a horde of incoming lawyers and lawsuits to feed their lawsuit industry . 
  i wonder if there is anything that the us government is doing that is not motivated by making more money . 
  no wonder there are bubbles all over the place . 
  ireland has a corporation tax of 12.5 % if i remember correctly . 
  while you are at 20 % . 
  and they are not the only country . 
  so ... there are already many tax-oases within and outside the eu . 
  not sure why you think this is going to help so much and why you think other countries can not do the same thing , if business is moving away . 
  no , eur : usd having the same problems just shows how close the uk and eu was linked . 
  i think its more interesting how random racism is . 
  for one its enough that you are white to be superior to everything . 
  for another one you need to be from the `` race of the polish '' - whatever that may be - to be hated . 
  just look at this map of europe for the last 2000 years to see how absurd this is : http://www.euratlas.net/history/europe/2000/index.html, 
  oh come on .
