  and after all this is only 3 % of the german job market . 
  so nobody would rise an eyebrow if we v2 this thing ? 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  the arbeitsamt is willing to compensate the companies for taking a refugee that needs time to to atone to the german job market . 
  why do you think this is n't a great idea , when the refugee is at the same time earning money , paying taxes and whatever . 
  is n't this better then sitting around in a refugee shelter ? 
  sounds much cheaper for the german tax payer . 
  oh , i would n't go as far and describe britain as insignificant . 
  but maybe you are right . 
  hahaha . 
  so a 20 meter high statue does not need any kind of allowance from politicians ? 
  sure !, 
  i decide to get mad anyway . 
  it 's fucking stupid to even try to compare a carnival - that is by it 's very definition satiric - to a new statue of liberty for britain , that says fuck you to everyone on the continent . 
  fuck yourself . 
  that 's the thing . 
  they think they are really smart , you know . 
  hehehehe !, 
  i guess people were starving for a strong and nonetheless reasonable leader figure that has no fear to oppose wannabe strong-mans like trump . 
  strong and stable !, 
  guess that was the thing may was talking about all the time !, 
  because they are doing the same like in every election . 
  they basically do nearly nothing that even remotely remembers about campaigning . 
  they do n't even attack each other in a relevant way . 
  and i have no clue at this point what the difference between both parties is . 
  in my opinion they actively work together and only make the impression of trying to battling each other . 
  i even get the impression that they pass the ball to the `` enemy '' to make him score at a political topic only to steal votes from the other , smaller parties . 
  one is more focused at the left wing , the other one is more focused on the right wing , to syphon their voters . 
  at this point i would be thankful if they at least had a plan , no matter what . 
  it 's like mourning of a missing person . 
  you know the person is dead , but you ca n't start to get over it , before you know for sure , because you cling to the chance that some miracle could happen . 
  so communists with religion ? 
  even worse !, 
  haters gon na hate !, 
  so , when you are a part of the country/org you are part of the favour machine . 
  perfect !, 
  and i 'm looking forward to the moment when some left wing dudes ravage her face with some nice , tasteful graffiti . 
  eh ... are n't low oil prices a big part of the tactics used against russia ? 
  last time i looked the main reason the ussr ran out of money and broke down , was the low oil price . 
  the us even said they are going to use the same tactic again . 
  i 'd say it 's the exact opposite . 
  they want to prevent thinking in the style of `` if its so easy to leave the eu and there is no relevant downside : why do we even care ? '', 
   i know this is supposed to be about syria , but half of them were n't syrian and there is no way your country is sending them all back because there are just too many . 
  there will be a new excuse for this to happen again . 
  not only half . 
  i think it was up to 70 % but its happening nonetheless . 
  do you think a person with a rejected asylum is just allowed to stay ? 
  http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2016/01/asylantraege-dezember-2015.html it says a high number from iraq , syria and eritrea got asylum . 
  afghanistan was at 30 % , pakistan at 8 % , rest was zero or nearly zero . 
  all persons who are denied get the money to get home . 
  if they do n't take it , they are sent home by force , have to pay for the extraction and are never allowed to set foot in the eu . 
  this was only necessary in 25000 cases in 2016 . 
  most just took the plane and went home , say thanks for 1-2 years of free living and the money the received . 
  we deal with a high number of asylum-applications since many years : https://www.welt.de/img/politik/deutschland/mobile144027297/3931624567-ci23x11-w1280/dwo-ip-asylantraege-2015-antraege-aufm-jpg.jpg  it is such a waste of humanity to put us where we are unnecessary . 
  humans should be involved in human problems . 
  i know that not everyone can be a software engineer , but certainly wherever you need to translate a human idea into a product or explain to or manage people , we are the best ones to do that . 
  i agree . 
  i had my share of tedious jobs and i can only hope that humanity manages to replace them . 
  not sure if this is possible in manufacturing , though . 
  all interesting parts - beside design and engineering of said machines - are done by machines . 
   ai will never have initiative or creativity as we understand it , because any program must first be written and designed by humans . 
  not so sure . 
  ai is going very strange ways . 
  the first successful experiments made the ai act and do things , nobody has ever told it . 
  and most programmers do n't know for sure , because the ai was creating all kinds of `` neural connections '' . 
  so `` creativity '' being a human thing may be just another example for general human arrogance , because we ** want ** to believe - with all our heart - that we are special . 
   i think either both leaders will have to make sacrifices , or there will be a deadlock . 
  i believe you . 
  in germany we have a saying . 
  they tone makes the music . 
  nobody is saying we should n't bring sacrifices when we make a deal about thing like that . 
  but at the moment trump is n't trying to make a deal . 
  the opposite is true . 
  he makes the impression - using very nasty words of threat and insult - that we already have a deal and we should do our part to fulfill it . 
   if trump uses any kind of strategy here , it will be to play one part of the eu against the other . 
  he is due to visit poland soon before the g20 , and i expect we will see some of that there . 
  since he is doing this all the time , and also one of the main reasons why he is losing trust in germany , i 'd expect nothing less from him . 
  i can only hope that their hate for putin and trumps shady connection to him , makes them think twice . 
  the polish pm will kiss his feet , for sure . 
  but i think the people are not so fast with trusting him . 
  also : poland has far too big benefits from the eu . 
  so they will chose their reaction carefully . 
   when i say rational and pragmatic , remember that i 'm speaking from an american perspective . 
  a german may look at his actions and see a bumbling fool or madman due to our differing worldviews . 
  we are quite divided in our own country for the same reason . 
  at least we can all agree that the next eight years wo n't be boring . 
  eight years ? 
  let 's first see if he is making the first one , without impeachment . 
  then we can talk about imagining four . 
  i have not seen this , but it does n't suprise me . 
  everywhere merkel goes , there is an army of company-bosses going , too . 
  not sure if this is different in the us . 
  i also get that it 's easy to accept this picture of yourself . 
  you know , the one being exploited for personal gain . 
  to get a idea how it is the other way around , look at this : http://www.zeit.de/wirtschaft/unternehmen/2015-09/iphone-apple-steuern-europa google , amazon and so on are doing the same . 
  tax evasion at all cost . 
  cheap labor is btw also available in the the eu . 
  we have a lot of cheep labor countries . 
  all kinds of producers are making use of this : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:estimated_hourly_labour_costs,_2016_ ( eur ) _ yb17.png so if this is done everywhere in the world , and abused by the us just as heavily as by everyone else : not sure why they bitch !, 
   the alternative is that the wave comes and crushes you .
