  if i remember it right there were about 12 or so big shipments that are waiting to be exported for years and do n't get the green light from government . 
  the company paid all that money to produce that stuff and it hit them pretty hard . 
  they were close to bankrupt in cause of that . 
  saudi arabia is also pretty pissed . 
  they built a whole weapon factory to build 19 of 24 parts of a weapon ( not exactly sure on the numbers ) and get the important parts to complete that weapons from germany . 
  but now merkel has stopped this and the saudis sit on a factory they cant use . 
  by what definition ? 
  from your modern perspective maybe . 
  but beside neo-nazis being useless grunts they are actually no real danger to society . 
  they are ugly , loud and love to get themselves into fights . 
  but that 's it . 
  seriously , is anyone really afraid of those dudes ? 
  maybe if you are a foreigner , meeting them in a dark alley . 
  i did not try to say 6m brits are neo-nazi-skinheads . 
  for me the real nazis behave like well educated , normal people . 
  they have a nice home , a family with many kids and a clean , friendly neighborhood . 
  until suddenly a immigrant shelter is built close by and for the first time they are confronted with all those foreign and angry looking people with all their strange behaviours . 
  and instead of welcoming them , they react with irrational hate and fear . 
  they are much more dangerous because they not only bringing the real assholes into power by voting for them but also because they finance them silently . 
  as i said . 
  i take the numbers from uk polls . 
  ~ 4 million people voted for ukip alone in their last election . 
  and that was a while before brexit . 
  their popularity grew over time to said numbers , especially shortly before brexit . 
  i tend to agree that projecting the numbers of supporters of ukip directly on the brexit may lead to a not completely correct result . 
  but the overall logical conclusion ( * if i would vote for a far right wing extremist party that wants out of the eu i also vote for brexit * ) does not sound too wrong in general . 
  so why do you think 6 million `` far right voters '' is exaggerated ? 
  nazis were not just vandalizing skinheads . 
  most of them and especially their money sources were wearing a nice suite most of the time . 
  and a big part of them never got any blood on their hands or voted to kill people . 
  they may even never heard about the really bloody parts until it was too late . 
  they gave power to the devil and then wondered why everything got out of control . 
  what part is so hart to believe for you ? 
  that a huge part of brexit voters were brainwashed by anti eu propaganda and especially the dudes with low to no education voted for brexit ? 
  so either all dudes with eduction are leftist or they just check their facts before they swallow it . 
  and why is it so hard for you to believe that a huge part were right wing extremists ? 
  i mean , is it really so hard for you to read those ukip voters-statistics at brexit and add those other right wing extremists parties ? 
  or are you one of those guys who think `` i voted for the nazi party . 
  but i 'm no nazi . 
  i just voted because i wanted to damage the other parties . '', 
  there is nothing more clearly making you a nazi then voting for them . 
  everything else are just stupid excuses . 
  or was this jo cox statement so hard to swallow ? 
  because i just recently read that about 55000 twitter messages following the killing actually basically said it was a good thing . 
  and that is just twitter . 
  how many people use twitter ? 
  and what is wrong about the statement that old people were in favor of getting out because they think britain was doing better before the eu ? 
  its also clearly shown in statistics . 
  just like clinton was going to be the next president of the usa ? 
  just wait for the russian and later tumps propaganda machinery to kick in . 
  they are riding on a huge wave of success right now . 
  and i 'm sure trump is going to make the impression that he is n't as bad as he looked in the first place , which makes the people think `` maybe le pen is n't as bad as we thought ! '', 
  i bet it will be a closer race between le pen and fillon than you might believe now . 
  yes , its true . 
  the brexit-voters are a huge a pile of shit , consisting out of all sorts of stinking things . 
  i read a statistic that about 15-18 % of britain are basically nazi . 
  they all voted for brexit to let their nazi dreams come true . 
  that means about 30-35 % of the brexit votes were made by nazis who even applauded the killing of jo cox . 
  a huge part of the other 65 % consists out of old people who want their monarchy back . 
  glory for the empire . 
  `` oh , everything was better , when i was young '' . 
  and then there is a huge part who fell for farages `` the eu costs us one trillion pounds a day '' - lie . 
  so basically both are just idiots . 
  and then there are about 5-10 % of the brexit voters who actually know where this is heading to and who had a reasonable , rational reason . 
  they nonetheless bathing in the shitpile of all those nazis , monarchists and idiots and also stink . 
  because if they would have been smart they would have seen in what kind of boat they sit and tried to get out . 
  the trump network at work . 
  while farage manipulates the election in france , trump invites orban to the usa to drives a wedge into his relationship with the eu and to strengthen his position . 
  at the same time putin tries to overthrow montenegros government to install a puppet regime at europes backdoor . 
  good days !, 
  this does not exist in dresden !, 
  just as their ability to do kn\u00f6del properly . 
  no wonder you were disgusted !, 
  you really know how to cook !, 
  germans best germans !, 
  so you say this is latvian , too ? 
  sorry , but this is a german recipe !, 
  what is wrong with sonar and military corvettes ? 
  as far as i know our days sonar can even spot the smallest boats . 
  and if anyone can make it by swimming : he is welcome !, 
  do you know syria ? 
  there you can see how it can end if everyone fights the government and each-other . 
  being poor in cause of trade sanctions and without any worthwhile military partnerships beside russia can bring you there faster than you might think . 
  but ... bows ? 
  wikipedia say they have been built by the teutonic order . 
  i wonder if those star fortresses in netherlands we 've seen in the last days are built by the same . 
  was this their building style ? 
  or was this shape of an star some generalized way to built a fortress ? 
  so whats the point ? 
  erdogans `` coup '' , his crackdown on military , press and g\u00fclenists , his loudmouth politics , his blackmailing ... he already decided about a half year ago to stop caring for the eu . 
  and i cant blame him . 
  the same way he blackmailed us , we tried to blackmail him . 
  by stopping to care he has taken this leverage away . 
  but what could be considered a smart move seems to me not much more than `` i do n't give a fuck anymore ! '' . 
  because instead of acting clever he turns turkey into a dictatorship , tries to make love to russia while sending threats in the direction of europe . 
  the result will be - if this is going on - that europe uses the only leverage it still has : economic and travel sanctions and the spread of anti-erdogan propaganda and finally nato membership . 
  and all that while erdogan is already fighting kurds and isis . 
  i 'm not sure where this will end . 
  i 'm just hoping turkey does n't end up like syria . 
  so you say all our media is controlled by our government ?
