  both are obviously wrong and tend to extreme exaggeration while being completely unable to compromise . 
  why even waste your time on such a useless world-view ? 
  every normal person just thinks you 're crazy and a therefore waste of time . 
  but - those bottom 20 do n't get asylum , beside some dudes from afghanistan . 
  - afghanistan is n't the lowest . 
  - there are countries less safe who get no asylum so in fact ... you refuted nothing . 
  does n't answer the question . 
  why does she have a eu-hat ready for this speech ? 
  so one , close to the german embassy ? 
  did he work there ? 
  i support that we take syrian war refugees . 
  but i do n't support afghanistan as a generally unsafe country . 
  there is a limited unrest and conflict in some areas of afghanistan . 
  the rest of the country is much , much safer . 
  the means : not every afghan is in need of asylum . 
  asylum is for victims of prosecution . 
  not for living in an unsafe country . 
  because then we 'd need to grant even the americans asylum . 
  gun-death everywhere and the traffic is even more murderous . 
  i still see no active war all over afghanistan . 
  there is unrest in some specific parts of the country . 
  war is something completely different . 
  i also said there are unsafe parts . 
  that 's why there is 28 % acceptance rate and not 0 % . 
  you get that difference ? 
  hard hats are very fashionable recently !, 
  but granting asylum is not about being completely safe . 
  there are many , many countries even poorer and more unsafe then afghanistan . 
  and there is no active war going on any more . 
  look , i do n't say we should n't help people in need . 
  but i say - after we already took so many - it 's right to prioritize the people who need it the most first . 
  we can not help all of those 65 million refugees on earth . 
  so i think it 's right to say that people from afghanistan , who lived in a relatively safe part , should not be allowed to get asylum . 
  you see : its not 100 % rejection , but 72 % . 
  beside that : it was a afghan-truck-driver who tried to attacked a german embassy . 
  why do you think this means especially afghans are endangered ? 
  this is not really full of logic . 
  so , if it is arranged on short notice and she had no time to pick up the crown , why does she have a custom made eu-hat ready for this speech ? 
  do you have any sources for this story ? 
  because i hear hit a bit too often to actually believe it any more , without sources . 
  but why ? 
  good , we worked very hard and for many years , to make our part of afghanistan a safer place . 
  we also lost many soldiers lifes and even more got hurt . 
  i think it can not be justified that we consider this place a war zone , when we at the same time plan to withdraw our troops and say `` mission accomplished ! '', 
  afghanistan also is n't much different then many other countries in africa and the middle east . 
  there are safe places and there are - for some people - dangerous places . 
  but if i look at the bmi-statistics it seems like we 're already filtering out economic migrants . 
  the acceptance rate from people from afghanistan is at around 28 % since 2015 . 
  the only thing we need now is to be able to deport those other 72 % . 
  looks like this time has come . 
  i 'm not sure how my comment ended up at this position . 
  let me make it clear !, 
  edit : now , look !, 
  i added a `` denmark '' . 
  does that mean this is harder for countries who actually receive eu funds , because they 'd receive less ? 
  sneaky !, 
  but ... this is about denmark !, 
  sorry , but you can get this impression pretty easily : http://www.politico.eu/article/meet-denmarks-new-anti-islam-anti-immigration-anti-tax-party-nye-borgerlige-new-right-pernille-vermund/ if i 'm right the ruling party is this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_people%27s_party also anti-immigrant and seemingly anti-refugee . 
   yes , and without a gun that is still true , you know . 
  guns do n't make people criminal . 
  no , it does n't . 
  but normal people with criminal energy that do n't own a gun are far less dangerous and most probably chose to just live a normal live instead of putting themself through the risk i just described . 
   what about switzerland , huh ? 
  if your hypothesis was true switzerland would be a criminal cesspool . 
  do you know what does matter more the absolute poverty difference in switzerland , the us and germany . 
  switzerland is indeed interesting . 
  because gun related crime is also higher then in germany ( per 100.000 ) . 
  :d edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate so , gun related murder and suicide is 3 times as high . 
  that is exactly how you keep crime low . 
  there are by far less `` serious '' criminals than normal persons . 
  ever heard of the proverb : `` opportunity makes a thief '' ? 
  this simple fact is the reason why there are many times more gun-related crimes/murders per 100.000 inhabitants in the us then in germany . 
  this is only correct for career criminals , though . 
  a normal person does not just `` know a dude '' . 
  sorry , but from a lawmakers perspective this is not right . 
  the more crimes you have to commit , to work towards your real target , the harder it becomes . 
  lets say you want to rob a bank with a car and a gun . 
  now you need to get yourself this gun illegally . 
  you look in the underground for a weapons dealer and eventually even tell all kinds of shady dudes about it to make some connections . 
  all this happens with the risk of getting caught - because there are potential police informants everywhere and known criminals and mobsters are also often monitored . 
  so the chance is high that you wont even get a gun before you get caught . 
  next thing is the car . 
  you need a car you can get rid of and that has no connection to you . 
  you can eventually rent it , but that would need and forged id or something . 
  or you can steal it . 
  all this things are also dangerous . 
  someone could watch you stealing it . 
  your id forgery could be too bad , so you get caught . 
  so if guns were n't illegal and you 'd be allowed to buy/rent a car without id then a bank robbery would be much , much easier . 
  sorry , you 're out !, 
  but it sounds like he did n't even get visited from his children anymore because she locked him in somewhere . 
  and now orban ? 
  this woman is crazy . 
  hmm ... turk ... plenty of ... soft things . 
  what ? 
  sounds like someone really put him through hell in his older days . 
  i deleted my post because it was written in the wrong tone and contained misleading information . 
  sorry for that . 
  the one number are `` first-applicants '' . 
  the other numbers are the people that `` really '' are in the country .
