   you should try checking the date , year old articles are news . 
  that was the time this things happened . 
  the refugee crysis happened 2015-2016 in europe . 
  the thing the eu wanted to change was to not allow erdogan to abuse his anti terror law to silence and jail journalists , because it made you a terrorist is you even spoke to one . 
  this does have nothing to do with you `` suffering '' and do n't helps to ease your burden . 
  it 's just a way for erdogan to silence all press and to make you hear only what you 're allowed to hear . 
  and you say it yourself : you do n't want to accept the criteria of the treaty ? 
  then do n't complain if there is no treaty . 
  do you think turkish citizens have a right by birth to walk free in our countries , or what ? 
  took me a second of googling to find out that you 're lying http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/15/turkey-misses-deadline-visa-free-travel-eu-ambassador-withdraw obviously you just were n't able to meet the criteria . 
  what i get now : why is germany so powerful why is france so popular why is hungary called hungary why is russia so big why is sweden so liberal times have changed !, 
  she looks exactly like such a person should look . 
  strange . 
  as there is a `` how to look , to match the stereotype '' - professional , who designs her foto, 
  should i know her ? 
  or do you want to give me proof , that there are stupid people on this planet ? 
  why should anyone working in one of the countless boring jobs go to work if he does n't need to ? 
  because he was grown like this ? 
  well , then i 'm very sorry for him . 
  he did n't even say a word about crimea in this interview . 
  and the le figaro let him pass by not asking a single question about it . 
  that 's russians policy since the beginning . 
  so sorry , if they do n't make a very independent impression to me . 
  russia tries to let grass grow over this and to make the public forget why we are opposing putin , to the point where the public opinion shifts to `` why arent we friends '' again . 
  with forged i mean answers that have been talked about in front of the interview , giving putin time to think about what he wants to answer and to deny questions . 
  this makes him look smart , while reality is that a team of people worked hard to make every single sentence as good as possible . 
  this makes the interview useless if you want to find out anything relevant , because they let you hear exactly what they want you to hear . 
  additionally this whole interview makes zero sense , because he described the motivation of the west completely wrong and according to his propaganda , while reality is that all we want is him giving crimea back and taking his false-flag soldier back . 
  and since the le figaro allowed him to do so , i have to say that without knowing this newspaper i get the strong impression that they are no valuable part of the press . 
  exactly . 
  there is nothing in place that forces you to live on the street , beside yourself . 
  because our poor people still have the right to live in a flat , the right to get a tv , a washing machine , get money for clothing and some other basic luxuries . 
  there must be at least a little bit of motivation to go to work , is n't it ? 
  because if the only difference is having better food and a bigger place to live ( there are hartz iv flat that have around 60-70m \u00b2 , because flats are pretty cheap around here ) , why should you go to work at all ? 
  i think this is a personal opinion . 
  when i watched the reaction to the attack in berlin i got the reaction that they were pretty cool headed . 
  interesting . 
  so were there so much wheat-farms around germany , in the last 2000 years ? 
  i knew that ukraine is pretty big in growing wheat . 
  but germany ? 
  had expected something about hops or wood-related . 
  they do n't even talk about crimea . 
  this interview is obviously forged and therefore useless . 
  we had and have the same issues with hartz iv . 
  currently it seems to be very healthy for our economy . 
  why do we not contribute enough in your opinion ? 
  because we do n't fight in iraq and syria ? 
  because that is the place where uk blows out the biggest amount of money . 
  so what value has your so called contribution if you do n't use it for europe 's defence ? 
  instead you play whack a mole in iraq and syria and fail hard . 
  let me at this position say thank you for isis , the successors of the baath party , you dismantled so successfully !, 
  and thanks for all the refugees fleeing from isis , you are not willing to take responsibility for , but blame germany because we `` invited '' them . 
  and thanks for the terrorists making us a target because we decided to participate in the fight against isis . 
  to me it looks you have done much more damage to our safety then you helped . 
  also : let us count the boatloads of money we pay for refugees , including the bribes for turkey and north african states , into our nato-contribution and then compare again . 
  the more i think about nato the more i look forward to dismantling it . 
  it 's true that germany does not contribute enough . 
  but more important for me is how it 's abused as justification to drag the members into war after war . 
  the nato is no longer a defence union . 
  it 's used as a justification to place our troops in countries like turkey and afghanistan and was used for quite a few interventions . 
  by going in and accepting for example afghanistan as a nato mission we 're now a easy target for populists like trump . 
  because when they say `` contribute '' they do n't talk about defence against russia or defence for europe . 
  they talk about a more active combat role in interventions that have nothing to do with the idea of nato . 
  and by that we are forced to spent billions for a game of whack a mole that leads to nothing , but more and more evil moles to whack . 
  i think it would be healthier for europe to create it 's own defensive union . 
  to fill the gap we could even talk about creating a anti-terror-alliance with a clear mission . 
  a sch\u00e4uble is only bad for you if he is n't on your site . 
  ok , lets talk about it . 
  but in another thread please . 
  because the term `` rule of law '' has not even the slightest bit to do with this . 
  so it 's low quality because you chose to ignore the important part ? 
  i for myself think this was a pretty good and clear answer to this stupid bullshit . 
  i get why you might not like it though . 
  many people do n't like anything to interfere with their opinion . 
  not even reality . 
  i think after looking at the height of french corporate taxes that french could need a nice breeze of neo-liberalism . 
  tax rate is up to 10 % higher then germany . 
  and that is n't even the effective tax rate . 
  and there are many not as clearly visible factors . 
  for example : the bigger companies in the german industry basically pay nearly nothing for power . 
  the larger the usage , the less the money they have to pay . 
  while private persons pay around 25-30 cent , the bigger companies only pay 6 cent . 
  i do n't know much about economy . 
  but this factors seem to me like a very clear reason why france has some problems at the moment . 
  ca n't even imagine the amount of bureaucracy you need not only to negotiate the treaties itself but also to make sure that all involved parties comply with the terms , create statistical data on the results , only to renegotiate it in a few years when it runs out . 
  sounds like a job for ten-thousands of bureaucrats . 
  you always find a expert for the thing you want to proof , if you look long enough . 
  there are `` experts '' who tell you the earth was created 10000 years ago . 
  and there are experts who tell you the world is a disc . 
  so lets use the term `` expert '' a bit less inflationary . 
  in this case there is n't even any need to listen to a expert . 
  she is trying to change environmental safety laws from mandatory to voluntarily . 
  not correcting it . 
  not improving it . 
  not adjusting it into a better direction . 
  she turns the planets safety from mandatory to voluntarily . 
  why on earth do you need an expert to get the idea that this is wrong and morally despicable , especially for a first world leader ? 
  have you read my link ? 
  because there it 's made clear that may had indeed a different stance before she decided to be trumps puppet . 
  let me cite that for you :  the leaked documents , obtained by greenpeace 's energydesk , show the uk tried to make a policy designed to improve energy efficiency -- reducing greenhouse gas emissions and making goods cheaper to run for consumers -- voluntary rather than mandatory .
