   you want to make an incredibly complex project more complex by adding more people ? 
  no , i do n't want the project cooking on the lowest possible flame to keep the yearly costs as low as possible . 
  with a big enough team you could split the project up into easily chewable pieces , with all parts coming together at the end , while you keep each team separated and therefore with manageable complexity . 
  a simplified example what i 'm talking about are prefabricated house-parts . 
  but you ca n't do this , if there is not enough money to pay multiple teams , suppliers and so on . 
  i realize that . 
  that does n't change the fact that the `` legal '' way he took into power is now much more problematic and the steps he took after being elected to change the country into a dictatorship are almost impossible now . 
  certain laws are also no langer changable . 
  with enough money they could have built and tested multiple coils/magnets/whatever from different manufacturers simultanously . 
  hell , they could 've even manufactured this things themselves . 
  why do we even need a fucking budget for a project like this ? 
  this technology could be our future . 
  but instead we fuck around with bureaucracy and budget restriction that force them to stupid things like a `` maximum yearly budget '' , so that 10 billion become a easy chewable 500 million per year . 
  the result is that instead of 1-2 years construction time , we have 20 . 
  and what now ? 
  the next project is being planned , building on the things we 've learned from this one , taking another 20 years most certainly . 
  at this speed we will have our first fusion reactor ready at 2050-2060 . 
  its obviously no problem on facebook , though . 
  or did i get that part wrong ? 
  ( \u2609 \u0303\u2092 \u2609 ) and you are obviously not the brightest one . 
  thanks for your insights !, 
  very convincing chain of reasoning . 
  the term `` volk '' also means you need an public audience . 
  i 'm not completely sure , but i think you can say to your friends in private whatever you want . 
  but if its defined as a `` versammlung '' , so basically a public gathering of persons with the intention of sharing opinions , then its forbidden . 
   to instead force private entities to act as judge and executioner is , as far as i know , new . 
  how do you even come to the conclusion i 'm saying this ? 
   see , this is where you make a false distinction . 
  these things are not abused as instruments of oppression , they are instruments of oppression . 
  no , because it 's simply not oppression at all if you have the same effective rights as the police officer . 
  hate-speech is anything anti-lgbt , racist stuff and so on . 
  its not forbidden to say something racist . 
  volkverhetzung is the next level . 
  its incitement . 
  the difference is `` i hate dark people ! '', 
  to `` let 's kill some dark people ! '', 
  nonetheless it 's considered as a limitation . 
  you can not insult mutti in the same way you can insult trump . 
  you can not even say `` du '' to an police officer in germany . 
  in countries like north korea this things are abused as an instrument of oppression . 
  that 's why they are a relevant to measure freedom of speech and are a necessary parts for many countries - especially in the anglosphere . 
  so this is now about suppression of culture ? 
  because there is a lot of eu money going directly into preserving local culture and clubs who try to preserve this . 
  it 's even the eu 's motto : https://europa.eu/european-union/about-eu/symbols/motto_en in his theory , according to wikipedia , i also see no contradiction to the eu . 
  the contradictions comes into existence for one reason : because ** you ** call the eu `` supranational government '' and imply some kind of `` superstate '' . 
  without this premise his theories are suddenly meaningless . 
  since the eu is de facto no such superstate , i can not accept to apply anthony d smith theories to the eu . 
  and even if the eu `` integration '' is becoming stronger for some countries in the future , the eu is still not one state , but a federation of independent states , with some common policies they agree to cooperate on . 
  wrong translation . 
  volksverhetzung does not mean hate speech . 
  you should really differentiate between oppression and feeling like being oppressed . 
  this is democracy . 
  the downside of a democracy is that your government and your press tells you what to think , if you do n't care about informing yourself . 
  if they do n't like something from brussels some countries leaders tent to draw the eu as a the big bad bogeyman , while reality is that the eu can not force your government to anything . 
  just look at the current refugee distribution bullshit . 
  even if a treaty has been previously approved by a majority , the harshest reaction from the eu is threatening them with a fine . 
  ** a fine . 
  ** not destroying your country and turning your cities into glass . 
  probably nobody . 
  this laws are more about preventing that someone like the nsdap is getting elected into power in the first place . 
  and if they manage it anyway to cut their ability to do harm . 
  i mean it was n't a military coup or something . 
  they came into power through a normal vote and were able to change the constitution/law in any way they wanted . 
  not sure what you 're trying to tell me . 
  we 'll , they would be able to put out some propaganda . 
  but when they convince everybody to burn some books and to kill some jews , they 'll be put in jail . 
  so , together with a lot more laws specifically directed at people like them , i 'm pretty sure this can not happen inside the current law . 
  they 'd need an military coup or something similar . 
  but that has many more implications . 
  not free speech in the meaning of the word , though . 
  you are not allowed to verbally insult people . 
  and you 're not allowed to incinerate people into killing each-other . 
  only if this two parts would n't exist we 'd have full free speech . 
   you 're either for free speech and the freedom of one 's own conscience , or you 're against it . 
  there is no middle ground in this debate . 
  but there obviously are middle grounds . 
  there is a lot of difference in personal freedom and the amount of freedom of speech between north korea and germany . 
  i 'm not sure if it is my problem , that you do n't want to see this . 
  as with everything its not only black and white . 
  you 're right to say that free equals `` 100 % '' . 
  it 's an absolute state . 
  but this knowledge is in reality completely meaningless , because close to 100 % is better then close to 0 % . 
   no , not ` please ' . 
  the british empire did far worse than anything the nazis ever did maybe . 
  but why does this matter in this context ? 
  it happened overseas and basically secretly . 
  they were blockading trade routes to starve them to death . 
  and to stop news from travelling you just had to watch the post office and the telegraph . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njrmjscxgxu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrrg43wbbig its a world of a difference to send your soldiers blockading trade routes to turning a entire country into maniac killing machines through propaganda and fake news . 
   this paragraph is a mindfuck of contradictory statements to me it is not . 
  the thought is that normal people should be allowed to say anything they want , with two restrictions . 
  the important one is `` volksverhetzung '' , which basically means to appeal to people in public that they should go out and kill/hurt other people . 
  i see not a single valid reason why that should be allowed . 
   worse , we had john major , queen victoria and winston churchill please . 
  we have no free speech in germany . 
  and we will never have . 
  and in may opinion it 's fine , as long as you 're not hurting the basic idea of free speech . 
  i think you need your own g\u00f6bbels and hitler first , before you understand that the right to say everything , can be damaging to your society and the brains of your citizens . 
  nonetheless i heard 80 % are in favour . 
  beside being conservative we also have a `` if nobody gets hurt , why should i care ? '',
