  guess i wasted my time on this . 
  at first you need to look at the persons complaining . 
  gabriel from germany . 
  kern from austria . 
  both social democrats . 
  both parties with good connections to russia . 
  their old boss schr\u00f6der is also now something important at gazprom and a close friend of putin . 
  and its not even true that they are mostly germany companys . 
  shell for example is n't german and many of the others are n't , too . 
  they just lobby putin . 
   maybe you should n't ... fostering a vast dependence on energy from a plutocratic petrol state that violates other nations sovereignty !, 
  did that really just come from an american ? 
  hehe !, 
  they are not really silent at the moment . 
  and i 'm not talking about german media . 
  i 'm talking about / r/europe . 
  they are toothless because we rely on russian gas . 
  maybe you have solution ? 
  that 's not wrong . 
  they did not like it . 
  and in germany schr\u00f6der is also seen as a pretty shady person . 
  i for myself like to blame ukraine for making the pipeline through their country unreliable but also admit that we should adjust to recent developments in 2014 and that we need to think about alternative solution . 
  ** but ** what i 'm actually talking about is the timing . 
  i heard nothing about this project for years . 
  and now suddenly everyone starts questioning it again ? 
  shorty before the us makes their new sanctions public ? 
  that sounds a lot like media manipulation to me . 
  after discussing the whole day about why the ee do n't want refugees that seems a very bold statements to me . 
  maybe the worst in the western part is over . 
  but thanks to ee i 'm afraid that italy will get really pissed . 
  so while 5 * was losing in the last days , that may change very quickly . 
  before that we need to become independent from russia . 
  that would mean to get around 30.000.000.000 m \u00b3 gas from somewhere else . 
  can you tell us how this would work ? 
  i just looked up the numbers . 
  the biggest tankers for lng are at 266.000 m \u00b3 , most are smaller . 
  lets say 250.000 . 
  that means 120.000 tankers would have to visit germany . 
  so 330 per day . 
  but look . 
  the global lng fleet is at 433 . 
  so , maybe you have an idea that is not lng ? 
  because to me it seems it would n't even work for poland . 
  edit : fixed the numbers . 
  so what now ? 
  stop the pipeline to depend on a pipeline through a country at war ? 
  that would be even more stupid . 
  or should we do it like poland and built lng ? 
  you know , the thing that destroyed trust in a 50 year old trade relation and that forced russia to built pipelines to china and india ? 
  this things are ready by 2020 and that means even before the polish terminal is ready , they become completely independent from europe . 
  this stupid ee-kindergarten-diplomacy , only based on blind hate , is going to destroy any diplomatic relation we 've built since 2014 . 
  and the only one profitting will be the usa . 
  and you think that will result in russia leaving ukraine ? 
  or stop the meddling with your internal affairs ? 
  hahaha . 
  that will be funny to watch by 2020 . 
  ee is again nothing but a puppet fighting against being played , while already being played from two different hands they do n't even notice . 
  yes , and its ukraines very own fault . 
  that 's what happens if you proof to be unreliable . 
  there would be not the slightest need for a new pipeline if they would n't steal gas and shut it down whenever they need to make a deal with russia . 
  do n't even try to make the impression you have a clue you know what you 're talking about . 
  go trolling somewhere else . 
  i do n't think so . 
  lng terminals do n't grow on trees . 
  takes at least 2-3 years . 
  the same is true for pipelines . 
  and those efforts would n't go unnoticed and provoke a strong reaction for meddling with a 40-50 years old reliable trade route . 
  by that time russia would be also independent through alternative pipelines . 
  i also ask myself the question why all this pipeline articles pop up 2 week before the us tries to impose this sanctions . 
  i 'm not into conspiracy theories . 
  but it looks like someone started to heat up the atmosphere to level the field for this . 
  i 'm not sure where this will lead to . 
  but it seems hand-tailored to put a lot of pressure on germany from ee and the usa . 
  the same is valid the other way around . 
  ee is unable to show solidarity for italy and greece 's refugee problem and by that undermining unity . 
  selling out ee means , bypassing ukraine . 
  a country that has multiple times shut pipelines down during winter to blackmail russia . 
  i also suspect some strong us meddling in this sudden spike of interest . 
  very strange coincidence that all kinds of ee-dudes start to support lng and bring up this old topic . 
  and all this articles start to pop up about 2 weeks ago , before the us starts to implement this sanctions . 
  very strange indeed . 
  yes , i think in the end that would be better for anyone . 
  but i 'm sure stopping nordstream 2 would result into a pretty nasty escalation . 
  not sure how that could be stopped from happening . 
  actually i have the feeling i smell a breeze of merkels meddling in this sanctions against russia . 
  will be very interesting to see her reaction . 
  the thing all people in the ee want to see is a big gun directed at putin . 
  but germany 's power is not based on military . 
  so we can not pacify ukraine . 
  we can not change anything about crimea . 
  all germany has to offer is diplomatic and economic pressure . 
  and this economic pressure is at the moment target of russia and the usa . 
  seems like we have to make a choice between three options : 1 . 
  going on with nordstrom 2 . 
  building a pipeline to qatar and the new gas-field around cyprus . 
  buying lng from the us . 
  not sure , but building the facilities lng would be a huge project . 
  nothing compared to poland or baltic states lng terminals . 
  alone germany needs about 30 times the gas of poland . 
  read about it somewhere that the price is meant to double if we built the necessary infrastructure .
