  i do n't think so . 
  automation is the great equalizer . 
  if everything is affordable , what does it matter how rich you are ? 
  and i 'm not even sure what kind of jobs you talk about . 
  are you aware of the unemployment in the us , uk or germany ? 
  it 's not that they 're without work , so please stop making this impression . 
  some of them just lost their super high-paying jobs in the car industry and now work in a automated factory and earn a bit less . 
  poor dudes . 
  cry me a river . 
  i know the comparison because a friend of mine was making exactly this transition . 
  it 's not like he is poor now . 
  a bit less money but a lot of less stress , too . 
   they lived in a technological boom but the next one will see less new jobs more replacement by technology . 
  then the result is the same as with globalization . 
  instead of replacing dudes in the us with dudes from china , they replace them with robots . 
  so where is the difference ? 
  the old times with loads of jobs in production lines will not come back . 
  there will be robots . 
  i do n't think we have this problem over here . 
  so maybe its the fault of their government , taking a bit too much and giving a bit too less from the gigantic income they have ? 
  maybe a more social redistribution of wealth would take care of that problem ? 
  you can not chose to embrace pure capitalism and then blame globalization . 
  capitalism always comes with the danger of poverty . 
  example : rich people syphon enormous amounts of money out of the market , while a whole industry dies because their taxes are 3 % too high to stay profitable . 
  why is it so hard to see the solution ? 
  if you play the protectionism card , you have as much downsides as you have upsides . 
  maybe he can get back manufacturing jobs in certain segments . 
  but what about all the other stuff ? 
  a company that produces low cost plastic toys who are only as cheap as they are in cause of china ? 
  clothing that is so cheap that you only can produce it in mexico ? 
  all those cheap vegetables and meat ? 
  this companies operate on a very thin line between profit and bankrupcy . 
  5 % more and its no longer profitable . 
  high import taxes could destroy them . 
  and who would lose the most in this case ? 
  the poor and the middle class . 
  to me it seems pretty obvious that those with a low/average income are the biggest winners of globalization , while rich people do n't care anyway . 
  the gap between poor and rich is as irrelevant as never before . 
  poor people can watch tv just like rich people . 
  poor people eat chicken , fish and shrimps , just like rich people . 
  poor people can afford modern and nice clothing , just like rich people . 
  its not the ecological farmland chicken cooked by a master-chef , or dolce and gabana cloths or a 4k tv . 
  but it 's not as far as 100 or even 50 years ago , where poor people had meat once a week and fixed their clothing instead of buying new one . 
  and do n't forget all those jobs in these companies . 
  while the manufacturing is done in china , the high quality jobs often stay in the usa . 
  design , public relations , engineering , software development and it services . 
  and its no movement if they are already ruling the country . 
  it 's happening right now !, 
   so u say the attacker was planning and following and basically stalking some german school trip to attack them when camera is not on ? 
  just to spit on them and say sth like muslim pig or whatever they said ? 
  do u understand how ridiculous that sounds ? 
  its a indicator , that the person saw the muslim girls and spontanously planned this spit attack . 
  i know every camera exactly in my hometown . 
  so why should he not ? 
  it 's not really hard to wait 5 minutes until they walk in a street with no survaillance and are relatively alone . 
   then when they came with translator they took the accusations seriously . 
  the girls and the polish women told the press that they were laughed at and and no report was made . 
  so how could that be called `` seriously '' ? 
  what is going on with you ? 
   butchered by radical muslims blablabla . 
  irrational hate and fear . 
  last year 11 persons in germany died in cause of radical muslims . 
  thousands of people died another unnatural cause . 
  a rational and sane person would come to the conclusion that traffic , vodka and fat food is much more dangerous than muslim terror . 
  the make this clear : the chance to get hit by muslim terror is as high as getting strucked by lightning . 
  better look up , next time you leave your house !, 
  yes , there are a few cameras . 
  according to your site around 10 in lublin . 
  but i 'm talking about 100 % camera coverage . 
  if there is not 100 % , there is no proof that nothing happened . 
  simple as that . 
  it could have happened in a small street or somewhere with no surveillance . 
  in a city like london i take that as proof , because there are cameras nearly everywhere . 
  but not in lublin . 
  since the attacker was a pole with a criminal intent , he could have planned the attack and chosen a place without cameras . 
  logical way to do it . 
  since he ran at the girls , we have a indicator that he followed them and waited for a good moment to charge them . 
  i also read these articles . 
  you are aware that a big parts of these accusations are about the police ? 
  according to the witnesses they laughed at them and denied testimony . 
  how in the world could there be ever a testimony if your police first did not understand the kids , and then laughed at them at a police station , when they came again together with their polish speaking guardian ? 
  lublin , the city where this happened . 
  i checked the city through countless pictures from the inner parts , the park and google street view . 
  almost no cameras . 
  do n't make up facts to feel better . 
  i loved the old [ 1000 dm ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/1000_dm_serie3_vorderseite.jpg ) note . 
  especially the [ backside ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/1000_dm_serie3_rueckseite.jpg ) . 
  it really felt nice and valuable to have one in your hands . 
   you deny them the support of the people by listening to and solving peoples problems . 
  that could also be written on a propaganda poster of the nsdap !, 
  :p you 're right , but where did i say `` we are safe '' ? 
  i used words like `` almost '' , `` problematic '' and `` obstacles '' . 
  so please do n't call me naive , just because you have problems reading . 
  i 'm also sure a military coup would not protect this law from getting removed . 
  but if they try the legal way , like the last time , this is much harder now . 
  well with modern standard he would n't even be allowed to found a party . 
  and even if he would have this party would 've been forbidden, 
  so you think they build one part and only then know how the second part needs to be build ? 
  as if one ring leads to some knowledge about how to build the second one ? 
  and i 'm the one being ridiculous ?
