  refugee crisis is your fuck up . 
  you were unable to condemn isis , while being responsible for the defence of iraq , another non-nato-operation . 
  isis is founded by the fucking baath party . 
  leave us alone . 
  yes , i think this is worth it . 
  if your population does not like a agreement , that is based on such a fundamental human right as refugee protection , signed by the majority of eu countries , maybe then this is the right thing to do . 
  either you accept the democratic process , or you do n't . 
  especially because this is not the only thing . 
  the anti-lgbt and anti-abortion-movements inside the visegrad 4 is another sign that there are big ideological differences . 
  maybe big enough to better not try a political unification . 
  this values are far too important to sacrifice them . 
  then look up the statistics . 
  nearly no one - since mid 2016 - is coming over the mediterranean sea . 
  do n't even start to take this xenophobic fear-mongering serious . 
  you will face all kinds of excuses , backed up with expecting the worst case to happen all the time . 
  they do n't want it , because they are scared . 
  that 's all . 
  i agree . 
  this mindset is seriously mind-boggling alienating . 
  seeing racism in countries that suffered themself so extremely from it is really strange to watch from outside . 
  they behave like kids who have been beaten by their wannabe-parents - nazis and ussr - and now start to beat their own children . 
  their cultural progress and sense for responsibility is stuck at 50-60 years ago . 
  as in any democracy the few should accept the decision mate by who won the vote . 
  those who do n't want to accept this have the option : facing repercussions or doing their own thing . 
  that 's the very idea of a democratic union . 
  sometime it hurts . 
  if you do n't want the pain and only take the gain , then you are the the classical role-description of a moocher . 
  and who wants to unite with a moocher ? 
  yes , i , living in the western part of germany have a similar picture of eastern germany . 
  people tend to follow the extremes more easy and tend a bit more to being activistic and fast with their reaction . 
  the west on the other side is often a bit too lazy when it comes to politics . 
  as long as they are fine , not without work and having no other problems with the state they are mostly in line with the government . 
  they remember me a bit about a cozy dog , sleeping on the floor . 
  when a noise comes along , they open an eye , take a look and then go on sleeping , if its nothing too hazardous . 
  you fear iran . 
  thats why you tolarate whabasdmasdsfd . 
  saudi religion . 
   ca n't the machine be more complex ( especially since it 's doing more complex things than before ) and thus harder to operate ? 
  is n't knowing how to drive a forklift more complex than just carrying stuff by hand ? 
  you are right , i 'm not sure if its happening all the time . 
  it 's a bit of anecdotal knowledge on my side . 
  more complex machines may still need skilled workers . 
  the machines i know have a start and a stop button and display a warning/error in case of a problem and some statistics to see if the machine gets slower for a reason - for the normal worker . 
  a mechanic sees more and is able to access more settings . 
  but you do n't need many of them . 
   where is the competition poaching workers because they can pay them a bit ( or a lot ) more and still make a big profit . 
  doubling the wages and increasing prod.x10 is still increasing your profits 5 times over . 
  not necessarily , when every machine costs millions of dollars . 
  for example : do you know those razors with changeable blades ? 
  every 2-3 years there is a new model . 
  what happens then ? 
  upgrade for a machine ? 
  new machine , because the old model is still necessary for a while and the life-time of such a machine is at about 10 years . 
  so staying competitive means all new machines every few years . 
  one worker watches about 3 of those machines . 
  so the wage does count not really much in this calculation . 
   this is what happened , historically , wages went up along with productivity because the work produced had more value . 
  some of that value was retained by the employers but some went to the employees . 
  i agree . 
  but i 'm still not sure if robots/automats need to be counted as workers , too . 
  not sure how they counted this growth . 
  is it counted as a wage decrease if you hire a person under a different job description ? 
  first one was hired as `` engineering super dude '' the other one is called `` dumb ape '' . 
  if the wage gets 3 % more next year , overall the wages for `` dumb apes '' grow and the other one is unchanged . 
  a graph about how much the german workers earned all-together would be interesting . 
   the base of it is that if you have too much of a difference between your productivity and the salary you pay out , a competitor will propose higher wages because he would be able to afford them while still making a profit . 
  this happens until an equilibrium between wages and productivity is reached . 
  1 worker produces 10 units . 
  then comes a automated machine . 
  now he produces 100 units . 
  productivity increased by factor 10 , wage stays the same . 
  next week the boss asks : why do we need an highly paid skilled worker ? 
  this work can be done by an ape . 
  worker fired , ape earns 50 % less . 
  now your connection between wage and productivity starts to work again . 
  if the ape gets a job somewhere else with a higher salary he could change . 
  nonetheless would this sudden spike in productiveness create an enormous falsification in your graph . 
  competitiveness is in this phase especially influenced by the investment into new technology , not the workforce . 
  not sure if it 's also responsible for the assumption that wages go down . 
  the al qaeda manifest from 2005 states something different . 
  they do n't care for our fear or new laws . 
  their war goal was to provoke a counter attack , that would result in a uprising in the muslim countries . 
  they planned to have caliphate by 2020 . 
  i mean ... we are close to finally stopping isis . 
  but it 's scary how close they came to reach this goal . 
  their scheduling was very close and even somewhat predicted the arab spring . 
  it 's fine , no problem !, 
  maybe someone could enlighten us !, 
  not sure what they try to say !, 
  but i bet it makes a lot of sense !, 
  :d why does it not say a single word about automation ? 
  how is a company replacing 1000 workers with 10 fitting in this picture of `` competitive firms who alter the number of workers to bring wages and productivity in line '' ? 
  but i 'm not saying this to hurt anyone . 
  i 'm just not sure what they mean . 
  and even after a bit of googling i found not much . 
  i mean i heard about this from hungary before : https://www.euractiv.com/section/central-europe/news/hungary-praised-for-helping-german-reunification/ not about the role of czechoslovakia and poland , though . 
  i mean its a monument for the visegrad four . 
   because wages should increase with productivity ? 
  i do n't see that connection between wages and productivity . 
  automation in nearly any existing factory decreases the need for labour and the workers are no longer skilled , but unskilled workers who basically just watch a machine doing it 's thing and call the mechanic when it breaks down .
