  that minimum is six . 
  otherwise small countries would have no influence at all . 
  also : the vote is not per country , but per mep . 
  so those 6 dudes of luxemburg can never block anything alone . 
  im not talking only about germany though . 
  there is certainly a limit to potential exports and imports even more . 
  but if uk is gone with a hard brexit , there is lots of new potential available suddenly . 
  sure !, 
  thats why the european parliament has six dudes and dudettes from luxemburg . 
  and 73 from uk . 
  though this kind of fuckups do have nothing to do with governing yourself . 
  you could have implemented them before as a part of the eu . 
  it was 15 % from getting le pen in france . 
  and sure this would 've been much closer if brexit and the following hassle would n't have disappointed so much . 
  this was by far too close for my taste . 
  there was a reason why we preferred doing business with you . 
  so : do they create jobs and all is fine ? 
  or are greek concerns coming true ? 
  again : nothing is lost , when other countrys are able take over all of your import/exports . 
  there are 27 in the eu and many outside the eu who would be more then pleased to take over . 
  maybe that 's why trump is now again promoting the integrity of the eu ? 
  he is already smelling business opportunities . 
  why is propaganda = russia in your opinion ? 
  especially when the biggest source of propaganda are us right wing turds like murdoch , bannon and friends ? 
  russia , brexit-campaigners , even trump tries to manipulate us through propaganda since years . 
  we obviously have to admit that there are stupid people living within our borders . 
  if the only way to get them under control is counter-propaganda : so be it . 
  we all have to accept the fact that big parts of european media is under foreign influence . 
  if they do n't respect any kind of journalistic ethics what choice do we have ? 
  we ca n't ruin democracy by letting shady dudes like murdoch manipulate our public opinion however they want . 
  and the only steps so far to `` govern '' your country are not only stupid but super backward . 
  remember those new internet laws they consider for porn in the uk ? 
  just what the fuck . 
  the only thing this regulations seemingly prevented were super stupid right wing extremist law . 
  you replace bureaucracy with insanity . 
  at least now i finally understand what you meant by governing yourself . 
  and by inferior you mean equally . 
  i would call this arrogance . 
  why do you think it will do harm ? 
  the hard stance feels pretty good , after all those insults and disappointment . 
  also : the eu is pretty big . 
  many countries are importing goods from the uk and export goods to the uk . 
  why should n't they do it between each other instead ? 
  you know , if a country imports/exports 5 % from the uk , it could replace this imports/exports with 5 % from one or multiple other eu countries . 
  so in the end - if done right - this could even help the eu to get more independent from external sources . 
  there is still much sleeping potential in terms of economic growth in many eu countries . 
  that 's how it works . 
  its also not invented by the eu but by the vote leave campaign . 
  it 's easy to understand why germans are pissed off for example . 
  all those nazi `` jokes '' those brits do n't even understand themselves paired with a general feeling of disappointment has quickly the general mood into a general `` well , then fuck you ! '', 
  attitude . 
  animosity will help the eu in the end , because all this hate and anger creates a `` you vs us '' situation . 
  it already happens if you look at those pro-brexit barometers . 
  only 25 % left who still want to stay in the eu after all this bullshit . 
  at the same time the support for the eu is going up everywhere and the alt-right is losing ground . 
  so no problem with that . 
  the eu has a huge problem . 
  it can not afford to create the impression that leaving the eu has no negative consequences . 
  the eu does not want the uk to get anything beneficial from this . 
  even if they need to take a blow or two . 
  i would even bet their target is a a hard brexit . 
  also : everybody told you so before brexit . 
  vote-leave are the only one 's who said `` not going to happen '' . 
  another stupid lie that is going to get busted . 
  and i already see them blaming the eu for this . 
  not that they 'd give a shit any more , after all this tirades and xenophobic propaganda . 
  damn . . those irish and their whisky-lubricated angel-voices . 
  seems like pay it finally pays off to be catholic . 
  i bet every irishman trains hard to get in those catholic boy 's choirs . 
  btw : how are the dudes doing who bought all those airports ? 
  greece had big concerns about that as far as i remember . 
  was n't the corporate tax in france super high ? 
  could help to get the economy back on track . 
  i looked it up on wikipedia : its 34.43 % . 
  in germany its 15.8 % . 
  sounds to me that is one of the reason the german industry is doing better . 
  i heard somewhere else that the cost for power is very low in germany , too . 
  i love this stuff , when it 's fresh . 
  sad that we only get it in d\u00f6ner stores , where it always seems to have been baked by her grandma - when she still was young . 
  it also tastes like they mixed her toenails into the dough !, 
  u drunk ? 
  nice to see you finally getting out of that misery . 
  yeah . 
  i agree . 
  that 's exactly why it 's such a huge problem that a single person owns/influences so many organs of the press . 
  maybe my desire for a innovative germany is getting out of control . 
  but i have the feeling that we could achieve much more in all fields of research if we would n't care so much for financial banalities . 
  thanks for your insight . 
  but i think you get very well what i 'm trying to say . 
  corporate press has an corporate agenda . 
  murdoch is financing right wing politicians since years . 
  he also earned 2.5 bn $ thanks to brexit and brought some close friends into very important positions . 
  article of interest : http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/hl1606/s00062/the-brexit-vote-is-no-triumph-for-democracy-here-is-why.htm, 
  there is a difference between free press and corporate owned press . 
  a free press can write what they want . 
  the corporate press writes what the owner wants . 
  let me try again : murdoch tried to create the impression he is neutral and backed it with the times as an example . 
  but truth is that the times has a very small target audience that was against brexit from the beginning and too intelligent for most of this fake news bullshit anyway . 
  i did not say the times was neutral . 
  i 'm talking about murdoch .
