  the term dictatorship is quite unfortunate - and wrong - as it refers to the strict rule of one entity , something which is difficult to maintain towards the ecb as a whole . 
  if she was given the opportunity to talk , i expected her to go and ramble on about neoliberalism and how large corporations destroy the world . 
  whatever it is , jumping on a table and dancing around like some uneducated animal shouting ` end the ecb dictatorship ! ', 
  is hardly the best way to make a point do n't you agree ? 
  even if she were right such an action would undermine even the most noble of intentions . 
  edit : seems like she was a [ femen ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/apr/15/ecb-mario-draghi-greece-eurozone-live-updates ) activist . 
  hence the cute face i guess . 
  you beat me to it hehe . 
  that woman really is the ultimate stereotype of an extreme-left troublemaker . 
  what was her point anyways , next to screaming end the ecb ` dictatorship ' ? 
  also notice the ironic difference between draghi explaining complex policy and this random woman just screaming her random madness . 
  to get back at the last thing you said : i actually thought about that at some point . 
  why should we make discrimination punishable by law and do n't let society fix the problem ? 
  however , knowing the average person in this country i promptly let go of that idea , as it would indeed be probably counterproductive . 
  but i see less consequences for allowing free and near limitless criticism on religion , as it would not likely result in socio-economical problems like poverty , unequal treatment on the labour market or other things we should not want , whether that be in germany or here in the netherlands . 
  this assumption leads me to think that there should be a moral counterweight to such behavior , instead of legal measures . 
  although it remains a difficult topic which is ultimately connected to the ever going debate about freedom of speech - and its limits . 
  thanks for responding by the way : i consider your ideas enlightening , even though i do not fully agree . 
  maybe i was being ethnocentristic here , but the most people i know would agree with me that freedom of speech also encompasses the freedom to insult someone else . 
  now , before you lose me , let me make something abundantly clear : i consider insulting someone else during an argument in most cases a sign of bad taste and almost always counterproductive . 
  it will result in the participating people reinforcing their respective ideas and feelings , with the result of such an argument being that any disagreement will remain . 
  nevertheless , society has evolved . 
  maybe in a negative way , but nowadays the impression i have is that you can argue as agressively as you want , as long as you do not call for violence or hatred . 
  i consider that a healthy thing , as a true society is defensible and does not need such legislation to remain intact . 
  moreover : legislation about blasphemy and defamation is a brake on the development of society , as people will be forced to cut off any discussion at a certain point . 
  most importantly : i - do - not - believe that someone that happens to be religious deserves more rights than someone that is n't . 
  i have always utterly refused that way of thinking as it promotes inequality . 
  people should be able to stand up for themselves , instead of having to rely on tools of repression to do that for them . 
  but i do not want to go on about this thing for too long . 
  i just want to ask you a question : if you think of the people you know around you , would most people agree with my view that you can attack someone on his/her religion ? 
  i really wonder . 
  also , if blasphemy is the same as the previous ` verbod of smadelijke godslastering ' , then you can count us out on that part . 
  we repealed the legislation seeing to that last year , after having been unenforced for decades . 
  it is a relic of the past , when ideas towards defamation and blasphemy were wildly different . 
  now that gets closer to a valid source ; thanks for going the extra mile . 
  while you are at it , could you confirm my assumption that the graph only deals with the growth of ethnic minorities and gives little information about the actual percentage of minorities in any given ukip stronghold ? 
  just wanted to add that i find this rather interesting in the context of the previous paragraph :  ukip supporters are more likely to have experienced minority britain in the abstract : as a news item , second-hand report or through a car window in a city centre . 
  he seems to identify a cause ( that being ` ignorance ' ) followed up by an effect ( that being ` hate for muslims ' ) . 
  at least , i consider it reasonable to say that he directly connected the negative ideas towards muslims to ignorance , which is way to easy of an explanation . 
  there is more at play than simply ignorance - and claiming or suggesting that ignorance is the ( over ) dominant factor in a general dislike towards muslims does not help anyone , as it is way too narrow of an explanation . 
  indeed , bodies of our compatriots are piling up high in the high streets . 
  every moment you can hear the sound of suicide vests going off in the background . 
  there is death and destruction everywhere . 
  quote from the article you posted as a source :  opposition to * immigration * is often strongest where the fewest immigrants live , the demos research found . 
  more than 75 per cent of white british people are opposed to immigration in areas where fewer than 2 per cent of residents are immigrants . 
  this compares to 60 per cent opposition in areas where 10 to 15 per cent of the population is non-british . 
  you however said something else : nearly * all ukip * voters live in constituencies with near 0 immigration as well . 
  so once again , i am asking you for a source . 
  why ? 
  because i have a feeling that you pulled that statistic straight from your ass . 
  you may dislike ukip as much as i do , but that does not give you the right to conjure up some false facts that fit your narrative . 
  that really is sinful in any debate . 
  edit : such brigading i am noticing here . 
  really , really sad , as there was nothing unreasonable on me asking for a source about such a controversial comment . 
   nearly all source required . 
  correlation does not imply causality . 
  you are jumping to conclusions here and ignore possible other factors at play . 
  in italy 's case the strong presence of catholicism might have something to do with it for example , although there are more reasons to think of . 
  thing is , you seem to be jumping to conclusions out of your own ideological considerations . 
  because of the shame that accompanies it probably . 
  i wonder if it got something to do with the honor culture that is very much alive in turkey and to be precise , some kind of national variant of it . 
  just saying : our notion of shame is much less negative than in some other cultures . 
  this * might * have to do with it , but that does not make it an excuse . 
  well , ca n't say i am surprised . 
  i wonder how the turkish government will react . 
  always . 
  ' i demand satisfaction ' . 
  * throws down gauntlet *, 
  alright , that makes it more clear . 
  in that case you have a very valid point of course , as participating in a spontaneous gay ` parade ' or something like it in saudi-arabia will ensure that you will end up with a noose around your neck . 
  trying to alleviate the semi-hostile atmosphere with that joke huh ^ ^ . 
  if i summarize it all correctly , you resist the moral highground ( you were right in naming it that ) that is being brought forward here . 
  whether we call it moral or not , this is how it works in practice . 
  people tend to judge others on the basis of what they find normal , whether that is rational or not . 
  the aversion towards homosexuality can be partly found in people 's own convictions , which in turn reinforced with stereotyping result in condemning the entire group . 
  to get back at whether people should frown upon the specific subgroup i am aiming at here : that is no longer necessary , as they are * already * doing it in great numbers . 
  at the moment however , people tend to identify homosexuality in general with ` feminine ' behavior . 
  tend - so not always - but that is what i have clearly noticed so far . 
  especially among the people from the more lower layers of society , without being negative that is . 
  i think our society would not be much more different if we would trade in indifference for tolerance , although that might result in an overall decline of acceptance of all types of behavior . 
  then again , people should always be encouraged to think things over , something which our average compatriot fails at horribly regarding these matters . 
  and to be frank : that should be preferred above the ' i do n't care ' - attitude nowadays that seems to be so all dominant . 
  we should not celebrate a lack of thinking , or should we ? 
  you are having it wrong here . 
  i am saying that the small minority group i am talking about * should * not act in that manner . 
  not * ca n't * , as that is a rather repressive way to look at it . 
  not trying to lecture you here , but this is an important nuance  . 
  as for the reasons : of all the people i know , especially other guys ( whether young or old ) , i notice that they often justify their lack of respect for homosexuals with the same examples over and over again . 
  one of those examples is often the alledged feminine behavior of homosexuals , which is a result of stereotyping . 
  it is rather funny to see that when they 're thinking of a homosexual person idiots like gordon come to mind for them , or some other negative example they remembered . 
  the reason here would be : stimulating tolerance of the main group , by making sure that the subgroup should be frowned upon and distinguished from the main group . 
  to clarify , that is not what i am arguing against . 
  what i am arguing against is this : the very * opinion * of being against such behavior is often portrayed as some lack of tolerance for gays or total bigotry by some closet ( edit : i just noticed the ambiguity of ` closet ' here lol ) authoritarians . 
  you say that any person could act feminine and it would n't bother you and my opinion is the opposite of that . 
  is that a problem ? 
  no , of course not as it leads to a healthy argument . 
  the problem here is that some people try to get this potential argument killed off before it is even allowed to start , while giving false or flawed reasons to justify it . 
  tolerance must come from within : you can not force it unto someone as we both know . 
  you mean that event of ours that tends to stereotype gays and works against total acceptance ? 
  rethink what you seem to be proud on .
