  i do not in any way consider those practices democratic and thus should be ended . 
  one could say that the wish to restrict democracy as much as possible towards a representative democracy also confirms that it is a fundamentally flawed system . 
  i respect zorthianator his view more , as it clearly chooses for true democracy - instead of trying to go for a vague in-between that goes against the very nature ( people rule ) of the system . 
   but almost half are not very interested in the whole affair , a poll showed on wednesday . 
  sounds like the type of democracy i know . 
  people generally are n't interested in the things that might hit them the most , as those are the most complicated bits of policy to understand . 
  terrible statistic though . 
  then again , germany is certainly not alone in having a large percentage of the populace that can be considered unworthy of their voting rights . 
  thanks for adding that captain . 
  in the netherlands that would be the [ anti fascistische actie ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-fascistische_aktie ) . 
  known troublemakers in this country , just like most far right groups . 
  indeed , and that really made me cringe . 
  shame is the best way to describe my first feelings about that fact , as it reflects the current state of our military . 
  the netherlands again do not live up to their obligations , because the hague can not set its priorities straight . 
   organise safe transport route for the immigrants , obviously . 
  provide them with shelter and creating plan for making them eu citizens asap . 
  i am completely honest when saying that i had a short laugh about this . 
  also rather amazing to see a polish person make a case for opening the floodgates of immigration ; that was quite unexpected . 
  we do not have the resources to heal the world - and if we have an obligation out there , it is our semi-obligation to stabilize europe 's backyard . 
  yet an illegal immigrant remains an illegal immigrant , no matter what way you wish to turn it . 
  i hate to throw this word around , but your proposal is downright naive , as it suggests that : - europe has the resources to take in an nearly infinite flow of migrants ; - european nations have some sort of ` obligation ' to clean up the mess of other countries . 
  contrary to popular belief among some people here , we are hardly to blame for the majority of problems in the world . 
  and even where we are to blame ( which are a few exotic cases ) , the sovereign nations in question still have an obligation to clean up their internal mess . 
   i would gladly deport every chief of security , general , and pro-war polititian , and exchange them for those poor people . 
  they at least will be able to do some decent job . 
  i think that commenting on the sheer stupidity of this thought is not even worth the time of anyone here . 
  only a shortsighted dove can come to such conclusions . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but would n't this be a milestone in the eu its military history ? 
  there have been several smaller eu missions out there , but nothing of this scale before . 
  i think many people underestimate how important this mission will turn out to be for future military integration of european militaries , and next to that it also publicly legitimizes military forces operating under the flag of the eu . 
  who would have thought that the obvious answer is often the correct one . 
  anyways , thanks ec , even though it amounted to stating what just about everyone younger than 40 already knew . 
   you have to realize that the eu will rather kick the uk out than allow for such redistribution of competences . 
  exactly . 
  eu membership with all the advantages it has to offer , without the disadvantages , will not happen if brussels gets its way . 
  the legal headache that will follow up on departing the eu will likely be more disadvantegeous to the uk than staying in the union . 
  cameron will likely return from brussels with near empty hands , as he did the previous time . 
  the uk has overplayed its hand already in my view . 
  it is notable that the uneasy relation between the uk and mainland europe also seems to be a clash between two systems of law . 
  i do understand it a bit better now - even though i do not agree with the entire anti-eu campaign that britain is facing nowadays . 
  extensively interpretated european legislation might indeed feel threathening if one is not accustomed to it . 
  indeed , one of the factors that contributed to america 's position in the world . 
  something i do not disapprove of to be honest . 
  at times it is best to let go of principles and be pragmatic . 
  edit : nice to see this circlejerk go its way again . 
  i am even against israel its current position and the way it tends to do business with palestina , yet sometimes principles have to move for reality . 
  the dreamers that downvoted me for that have no idea of how geopolitics work . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is statutary law inside common law systems that restrictive when it comes down to interpretation ? 
  also , i just can not imagine how the current government would be able to damage the uk beyond repair as the uk is a state of law after all . 
  it is not like freedom of speech and freedom of association for example will suddenly be removed all together in these situations , as the need to make a thorough assessment of any ` extremists ' will remain . 
  there will be rules , and moreover there needs to be a certain standardized framework that gives strict guidelines in assessing whenever something is extremist and whenever something is not . 
  if the courts really will not be able to stop possible abuse of this prospective legislation then it does say something about the powers of the judiciary compared to the executive . 
  and that last part was certainly not meant as a compliment . 
  in that case the echr is the last institution one could turn to , as long as it lasts of course . 
  but let 's wait a while : the final text of this bill will define whether this is permissible or a dreadful mistake . 
  i noticed that . 
  what slyratchet was trying to make clear is that ` excluding ' others is always wrong on basis of principle . 
  what he in the process skips are the far reaching consequences of tolerating intolerant people that would be the direct result of such an absolute interpretation . 
  principles are all good , as long as they stay connected with reality . 
  facilitating the destruction of a tolerant society out of misplaced tolerance is ironic to say the least , and certainly not wise . 
  i ca n't spot it to be honest . 
  i have always defended the assertion that intolerance does not need to be tolerated . 
  a tolerant system that tolerates intolerance will likely - as a logical result - destroy itself . 
  therefore tolerant people should not protect intolerant people , as that amounts to self defeat . 
  the question here is more likely what is ` intolerant ' and what is n't . 
  this needs to be defined properly beforehand . 
  obviously , in the end the high court decides on that :  the granting of a ban , which would be subject to immediate review by the high court , would make membership or funding of the organisation concerned a criminal offence . 
  if the high court nukes a random decision by the uk government , they 'll be back to square one . 
   according to details given by mrs may at last year 's conservative party conference , such orders would apply if ministers `` reasonably believe '' a group intended to incite religious or racial hatred , to threaten democracy , or if there was a pressing need to protect the public from harm , either from a risk of violence , public disorder , harassment or other criminal acts . 
  the granting of a ban , which would be subject to immediate review by the high court , would make membership or funding of the organisation concerned a criminal offence . 
  well , at least there is a review mechanism in place . 
  without it , i would have considered this to go to far . 
  but the government will be restricted by the judiciary in its manoevering room , even though that means asking the high court to give their opinion about a possible political issue . 
  people should therefore not worry too much about this proposal . 
  i can not help to remark that the ` terrorism card ' is being pulled again though , even if it is less explicit this time . 
  people should always be wary when the government wants to grant itself ` special ' powers , no matter what the goal is . 
  brussels of course ( out of practical considerations ) . 
  it gives belgium a justification for putting itself out of its misery  . 
  there actually was similar talk about the future of brussels when belgium was in severe weather a few years back . 
  what is the european idea really ? 
  i mean , i completely follow you in what you are trying to say , but does your neighbour believe the same ? 
  and what does one of the people i know personally think about ` europe ' ? 
  i have always been in favor of a federal europe in the longterm , but we have to face facts here : this idea is not really alive out there . 
  i think ` populists ' have in general not created their masses of followers : they have simply played the sentiments that already existed across europe . 
  blaming them is only dealing with the surface of the problem . 
  if europe evolves too quickly , it will tear itself apart . 
  i do not want to see that happen . 
  it all comes down to perception in the end , and i think that there is no direct method to describe the current relations between greece and some of the other northern countries . 
  my best guess is that the strictness which is being imposed on greece is to ensure permanent change , not to turn it into a financial protectorate . 
  this change is aimed at reforming government institutions and the at least the partial implementation of a northern european type of government structure . 
  greece did not spiral down into this crisis due to the mistakes of one single government ( although some carry more responsibility than others ) , but because of institutional shortcomings throughout the greek political landscape which have persisted for a long time . 
  lasting change can not be created in 5 mere years , which makes me believe that the current situation will roughly drag on for at least another 5 years or even 10 years . 
  the ` we are a family ' idea is rather restrictive in its interpretation : in my opinion it mostly revolves around shared values , instead of economic ideas . 
  greece belongs in europe on a historical and cultural basis , as does the netherlands and germany for example . 
  european solidarity has arguably never extended as far as salvation for all eu citizens : for that to happen a lot will need to change about how the common guy here thinks , as well as their representatives . 
  fiscal policy lies at the heart of the sovereign state , hence making any proposal that deals with transferring more powers to the eu its instutitions highly controversial . 
  we should not underestimate that abolishing national currencies in favor of the common currency was a massive step forward , although i am certain that a lot of political parties and even governments out there in the eu consider it a step backwards by now . 
  union wide solidarity will remain a dream , if it means that all are meant to be equal in terms of income . 
  redistribution of wealth as you are proposing will not happen , as it clearly conflicts with the desires and vested interests of a lot of people in the northern part of europe . 
  it would result in one major group having to hand in advantages and accept a worse socio-economic position in exchange for strengthening the other group .
