  maybe that is normal in some other european countries , but we should n't get used to it here . 
  democracy at its finest : the majority of voters stays at home and by their actions say ` go fuck yourself ' . 
  something politicians can be proud on . 
  i as well am not impressed about the knowledge and skills of the average politician here , which partially fuels my general dislike towards democracy as we know it * nowadays * . 
  it might be important to emphasize that i have nothing against the principle of democracy ( i welcome it ) , but in its current form it is failing here . 
  if instutional reform does not find its way into politics in the coming decade the situation will only worsen as time passes . 
  there should be some serious requirements in this country to actually become a people 's representative : i am more thinking along the lines of introducing meritocratic elements in our current systems . 
  think of public hearings for prospective candidates to ensure that they at least have advanced knowledge of their field of speciality . 
  next to that it is time to review the grondwet once again : a thorough revision is way overdue . 
  that body should be the * judiciary * by any standards , and not the political and far from independent senate . 
  i would like to point out that some european nations have switched to a unicameral system in the past 50 years , which would not make this idea ` strange ' in any way . 
  the senate here was originally meant as a reflection chamber that solely judged the constitutional aspects of a certain bill . 
  that role , although not anchored in our grondwet , has made way for party politics which results in a very peculiar situation : the senate - which by all means got less democratic legitimation than the tweede kamer ( much less people show up for these elections ! ), 
  - has become the chamber with the most power . 
  that this does not disburb you in any way amazes me as it is a direct threat to how a proper democracy should function . 
  the senate here is n't the u.s. senate by system nor should it become such an entity . 
  first because it is n't in its tradition , second because it will add to the political instability that has been getting a tighter grip on this country with each passing year . 
  if you want a body checking the tweede kamer it 's power , vague as that might be , you can ask the people that elect the same entity . 
  a standard law , if not constitutional provisions , that deal with corrective referendums are the best way to keep politicians in check . 
  contrary to this you are basically asking to uphold the current situation where politicians check - you guessed it - other politicians . 
  this leads to the most weird situations : in the absence of a constitutional court , the states general could actually accept a bill that is blatantly unconstitutional as long as this does not infringe on international treaties . 
  without any doubt this degrades the current constitution to a mere moral guideline instead of a true constitution . 
  the institutional problems of this nation need to get solved in the next 10 years or everything will take an accelerated turn for the worse . 
  i ca n't really be surprised : people here are getting increasingly cynical , which at least partially explains the low turn out and further fragmentation that has been going on for a few years already . 
  if there 's a time to get rid of the senate ( which gets indirectly elected by the provincial states ) , it is now . 
  maybe the vvd will finally see the light and vote for the abolition ( that it traditionally has opposed ) of this way too powerful organ in dutch politics , although a two third majority will be difficult to arrange . 
  if the senate stays into existence , this nation will become ungovernable in a few years time . 
  the rhetorics these guys use : it really reminds me of [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ) . 
  sad that these ideas still are alive in the 21st century . 
  the european council without any doubt . 
  that is the way it was meant to be in the treaties - that being a political supreme organ of the eu - and the way it works in practice . 
  despite qmv , the most controversial policies will always have to approved by the european council . 
  the council ( of the european union ) ca n't always do that , as sometimes proposals are too important to be handled by a ` mere ' council of ministers . 
  i think my view of left-wing radicals is rather different than yours . 
  you seem to not one on one compare them with radicals from the other side of the political spectrum and you describe their worst characteristics a bit too euphemistically in my opinion . 
  but before i go on , it might be best to correct myself : with left-wing radicals ( as it is mostly used in the media here ) i was actually referring to left-wing extremists . 
  that might be one step further in terminology than ` radicalism ' , although the boundaries between radicalism and extremism are rather arbitrary in my opinion . 
  whether it is radicalism or extremism , both are mostly tied to behavior that is either morally unacceptable or simply illegal . 
  on the extreme right that often seems to be racism ( as you stated ) and on the extreme left it seems to manifest itself mostly in acts of physical or verbal violence . 
  take the famous eco ` terrorists ' ( i do n't agree with the terminology , but that 's how they 're called ) , animal rights ` activists ' that threathen people and destroy property , and so forth . 
  those are the people i am mostly thinking about when talking about the extreme left . 
  also , the quest for greater equality has in the past often lead to the opposite , which makes me rather wary for people that preach about it . 
  downvoted . 
  just wanted to add to this : justice comes first . 
  there is no way in which i will ever allow any action by the police that infringes on the principles of a state of law . 
  the thing is that what i proposed earlier on , and what happens on a massive scale in reality , is simply possible within the confines of the law . 
   ca n't make an omelette without breaking some eggs and so forth . 
  please ** refrain ** from any justification about what is happening here . 
  as / u/alphager also said : it reflects poorly on any other peaceful protesters . 
  their message will be overshadowed by what a few radical extremists has done here . 
   i call it collateral damage in a democratic process right ... 
  to that i honestly agree , and maybe it would have been best to refrain from making such a comment . 
  it was inspired by my hatred towards criminals in general but it can indeed be a rather counterproductive statement , if not a counterproductive way of thinking . 
  i 'll reflect on this . 
  there are terrible people from both extremes of the political spectrum active at this subreddit as this thread testifies . 
  i implore you to treat both types of people with the same disregard . 
  i do not believe this subreddit gets better in the presence of right-wing extremists * or * left-wing radicals . 
  do n't worry buddy , i got your back  . 
  was n't that a stormfront post that was rather old ? 
  also , people like that would be quickly ( shadow ) banned from / r/europe so i would n't fear such idiots . 
  what i do notice is that / r/europe is ( fortunately in my eyes ) getting more balanced in terms of political division , which i directly connect to the growing number of subscribers . 
  i do n't think so : i was not talking about the average protestor if that is what you are thinking . 
  given that you only respond with one line , instead of going into detail , i doubt that you have really read my response thoroughly . 
  people that break the law and cause massive public disorder - to the detriment of the normal citizen - should indeed be handled harshly , as long as the law allows for such harsh actions ( which it does in these situations , trust me ) . 
  a guy that throws a stone to a police officer with the intention of wounding him can expect such swift justice . 
  i agree , although i would like to expand on the following part :  as the cheap satisfaction of a fetish under the presence of the law the moral verdict here is understandable , but still the officers in question do n't take the first step : they respond to any infraction of the law . 
  as long as those intentions do not lead to a response that is illegal , i see no problem with a cop partaking in a riot police squad with the intention of clubbing down a few guys that break the law . 
  it is the duty of a police officer , if not the duty of the average citizen ( !, 
  ) , to uphold the law . 
  they indeed volunteer for it , which makes me have even more respect for the men and women that are willing to stand on the front lines as in frankfurt today . 
  i myself would indeed get rather right-wing ori\u00ebnted after i would 've performed police work for 10 years on end : it really makes you lose your faith in humanity if you see how people tend to misbehave under the right circumstances . 
  also , the mobiele eenheid over here would never act in a manner as you described , nor is it possible to frame an organisation counting more than 50.000 people as totally right-wing . 
  that would be rather unfair and unjust . 
  but let me tell you something : if i were a police officer , and i saw hundreds , if not thousands of people , going out there demolishing things and disturbing public order - under influence of substances or not - i would take great pleasure in administering direct justice with a baton . 
  i am convinced that a lot of guys that work for the me here do so out of a sense of justice and thoroughly enjoy the opportunity to club the rabble down . 
  whether those are extreme left ` protesters ' as we see in frankfurt today , soccer ` fans ' or right wing ` nationalists ' does not matter . 
  agreed , but then again most other european nations are more polarized than ours . 
  abroad , left really means ` left ' and the same goes for the right . 
  but yeah , to see how some people here are actively justifying the large scale destruction that is going on in frankfurt at the moment is just too much for me . 
  a part of / r/europe shows its ugly , radical face today . 
  it is , by both sides . 
  as / u/gogoggk already explained , times like these show the growing division among the users of this subreddit . 
  i consider it a healthy sign , as / r/europe has always been too left-leaning in my opinion . 
  let people fight it out : that is what makes it exciting . 
  i believe he was n't serious about that last part . 
  i would give you an extensive answer if necessary , but that is not necessary here . 
  the answer is surprisingly simple : supply and demand . 
  without demand there is no need for industrialisation . 
  out of logistic considerations , production centers have always been concentrated in certain places in the past . 
  take away the need for a given product and the factory will follow suit . 
  or different : move production to elsewhere and the original places of production will be abandoned . 
  take a look at detroit for example . 
  their instrument is violence , which ensures that i and other reasonable persons ca n't take them seriously . 
  do you consider violence a way to make an argument ? 
  come on it is not difficult : - the ever widening gap between politicians and the average joe ; - growing cynicism among voters , leading to lower overall turn out on elections ; - the lack of direct democracy to counter the chosen ruling elite in case policy goes against the electorate its will . 
  those are just three examples , but i could go on and on . 
  these points show that democracy is slowly but surely failing , which can lead to increased tensions . 
  if things go on like this , democracy will be mostly gone by 2075 . 
  the worst part is that the average joe will welcome it , after having been betrayed countless times . 
  the greatest piece of irony is that these types of rioting ` protesters ' often live in large cities , of which the latter can only exist by the grace of capitalism .
