  the will of the people is no grand oracle : the people is often wrong trucidator . 
  could you please confirm that you acknowledge that as well ? 
  democracy should not go so far as becoming a mockery of itself by enabling wrong and rash decisions . 
   many dutch people do n't think that power should always move towards brussels , and your own government is very close to the uk on this point in the continued emphasis that it should be the nation where possible and the eu only where necessary . 
  we do , yet we are n't crusading for returning powers that have already been given to brussels . 
  indeed : the current government here wants to strengthen the power of member states * within * the current treaty frame . 
  you as a legal professional probably know that the treaty on the european union already gives some very important rules about when something is up to the member states to decide , and when it is not . 
  there is no push for repatriation of powers , on which the uk remains alone . 
   if greece leaves the euro , this will be an explicit acknowledgement that power does not move in just one direction . 
  if greece were to leave , not much would have changed . 
  member states already have the option to leave at will ( so does the uk ! ) . 
  the nature of the relationship the memberstates have with the eu would not change * . 
  honestly , that proposal might not need be the worst of ideas at this point . 
  a government that can not govern effectively - but that refuses to leave - is best removed . 
  if necessary by military means . 
  ** edit ** : yes people , that is a controversial and highly impopular comment . 
  i 'll utter it anways , as the interests of the greek people are best served if the stability and wellfare of the state trumps the individual interests of a numerous amount of domestic groups . 
  greece can not shoulder this burden forever , and any debt write-off 's down the line need to coincide with harsh and effective reform . 
  if the current government is not willing to do what is best for the country and postpones essential ( i repeat , essential ! ), 
  reform , then the military option should not be excluded . 
  also , i just noticed some ambiguity about the military option : without a doubt , only the hellenic armed forces could make such a move , not a creditor nation . 
  even then it would be highly illegal as a form of treason , but morally maybe the better choice . 
  edit 2 : apparantly there is a lot of misconception about this comment . 
  i responded to the theoretical possibility of change by military means , but it should be clear that it can * never * , * ever * be imposed by foreign forces . 
  i discussed the possibility of it happening in strictly domestic fashion , and even then i do not prefer it . 
  where i differ from other people is that i consider that all options are on the table , including controversial ones . 
  everyone is free to attack me on that consideration . 
  a small portion indeed : we agree on that . 
  i am aware of the criticism of the maastricht treaty back in the past , and the uk might have been the nation that resisted to it the most in public . 
  it does n't seem to weird to assume that asking for treaty change now amounts to diplomatic suicide . 
  all goodwill the uk govt had left in europe will be gone instantly - and even then the chance for a hasty compromise on things that * can not * be compromised on is slim at best . 
  the uk would damage its negotiation position completely if it were to give in to such vulture-like behavior . 
  the eu is here to last and states remain bound to their treaty obligations . 
  the entity we talk about will live way past the cameron administration and other future governments , as well as the constant change of public opinion . 
  the uk its electorate may very well be staunchly pro-eu by 2035 . 
  it is foolish to give in to the ` people ' , especially when the latter in majority can not possibly comprehend what the results of a brexit would be . 
  calling a referendum on the eu is an idiotic move on its own , as the tabloids will surely feed the people will all kinds of nonsense in the weeks ahead of the referendum . 
  the flow of power to brussels moves only one way historically : towards it , and not away from it . 
  to change this trend would mean changing the entire relationship * all * memberstates have with the eu , which makes this more than a purely british issue . 
  he does , yet if everyone would abide by that strict thinking the supranational way of decision making that nowadays dominates the eu would be jeopardized . 
  if david cameron wants to sabotage the current situation and throw the eurozone into further turmoil by denying vital treaty change , the latter is out of the option . 
  better to have greece remain in legal limbo ( i.e. 
  being part of the eurozone , but having a currency of its own ) than meeting such demands . 
  remember very well that the uk is almost alone ( ! ), 
  in its demands , and the remaining member states sure as hell do not need to bow to this nonsense . 
  europe is larger than the uk , so is the eurozone . 
   the fact that eurozone needs to be reformed is really not the uk 's fault . 
  which is questionable , as the uk allowed approved the current text of the treaties as well . 
  not being part of the eurozone does not vindicate the uk of responsibility in this . 
  at least there is clarity about the future after sunday . 
  that is something , and i like how it puts all parties involved under pressure . 
  the greek government will have to hurry up and prove that it wants to take harsh measures , whereas the other eurogroup nations will probably be forced to make impopular compromises . 
  most pressure seems to be on greece though . 
   many eu countries would see the opening up of treaty reform as an opportunity to amend past burdens , chief among them david cameron , who would likely use this as an opportunity to push for an exit from the eu social chapter . 
  so any potential treaty reform would likely be held to ransom by member states ' various national interests . 
  this has been said by others here as well , but i wonder if cameron will * really * want to make himself that hated . 
  now really is not the time to discuss the uk its desires , especially now a decision about greece has to be take on very short notice . 
  if the uk government were to sabotage the eu at this difficult moment , the last bit of respect i had for the cameron administration regarding european matters will go out of the window . 
  i think that sums it all up . 
  alright , in short : defaulting obviously does not mean that all the debt will just ` poof ' vanish : greece as a debitor to various other nations , the ecb , the imf and whatever remains as a catch-all category will feel tremendous pressure to reach an agreement with the all parties involved . 
  the thing is that greece can never be forced to comply - ever . 
  if the eu ( read : germany ) slams the door the greek government might as well choose to repay much less if not nothing to start over . 
  greece will be cut off from the capital markets anyways , nor could the diplomatic relations of greece with its creditors get much worse . 
  the current government is of the type of crazy that would do anything to salvage their nation and such there would be no surprise in greece not paying back much more than the proposed 30 % or so haircut . 
  you called it simplistic , but i took the situation in other european countries into account . 
  thing is , despite the popular comparison , spain does not find itself in the same position as greece . 
  not in growth numbers , not in terms of reform or when compared the debt as a percentage of gdp . 
  greece is rather unique in its trouble which makes the chance for political contagion rather slim . 
  it is expected that any agreement concerning debt write off with greece will be combined with pledges of ` renewed obligation ' or some other political euphemism that all agreements will be kept henceforth . 
  then there 's the thing that european nations could easily bail out greece , but spain on the other hand is a whole different story . 
  again : greece is not really comparable to other nations in europe . 
  we could of course let greece default in an orderly fashion , if only for show . 
  that will force other players to accept cuts as well , instead of having european nations cough it up by themselves ( despite them holding the most debt anyways ) . 
  he does n't need to : he only needs to convince his legislature . 
  that is enough , same goes for germany . 
  the people can be fully ignored and are not necessary to make this possible . 
  it will result in electoral repercussions though , that is for certain . 
  in situations like these the real leaders arise . 
  if germany is convinced , and thus france and germany are alligned in their interests , the rest of the eu will follow . 
  that is the way it has been over the past few years and the same will happen again . 
  once any proposal gets worked out on a european level , the individual member states feel tremendous pressure to comply . 
  the rest of the eu are democracies , but first and foremost greece its creditors . 
  and when there is a choice to be made between losing everything or losing part of it , it is best to go for the rational option here - that being giving another haircut . 
  making a counterproductive point in scuttling greece ( and thus losing a multitude of what would be lost in a haircut ) is in itself way too emotional of a move , and unbecoming of a responsible government . 
  it is n't : those two nations were just examples in a longer list of democracies that tend to be less inefficient in creating necessary legislation . 
  but even then the decision making process is tedious and long lasting , even to the point of reacting too slow to economic changes . 
  i do n't want to stick with greece its example for too long , but ensuring a strong military is not always priority number 1 in a democratic system . 
  fortunately your country takes good care of its defences ( maybe a bit too much , but still ) where others like mine hopelessly fail in being prepared for the worst . 
  democracies are also historically famous for ripping themselves apart . 
  how long did democracy in greece last again in ancient times ? 
  maybe stability is not the best way to describe the advantage of democracy , but more the way democracies tend to respect the rights of their citizens . 
  machiavelli remembered us that nations go through cycles of government , and his observations made about 500 years ago may very well still be correct . 
  it is not imposssible to imagine that most western democracies today will look completely different by the end of this century as there is always a necessity to adapt . 
  about that balance you spoke off : it is interesting to see that some of the most stable and efficient democracies are those with very few political parties . 
  the uk and the us are in principle two party systems , which ensures that all votes are mostly funneled through two entities . 
  it is not hard to see that this itself is not * that * democratic , as people in both nations are presented with one more option than your average north korean citizen  . 
  there is a choice , but a limited one in the end . 
  maybe , but the astounding growth of the chinese economy over the past 20-30 years is one hell of an example of how to lead a country . 
  i wonder if there is a single country in the world that even managed to match china its pace of growth in the same period . 
  without a doubt the future of china will be littered with obstacles , but based on current performance there is no doubt that all of them will be overcome because of the more meritocratic system of government china knows .
