  despite all of this , a police officer will always pull his weapon as his last resort ( out of training ) and it remains a rather rare occurence , despite a trend of the police being forced to do so more often . 
  why do you keep pulling literally everything i said out of its context ? 
  what is your aim ? 
  starting from the top :  i did n't hear you say this when the previous government destroyed the welfare of the greeks . 
  which again proves my point . 
  it proves nothing : greece lived above its means . 
  the gdp of greece was inflated by a mass influx of capital , capital that it should have never received . 
  the downturn we saw over the past few years that amounted to over a quarter of the greek gdp being destroyed was a correction . 
  the way it played out was harsh , but i see little reason how such painful measures could have been prevented . 
  in the end , the greek government for example is bloated to levels way above normal , the greek pension system was and still is unsustainable and corruption is rife compared to our two countries . 
  it is not difficult to see that such a swift change in culture will cause a lot of pain and suffering . 
  i think we have both seen the images on the news , including those of elderly people that no longer have enough money to buy medication . 
  i do n't want that , and i despise that austerity managed to creep into the realm of the necessities of life - something which the greek government should have never allowed . 
  government support should be aimed at preventing that from taking place . 
  but all those people that complain about their pensions being cut out of purely financial motivations should not be given too much attention : it is sad and painful ( as their costs will stay the same ) , but in the end their pensions were * unsustainable * . 
  what you could do is not cut pensions and turn the current system into a self-cannabalizing one , effectively depriving future generations of the same rights . 
  that is why austerity from that point of view is right : the best thing a government can do to prevent that such measures affect the most basic human necessities . 
  a government that is unwilling to tackle the current problems - and thus wants to appease the people that voted for them - is nothing else but incompetent . 
  a wise ruler will make decisions that are impopular , if only to secure the long term ( financial ) future of all citizens involved . 
  * that * is when the exotic scenario we talk about might come into play , that being when a government is unwilling to take necessary measures when those measures are the only * reasonable * option left . 
  i do not for a single second care about whether the current greek government is left wing or right wing . 
  honestly : i do n't care about it !, 
  what there should be is a government that takes the necessary measures to pull its people out of their current predicament . 
  if that means defaulting on all debts to the point of even paying 0 percent back ( not likely in case of a default , but still ) , so be it . 
  as long as this goes hand in hand with proper plans for reform , as greece will not be able to lend any money if that were to pass . 
  but these plans seem to be missing so far !, 
   that 's why i have no trust in autocracy apologists like you . 
  always the same justification ( it 's only temporaly , it 's for the good of the people , it 's the best alternative etc. 
  ) , always the same goal ( dictatorship that only serves the interest of the elites ) . 
  there are plenty of examples of military governments that gave way to civilian led governments . 
  take a look at south america , or asia in that matter . 
  even closer to home : turkey . 
  i am not giving a verdict about how gruesome or right those governments acted , but emphasizing that many military governments gave way in favor of civilian governments . 
  the hur-dur-dur the elite part is questionable : the ` elite ' is a construct that is being used to postulate an artificial enemy , even in the absence of proof thereof . 
  there is something like a benevolent ` dictatorship ' , but it is hard to achieve . 
  even then , a benevolent dictatorship ( mind the difference between military rule by consensus and this ) can be prefered to ensure the long term survival of a state . 
  but i think i got to the bottom of the problem here , so let me clear the air about this :  that 's why democracy and human rights are not negotiable you directly connect democracy to human rights : that is a fallacy . 
  i dare to say that both are surely not necessarily intertwined with one another . 
  what protects minorities and ensures respect of human rights is a strong judiciary , strong checks and balances and responsible people at the helm . 
  granted : many countries with a good human rights record are democracies , but so are many countries with a terrible record about it !, 
  just look at about the whole of africa , large parts of south-east asia and so forth . 
  any time the exceptional scenario we are talking about should take place , it should not result in crimes or suspension of basic human rights . 
  needless to say : mass killings , or killings on any scale , theft , self-enrichment and so on are not part of the situation i described . 
  hence my earlier comment about it needing to be bloodless . 
  next to that , a few civil liberties could be temporarily suspended , for example universal suffrage , the right to gather in public places above certain numbers and the right to protest within certain areas . 
  the goal here would not be to suppress opposition by a few people that wanted their country driven into the ground , but to ensure stability and order . 
  the latter of course being obvious as such a thing could only take place during times of great unrest and instability . 
   when a democratic government is so bad it brings doom and failure over its people out of ignorance or ideology , it would get voted out . 
  indeed , but take syriza for example : it is 6 months down its mandate , and elections are still far away . 
  the ballot box is not the immediate problem solver here , while irreparable damage may be done in the years preceding the elections . 
  damage that can not be undone and that will likely set the course for the country in the coming 30 years . 
  should democracy go this far ? 
  should it infringe on the welfare on the future of a people in such a negative way ? 
  you already know my opinion on the matter , but i encourage you to properly think this over first , and afterwards answer to this with a simple ` yes ' or ` no ' . 
  syriza is just an example , and it is very well possible that the eu and the greek government will come to an agreement . 
  but when it does n't - ** and ** keeps shifting the problems of greece ahead to future generations - all options should be on the table . 
  rather boring to repeat myself here , but apparantly this is easily read over : among all options , a coup should be the last resort . 
  democracy is a god that can fail : the sooner every single citizen across the world realizes this , the closer a highly effective government will be . 
   i do n't care about your good intentions , i have zero trust in apologists for dictatorships . 
  sorry to say so , but you disqualify yourself by this statement . 
  you should judge what i said on its contents , and not by emotion . 
  i also find it peculiar that you immediatly move to ` dictatorships ' - which is not far removed from the word fascism . 
  the strongman theory is one that is not to my liking and any military rule would be rather consensus based * ( by some kind of steering committee ) compared to being dictatorial . 
  dictatorial got a very negative sound to it ( with good reason ) , as it refers to a wish to control all and everything for a long period of time . 
  needless to say , this again does not in any way resonate with my own convictions that such a government should be restricted to the short term . 
  in a way , dealing in absolutes , e.g. 
  ` zero trust ' kind of reaffirms the failures of democrats that have a highly religious belief in the infallibility of democracy . 
  you should open your eyes and consider all options out there : look upon the world in such a way that problem solving is always the highest cause . 
  principles are good and all , but not when they become a parody of what they look to achieve . 
  * edited, 
  by contents , the lisbon treaty is very similar to the european constitution . 
  it is almost a copy of the european constitution , only not in name . 
  as someone else already pointed out , the fact that major industrialized nations ( for example france , germany , the usa , the uk , russia , etc ) did not go to war after 1945 is the onset of mad policies . 
  there is no point in starting a war if you lose it immediatly , hence why it did not take place . 
  also : i urge you to * not * underestimate the effect of european integration , which has made war on the european continent nearly impossible nowadays . 
  the predecessors of the eu did one hell of a job in this . 
  the un as a forum for discussion at the core does not differ much from the league of nations . 
  good and admirable as the organisation is , we should not give it too much credit . 
  ` my kind ' . 
  you really jump to assumptions all over the place , and i highly doubt you even took the time to read everything else i said . 
  but i will take the time to explain it again : the first mistake you make starts at the very first word in your response :  prefering a military takeover first of all : where do you read this ? 
  i really ask myself where you read that i ` prefer ' military rule over democratic rule , because frankly : i do n't . 
  i was discussing the possibility of military intervention where democracy has failed , slim as that possibility might be . 
  it in short means that i - out of my own pragmaticism - do not rule out any option that could be a reasonable means to an end . 
  based on the way you crusade against me it is logical to assume that you consider democracy infallible in such a way that it may drive an entire people into ruin . 
  that is the second mistake . 
  at least : that can be concluded after your opposition to coup d'etats , which seems to be born out of principle and is rather rigid in nature . 
  i understand the criticism on coup d'etats and share the opposition to it , but yet again : i do not rule it out as an option . 
  at some moment in history a point may be reached where a bloodless , military coup followed up by a short term caretaker government ( whether military or technocratic in nature ) is vastly preferable above a democratic government that is bound to bring doom to the very people they represent , whether that doom comes out of ideology or sheer ignorance . 
  such a move should be the last resort , i.e. 
  a measure to be taken when all other means that can reach the same result have objectively failed . 
  that is no ` preferance ' in any way , just to get back at how this started . 
  that is rather difficult to say . 
  it depends on what you take into consideration to measure the impact . 
  in terms of how states do business nowadays , as well as some more recent rights in some countries ( like euthanasia , the right for gay people to marry , etc ) secularism clearly had the upper hand . 
  but the way we still communicate nowadays , for example the unwritten moral code of conduct , is still pretty christian . 
  examples are of course that a man is expected to keep his word and that people - save some exceptions - should always be truthful to one another . 
  in legal constructs like tort law there is a clear christian hand to be noticed when dealing with one 's obligation to pay reparations for any damages inflicted upon another . 
  also , ancient canon law had its influence on modern day legislation , especially whenever ` morality ' comes into play . 
  i am not downplaying the inventions and rediscoveries of the renaissance and the centuries that followed it , but merely stating that christian influence is still to be found in many facets of life .
