  if there is any other czech person out there , please confirm whether this is the case or not . 
  if a splinter group originating from syriza would become the largest party * and * gain a majority , then yes a repeat will likely occur . 
  but the odds of that happening are ( very ) slim . 
  it ca n't be excluded as a possible outcome , but i really do not see it happen . 
  the majority will be almost guaranteed if you take the current greek opposition into account . 
  they already helped tsipras to pass the reform package , and those parties would be severely hypocritical if they were to turn tail now , especially for mere electoral gain . 
  it just came to my mind that cultural context may be at play here as well . 
  if we in dutch say ` dat is toch nog niet normaal !, 
  ' , translated ` that is n't normal though !, 
  ' , that holds a value judgement . 
  seemingly this is different in english as it seems . 
  fair enough : it is more fitting terminology . 
  another way of summarizing this approach ( which is directly related to utalitarianism ) is ` the end justifies the means ' . 
  it is a pragmatic way to look at things which is embraced by me as well , but not at all cost . 
  the slippery slope you described is of course the downside . 
  i do n't fall back to principles on a regular basis , but human rights is not something we should compromise on . 
  not in situations like these . 
  i believe he was only suspended of his membership the previous time , instead of expelled . 
  exactly . 
  they ca n't even see where it will lead civilized nations to , and the result is n't nice . 
  we always have to be wary about such ideas for good reason , as not everybody can see all ends . 
  europe will quickly become a whole lot less civilized if innocent men , women and children are shot in the mediterrenean , only to let those that were unfortunate enough to be granted a quick death drown slowly . 
  so - fucking - disgusting . 
  yep , pretty much . 
  a highly immoral person , that looks upon others as expendable tools . 
  you confuse legitimate criticism on immigration with proposing violence and giving way to vigilante-ish justice . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right is something you probably heard before , but maybe you should be reminded of it again . 
  let 's see how this goes . 
  wow , where did you read that ? 
  must be my english or your putting words in my mouth that are n't mine . 
  i completely focussed on the way people interpret the opposite state of being ` normal ' , and that most of the time boils down to a negative , rejecting response . 
  i can even remember a girl i know calling homosexuality ` afwijkend ' , which translates to ` deviant ' . 
  the same type of discussion as above ensued . 
  i did n't by the way call for the abolition of certain words : such hobbies are n't my taste . 
  i simply responded to a discussion that happened to come into existence because of the use of ` normal ' here . 
  it obviously is n't precise enough of a word , and can be easily confused for some value judgement . 
  did i make it more clear now ? 
  rather lazy oneliner from your side . 
  again : it has been proven multiple times here , so do n't treat it like a myth . 
  your comment that it is a ` conspiracy theory ' is factually incorrect . 
  i want to have a decent debate about immigration and its effects , without it been influenced by some of the worst people out there . 
  if this keeps up , a return to more strict measures may be warranted . 
  not at all : i am not even turning against that . 
  moreover : i hated the megathread solution . 
  but it is rather difficult to have a normal discussion about this if its gets hijacked by extremists and such . 
  as a rightwinger , i just do n't want those people around . 
  they infect everything they touch . 
  but yeah , this place gets brigaded . 
  there is : it has been proven multiple times by the mods . 
  i 'll link you a post from stormfront of all places , which was posted here some time back . 
  [ there you go ] ( https://i.imgur.com/szrcmdp.jpg ) . 
  but you should message the mods for this : they can explain you how much of a bother it is to them , at least much better than i can . 
  at least we 're tall . 
  that 's pretty accurate  . 
  no need to panic . 
  this shall not create instability : the current government ( syriza + anel ) will not change their opinion . 
  the only ` groundbreaking ' thing might be that syriza does not come out as the largest party in the upcoming elections . 
  a coalition between three parties ( or even more ) may be needed , but the deal with european nations will be unchanged . 
  there will almost surely be a majority for the current package . 
  well that is of course completely unfair , but i do n't think reddit got so many ` nazi mods ' - despite the existence of a few with their own agenda 's . 
  but as i said : it remains rather suspicious to see a new account that nearly completely focusses on the same very thing , taking previous brigading into account . 
  if you see multiple of such accounts in the same topic , while their opinions do not really differ and have a lot in common , we have crossed out of the realm of coincidences . 
  yeah , strictly speaking sex only served as a means for procreation , and not for relaxation or pleasure . 
  as you stated however : very few people think like that anymore , which makes the definition of sex a whole lot broader than it used to be a few decades ago . 
  interesting how important a single word can be in this context though . 
  i before noticed that one has to be rather careful in wording any ideas about it , to prevent people getting the impression that you consider the other side ` abnormal ' or ` wrong ' . 
  i ca n't 100 % prove or disprove it . 
  there are clues though . 
  first of all , he seems to mostly respond to the same very topics . 
  he created an account and immediatly 1 ) manages to find / r/europe , 2 ) decides to only comment on / r/europe ( after a few out of the ordinary comments on one other subreddit ) and 3 ) only comments on immigration issues . 
  since there are proven brigading attacks on this subreddit , this is highly suspicious , next to the lack of a flair . 
  many brigaders do n't use a flair because they do n't know how to seemingly equip one : they only come here as part of larger attack . 
  how much coordination there is behind it is unclear ; i 'll give you that . 
  it is telling though that you if you click on the accounts in an immigration topic that those accounts are often much younger than accounts in other topics . 
  whatever it is : the mods need to be on top of it and curtail it some way or another . 
  i am fine talking about this subject , given how extremely important it is , but to comment about it each day and every day would result in me being at least ` mildly obsessed ' by it . 
  the guy above by the way is an extremist : he would let people starve if possible . 
  we do n't need such people around here . 
  such savage views add nothing . 
  i think the guy expressed sarcasm . 
  not sure though . 
  check his account age and post history . 
  this account is a sockpuppet , that seems to only respond to topics regarding immigration . 
  you should read his comment about ` iq ' . 
  not weird , given that the male sex drive is much stronger . 
  yeah , default is a better way to describe it than ` normal ' . 
  using ` normal ' suggests that the opposite is ` abnormal ' and therefore weird , strange and sickly . 
  which it of course is n't . 
  ** edit : ** wow , why is this controversial ? 
  this is really how i 've heard several people reason in my direct surroundings , and often the usage of ` normal ' results in some kind of similar discussion . 
  it just leads to confusion among people , thus less ambigious terms like ` standard ' or ` default ' is a better way to describe heterosexuality . 
  i believe the current problem can be best solved by completely locking down ` fortress europe ' - and it should be possible if additional funds are allocated . 
  i for one can not believe that properly sealing off borders is more expensive than taking in hundreds of thousands of migrants . 
  there seems to be a lot of movement in this field , and the eu will likely stabilize the situation in a few years time . 
  hopefully as quickly as possible though . 
  a more controversial solution - which i favor - is sending soldiers to aid the current libyan government . 
  this will at least end the somalia-like lack of rule of law in libya and thwart human traffickers . 
  it will cost money in the short and mid term , but i 'd say it 's worth it . 
  after libya is no longer a safe haven for traffickers , all focus can go to greece . 
  alright , to get back at 3 and 4 .
