  misplaced politeness ? 
  an aversion to talking about ( and banning ) controversial stuff ? 
  it 's difficult to say . 
  you do n't tattoo your personal convictions on the body of your child , so why should you be allowed to circumcise or mutilate his/her body any other way ? 
  it 's not your decision to take as a parent . 
  it makes sense : after all , germany was the master in building a well oiled bureaucracy , and that demands detailed legislation . 
  but what about the position of judges when comparing both systems ? 
  is n't it true that the germanistic system tends to be more ` open ' whenever the applicable rule is n't clear enough ? 
  i have this idea in the back of my mind that a napoleonic judge will cast a verdict more in line with montesquieu his ideas about the judiciary ( ` la bouche de la loi ' ) , yet now i 'm getting curious about whether it is actually as correct as i presumed . 
  same here . 
  an attempt ( ` poging tot ' ) is punished with a sentence set at max seventy percent of the highest penalty possible . 
  preparations even less so . 
  difficult to say , but i believe germanistic law tends to be more ` open ' compared to napoleonic law , which got more of a habit of detailed codification . 
  in my memory , the germanistic type left more leeway to individual judges to fill in the gaps in the law as they see fit , where the same did ( much ) less apply to their counterparts in napoleonic inspired regions . 
  interesting . 
  i can also confirm this is one hundred percent correct for the netherlands : we indeed have such a mixed system , whereas the germanistic influence on our system has become stronger in the past few decades . 
  in the past it was certainly more napoleonic . 
  i know : could n't resist though . 
  he was elected more than once after all , and that will always stay in the back of my head . 
  who knows : maybe uncle silvio will get back in power via the back door as well . 
  good old times revisited . 
  i also do n't see that changing anytime soon after the outcome of the referendum . 
  people voted for a tendency towards sustained government instability , as there was not enough willingness to sacrifice other things for it . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone , but this does seem to be a fair conclusion . 
  away with facts and logic !, 
  do n't use your sorcery on me !, 
  wilders will not likely win , even though i can not say that for certain . 
  but the fact that he 's leading in the polls says nothing : we 've seen very wild swings pre-election before ( including with the pvv ) , and one mistake could burn his chances of victory away . 
  i 'd put wilders ' chances on winning the march elections here at around 25 % , max . 
  an italian source will suffice . 
  i 'll just run it through a translator or something . 
  thanks in advance . 
  there is no bottleneck in terms of government stability ? 
  i believe quite a few italian governments bit the dust in the senate ( including prodi 's government ) , where i just wanted to stipulate the fact that this is rather deviant compared to many other countries in europe . 
  mostly the lower house is * clearly * stronger than the senate and it works for many other countries , so why would n't it work in italy ? 
  it 's not like italy in terms of governance is fundamentally different than other countries . 
  the country that has had a grand total of 60 + governments since the end of world war ii could indeed use some more streamlining in my view : i 'd be sick of going to the ballot box every 1-2 years * on average * , and that is n't really unwarranted criticism is it ? 
  stability is what italy needs and this will necessarily go at the cost of other things . 
   the italian parliament has passed more laws in the last 20 years than the legislatures of france , germany , the uk or spain . 
  i almost do n't dare to ask about it to prevent coming over as pedantic , but could you source this ? 
  i 'm really curious about it . 
   i definitely , definitely do n't want a constitution that makes it easier for the government to steamroll over both parliament and local communities , and especially not one that lends itself to majority rule electoral systems of any kind ( like the electoral law that has passed together with the constitutional reform ) . 
  still , is n't this the daily reality in many other european states ? 
  the italian system where the senate is at least as powerful as the lower house is quite exceptional and i wonder whether the bottleneck it creates can even result in an ` even ' yes/no discussion . 
  it seems like the yes position is more defend-able than the opposite , but that 's just me . 
  although it is better to concede that the entire ` package ' you 're talking about is too broad - and even though you ca n't ask the people their opinion on everything , a second referendum on other parts of the proposal might 've been better . 
  collective punishment , sounds familiar . 
  oh yes , now i know it again : north korea does that as well . 
  seems like they 're not alone in their insane ideas . 
  i smell a nutjob ` white genocide ' theory coming up . 
  in a way , though there are more checks and balances out there than mere term limits . 
  also : power might corrupt , but i have this feeling it can not corrupt everyone . 
  whether merkel is part of the ` exception ' category is hard to tell though . 
  she does come over as sincere , so i do n't have any objections against a fourth term for her ( or anyone else that gives the same impression ) . 
  godspeed nevertheless . 
  you guys deserve better than this , but lets see how this all will turn out . 
  i 'd say the chances for a brexit are around 70 % at this point , even though the uk government and others like to suggest it 's more like 99 % . 
  a referendum of ` confirmation ' after negotiations are concluded is anything but a distant option , so there 's still some hope . 
  does he ? 
  clearly , it is n't part of his portfolio but does n't he ( and other government ministers ) have a say in the uk 's strategy for leaving the eu ? 
  also , since he also embodies the uk abroad i would n't want him messing with the delicate process of leaving the eu , something which he did . 
  the previous thing aside : johnson really is a terrible diplomat , that much has been shown so far ( and predicted beforehand ) . 
  honestly , if trump would nominate kanye west as his secretary of state i 'd say they 're both from the same tier in terms of qualifications . 
  yeah , britain is another country that suffers from fptp , and the rigidness it creates . 
  you have no idea how much i cringed due to the responses of british voters on reddit that said during the latest elections `` i voted strategically '' . 
  at which i immediately responded in my mind : ` yes , and you voted against your interest , stupid ' . 
  in short , the british people find themselves in a loop : there is no will to change the [ current voting system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_alternative_vote_referendum,_2011 ) ( even though the alternative in the 2011 referendum was not perfect ) , yet will find themselves in an underpowered or overpowered position post-elections . 
  as long as people in the uk do not care enough about the flawed system that creates this mess , not much will likely change . 
  and labour in the uk seems to be on the same path as dutch labour , that has completely lost touch with its voter base . 
  as we speak dutch labour is on 10 seats ( out of 150 ) in the polls , while currently occupying 40 in the second chamber . 
   `` he basically said : ` i do n't want free movement of people but i want the single market , ''' he told bloomberg . 
  `` i said : ` no way . ' he said : ` you 'll sell less prosecco . ' i said : ` ok , you 'll sell less fish and chips , but i 'll sell less prosecco to one country and you 'll sell less to 27 countries . ' putting things on this level is a bit insulting . '' minister calenda nailed it there . 
  the uk on average got way more to lose than the eu as a whole . 
  the only caveat is whether some countries , including my own , that are being harder hit than others should just accept it . 
  i tend to say ` yes ' ( otherwise there would be no point to the eu ) , but i 'd be way more damaging to my country than to to others in the eu . 
  that aside : johnson is a buffoon . 
  the guy is clearly unsuitable for his post . 
  well it appears to be a flat delta , so i 'll probably feel right home there . 
  is this a new thing , or something that occurs annually ? 
  which is in the case of seemingly unending immigration completely acceptable criticism . 
  criticism which i share : i do not think the asylum system will remain sustainable in the long run and therefore we should switch to funding regional entities to keep people in the region . 
  but when it comes down to terrorism , which problem is n't mostly financial but rather a matter of life or death , people seem to lose their ability to put things into perspective . 
  the odds of me dying in a car crash tomorrow are ( at least in the dutch case ) over a thousands greater than being caught up in a terror attack . 
  there are way more important risks that demand much more attention than they 're getting now . 
  that 's mostly what discussions in topics like these revolve around , the fear of being caught up in one , hence the outcry for extremely radical measures . 
  a fear that is irrational in my view , as the odds of it happening are just way too low . 
  they are afraid for a danger that could never - ever - bring the west to ruin as it stands now . 
  you can deduce as much from the radical measures people are proposing already , and the overly emotional outcries . 
  where it is simply blind anger , the verdict stays the same though : it is not commendable , nor a positive thing about present day society . 
  people lose their cool way too easily , due to something that happened hundreds if not thousands of kilometers away from them . 
  complain in a constructive manner and above all : do n't be impulsive . 
  you already see some of those guys in this topic again imposing the acts of one guy on an entire community , something you simply can not logically do . 
  though it could be radicals commenting which are simply drawn to topics like these . 
  or vote accordingly , that is if the people complaining are actually voters . 
  there is plenty of choice in european countries if you 're opposed to immigration . 
  not really : cowardism is being suggested here by how easily the mostly young people on reddit are impressed and swayed by the acts of one madman . 
  it is thinly veiled fear , and sometimes i wonder how european society got like this . 
  also , i am not in favor of immigration , in case you 're wondering , nor do i consider islam to be any positive factor in europe . 
  at this point setting out some disclaimers might be best , to avoid the usual framing . 
  there is not much need to do so , as it is obvious .
