  all the empty churches around us ironically remind us of that . 
   it was never supposed to be some kind of world police . 
  it [ was ] ( http://www.ibiblio.org/jwsnyder/wisdom/pdd25.html ) , at least in the eyes of the people that drafted the charter . 
  that is why i said that the creators of the united nations had a common army in mind , something that we would nowadays call a ` standing peacekeeping force ' or anything else covering the same context . 
   `` nevertheless , the drafters seriously considered providing for a standing united nations army , but they eventually scuttled the idea in favor of the framework outlined in article 43 . '', 
  you can still see the ghosts of what the creaters of the charter wanted to see realized in article 43 its wording . 
  of course i did n't mean that the un was solely meant as a kind of world police ( you are right that it mainly serves as a communication platform , nowadays almost exclusively in practice ) , but the league of nations was a forum for communication as well . 
  we all know what happened to the un its predecessor - the one that was equally powerless to stop atrocities all over the world . 
  you should not downplay that harsh truth , as well as giving the un too much credit . 
  the un by reasonable standards has failed to bring peace , despite brave attempts to the contrary . 
  the pavlov responses on this one comment is beyond me . 
  almost everyone that responded to this pulled what i said out of context , and the same is the case here . 
  the fact that you categorized me as a reactionary made it complete . 
  the un can not enforce its own rules and basic principles ; that is why it is fundamentally flawed . 
  apparantly the creators of the united nations charter envisioned a un equipped with its own army , but this was in the end not deemed possible . 
  this , together with the horrible mistake of not limiting veto powers , ensured the un would become the teethless tiger it is today . 
  nothing will change in the future without treaty change . 
  and that very veto will prevent it all the way . 
  agreed : you have a point here . 
  i can really listen to farage for hours on end and still be in a state of wanting to hear more , even though i disagree with him at the very same time !, 
  he really likes to use an ad hominem style of reasoning and to play the blame game , but i understand it out of his political convictions . 
  that aside , he truly is one of the most charismatic politicians i have ever come across , that 's for sure . 
  there is not a single politician in the netherlands that can catch my interest the way he does . 
  not even close . 
  if you would n't mind : it is without a doubt interesting to compare the criticism uttered back then to the situation that is unraveling now . 
  a national pastime just about everywhere . 
  to return to this discussion for one last time , i just noticed how extremely relevant [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2f8nymco2i ) still is today . 
  i take it you were referring to these debates ? 
  and children apparantly loved the guy . 
  it shows the emptyness of the reductio ad hitlerum . 
   44 % of the french trust german chancellor merkel to solve crisis between the eu and greece ; 24 % trust french president hollande a splendid display of the friendly ties between both nations . 
  amusing to see how the french apparantly trust the german chancellor much more than their own leader concerning this topic . 
  i would say because the present situation directly influences the future of the european union , at least concerning the nature of the relationship between the eu and individual member states . 
  there is a real scenario of greece leaving the eu in the short or mid term ( indeed , greece can not be forced out via the treaties , but applied diplomatic pressure might result in a ` voluntary ' exit ) . 
  something that is undesirable , but possible . 
  i liked the way the eu parliament handled this : it felt like a real , potent parliament that discussed about important matters . 
  the entire parliament became more alive . 
  if even guy verhofstadt manages to get you into a moral corner you must surely be doing something wrong . 
  the battle between ideology and pragmaticism will be won in favor of any of the two this week , question is which one will win . 
  at this point ` ideology ' seems to have the upper hand , but as we say in dutch : ` onder druk wordt alles vloeibaar ' . 
  or loosely translated : ` everything becomes fluid if put under pressure ' . 
   but i doubt you 'd like it imposed on you by someone else who thinks that 's the thing : i do not consider it ` the one true solution ' or want to impose it on the greeks . 
  they decide on their future , whatever turn it may take . 
  i agree completely that a problem arises when another country ( for example germany or the netherlands ) would support a change of government in greece . 
  whenever internal change takes place without any external stimuli , it remains a truly domestic matter . 
  the guy that called for change by military means wants to impose such ideas - and as such i will never agree with him . 
  i simply responded to the option of a coup d'etat * without external support * . 
  in hindsight it was rather unfortunate of not making that clear , as there seems to be a lot of emotion in play here ( judging from the replies ) . 
  it might have looked like i agreed with that guy to imposing ` regime change ' , however i do not . 
  at that point i even completely agree to your point of view . 
  change as described is a theoretical option that is not desirable , as it in itself leads to impredictable outcomes . 
  but a point may be reached where such uncertainty can be considered preferable above a government that is deadset on destroying the country . 
  again , you ignore what i said . 
  whether you ignore it on purpose is starting to get a real scenario here , but let me get over it again part by part :  yes : let 's start by maybe accepting the notion that we do not have the right to run the world , or to tell other people ( and nations ) how to run their fucking country or structure their society . 
  no one is telling anyone what should happen : that decision belongs to the greek people and them alone . 
  i have given my opinion on what could happen , but in the end i do not decide and neither do you . 
  it is a bit of a waste of time to emphasize how obvious this is . 
   so a short-term departure of democracy from greece is ok , because only just for the moment , we swear !!, 
  greece 's current democratic outcome is not to your liking ? 
  again , you connect my ideas ( and probably any assumed hidden financial motives ) to the reason why the current government - if it does not change its ways - should leave . 
  the point to be made here is that the greek government is killing the nation by its actions . 
  to be precise : my opinion on the latest referendum is rather neutral , if not in favor of the result : debt write-off 's are necessary anyways . 
  even the imf confirmed it lately , as you likely know as well . 
  what is happening here is that the current government feels itself strengthened by the latest referendum and wants to push a zero-austerity agenda , effectively not wanting to reform anymore . 
  and that includes greece it 's bloated public sector , which is many times bigger than the dutch one . 
  if a government denies that pain must be inflicted if that serves the greek state in the long run , it is unfit to rule . 
  not everyone can be appeased , despite how tempting it is for politicians to do * just that * . 
  about the short term departure part : indeed , i have no problem at all confirming that i consider it ok , as long as power is returned to the people in the short or mid term . 
  i will emphasize , ad nauseum , that we are talking about a highly unlikely option , but this is how it should play out . 
   i did not read the rest of your post . 
  i have no interest in seeing anymore of your fascist tripe . 
  you will never be in a position of power to accomplish any of it , and thank god ( or whoever you might prefer ) for that . 
  i consider you mentally ill , if not ( war ) criminally insane , and a total megalomaniac . 
  and that is where you morally lost : you are so convinced of being ` right ' that you refuse to look at things objectively . 
  examples like the one above , or this :  you , parabellum8g , are most certainly not the voice on the interest of the greek people . 
   jesus christ , you sound like you 'd fit right in with some 1950s/1960s cia strategy planners . 
  i am absolutely ashamed and disgusted are clearly all highly emotional and rather irrational . 
  you choose emotion over reason , and that is where you lost yourself . 
  slamming the door and saying ` bye , bye , i am right , lalalala ' does not make you smarter in any way . 
  quite on the contrary . 
  the thing is , you are comparing our current situation to the situation in greece , where both are not comparable as of today . 
  far from comparable to be frank . 
   it 's obvious the current government has been hijacked by corporate and banking interests and it is only a matter of time until it moves on from abusing foreigners to abusing its own people . 
  maybe you were being cynical here , but probably you were n't . 
  if you think that we have been ` hijacked ' by it - and even manage to prove it in some credible manner - there would still be little cause for such an ultimate solution . 
  i believe you missed my point about an option i would like to see not happen if possible : whatever happens in greece this week decides the future of this nation for the next 30 years at least . 
  it 's economy is crumbling , effectively living on life support . 
  it 's own government is not willing to tell the people what must happen to survive , even if that encompasses harsh measures . 
  it is not willing to take measures necessary to ensure the best possible future for the greek people . 
  there might be a move towards moscow as well , with all risks associated to it . 
  it is not difficult to see that both nations are in a completely different situation . 
  i consider the comparison rather ` cheap ' and you seem to dodge around what i said , if only to score on my decision to make myself a target . 
  i could 've joined the circklejerk , but i did n't . 
  at times , this place would be better of with less groupthink and more rational thought . 
   i am absolutely ashamed and disgusted to be from the same country as someone advocating this mad and criminal undertaking . 
  maybe it is better to get off the high horse : the only thing on my agenda is the survival of greece in the long term , not killing democracy in the long term . 
  whatever harsh measures need to be taken in the short term are of no concern if greece its longterm survival is therefore secured . 
  the world wide economy of the 21st century is relentless , and greece needs to adjust to this today , and * not * tomorrow . 
  it really is born out of my discontempt for greece its current leaders and how greece is destroying itself by their measures ( or to be precise , lack of measures ) . 
  if tsipras is interested in driving ** his own people off a cliff ** , once again , the option above should be considered as a * last resort * .
