  this will sadly boast the campaigns of the pvv , ukip and fn to name a few examples . 
  tell to that an electorate that is extremely susceptible to campaigning and beautiful promises , even after all the betrayal of the last few years . 
  i wish voters were as intelligent as the average person reacting here , but that is n't the case the vast majority of times . 
  one of the failures of democracy sadly . 
  france was slowly united under the ancien regime . 
  in that it was one of the first unitary states in europe ( together with england ) . 
  not really nice to play it out in public like this , but why not . 
  i take it that brussels got nothing to hide , right ? 
  good old anglo-franco relationships . 
  it remains amazing if you look at it in hindsight . 
  to add to this : society will rather benefit if someone needs to be threated only one year , instead of 15 or 20 years because of chronic illness . 
  getting older does not necessarily mean living longer in dire condition . 
  also , treatments get more effective by the year , which means that risk behavior may more unlikely result in death , hence people would in greater numbers become a burden to society . 
  the advances in medical treatments also urge us to really think the current system over again . 
  the immediate sale of drugs is not taxed with vat , but you make a good point here : the net profit of a coffeeshop is - depending on the legal form of the business - taxed with corporation tax or income tax . 
  people on the paylist will also be taxed with ` loonheffing ' ( a workers tax that is being levied each and every month and in normal situations is equal to income tax ) . 
  although these remain shady sectors at best . 
  transactions are still mostly ( exclusively ) made in cash , which makes it easier to evade taxes . 
  moreover : coffeeshops are just one part of a huge , mostly illicit drug industry . 
  harddrugs like cocaine and xtc are of course not being taxed in any way , and that includes its sellers and people distributing it . 
   but the netherlands taxes activities like prostitution and certain drug sales i just wanted to add the following to this statement : when it comes down to prostitution only that part of the ` sector ' that has been regulated actually pays taxes . 
  i am completely confident that the vast majority of prostitution over here is not being taxed , as it by nature remains more of a clandestine type of business . 
  as for drugs : no way . 
  there has been a discussion going on about this topic for years already , and we should indeed tax the sale of cannabis products but so far it has not happened yet . 
  sure , it is all part of the maturation proces . 
  however , that does not mean that a party is free to make promises that it can not hope to keep up . 
  that , in my eyes , is pure moral betrayal and even criminal . 
  and that has happened a lot of here , which has resulted in people becoming ever more apathic concerning politics . 
  it is really detrimental to the public 's trust in its leaders and should be curtailed by law . 
  but that 's another discussion . 
  i do n't know who suggested it here , but someone said that both nations ( russia and sweden ) can basically keep playing the denial game . 
  that means that this outcome can also mean that sweden destroyed that sub , how unlikely it seems to be . 
  though it might have happened . 
   nothing extra is demanded of the netherlands - just their due . 
  come on , you ca n't seriously want to keep this up . 
  a new method was released on calculating the eu budget , and therefore the net contribution sum was altered for some countries , including the netherlands . 
  contributions were surely raised as a result ( or lowered ) . 
  in practice , by changing the base , the net contribution has very much risen . 
  not by altering the percentage , but by other means . 
   secondly , though this has to do with internal dutch politics : if you government keeps on telling you they have to cut expenses when the gdp has obviously risen , you can draw your own political conclusions from that . 
  i have to admit that i do n't follow on this point . 
  would you mind explaining your position in greater detail on this matter ? 
  this . 
  it is amazing how many historical court cases in front of the cjeu were about france 's ` interpretation ' of european law . 
  many examples of ` how it should n't be done ' directly involve the french republic . 
  well i do n't know if you understand how much of an impact the current crisis had on state finances . 
  we do n't have half a billion quid lying around here . 
  in order to get the budget within 3 % boundaries we pretty much had to nibble away dozens of millions in many places . 
  it is likely that additional measures will indeed be necessary to cough up the tip brussels is asking for . 
  in normal times i indeed would n't pull a hair for such an amount of money , but we can not have this right now . 
  no , you are not getting away with this framing attempt you try to pull of here . 
  a lot of people in this topic - ` morons ' apparantly - talk about this bill as a punishment , because that is what it * feels * like at face value . 
  whether or not it is directly related to true punishment is of less importance . 
  serious sacrifices were made here , yet this measure feels like ` payback ' for the netherlands its stance and the fact that we kept the more serious effects of the recession at bay . 
  some other countries , france being the prime example , indeed seem to get rewarded for their own failures . 
  this is a precarious time and the timing could n't be worse , not to mention that a new calculating method simply gets released on years dating way back . 
  this method was not going concern back then and therefore it should only be used for future budgetary calculations . 
  people talk of punishment because that is what it boils down politically . 
  countries that have done pretty well get a massive bill , and even that is not the reason for the bill it sure is a terrible signal . 
  what i do loathe is that a lot of people in this topic get on the moral high ground , including some of the people from countries that actually benefit from this . 
  almost no one seems to be questioning the methods used , or the fact that the eu embraced a new method and went back as far as the nineties to get to this number . 
  by all means a new method should be limited to future years . 
  and where did i say that juncker did this ? 
  i am saying that this simply is a terrible start for his new commission . 
  you know , the one that has set the goal win back trust from the people regarding the eu . 
  also , you seem to be extremely sure that juncker did not know about this . 
  rest assured that he has long been informed about all the ins and outs by barroso . 
  my position on ukraine is undecided . 
  i agree to what you say . 
   mark rutte , the dutch prime minister , was said to be onside , after the netherlands was also asked to make top-up payment of # 507million . 
  i guess that is what we deserve for ... keeping our finances in order ? 
  anyhow , this is * again * some extremely bad press for the eu , especially towards uk citizens . 
  although people here will not take this lightly as well , as it might even demand more austerity measures to pay the latest bill from brussels . 
  seems like the juncker commission is off to a flying start . 
  out of curiosity : i happen to know a guy from lithuania , and he told me that prices for gas really are soaring , if not extremely high . 
  is this correct ? 
  welcome to the club . 
  the local social democrat club over here ( pvda ) pretty much got the same , treacherous reputation . 
  but people get to be ruled by those they deserve : each and everytime the pvda gets elected with more seats than expected because of a well oiled campaigning machine . 
  that could be , but personally i believe that people have this tendency to quickly scream ` fascist ! ', 
  or some other form of terminology that comes close to supposed power abuse . 
  if people were all responsible i would n't even have to propose such a plan , but apparantly a lot of adult citizens can not take responsibility when it comes down to such mundane things . 
  over here ( i do n't know how it 's arranged there ) the nhi means that everyone pays for everyone else 's afflictions . 
  this type of model is a social model that does not exempt individuals from taking responsibility . 
  in the end everyone deserves help whenever things go wrong in a medical sense , but to tax obese people ( for example ) more to compensate for this seems fair in my eyes . 
  maybe it 's my perception of france , but as far as i know the income divide is much worse in france compared to the netherlands . 
  it 's not like we have it worse over here . 
  not saying that you do n't have a point : i too have noticed this shift of people being payed less at an increased workload , while at the same time they 're being stabbed in the back by decreasing social security . 
  that is something that needs to be solved , but it also is the result of a sick management culture that will take many years to heal . 
  i 've seen my share of examples of people in ` management ' positions that were completely unfit as leaders , with dire results of course . 
  the free market indeed does not belong in the world of healthcare . 
  i 'm not so sure about public transport , as i do not consider public transport a core interest of the state . 
  maybe it is even a bit of a socialist hobby to maintain state control over such things . 
  you are suggesting that the vvd ( at least , i expect it is this party ) gets funded by de mol and mens ? 
  because that would be new to me . 
  at the same time they are free to do so of course , but i am not known with this fact . 
  touch\u00e9 , but frenchman do not protest because of austerity in general , but because it is moreover part of culture . 
  over here people indeed tend to have a big mouth but when push comes to shove everyone will just lift his/her shoulders and swallow it whole . 
  not ideal as well , but protesting even when the policy you crusade against is the fault of your lack of competitiveness and innovation is just idiotic . 
  take for example french peasants that just park a truck filled with wine on top of a hill and that release the contents down the road to make a ` statement ' .
