  for some reason this did n't show up in my comment . 
   ` this is something the un should have investigated , and not a biased nation like the netherlands ' . 
  i beg your pardon ? 
  we did everything to make the investigation as objective as possible and adhering to the highest legal standards . 
  even to the point that it takes longer than could be asked of the people that have lost their loved ones in that damn crash . 
  fortunately rt is n't biased . 
  thank god for that . 
   could you name some of the differences which has n't existed anywhere in europe in the near past ? 
  well , if you phrase it like that it is going to be difficult . 
  i do n't even know whether it is relevant to couple history to the present day state of russia . 
  russia has been the stage of the largest political experiment in history and we all know how that turned out in the end . 
  as you know much better than me : this left a lasting mark on the russian people . 
  compared to other slavic nations i 'd say that the absence of a functioning state of law - including de facto separation of powers ( next to de jure ) - is the most striking difference . 
  then there is nationalistic sentiment to be found there which is completely out of the ordinary in europe . 
  i dare to say that not a single european nation , save serbia maybe , remotely approaches the level of nationalism russia knows . 
  the lack of freedom ( although connected to the absence of a real and functioning state of law ) is one of the most defining characteristics of russia as of 2015 . 
  arguably this is the direct result of putin his hand and the people surrounding him , but let 's not forget that people support him as well in large numbers . 
  this is what perpetuates the cycle . 
  no , but it * increases * the likelyhood they are . 
  i 'm not proposing a perfect system , but a better system . 
  when society advances so must its leadership . 
  wow , that is a striking example of hypocrisy . 
  thanks for sharing it with us . 
  the outlawing of conquest as a legitimate means to acquire territory and the general ban on non-defensive warfare has contributed to that the most i 'd reckon . 
  next to the widespread placement of nuclear weapons , which makes any war between major nuclear powers an irrational decision . 
  not saying that you are completely wrong - as democracy can lead to a healthy national dialogue - but it surely has not been succesful everywhere . 
  almost all african nations for example are democracies and just look at what became of it . 
  thank you . 
  could some german tell me if this man at the moment gets burned by the mainstream media ? 
  of course that would mostly happen on ideological or perceived morally superior grounds . 
  the criticism on britain seems to have increased dramatically ever since cameron took office . 
  a lot can be discussed about how the eu could be improved , but openly considering to leave the eu if certain unilateral conditions regarding the renegotiation of the uk 's membership are n't met is rather aggressive in nature . 
  take for example the will to renegotiate one or more of the ` freedoms ' in the treaties : that is completely out of this world considering that the eu is built on those very sections of eu law . 
  britain receives backlash because it became the posterboy for euroscepticism in europe , in turn aided by the tabloids . 
  you could say that it gets treated like it is behaving , that being as a bad , unfaithful member . 
  i really do not want to see britain go , moreover i want it to work as a counterbalance to other large nations in the eu - but not at every price . 
  de facto to the jure . 
  a further shift from supranationalism to ( con ) federalism . 
  concerning belgium : i expect that flanders and wallonia would both put a claim on brussels , and this would be the ultimate solution . 
  it does not : i simply draw the border based on culture and shared values , not by more abstract geographical concepts . 
  then there are a few countries that are in the grey zone like ukraine , but that 's something else . 
  still , russia seems mostly culturally different than similar to europe on a vast range of subjects . 
  let us not forget that russia was a isolated country for a long time and therefore developed separately . 
  even the fall of the soviet union could not mediate this . 
  there is a case to be made about saying that the russian people ( save 1991 till mid 2000 's or so ) have never been truly free . 
  by their own history they are one of the most unfortunate peoples on the world . 
  it does ? 
  you should check how many democracies utterly failed and even instigated internal conflict . 
  or how the ballot box can be misused to oppress minorities ( e.g. 
  turkey ) . 
  because the uk is rather alone in the type of demands it makes . 
  the renegotiation of eu membership is certainly no important topic in mainland europe . 
  to be more precise : the backlash britain receives is mostly the result of cameron . 
  fully support you on this one : well put . 
  a staggering amount of people just refuse to think about better systems of government and think that present day democracy is the endgame . 
  it is not . 
  exactly . 
  this was actually openly discussed by the media during belgium 's record breaking government formation crisis . 
  makes it easier as well , as people could refer to brussels as ` the capital ' . 
  democracy in its current form is a failing system : it seems to border on mob rule . 
  it does n't get much more controversial than that on / r/europe , where the ballot box is a bit too often seen as the ultimate oracle . 
  i did n't have the time to thank you yesterday , so here you go : thank you !, 
  sad to see another example of blatantly fact free politics . 
  maybe a large favor , but could you try to find it ? 
  i would try it myself , but have no idea where to look . 
  also : the vvd is more down the middle as i said , but certainly not friendly towards cannabis . 
  a bit weird , as most vvd voters apparantly do n't share that sentiment if i recall correctly . 
  it is : i am a complete opponent to such limited testing . 
  but then again , it is part of a wider legal/moral debate on how much should be allowed towards an illegal drug . 
  i 'm completely in favor of legalising xtc , but without political support it is not going to happen . 
  in the meanwhile people that use xtc here stay stuck with half-baked solutions as above . 
  you ca n't get rid of your turkish nationality even if you were to try , as turkey is one of the few nations in the world that has made it nearly impossible for its citizens to give up on their own nationality . 
  thus all first and probably second generation turks in the netherlands are eligible to vote . 
  rough translation : * turks in the netherlands have received a letter from the turkish prime minister davutoglu . 
  in the letter he calls to vote for the ak party in the upcoming elections . 
  * * many turks have responded displeased and ask themselves how the ak party managed to get a hold on their personal addresses . 
  how many letters were sent is not known . 
  * * the dutch edition of the turkish ` zaman ' magazine received dozens of reports by people . 
  ` i 'm no member of the ak party , so where did they get my data from ? ', 
  someone asks . 
  * * the turkish consulate denies passing on said personal details . 
  the union of european turkish democrats and the dutch department of the ak party also claim they have nothing to do with it . 
  * * ` that is remarkable , as the ak-bureau in hamburg writes that they 've sent a letter to 600.000 voters ' , says hakan b\u00fcy\u00fck , journalist at zaman . 
  * * b\u00fcy\u00fck does not believe the turkish consolute is completely uninvolved . 
  ` it is either the turkish consulate , or the association of diaynet mosques . 
  they are the only entities that have said personal details at their disposal . 
  ' * * according to b\u00fcy\u00fck not only ak party members have received the letter , but also people aligned to other parties . 
  ` even dutch turks without a dutch passport have received the letter . 
  ' * * the fact that the ak party is campaigning in the netherlands is understandable . 
  at the last elections dutch turks voted massively in favor of the ak party . 
  * * nowhere outside of turkey is erdogan 's party as popular among turks . 
  cda is actually the most extreme , together with the sgp i think . 
  the cda even considers the existence of coffeeshops ' a mistake ' and wants to crack down on it . 
  those are the worst enemies to personal freedom when it comes down to use of drugs , the vvd is somewhere more down the middle . 
  in the past you could let it be tested on festivals , but the government has discontinued that practice already over a decade ago - the reasoning behind it being that it worked ` stimulating ' . 
  you can send your xtc ( and many other drugs for that matter ... ) to the ~ ~ trimbos ~ ~ jellinek institute ( or some other associated organisation ) and they 'll test it for a small fee . 
  you wo n't get your stuff back if you go for the laboratory test , so in general you buy like say 10 pills and send 1 or 2 to trimbos for testing . 
  they in turn will send the results back to you . 
  so , no testing on location , but you can test via this entity beforehand . 
  not ideal , but that 's how it works nowadays .
