  i think that entire threat of greece being ` forced ' out of the eurozone and out of the eu in case of a ` no ' was simply intimidation and bluff . 
  there is no point in granting putin a foothold in southern europe , nor is it is reasonable to maintain the same rigid attitude and thus lose 100 % of the money lended to greece . 
  cutting 30 % off will ensure that you at least get the most part back , compared to having to write off the entire sum . 
  the main problem here - since the very beginning - is how this has to be sold to northern european taxpayers , as they together with france have contributed the most to greece . 
  this is the nightmare of all other governments involved as they will be coerced to explain why effective fiscal transfers will take place now . 
  after all , debt write off in practice means the same : a transfer of wealth from north to south . 
  whatever they come up with , dijsselbloem will leave in disgrace : he presided over this mess and in a few days time it 'll become clear he was just bluffing . 
  his position will be impossible to maintain and his upcoming re-election ruined . 
  general elections mostly revolve around simply issues that do n't lend themselves for much useful discourse , together with mostly minor complicated questions . 
  i will admit : people often in those cases still do n't really know what the best is for them , but even then they have a small clue or something . 
  here , they can not possibly know what is best for them as there are a huge amount of unseen factors at play , many of them relying on future events to get proper shape . 
  people with the right experience need to decide on what is best here , not lay citizens . 
  your example of plato his philosopher kings was right of sorts , as i indeed have a strong tendency towards meritocratic and technocratic government features . 
  i actually would like to see a dictatorship : the dictatorship of the wise . 
  that means that many democracies would do best in eliminating almost the entire career politician class and setting minimum standards that government officials have to meet . 
  what happened here in greece was again caused by one of the shortcomings of democracy : a vision on the short term . 
  people with long term vision could have prevented this and would have simply told the people the harsh truth whenever necessary . 
  they could have ruled out of experience and because of their excellent credentials in their respective field . 
  but they did n't : the right people do not rule . 
  that is what makes me so extremely cynical about this self destructive system . 
  i actually think that in a far , dystopic future a return to more autocratic , less-democratic systems ( even a monarchy , but that 's not my preference ) may be the wise choice . 
  we might - or we are even bound to - reach that stage already in 50 years . 
  you still did n't answer his question : was the referendum in itself - as an instrument - the right choice here ? 
  and when trying to answer that , forget any emotional connection to democracy and just look at it from a practical point of view . 
  that includes properly evaluating whether the people as a whole - based on their susceptibility to being influenced and overall knowledge on this highly specialized subject - could reasonably answer the question . 
  ( repeat ), 
  no , not by a longshot . 
  but compared to the turmoil of the past five years , there is a noticable increase . 
  not to say that it has been peaceful ( not at all ! ), 
  during this period , but the internal situation has worsened . 
  my position is the greek people are completely unable to decide upon what is best here , as the topic at hand is way too complicated . 
  the same would apply to any other people - i do n't care where in the world - that would find themselves in the same situation . 
  but here we are : a referendum has been called nevertheless , burdoning the greek people with an impossible responsibility ( as well as huge risks ) . 
  abstaining makes sense - if only to send a clear message that leaders need to take some fucking ** responsibility ** , no matter whether those persons play a role domestically or internationally . 
  abstaining would in my opinion likely result in a ` no ' vote , as i feel that the ` no ' camp is slightly more inclined to vote . 
  the numbers of those that abstain will probably be mostly drawn from the ` yes ' camp . 
  it remains a guess though . 
  indeed , the history of greece says enough in that regard . 
  but this divide has seemingly never reached this overly passionate stage : it is really starting to escalate to new levels at this point it seems . 
  it lasted long enough to make a point . 
  with the major subreddits already switching back to business as usual , it is logical for / r/europe to follow . 
  edit : wow , what the hell is this ? 
  i know that / r/europe has gone to shit if this is a controversial comment . 
  i was just giving my opinion , jesus christ . 
  it is not like / r/europe was an exotic exception among the dozens if not hundreds of larger subreddits that went dark . 
  i guess it has to do with me - in a mere two sentences - saying those things both camps in favor and against do n't like . 
  just stop by for a minute and consider this : what would be the most terrible result ? 
  i 'll tell you . 
  not a clear yes or a clear no to a no longer existing proposal . 
  the worst result would be somewhere along the lines of 49/51 or 51/49 , effectively dividing the greek people . 
  tsipras has driven a wedge through the already fragile unity of his own people with this referendum , and no matter the outcome , the divide among the greek people will increase significantly . 
  this will not immediatly subside after the outcome of the referendum . 
  the results are likely to be long lasting and could easily lead to increased violence . 
  call me a fool , but i am taking a scenario of civil war - slim as it is at the moment - into account as a realistic result of this misery . 
  last week i said to my father ` tsipras has given his own people a rope to hang themselves with ' . 
  at the time i was referring to a possible ` no ' vote , yet a slight victory for either the yes or no camp might be the most disastrous outcome here . 
  it is tragic to see a people being ripped apart this way and whatever the truth is at this point , it sure is damn well hidden . 
  i have no idea what should happen on sunday . 
  more like principles , and principles that stayed close to core values of human society . 
  nowadays idealism only too often equals irrational thought and uncompromising behavior even when pragmatism demands you to make another move . 
  there is something to be said that everything that ends on ` ism ' leads to moral corruption in some way or another ; just like religion , idealism promotes inflexibility and undeniable truths . 
  not always , but when you get to the core of liberalism , socialism , christian-democracy - or whatever mix of ideologies or ` ways ' you prefer - there are always certain ideas that will never be compromised on . 
  you could say : that 's fine , to each his own . 
  however when a reasonable decision gets postponed * because * of the same illogical considerations , a problem comes into existence . 
  the failing nature of many of our democracies , difficult as it is to see for many people , is fueled by this lack of pragmatism . 
  it chokes the advancement of many democracies in europe , while facilitating the rise of other better organised and above all more pragmatic systems of government . 
  a bit of mediterranean blood tends to help . 
  indeed , although i will pass on the blame game for now . 
  what we do know for sure is that this plebescite has really added a whole new , unpredictable variable to an already messed up situation . 
  but if you watched closely the past few weeks you noticed that the ` negotiations ' were a game of chicken . 
  tsipras his main strategy has been unmasked as scaring the eu for a greek default , but in the absence of an actual response showing that the eu cared everything fell into the water . 
  the position of the greek government over the past few months has been shown to be ` all or nothing ' and now nothing has come out as a result , panic strikes . 
  it reminds us on how important proper diplomacy is in preventing such sad outcomes . 
  first and foremost : the greek population is completely unable to decide on this topic as it is horribly complex . 
  the same would go for our peoples if we were to find ourselves in the same situation . 
  yet we have to accept the situation that has been created now , thus the best thing here is to hope that people will give in to their natural longing to security and predictability , and thus will vote ` yes ' for the ( no longer existant ) proposals that were discussed previously . 
  after a referendum it is ` difficult ' to ignore the result , thus i think there could be a new deal in short time . 
  a no vote would be disastrous , even though greece might still have a negotiation position left at the point . 
  it all depends on how gladly the eu wants to keep moscow and beijing away from southern europe compared to their wishes to see similar syriza-like iniatives like podemos being crushed before those manage to sprout . 
  it 's the guardian after all : you have to take the opinions published there with a pinch of salt . 
  this response is pretty much equal to the people that immediatly yell ` fascism ! ', 
  when the government tries to infringe a little bit on people 's rights . 
  europe without greece equals abundant realism that is not being challenged by borderline idealism . 
  sounds like the right thing , but there is no way i would like to see greece leave . 
  there still is hope though : #sunday, 
  i sadly noticed it after posting when checking some related links on reddit . 
  my bad it seems , as multiple people doubt the credibility of the source . 
  yep . 
  ironically the lingua franca of today is english . 
  that harsh reality must still hurt in one way or another . 
  edit : and there 's the first downvote !, 
  another stereotype confirmed : not being able to take a joke . 
  interesting . 
  about your editted question first : it is intended to be jack of all trades , i.e. 
  a multirole aircraft . 
  the f16 throughout the years has sort of developed towards the same goal with all its technical updates . 
  the f35 will no doubt outshine the f16 in a myriad of other tasks , although not in this field . 
  it seems weird that a ` fighter ' aircraft can not perform one of those most fundamental tasks , but maybe i am thinking in ' 70 's / ' 80 's tactics . 
  to attack my own prevous point that the f35 is too fat and can not properly dodge missiles : apparantly the newest missiles are so well developed that it could very well be impossible to dodge them as it would require pushing a human well above the normal 9g limit . 
  i understand the focus on stealth aircraft but it only seems to make sense in the short to midterm .
