  they can not wait to turn this one young , confused guy into a statistic on its own . 
  the worst part is probably how they immediatly and without any shame start preaching politics , preferably when the bodies of the victims of an attack are still warm . 
  if there 's any german person out there with more specific details , feel free to jump in !, 
  things like the number of people dead/critically injured ( lets hope no one died . . ) , the perpetrator 's motives , his background , etc. 
  maybe there are some details known already . 
  confirmed troll , or either insanely bad at staying on topic . 
  whatever it is , go away . 
  you 're obviously not needed here . 
  it 's sad the eu is partly to blame for what is happening to turkey in 2016 though . 
  the eu furiously pushed for limiting the political power of the turkish armed forces , and what did that result in after more than a decade of erdogan in control ? 
  eu membership for turkey has been a joke since forever , but we can not pass up on the eu its long term role in the downfall of the turkish state of law . 
  also about a * hundred * general officers have been arrested so far . 
  that 's a huge part of the turkish armed forces ' leadership . 
  we have way too little information at this point to conclude that is more likely . 
  i 've noticed this theory is getting an awful lot of airplay , but without further proof to it there 's no point in spreading it further . 
  a poorly planned coup , or differently , a hastily executed coup , could easily end as this one did . 
  not to say some kind of elaborate conspiracy is excluded as an option , but it seems less feasible at this point . 
  you might as well spill it , as at this point i think it is n't exactly the ` impopular ' opinion here . 
  and by that i also mean not exclusively on reddit , judging from what i 've seen on other places on the internet since the attempt . 
  curious that this happened , as erdogan obviously was the highest valued target of the putchists . 
  it 's another example of the plotters being in a hurry and not communicating properly , otherwise i reckon erdogan would not have landed at istanbul . 
  this detail of the failed coup will probably go into history in that sense . 
  apologies then : it 's just that i see many ( far - ) left leaning germans on reddit , hence my accusation of the ` average ' german i come across on some subreddits . 
  as for my personal opinion : it is irrational at this point to say the soldiers in question do not deserve the protection of the law , just because they tried to overthrow the government . 
  i think that still stands , no matter where you belong on the political spectrum . 
  well i do n't know . 
  but i am really surprised about that remark of yours , that being that i supported a coup against syriza just for syriza winning the elections . 
  for me that 's not worth it . 
  it might be different if syriza would 've put the country down a path of total ruin , but that did not happen as well ( even though there were some hiccups on the way ) . 
  you might be confused about me as i have on certain , limited occassions talked favorably about meritocracy as a democracy 2.0 and even more rarely about coups as a last case scenario . 
  that means that i keep the option of a coup d'etat open , even though it in itself always remains a negative thing . 
  the only thing that can outbalance is it is a government that can be seen as * more negative * in the long run , and it takes ** a lot ** for that to happen . 
  that also means that democracy ca n't be overturned ` just like that ' , but it also confirms that i 'm no fun of junta 's or military rule in general . 
  it 's just that we should not declare democracy to be perfect or inable to do harm , where there 's plenty of proof it can given the right circumstances . 
  true . 
  i only expect the average german redditor to defend democracy ad nauseum , even to the point it 's not a rational thing to do anymore as in the case of turkey . 
  it 's just that germany still got a massive trauma as a result of its ww2 defeat that still echoes in its present day values . 
  that does n't mean you 're bad guy though , but just a bit naive in situations like these . 
  just to make it all clear : these soldiers did not deserve this . 
  even by breaking the law they are still entitled to the protection of the law , as that law is the law of the land . 
  that means no extrajudicial executions or other ius tallionis-like practices . 
  link it then . 
  and do n't you dare engage in assassinating my character without providing proof and context as well . 
  i do n't even understand why some redditors engage in tagging others : as if you have some kind of role in ` checking ' the people that respond in subreddit x. 
  reading the news and here and there commenting on it is sufficient enough for me . 
  the officers involved surely were n't : they gambled at great personal risk , and lost . 
  i wonder , will these plotters be executed ? 
  with that i 'm asking myself the question if a newly imposed death penalty will be applied retroactively ( which is a grave legal sin in criminal law ) . 
  you 're entitled to your opinion of course . 
  let me just remark the latter is not true though : i 'm a staunch believer in democracy , but not against any price . 
  there are times when the removal of a democratically elected government could be justified , only the requirements for that are extremely high . 
  needless to say , turkey as of 2016 fulfills those requirements . 
  greece back then absolutely did n't , not by a longshot . 
  they shot at civilians that tried to take their weapons as well . 
  a soldier apparantly was beheaded as it turns out now , to make it even worse . 
  it 's clear which type of people will take to the streets in defiance of the coup , and therefore it is not strange to notice violence was used . 
  the first 24 hours of a coup are crucial in ensuring the old rulers lose their hold over government institutions . 
  i care about turkey and any other countries that are at risk at sliding off into ruin . 
  the people simply are often wrong and their verdict is n't beyond all doubt . 
  there 's nothing wrong with removing a democratically elected government that is consolidating all power for itself , in particular one that wants to subvert the state of law itself . 
  if you 've been following the news from turkey from some western country over the past few years you can only mourn the outcome of the coup . 
  the state of law in turkey , as well as its flawed democracy , is dead from this moment onwards . 
  the latest move against the judiciary only confirms that verdict . 
  and so it begins . 
  all of you that are celebrating the victory of democracy should know that turkey will start to fully slide into the abyss from now on . 
  the overtaking of the independent judiciary is n't something that started today , but this might as well be the final blow to the trias in turkey . 
  the real coup is taking place now : a coup perpetrated by a democratically elected government with very strong authoritharian tendencies . 
  the soldiers that were involved in the plot we saw the past the 24 hours were nothing but heroes - and this newsreport confirms that once again . 
  their sacrifice took a great deal of moral courage that will remain underappreciated for years to come . 
  turkey in turn will in a few years time find itself in the most awkward company of other famous , despotic governments . 
  i think the eu will not really care about the fate of the plotters . 
  not to mention that extraditing criminals that possibly await the death penalty is forbidden i believe . 
  greece should do the right thing and grant political asylum to these heroes . 
  what awaits them at home will compete with the most dystopic of scenarios , where the gallows is a very real scenario for them after a show trial . 
  it 's a sad thing for turkey in the mid - or long term that this takeover failed , but in the end the people have brought this doom upon themselves . 
  after the mass support for erdogan in the streets yesterday that part of the population sealed the deal for everyone in turkey . 
  stupidity and foolishness sadly scored another victory in world history . 
  that kind of reasoning is surprisingly circular . 
  he 's elected , so we support him for being elected . 
  it completely passes many important questions democracy in turkey has to deal with in 2016 , such as : - is turkey sliding into an obvious dictatorship in the mid - or long term ? 
  - what role does democracy still have if its used as a tool to empower antidemocrats ? 
  therefore : should the people have the power to decide to ruin themselves , knowing that they 're easily influenced ? 
  - what is the state of the trias politica in turkey , especially with regard to the judiciary ? 
  ca n't this be called near abysmal for a modern country ? 
  - does n't erdogan and the current akp party have too much control over the media ? 
  is there truth to saying there 's a case going on of the government slowly creeping up on independent media , one at a time ? 
  the people that supported him yesterday almost surely did n't ask those questions or did n't find those important to start out with . 
  the coup leaders were heroes in that sense , as they acknowledged what is happening to turkey as of 2016 . 
  they also realize it 's too late for change to happen via the ballot box . 
  that 's a harsh opinion , but it will turn out to be true in the coming years and maybe decades . 
  loyalists to the current government have decided to be foolish and have invited doom over turkey now . 
  not really , as the popular opinion is quite right , that being that turkey is no functioning democracy to start out with . 
  there are strong signs of election fraud , media are consistenly converted to the pro-government side and the judiciary is being taken out of the trias politica . 
  erdogan made backroom deals with isis and unleashed a war against the kurds to gain populair support . 
  and the list goes on and on . 
  it 's not hard to see how people in actually functioning western democracy support iy in great numbers . 
  they are the pragmatists here . 
  such a snobbish comment . 
  maybe you should get off your high horse and start reading the actual arguments presented here ? 
  but which ones ?
