  the government has been pushed to its limits by a whole range of austerity measures and we simply do n't have that money lying around . 
  the dutch finance minister has pretty much said the same . 
  hence , new austerity measures to pay for this are very probable . 
  and indeed , * if * all member states agreed . 
  this is still vague at this point , although time will tell what everyone really wanted . 
   eu is the ecsc , they just expanded their area of business and made re-branding couple of times . 
  if you scratch enough , under the surface you will find the good old european coal and steel union . 
  there have been huge expansions in powers compared to the ecsc ( and even the eec ) treaty . 
  expansions that i pretty much support but which have resulted in friction on more than one occassion . 
  the post-war european landscape was built on economic cooperation , not integrated political and financial cooperation as we see it nowadays . 
  both can not be compared as if they are the same , because both differ more than significantly . 
  just for fun compare the ecsc treaty with the current treaties . 
  so much is different . 
  that 's just me  . 
  in each case , let 's say that imposing such a suspicion on every roma is well ... pretty much criminal by itself . 
   it is a simple gdp adjustment , nothing more . 
  i have a question for you : all member states , as we know , approved of the current calculation methods . 
  more important however , and this is surrounded by mystery : did all member states authorize the eu to go back to as far as ** 1995 ** when calculating this rebate ? 
  because you are acting all high and mighty as if everything has been agreed upon . 
  that , is not sure at this point , so to be honest : cameron might even be right . 
  of course , it is stupid and premature to say that the uk will not pay ( as it might turn out that the uk indeed could have seen this coming and did agree to it ) . 
  discarding all the other statements cameron made in relation to the eu , he might actually be ( legally ) right here though . 
  also , to get rid of the misconception : the eu did n't bring peace . 
  the ecsc and moreover , the eec , did that . 
  let us not paint a too romantic picture of the eu because of ideology . 
  i agree with the rest of your comment . 
  damn right . 
  if the uk wants to go its own way , which is fine , we are not bound to propose some kind of * eu-light * relationship . 
  of course i 'm talking about the proposed kind of relationship with more net advantage for the uk . 
  to those britons in favor of leaving the union i would say : wake up , as the eu will not give up its crown jewels during renegotiations . 
  it 's either all or nothing . 
   `` i reject every accusation of racism , '' mr gambino told italian media . 
  `` it is not about xenophobia , but security and legality . '', 
  right , and creating this image that every roma down there is a criminal by default is in accordance with rejection of racism ( or discrimination ) and xenophobia ? 
  sad that such an illegal action is defended by the supposed ` legality ' of it . 
  edit : corrected . 
  it is called nuance . 
  good to hear  . 
   for medical reasons alright , but that is not what people were arguing about . 
  in your case , you personally made this decision and there actually was a medical cause going on here . 
  just stating the difference . 
  to add to this comment : i do agree that disagreeing should not result in automatic downvoting , but that topic especially dealt with some major cultural differences between both sides of the atlantic . 
  people really look at it otherwise over here ( including me ) , and i do forgive people that train downvote others ( including americans in that topic ) that once again come around with the same bullshit 70 's and 80 's argumentation about ` medical benefits ' . 
  hell , if anything has not been made clear after all those years are the supposed , inevitable benefits that circumcision would bring forward . 
  strip away that lame excuse , and all that remains as an explanation is that parents apparantly want to engrave their own views on the body of their child . 
  quite a few people here consider that semi-barbaric apparantly ( i consider it the same as tattooing your child ) and it therefore results in some really serious , emotional responses . 
  but that is not what i want to make clear : a lot of the downvoters - and that is my firm belief - really understand the cultural context at work here . 
  immediatly following this observation i want to stress that understanding someone else its views does not mean that all the niceties have to be observed , especially when there is such a difference in opinion . 
  all in all i would say that americans were not downvoted , but the people defending circumcision as ` necessary ' and the results of it being ` unimportant ' . 
  so all in all , there is no taboo on the use of fleur de lis if i get you guys correctly . 
  weird that this notion got stuck in my head though . 
  barbarian . 
  * favorite * : rambol , provolone , decent mozzarella and emmenthaler * worst * : every cheese that uses blue mold , especially gorgonzola . 
  shit is disgusting . 
  true , i myself am a regular victim of this old-fashioned rhytm on which the economy seems to work . 
  maybe it indeed is time for change in that regard , but changing the time to suit our habits is a bit rash . 
  are those still being associated with the ancien regime , or is that just a misconception of mine ? 
  winter time is the real time . 
  i am serious : this type of conduct really upsets me . 
  i know it is a difference of culture but i really have a lot of difficulty with this idea of subjecting your child to such an unnecessary procedure . 
  one that might have huge implications in self-esteem and a procedure that is even rumored to lessen sexual pleasure , although that is not really clear yet . 
  anyhow : it is not necessary , yet apparantly parents feel like they have the privilege to let their sons be cut while it is not reasonably necessary . 
  necessity is one dimension , real life implications a second . 
  i 'm glad my parents did n't take such a decision because i would really blame them if they had done such a thing . 
  decisions like this can not morally be taken by parents . 
  a child as a sculpture for once personal beliefs . 
  * that is what it is * . 
  indeed , that harsh word is applied to describe it over here . 
  if you discard the religious part , and ignore the doubtworthy scientific ` benefits ' ( there is massive debate on this among medical scholars ) then it is very difficult to justify such a thing . 
  but even if there are religious considerations at play , even if there is indeed a slight medical benefit , even then did you take something away that was not yours . 
  in this topic we see an example of someone who kind of regrets that his parents did this , and this is not exceptional at all . 
  making that choice for your child is a breach of his own rights . 
  but do n't get me wrong : a lot of people here might have a really strong opinion in this matter , but i know that the both of you are loving parents . 
  i do n't doubt that , but you just made a wrong choice in my eyes . 
  the damage has been done though , so best make the best out of it . 
  the netherlands countryball is always stoned apparantly . 
  to make it even worse , he 's seen hanging out with jamaica most of the time abroad . 
  i did n't say all circumstances , but at least in quite a few . 
  the rule seems to be : the more sensitive the subject , the better it can be handled behind closed doors . 
  it is simply easier to negotiate that way , but i do understand your position though . 
  i really ask myself why this is still a topic . 
  the simple fact is that * mutilating * other people trumps freedom of religion . 
  outlaw this nonsense everywhere please , at least for people younger than 18 . 
  this kind of butcherswork does not belong in the 21st century . 
  i do n't believe i have to explain to you that silent diplomacy indeed is often more effective . 
  it is easier if the electorate is n't watching from the sidelines . 
  whole * . 
  you 're welcome  . 
  nothing is sure , do n't act like this is inevitable as you seem to suggest in multiple comments . 
  every country on the continent will lose in the case of an eu collapse , and history has shown that european countries will simply close ranks again during internal infighting . 
  especially with grozny breathing down the neck of the eastern eu . 
  that is the problem : despite popular rhetoric state finances * can not * be compared to a family household for example . 
  also : it is good custom in just about every european nation that no one gets taxed retroactively , what is exactly happening here . 
   of course it will , but if people had any sense they would see through the populist garbage and realise this is a non-issue . 
  that 's the issue : joe the plumber can not and will not see through this garbage , and therefore this will be happily exploited by the few parties i named . 
  moreover : this will actually * hurt * people because it will demand extra austerity measures , so to say that said parties will actually have no point in crusading against the eu would be inaccurate as well . 
  only i do not identify with them , nor does this comparison have any validity . 
  we are talking about nations , not about individuals , nor can the relation between a nation state and it 's citizens be compared to relationships between memberstates . 
  and yes , a completely detrimental signal would be send out if this actually happens . 
  the price will be high in terms of eu support .
