  also , there has been a crackdown on organised crime related to the cultivation of cannabis lately . 
  last week , chief prosecutor nieuwenhuizen ( responsible for rooting out the cultivation of cannabis ) said that we should get rid of the ` romanticism ' surrounding cannabis . 
  he literally said that softdrugs have this habit of making users [ lazy and inactive ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2015/03/02/justitie-gaat-hennepteelt-harder-aanpakken/ ) . 
  out of personal experience , i partially agree with him although the societal effects do not seem to be worse than alcohol ( even less out of personal experience ) . 
  i know a few examples myself of guys smoking weed on a regular basis and they suffer from the most debilitating effect of cannabis : demotivation . 
  you can ask yourself whether the drug is at fault , or the person , but this is a problem among users . 
  the amount of people showing this type of behavior probably is comparable to the way alcoholists relate to the total group of alcohol users . 
  it should however not be underestimated . 
  apparantly , close to 90 % of all cannabis that is being grown here is designated for the international market which makes regulating indeed rather unproductive . 
  even worse : legalization would be a serious burden to surrounding countries . 
  germany , france , the uk , belgium , all of those nations - despite their national policies - will not be happy with regulation because most cannabis is grown to be exported . 
  it would create a situation in which the average grower here would be able to cultivate cannabis with impunity , while being able to easily cross the border because of schengen . 
  i for one understand the concerns from our own government because of this . 
  personally i am in favor of full legalization ( as regulation will not unburden the police apparatus ) , but there should be some serious effort in europe to come up with some kind of common policy regarding the drug . 
  question is what should come first : legalization here ( or in germany ) , or making deals with other countries in terms of policy . 
  the former will prove to be the easiest , but will also lead to clashes among governments . 
  that 's the spirit . 
  in that case society actually benefits , instead of being obliged to pay thousands of specialized police offers that should be focussing on more important tasks . 
  that 's not the way he strikes me : he seems to be a cunning politician that rarely finds himself into trouble . 
  balkenende was a lot more incompetent in hindsight , not to mention balkenende his predecessors . 
  he 's talking about the legal hurdles of building a church , not the actual status of christianity . 
  most churches and their corresponding flock of believers in islamic countries are centuries old , as / u/terenzio _ collina also points out . 
  he is simply looking for an excuse to pass possible controversial legislation regarding military cooperation . 
  i do n't believe rutte thinks this is necessary because of a possible terrorist threat . 
  til something as well . 
  did n't know that  . 
  i do n't see it happening anytime soon though . 
  religious organisations do n't like giving up their ` monopoly ' on truth and will therefore consider any such proposals in poland to be threat . 
  tolerance comes from both sides . 
  / u/futureadorkable his argument might be a classic one , but true nonetheless . 
  we should be a bit reluctant with accepting such institutions , especially if they are funded from countries that do not accept the reverse . 
  in performance the rafale is somewhere on the bottom of the list of competitors , at least compared to threats from developed nations . 
  i believe the saab gripen scored even higher than the rafale , with the eurofighter being somewhere above it and the f35 and f22 on top of the list . 
  then again , the ` better ' plane is the airplane that fits the goals of the airforce in question . 
  if that airforce mainly needs fighter jets to clear out isis scum and other assymetric threats , the rafale will do . 
  to the op : did you just google translate this article , or are you actually proficient in dutch ? 
  i wonder how you managed to read it , given your flair . 
  multispeed europe . 
  this will be a testcase for further military integration . 
  then again , the pax romana lasted for about 200 years . 
  rome itself lasted for much longer than that . 
  there is a lot of truth to that old saying . 
  what bothers me the most out of this - next to the false accusations - is this * idea * that wanting to be prepared for war sounds archaic and therefore irrelevant . 
  the world is larger than the europe we know , and in the larger picture of things countries like ours are rather the exception . 
  the rule of law does not exist everywhere , nor should we foolishly assume that we 'll be safe forever in such a world . 
  i only ask to be prepared for a possible war , that is all . 
  you immediatly ( again ! ), 
  frame it into ` war rhetoric ' , which makes me question whether you are just a stubborn dove or someone that simply does not get what is going on here . 
   surely , sabre-rattling is a most inadequate form of diplomacy , regarding the prior century and what we should 've learned from it large militaries did not start both world wars : politicians and ideology in general however did . 
   besides , if you spend your budget on defence , there wo n't be any left for social issues . 
  same as i said vs homsig : social issues are a secondary concern in the grand picture of state responsibilities . 
  there is no point in moving funds into social projects if everything can be destroyed in a matter of weeks afterwards . 
  once again : i am simply asking to be prepared for the unlikely possibility that war would come to europe again . 
  you might believe that social issues are more important , but please do n't shove it down other people 's throat . 
  i prefer my nation to remain well-insured against the threats facing europe nowadays . 
  same for me , but there is a difference between the people responding here and the average joe we know . 
  rather bad framing attempt you are pulling there . 
  and above all it misses the point . 
  now lets hope the hague wakes up as well and decides to double the budget here after years of cuts . 
  although i do n't expect that to happen knowing that our politicians have this habit of living in their own perfect ideological dreamworld . 
   poverty is at record height in germany , but investing in the weapon industry is more important to the christian democrats . 
  as a matter of principle i 'd say that national defense is a few steps up the ladder of importance compared to combatting social issues . 
  you need a country to ensure you can tackle social problems , which is rather difficult if the russian jackboot were to take that away in some dystopic future . 
  and why would that happen ? 
  because we could n't get our priorities straight . 
  i rather disagree . 
  there 's an obvious difference between being prepared and being not prepared . 
  most of europe is clearly in the latter phase which should give us enough reason to worry . 
  all in all , i 'd say that being armed to the teeth is actually much more likely to prevent conflict . 
  be prepared for war if you want lasting peace . 
  come on , every respectable army needs a british cook . 
  the cook is important you know  . 
  but you 're right : some people really seem to * wish * for war to happen , if only to go on an adventure . 
  that adventure being possibly returning home in a bodybag or having to see all your friends die . 
  it 's probably what / u/timaeger suggests : a lot of people here are young and literally have no idea of how far reaching the consequences of another war on the european continent will prove to be . 
  an impressive feat of megalomania this is though . 
  general attitude here : i 've noticed this before to be honest . 
  people make it look like this is 100 % russia 's thing in the east , while the truth is probably somewhere down the middle . 
  but admitting that spoils the russia-is-the-root-of-all-evil narrative that is rather popular here nowadays . 
  i stress that i 'm not whitewashing russia 's appalling behavior of meddling into the affairs of another country , but i am simply stating that there is more to this struggle than * only * russia 's interests . 
  people tend to forget that . 
  that 's not his point : many people here constantly forget ( or rather : do n't even know ) that ukraine was a deeply divided nation before the current armed struggle in the east . 
  this map perfectly reminds everyone of that fact . 
  which is of course much more relevant than compared to the divide in romania , as there 's an armed insurrection ( fueled by russia , but still ) going on in the east . 
  the guy got a point . 
  you do n't know for sure , neither do i. 
  we have a vague idea of involvement of the current government , but we ca n't know for sure if the assassination orders were given from the kremlin . 
  safest bet right now is to say that putin is at least in some way responsible as the current climate in russia was created by his government . 
  although russia is n't a functioning state of law at the moment , so we will probably never know . 
  there is indeed some nuance to be observed between believing and accepting something , yet the outcome is pretty much the same . 
  as long as the russian people do n't learn to stand up against its semi-tyrannical leadership , nothing will probably ever change . 
  unless the russian elite would decide that it is time for a more modern form of government , but i simply do not see that possibility become reality . 
   if anything it helps restore the soviet greatness so it 's all good this might be the most important part : this longing towards ` the good old days ' . 
  as i said : the results of communism still echo in today 's russia . 
  it can only go away with time and after people get rid of their romantic ideas of the ussr , the latter being an entity built on a bankrupt ideology and the suffering of millions . 
  i build my opinion by taking a look at all the available news sources . 
  however , i have no trouble at all to admit that i simply do not trust the russian news , as it has become a real life travesty of journalistic values . 
  if you 've watched certain parts of the russian news of the past few months and have noticed the red line of aggression and outright lying then it makes me wonder why you still start this whataboutism argument . 
  actors as ` the average joe ' when voxpopping , proven false stories and the lack of independent , diverse sounds ; all of it does not for second make me question the ` western ' version of events if you want to call it that . 
  russia has been the aggressor in terms of changing the situation in eastern ukraine into an armed conflict .
