  technology and sophisticated equipment are a necessary component of warfare , but in the end it does n't win you wars . 
  cuts are a highly dangerous thing to propose in these times . 
  let us please not gamble with peace as cash for playing . 
  the world we know nowadays is all about international conflicts , on varying scales of magnitude . 
  if a serious threat would indeed rise on the eastern borders of europe - as it seems like at this point - the netherlands would be forced in an international coalition . 
  if everyone would follow our example , we would lose that conflict . 
  at best we would still be a nuisance to other , better organised states in such a coalition . 
  and if there is no danger in the east , the armed forces should still be able to deploy in other dangerous parts of the world to combat entities that are a direct threat to us . 
  the netherlands is going to send 6 f-16 fighters to combat isil , and that petty number has stretched the airforce to its limits already . 
  interesting that the eu is trespassing into this grey area of eu law . 
  not to say that i find it bad : it 's a good development , but the eu might be overstepping its boundaries here . 
  the lisbon treaty does * not * make any provisions for fiscal competences with respect to the eu . 
  it seems like the eu is using the path of another exclusive competence , that is the one dealing with the internal market , to nail this . 
  audacious , but maybe an example of overstepping its own authority ( again ) . 
  i 'm really interested where this ends up , as the netherlands are next to ireland and luxemburg obviously the most prominent tax haven in the eu . 
  it gets even more ironic knowing that our f16 's are in a state of permanent maintenance at the moment , while our tanks were in pretty good condition . 
  we sell tanks that are in good condition , yet keep fighter jets that are plagued by metal fatique and other problems . 
  yeah , no problem . 
  you might feel satisfied knowing that quite a few politicians regret that move by now . 
  i hope those tanks will serve you well . 
  oh yea : watch out for the paint . 
  apparantly it 's cancer inducing ( no joke ) . 
  disregarding the fact that the writer belongs to the pseudo-scientific denomination called ` psycho-analysis ' , i believe that what he actually says is very true . 
  i have come to utterly loathe the lack of ethics that i observe among ` the average person ' each and every day . 
  i 'm a competitive person , but there must be a border to our thrive to ` win ' . 
  it ca n't be so that no one cares about his neighbour or college in the very future . 
  the fabric of society hinges on a cohesive system of interdependence and cooperation . 
  without that , it will be impossible for any group of people to overcome the major obstacles that can get to us . 
  i see it over here in the netherlands as well , which is in terms of individuality among the ` best ' . 
  people over here care less and less about each other and friendship has become something one should really cherish as real friends seem to get more rare , mainly because of the more superficial nature of our relationships . 
  that 's by the way one of the main reasons why i completely reject facebook , which i nearly 10 years after still consider a prolonged hype . 
  for me , it 's the ** inflation ** of friendship ties and an axe at the roots of true social interaction . 
  ridiculous how little money we spend on the dutch armed forces , or whatever is left of it anyways . 
  that curveball will get back to us some day . 
  the price of peace can not be expressed in any monetary value and peace itself is worth much more than a few billion extra euro 's . 
  dead on . 
  perfect !, 
  i wonder how putin will react to this . 
  it is a provocation as well , so i expect that there will be some response . 
  or maybe he does n't care , because he knows ukraine wo n't be able to join in 2020 because of ` circumstances ' we do n't know yet . 
  if the kremlin does n't react to this i believe ukraine should be very wary about what could happen . 
  it might indicate that something is being prepared . 
  it is n't going over my head , though of course i 'm grateful for this compliment . 
  i just assumed that my vague use of they/them was n't clear , as some other guy believed it was talking about ( rioting ) football fans . 
  you are not aware of the situation in this country , at least internally , so i 'd advise you to * back down * a bit on your judgement . 
  they , as a ` group ' if you want it to be that way , have n't been imposed this label of being outsiders . 
  you assume that - by reasons unknown to me - society is somewhat to blame for what happened to them . 
  it kinda strikes me that an american , a person that in general holds individual responsibility in high esteem , just ignores the personal responsibility that each and every single is ( il ) admirer got when it comes down to making their own choices . 
  but to clarify on why i called them rejects : these are the people - and really trust me on this as there is * massive * national debate going on about this - that really do not feel dutch . 
  now that is ok to me ( since i do n't believe in nationalism ) , but i do find it important that the same people underline what we find normal in the netherlands as well as in any european or other civilized country . 
  they were born and raised here , but from a cultural/religious point of view reject many aspects of dutch society that are very equal to what you consider normal and civilized . 
  a self imposed kind of isolation if you will , that has caused friction in our society . 
  to add to what i said and to prevent that you 'll get any wrong ideas about my personal views : if possible , every extremist should be saved from the jaws of extremism . 
  society , or the state , should do everything possible to prevent people from taking on an extremist stance in life . 
  sadly however , and you know this , sometimes people do n't want help . 
  but please , do n't assume that it 's over my head because i seemingly in a tired state did n't really properly explain myself . 
  ask on if you have any more questions , and i 'll assure you that you 'll get an unbiased answer if that is what you fear . 
  i already had a feeling that i might have been a bit too vague . 
  them/they = is ( il ) admirers . 
  sure , let 's wave a flag of a well known barbaric organisation in a mostly secular , western city which universally condemns such savagery . 
  if you really believe that such a message ( i.e. 
  waving an isis flag ) will gain any respect in any western country in that regard then you must highly delusional . 
  oh well , we have them over here too , only they do it on a soccer pitch or when using their democratic right to protest . 
  it is their way of not feeling like a * total reject of society * , feeling they belong to something . 
  it are examples like this that make me feel bad . 
  you might disagree with me , but i have a good feeling of what they must be going through sometimes . 
  always being looked at , always being measured by a higher set of standards . 
  the problem you mentioned lies very much at the root of this , but it is very difficult to solve as well . 
  the best thing the family you named could do is just ignore those feelings of being excluded now and then . 
  thanks for the stating the obvious . 
  with all due respect , you could read that back in my response . 
  i only see 5 years as a realistic scenario if putin actually decides to knock on the door of western europe . 
  something which is very unlikely , but still possible . 
  that 's why i kept it as a possibility . 
  well , the problem i tend to have with the social sciences is that , although they have a much wider scope than say mathematics for example , it will likely remain a descriptive discipline in the end . 
  social sciences are great for measuring , but not for drawing conclusions . 
  that 's why i said that , and that sure as hell is n't unreasonable . 
  sure , racism can be subconscious . 
  i believe there was this little association test ( something with reaction speeds to certain images ) developed by psychologists that proved people actually can be a subconscious racist without actually knowing it themselves . 
  what i have noticed over the years however - and with me a lot of other people in this country - as that the label ` racist ' is being applied at random way too often . 
  and that - is a major insult to people that have n't done anything racist or moreover , discriminatory in nature . 
  hence my reservation on the subject . 
  i propose that we shift our focus from describing the nature of the problem towards simply solving it . 
  i do n't have all the answers , but i figure that a watertight system would be a good start . 
  make sure that no one that does n't master dutch for example manages to slip through , and as a result having problems integrating in society . 
  as for the people that have been here for a longer time : it sure is n't ethical to force them show up for a language test ( just to name an impossible example ) , but there should always be a way for people to improve themselves and solve their own issues . 
  in short : the government should always be willing to help and be open to helping other people , without creating a system in which people will be dependant on the government at the same time . 
  that 's hard , but roughly that 's how i vaguely envision positive change in this regard . 
  partially i take it . 
  but the way he 's actually crusading for this makes me think that he got a strong connection with the victims of this terrible crime . 
  a crime in which our armed forces did not partake , but were partially responsible for in the end . 
  i 've encountered many more people than the few on this subreddit , and among young people there is a much more prevalent idea of an european identity . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the current generation of young people will form the first majority for a federal europe . 
  also , looking at this subreddit as a point of reference is indeed a fallacy . 
  looking at present day society to draw any definitive conclusions for anything longer than 2 years is a fallacy as well . 
  there are few certainties , next to dying and paying taxes . 
  in time . 
  the more i speak to young people from all corners of europe , the more sure i am that this union will get there . 
  question is when . 
  my roughest estimate is somewhere between the next 5 and 30 years .
