  now i understand that cameron gets sent into europe each time with a message saying ` do n't give them more david ' , but he has n't played the game very good as well . 
  it seems like juncker , probably in an intoxicated state , still found some place in his heart to reward the uk 's ` rebellious ' attitude with some above average place in the commission . 
  two views i do n't share , to be honest . 
  also , given history , the assumption that the uk is/was communist-like could n't really be more wrong in my opinion . 
  but maybe i 'm missing something here . 
  take what ? 
  justified sanctions as a reponse of meddling in the internal affairs of another country , including ** annexing ** territory of another country ? 
  by all legal standards russia should . 
  but of course russia wo n't , because russia is n't like the west . 
  a good thing from a certain point of view , but a bad thing in other situations . 
  russia is very protective of its own ` backyard ' , hence the current conflict . 
  i repeat it because i honestly believe that international law - fuzzy as it might be - needs to be respected . 
  and yes , the us has violated international law on quite a few occassions , but i do n't look to the us to make my own judgement . 
  judging from the viewpoint of european nations , that have more of a clean slate in these matters , measures against russia are justified . 
  if russia uses gas as a weapon - and thereby decides to utterly destroy its own economy - then so be it . 
  the ruble has already dropped significantly , and a deep recession is looming in russia . 
  let putin and his comrades feel the pain that comes with acting like a global warmonger . 
  apparantly one warmonger - the united states of america - was n't enough in that regard . 
  to add to what i just said : closing off gas lines , while winter is looming , is something else than prohibiting the import of shampoo . 
  people could likely die as a result of that measure , but of course that is n't the greatest concern of the kremlin . 
  this is n't really weird . 
  if you discount for any old rivalry ( that barely exists anymore nowadays ) , this is to be expected as both nations share wildly different views on the future of europe . 
  france even proposed to create an european army some years back ( something i do n't oppose ) , a plan which is really miles away from what cameron and his buddy 's envisage for europe . 
  indeed , it might be better if the uk leaves , given how they tend to request for an opt-out on just about everything . 
  maybe we just redraw the world map and position the uk east of rhode island . 
  they might feel more at home there . 
  sorry for tearing up ireland in the process . 
  just to keep this going in the right direction : islam and being a muslim are not the same things , even though that might sound abstract . 
  i do n't fear islam , but i sure as hell consider it to be a fact that islam itself is more prone to a radical interpretation than any other world religion at the moment . 
  fear might be overreacted , but against certain groups of people that adhere to a type of islam that completely runs contrary to what we believe in the western world - and have expressed severe anti-western views - we should be very wary indeed . 
  those that have nothing to do with such practices , should be ( and are ) widely accepted as ` one of us ' . 
  i often wonder why we even use words like ` islamophobia ' and ` antisemitism ' . 
  it seems like some people believed it to be a good idea to invent some special terminology for certain groups , as if they more important . 
  in each case , that 's the feeling i get each time i 'm seeing such words being used . 
  i ca n't say it is shocking or unexpected , but it once again reminds us of the fact that russia will use energy as a weapon against non-conforming governments . 
  not to mention how this kind of conduct really does not live up to any normal international standards . 
  that pretty much sums it up , same some exceptions here and there . 
  could n't agree more . 
  rotterdam and maastricht are probably the two extremes on a scale for valuing dutch cities . 
  he knows that without a doubt , so no need to post this . 
  fact is that rotterdam really is a hellhole in terms of architecture . 
  and do n't let me even get started about how bad it is to live over there . 
  only people that have n't seen better are proud ` op hun rotterdam ' ( on their rotterdam ) . 
  probably the uk ( though not the cities , more the countryside ) or italy . 
  though i 've never seen any scandinavian country , and i have a feeling those must be appealing as well after i 've visited them all . 
  though i do n't like cold weather ^ ^ . 
  as a dutchman i ask you : what landscape ? 
  really now , save the province of limburg , there is no landscape to be seen here next to the artficial , unnatural type . 
  the russians do have a serious sense for irony . 
  just another sad bullying attempt . 
  of course the netherlands get represented by a pot smoking lesbian aunt . 
  i feel flattered . 
   it 's a terrible state of affairs when citizens believe they 're not getting what they deserve because it 's not to their personal liking that is not what i am referring to . 
  the netherlands are a perfect example of coalition governments ( which often involve 3 parties ) , so the process of coalition making ensures that the viewpoints of all prospect coalition parties will be watered down . 
  just about everyone here understands that . 
  problem is that over here multiple parties have presented certain issues as ` breaking points ' , which means that they explicitly promised that they will not compromise on this one ( or multiple ) sacred part of their program . 
  that is what my resentment is about , and why so many people here are cynical about politics in general . 
  people were lured to the ballot box with false promises - which even made them vote strategically - only to see those promises thrown out of the window as quickly as a day after the elections . 
  maybe that made it more clear to you . 
  it would surprise you , but i agree . 
  i do not consider the average voter competent to decide on complex matters , but that 's the system we * choose * a long time ago already in europe . 
  it is bitter reality , which is why the average voter has to be actively involved in national politics . 
  politicians have the obligation to properly inform citizens and give them the right information to make their own decisions . 
  this does n't always work ( example , the swiss minaret ban ) , but in the end the people rule the nation , not the other way around . 
  politicians are there to serve the people - and once again - not the other way around . 
  also , it demands no further clarification that i would like to keep representative democracy and its current form . 
  however , i would like to perfect is by incorporating elements of direct democracy , i.e. 
  binding referendums for example . 
  the [ flag design ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?hl=nl&amp;site=imghp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1745&amp;bih=868&amp;q=dutch+scandinavian+flag&amp;oq=dutch+scandinavian+flag&amp;gs_l=img.3...226.2246.0.2330.23.8.0.14.14.0.124.653.6j2.8.0.msedr...0...1ac.1.62.img..14.9.653.lr6kuajmxrq#imgdii=_ ) already exists . 
  fair point , but it still kinda hurts me that we are so far into the green on this list despite that fact . 
  but yes , that 's of course not something that is exclusive to my country but it should not be considered normal . 
  you misinterpreted me : there is a difference between direct democracy ( referendums , etc ) and indirect democracy , the latter meaning being ruled by chosen representatives . 
  during the term of the tweede kamer , no single law can be vetoed or amended by the people , nor can the people make a binding proposal that can be accepted or defeated during a plebescite . 
  we are in many ways worse than a few other european countries because of our lack of direct democracy . 
  granted , many european countries have the same tradition , but it remains a shortcoming in our democratic framework that needs to be repaired as soon as possible . 
  as much as i hated the outcome of the referendum regarding the eu-constitution , it did show the real will of the people . 
  and what happened to it ? 
  politicians simply ignored the outcome only shortly after . 
  do n't fall for the way our democracy works on paper : in practice ` power ' is being funneled to a few political parties that are far from transparant . 
  the people only rules here once every 4 years . 
  rather surprising that we still score this high as : - politicians have broken campaign promises time and again over the past 10 years , which has contributed to my personal cynical look on democracy in general ; - there is a lack , a complete absence to be exact , of * direct * democracy in the netherlands . 
  we should be lower on that list . 
  that is a bit selective to be honest : the pound was in * heavy weather * before the onset of the economic crisis . 
  it fell almost 30 % in the period 2006-2008 , only to recover to its current exchange rate while mainland europe keeps struggling with its economy . 
  if the economic crisis would n't have struck europe the pound sterling might have been history by 2015-2020 . 
  but we 'll see how it goes for the next 10-20 years . 
  the looming currency wars might pose a larger problem to the pound than to the euro . 
  honestly , i do not see the government ( or any future government in that matter ) make a cause for the uk in the event of a possible brexit . 
  when it comes down to the eu , the relationship with brussels at first sight seems to be ( much ) stronger than the one we maintain with the uk . 
  which still puzzles me , given the close proximity of both our nations . 
  there is quite a bit of eurosceptism going on here , but it still is nowhere near the proportions we are seeing in the uk nowadays . 
  maybe that will change in the future , but for now i do n't see an electoral nexit ( lol . . ) majority forming anytime soon . 
  the uk might very well find itself alone again . 
  by the way , i notice how you are fencing with the word ` sovereignty ' on a regular basis , but i maintain a rather relative definition of it . 
  if the uk does find itself alone in the future , and therefore is forced to side with bigger alliances on a variety of subjects , it will have lost most of its external sovereignty regardless . 
  the term you are looking for is ` multispeed europe ' . 
  the uk can keep its current status in my opinion , as long as london is not dead set on sabotaging every effort to bring about a closer union . 
  something which london is n't , but it should not behave in such a manner somewhere in the future . 
  for me it has already become clear that some more controversial parts of european integration will be completed by an eu-alliance of a few countries before the larger states ( and the entirety of the eu ) even dare to embrace it . 
  examples are taxation , a combined military and further centralisation of power in particular .
