  the trend towards religion is only moving in one direction : down . 
  sure about [ that ] ( http://piotr-puchalski.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/putin-sauron.jpg ) ? 
  some kind of commercial fest : the same goes for easter and other christian holidays . 
  although i will remark that / u/tartantyco had a good point at first sight , but nowadays the christian meaning of those days have largely dilluted into something else . 
  that 's of course also from my own ( dutch ) perspective , but hardly anyone can be found in church on those days anymore , nor do people in majority experience it as a religious celebration . 
  good one , though i clearly had politicians in mind when saying that . 
  a type of disciplinary law specially cut for people holding public office would not be uncalled for though . 
  over here doctors , lawyers , notaries , accountants , etc. 
  are all accountable under their own special disciplinary law , which indeed makes it kind of weird that the same does not apply to politicians . 
  a politician that presides over a budgetary/social/legislative failure should be held accountable . 
  otherwise people can just keep realizing poorly thought through ideas - mostly fantasies - that do not work in the real world . 
  i 'm telling you : merkel will be remembered in a mostly negative way 15-20 years from now . 
  the seeds for that have already been planted and the ironic part is that she did all by herself . 
  question is how such a sick and corrupt line of thought has become commonplace in germany . 
  these people are n't pragmatic : they are fundamentalists in their own right . 
  ironically they 're mostly irreligious zealots that will do anything to protect their warped view on society , while staying in an uneasy divorce with truth . 
  it will end some day , but the damage will be done by then . 
  the sad thing is that those people will never spend a single day in jail for their own incompetence . 
  of course incompentence is not punishable by law , otherwise many national parliaments and lower layers of government would be severely understaffed . 
  to be clear , the abolition of belgium - though that 's up to our southern neighbours to decide of course . 
  belgium just seems a damn impossible compromise each and every time i dive into its state structure , and it could arguably be better with off with flanders and wallonia as independent kingdoms/republics . 
  context : she 's part of the n-va , the main flemish separatist party and i believe the largest party in parliament at the moment . 
  although she 's right : belgium is a hopeless bureaucratic mess that can be better be rebuilt from the ground up again , without the national dimension it knows nowadays . 
  of course the eu would be all to eager to make brussels its capital district . 
  aww damn :( . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's not what was said though : asscher claimed that it gave the * impression * that women could 've ` helped themselves ' , but that 's of course his completely subjective interpretation . 
  in short : her words were unfortunate and not thought through , maybe even in bad taste considering what happened . 
  it 's considered a faux pas to meddle in the internal affairs of another country , but i find it curious asscher decided to ignore that unwritten rule , even though it is becoming more common nowadays . 
  ** edit : ** thanks for providing additional context around the words of mayor reker by the way . 
  as details like these tend to get buried pretty quickly , you providing context is much appreciated . 
  regardless , that comment of her was not the smartest thing to do , even if well intended . 
  rough translation : deputy pm asscher has uttered strong criticism on the mayor of cologne . 
  the mayor advised women in the city of cologne to keep their distance from men . 
  she therefore gave off a `` completely wrong signal , that suggests the victims could 've prevented this attack from occuring '' . 
  on his facebook-page asscher relays his disgust about sexual violence in cologne . 
  asscher called the mass assaults staggering . 
  dozens of women in cologne were robbed and assaulted during the turn of the year . 
  by now more than a hundred women have filed reports . 
  asscher writes : `` sexual violence is a horrid attack on human dignity . 
  women that have been victimized due to being assaulted or raped tell us that they still feel unsafe for many years , if not the remainder of their lives . 
  that 's why the mass assaults in cologne are so gruesome '' . 
  about the mayor of cologne asscher writes : `` mayor reker probably meant it well when she advised women to stay at armslength distance from men during carnaval , but the signal in itself is completely wrong '' . 
  `` every women is entitled to freedom and security in our society . 
  to suggest that the victims could 've prevented what happened after such an event is unfitting . 
  the short skirts argument fortunately is no longer acceptable as a means to downplay sexual violence '' , asscher said . 
  according to the asscher the events seem to have been organised . 
  `` it happened en masse and shamelessly , in the middle of public territory . 
  and apparantly the police was standing by powerless when dozens of women were touched , scolded , robbed or humiliated . 
  the perpetrators - a large group consisting of young north-african men - all deserve to be prosecuted and punished . 
  ( what follows are domestic responses from mp 's ) . 
  well you ca n't really deny that sales have increased tremendously , but i wonder how many people actually buy charlie hebdo post-attacks just to feel good about themselves , instead of actually liking it . 
  i think that is part what / u/elvishcopter wanted to convey . 
  it just sounds like this : `` i like you . 
  i love you . 
  here 's 50 euros '' . 
  do n't tell me that 's completely unjustified . 
  one tree to rule them all . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://files.growery.org/files/g09-42/557149674-weed-tree.jpg ) the most famous species from the netherlands . 
   if after 5 years the syrian * war is over and syrian x has no job , did not finish an educational degree , does not know the dutch language on a sufficient level , then we book a plane ticket . 
  agreed , but that 's impossible under current legislation and international treaties . 
  at least : there 's seems to be little room for creative manoevering . 
  the ` guilt ' question is quite important as it also refers to a tendency to only live with ones own kind , instead of venturing outside to the unknown . 
  it 's important that the people that come here have an open mind and are willing to adapt and leave most things cultural that used to part of their previous lives behind . 
  i think the current concentrations of large ( former ) migrant communities in several places in the netherlands is the direct result of poor language skills among the first generation , that still echoes into the third generation by now . 
  they felt insecure - and were rejected by part of the native population - thus they crawled back into their own safe environment . 
  i have often asked myself the hypothetical question if large dutch populations abroad would 've done the same at the detriment of actually becoming part of their new homeland . 
  if spatial policy in the past would 've been better ( i.e. 
  spreading out people all across the netherlands and not allowing them to concentrate in certain areas ) our social problems would 've been much smaller . 
  as you said : much more focus on individual skils , while this should also be combined with complete assimilation . 
  it 's sad , but i know that for example a moroccan young man or woman will often be turned down after a job interview because he or she is not properly assimilated : many for example do n't speak fluent dutch and are ( in lesser numbers ) visibly religious ( something that is more and more of a faux pas in the netherlands as of 2016 ) and as a result they fall into poverty and crawl back into the safety of their own community . 
  we should take away certain liberties of newcomers from distant cultures to make sure they will not make the same pitfalls as previous migrant groups in this country . 
  the problems we face with second and third generation migrants in this country are appalling , but we should mostly focus on fixing it once and for all . 
  it is detrimental for a person to be e.g. 
  dutch and moroccan at the same time , while not being fully accepted in either society . 
  i agree . 
  actually its realistic and pragmatic : once they 're already here we are bound to our own legal obligations . 
  i do n't like europe its current policy one bit , but at this point out focus should be on damage control . 
  we have to make sure that these people fully assimilate and have to be clever in achieving just that . 
  the most important thing we should prevent is allowing them to concentrate in certain neighbourhoods , something turks and moroccans did in large numbers , resulting in paralel yet segregated societies . 
  wherever these newcomers go they ought to be overwhelmingly surrounded with native dutch citizens . 
  read this a while back already , but it still is highly relevant to the current discussion . 
  this country has become segregated among ideological and mainly ethnic lines , with the larger populations of former labour migrants effectively ending up as second rate citizens . 
  a large part of it was self imposed though , but we should keep this neo - ` verzuiling ' in the back of our heads when bringing in people from wildly different cultures , whether refugee or migrant . 
  for context : the ministry of justice and security ( some mix between the department of justice and internal affairs for those wondering ) effectively made a 180 degree turn . 
  earlier on , it planned to introduce one of the strictest laws in its kind , including the dreaded ` decryption order ' for suspects . 
  they wanted to push this but eventually reconsidered , as a suspect for example does not need to cooperate with those that want him convicted . 
  effectively the government went from a ` encryption is the enemy ' to a ` encryption is our friend , for now ' stance . 
  that is not being denied by me . 
  what i am trying to say is that it must stop at some point - and poland is moving in the wrong direction for that matter . 
  then there 's the high court thing which is probably even more important than this change in sheer media policy . 
  it 's just a sign of state immaturity to have some kind of state news channel that is in bed with the government . 
  it 's nearly dystopic . 
  know that feeling . 
  just ignore the big firms and go for a firm that is a bit smaller , somewhere in between preferably . 
  working slave shift in exchange for a relatively small financial benefit is n't worth it if it results in your body giving up by the time you reach 50 . 
  years can not be bought with money , contrary to luxury . 
  boring day at the office : too much to do after newyear - and much of a mess to clean up it seems . 
  next to that the weather is of course traditionally dutch for this time of the year : hopelessly grey , with no sunlight coming through . 
  you can actually feel the weather sucking the very last remnants of hope out of your body .
