  in this case the uk is indeed a role model , though the netherlands as well employs security cameras in quite a few cities by now . 
  it rather makes me feel safe than spied upon . 
  if this turns out to be true ( ** edit : ** it 's confirmed ) , he managed to get awkwardly far in such a short span of time . 
  one can only guess whether he had help and if so , how much . 
  too bad the bastard did n't get a trial , but i did n't expect it to happen anyways . 
  would 've loved to see him get torn apart in court after a few ` why ' questions , and what nonsense reason he would 've given for such needless carnage . 
  it already sounded too good to be a coincidence . 
  noticed the same : rather ironic it sounds just like the desert planet out of star wars . 
  as if a random nomad from some kind of desert place turned into a mass murderer . 
  that 's right . 
  you got it all figured out , right ? 
  maybe the suspect they had so far was indeed acting suspiciously . 
  i 'd rather not condemn the witness that followed ` the wrong guy ' , as he meant to help ( unless some other proof to the opposite would come to light ) . 
  that guy must be feeling really bad as well . 
  also , this is not the first time a witness perceives the wrong things : it 's actually a known effect . 
  is it confirmed by now ? 
  the welt so far seems to be the only source reporting about it , yet if this is true yesterday 's event just took a turn for the worse . 
  * if * confirmed , the police needed nearly half a day to figure out they had the wrong guy . 
  [ real driver might still be on the loose ] ( https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article160462226/berliner-polizei-wir-haben-den-falschen-mann.html?wtrid=socialmedia.socialflow....socialflow_twitter ) . 
  let 's hope that 's not true , otherwise that would be a massive fuck up by the police . 
  in that case it took them about 12 + hours to figure out they had the wrong guy . 
   edit : what does the fact that they are not releasing identity info about the dead co-driver and the arrested driver tell you ? 
  that they 're investigating , obviously . 
  i think that 's the wisest move as well : less speculation , more fact . 
  let the police take their time if necessary . 
  of course it is n't justified : it 's utterly disgusting . 
  but even if merkel 's administration would be hellbent on calling this an isolated incident , it would not be able to hide the motives of the perpetrator . 
  those will be known to everyone soon enough , so i 'd say its rather difficult to sweep such an attack under the rug . 
  but spinning this attack into some context ? 
  who knows . 
  how do you exactly sweep something under the rug that is already publicly known ? 
  woosh , that one went over my head . 
  and how would isis respond ? 
  `` snap , i 've gone too far ? '', 
  `` maybe we should back down a bit guys , because this is n't fun anymore ? '', 
  edit : wooshhhhhh . 
  any news from german sources ? 
  curious about what is really happening , since news is still scarce . 
  in the end , one could say that the host state ( turkey ) failed in protecting a foreign ambassador , which makes me think there will always be diplomatic fallout in some way or another . 
  ` massive ' might indeed have an overstatement , but it will have profound effects . 
  this is the same as if the us ambassador to country x would get shot . 
  washington would not take that lightly , no matter who planned or executed the act . 
  i do not expect moscow will react differently , if not much more outraged . 
  yeah , combine that with the treacherous character of the act . 
  shooting someone in * the back * . 
  at least have the courtesy to face someone if you want to murder him , instead of killing him like a thief in the night . 
  whether its sanctioned or not is of no importance . 
  i do n't think it was honestly . 
  what i 'm playing at is that the host state failed to ensure the safety of an ambassador , that being the russian ambassador , and thus there will be repercussions . 
  this was negligence on turkey 's part . 
  this is huge and will have massive diplomatic fall out . 
  and unexpected as well : the relationship between turkey and russia was improving as of late , so this comes out of the blue . 
  link to dutch nos article with [ video of the ambassador getting shot ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2149210-russische-ambassadeur-neergeschoten-in-turkije.html ) ( graphic !, 
  really , that was the vibe i got from this act in a way . 
  something like this could be the fuse that sets all on fire in the worst case scenario . 
  lets hope the states involved will keep cool . 
  this is huge and will have massive diplomatic fall out . 
  and unexpected as well : the relationship between turkey and russia was improving as of late , so this comes out of the blue . 
  edit : link to dutch nos article with [ video of the ambassador getting shot ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2149210-russische-ambassadeur-neergeschoten-in-turkije.html ) ( graphic !, 
  honestly : i do n't believe you . 
  you seem way too impulsive and abrasive to fit in such a category . 
  but hey , it 's your story so if you want to pull this expertise card more often feel free to do so !, 
   i 'd say , you see it that way only because your knowledge of political philosophy is limited at best . 
  and yours is , broad ? 
  am i talking to an authority on something ? 
  or do authorities not exist to start out with ? 
  in each case : nice try , but that 's not the way to convince someone . 
  you 'd do well to remember that : such a tone does not belong in any discussion , whether in a real life situation or on an online message board . 
  you would do well on doubling down on the hubris and disdain towards others . 
  it 's obvious this comment is far from being constructive and is therefore rather self defeating . 
   because essentially all you 'd be doing is getting those people to do these practices out of the country , or worse , `` under the table '' with unqualified personnel . 
  that 's the automatic result , indeed . 
  yet fewer parents will do it , and those that are caught doing it ( whether during regular medical examinations of young children or otherwise ) can be fined when its banned . 
  it will in all cases lower the prevalence of it taking place , thus the goal justifies the means . 
  let 's stop talking about this though : the tone of the discussion has taken a turn for the worst . 
  that 's not an accusation , but it 's better for us to call it the day . 
  though i certainly disagree with your observation of seeing this discussion passing by ` every other week ' : if that would be my impression i would n't even bother in the first place . 
   you understand that the 13 % who do n't agree with it are pretty much the 13 % who practice it , so this is pretty much a scenario of a tyranny of the majority forcing their view on the minority ? 
  tyranny of the majority is in essence how democracy works . 
  even though there is room for minorities and dissent within modern day democracies the majority will always be able to make the decisions they see fit . 
  in this case there is a very strong tendency in danish society to ban the practice outright , which is so overwhelming that it completely eclipses the remaining 13 % in importance . 
   probably because of a failure to prove it actually poses any harm or danger to the child . 
  i mean if the best you 've got is a study showing that maybe sex will not `` feel '' as good for them it 's not a very convincing one when talking about stripping a religious minority of a ritual that 's a couple of millennia old . 
   i do n't mind the idea of banning it because i feel it 's a complete non-issue either way , but your argument and reasoning are pretty weak . 
  it 's a completely non-issue * only * if you disagree with the reading that parents do n't have the power to make such decisions . 
  let us imagine i am a devout catholic and for whatever reason ( mind you , this is an extreme example ) i would decide to tattoo the trinity on my child 's back . 
  should i also be able to do that , even though our life visions differ ? 
  you mistake the fact that the ruling mores have a profound impact on how society works and also , how it is organised . 
  also , as you already admitted in the second quote there is research that shows circumcision actually leads to less sexual satisfaction in some males , and that should already be enough reason to ban it outright for non-adults that can not decide besides the quasi-philosophical discussion about what parents should be allowed to do in such cases out of their own personal vision on life . 
   i 'm still in awe at the amount of discussion this thing generates on reddit though . 
  i wish reddit would be at least half as invested in talking about science and politics as they are in talking about penises . 
  i think that 's right in * some * way , yet i 've only seen this topic pass on reddit maybe 10 times or so in the past 2 years ? 
  at the same time things like ubi are being talked about on a daily basis , and let us not forget the recent elections in the us for example . 
  or what about the ever increasing crusade for the legalization of pot worldwide ? 
  but really , if you do n't like the subject you could also steer clear of it and not talk down the opposite view as ` unimportant ' just because you disagree . 
  edit : fixed something . 
   past polls have shown that upwards of 87 per cent of danes support banning the practice on boys under the age of 18 , the local reported . 
  that ought to be enough , even though popular consent is n't necessary here in my view . 
  this kind of savagery should 've been banned decades ago already , yet so far by far most countries have n't done so . 
  what remains is the question ` why ? ' .
