  very interesting read !, 
  thank you for sharing your experiences . 
   most of the donald and pol are young guys with no experience but hate . 
  in my opinion that 's the largest downside of the internet : you can believe everything , no matter how extreme , as you 'll find resonance in the end . 
  there 's a niche for * everything * , and it brings about the impression an extreme thing can be considered normal . 
  it 's curious to see how the rise of the internet seems to correspond with people losing all modesty in their assessments of the world and how it all works , with humility being the prime victim of it . 
  this thing will come back to bite us in the future if we do n't deal with it . 
  there should be more focus on it and more effort to combat it as a societal problem . 
   i 'd advise you to look at older threads of past events this and last year , from multiple sources , to get a better picture . 
  maybe go away from the trump subreddits a little bit . 
  this demands further clarification . 
  i infrequently read both / r/enoughtrumpspam and / r/the _ donald for comic relief while browsing out of / r/all , but that 's about it . 
  why this link ? 
   sounds more like a `` i claim to be from the other side , but agree with this side , to sound more trustworthy '' - type of deal . 
  which is , again , a false image you willingly or unwillingly create . 
  i 've always voted right wing in my country and will continue to do so . 
  many of my ideas are much more conservative than those of others as well , while some can be considered a bit progressive . 
  the balance is clear though : i 'm not interested in overly progressive , left leaning politics just for the sake of it . 
  for me however , the far right got nothing to do with real right wing politics - nor will i ever be interested in it . 
  i 'm bringing it up because your knee jerk response kind of smells like being inspired by it . 
  if you do n't want to believe it , that 's up to you . 
  i know what the truth of the matter is and am willing to look beyond - and that 's a massive advantage in times like these . 
   fact is ( and no downvoting from you will change this ) that both partys are extreme in their opinion and tend to be irrational to validate their political views . 
  also , i did n't downvote you . 
  yet what you are doing here is just repeating what you said before , * without * justifying why . 
  i already told you that you presented us here with a false picture , e.g. 
  `` it 's just as stupid to state that foreigners ca n't do any wrong '' - and you need to owe up to that . 
  admit it was highly overreacted and just made up and after that present yourself as more down to earth . 
   just as it is stupid to say that every foreigner is a terrorist , ** it 's just as stupid to say that foreigners ca n't do any wrong . 
  ** the latter of which has never - ever - been claimed by even the most far-left hippie out there . 
  you ( sub ) consciously create a false image of the ` other side ' in order to support your claim that the other side is no better . 
  i 'm right wing myself and yet i can only admit that the people identifying as such are often just that more harsh in the way they think and act . 
  they are n't afraid to take tough decisions , yet at the same time can be much more prone to jump to conclusions beforehand . 
  the ` left ' - equally vague as that term might be - seems to be less bothered by that attitude and more by indecision . 
  remember these are * tendencies : * the left and right in the end are just descriptive terms , not absolute truths . 
  but let 's be very clear : the people that today point out that not every terror attack needs to be an attack by a muslim do so because the opposite was already said yesterday , by thousands of young people . 
  they just set the image right - and everyone willing to adjust their views profits of it . 
   frankly , both the left and the right side of this politics debate look like idiotic clowns . 
  not surprisingly , i do n't agree with this . 
  the right at this point has become worse , specifically much ` louder ' at times like these . 
  it 's an observation many honest , decent right wingers will have made by now . 
  unfortunately , there are many crazies on the right - probably even more than on the left . 
  no one is defending the perp here : this suggestion alone is appalling and in really bad taste . 
  the general vibe here was ` let 's wait and see ' and that still applies . 
  until it 's clear what he allegedly shouted , nothing conclusive can be said about him having terrorist sympathies . 
  the future of europe is bright enough in my opinion , unless you 're an extreme cynic in observing the world . 
  venture out there in the world and realize it 's just business as usual . 
  turns out the guy was n't a radical muslim , but a depressed loner . 
  that 's why no one should draw conclusions beforehand : it 's a dangerous and moreover unintelligent attitude . 
  it 's curious to see how topics like these are full of catchy oneliners , often indeed completely without any reason as you state . 
  there 's seemingly nearly always too little effort involved at such times , as if people act fully emotionally . 
  it really is a good way to tell which ones are mindless sheep and which are not . 
  i 'll pay close attention then and make sure to come back to you in case you 're wrong ( which is a slim , but distinct possibility ) . 
  in each case it 's in highly bad taste to start preaching politics when the bodies of the victims are still warm , but that aside . 
  why you call me gullible is also beyond me . 
  you must be a psychic then . 
  being sure amounts to being 99,9 % or more certain about x , which is obviously not possible at this point . 
  let 's wait for the investigation first before drawing conclusions , no matter how probable what you 're saying is . 
  i think upcoming laser technology will prove you wrong faster than you 'll imagine . 
  there will be ways to eliminate mad due to emerging technology , and it will turn the world around . 
  it 's impossible to stop such a thing : the other party will need to adjust , and that takes time . 
  i think that fully depends on the software installed . 
  but if vital parts are destroyed ( i.e. 
  the pre nuclear charge ) then it will be able to do shit . 
  so at best for the country firing , it would relocate the explosion due to self destruct . 
  turkey obviously . 
  the relationship between turkey and other nato nations , particularly the us , has been strained for quite some time already . 
  turkey played a kind of dubious role in the syrian civil war , and the change in government style we 've been observing for years already is making other highly developed democracies that are members of nato weary . 
  turkey got an aura of impredictability surrounding it that is threathening to nato itself . 
  missile defence technology is being increasingly further developed and getting more accurate altogether . 
  this got the potential to neutralize that crucial principle of contemporary peace you correctly remark on . 
  if there are sick people out there aiming to ` remake ' the world this might actually be the time , as the us is probably ahead with such technology as of 2016 . 
  that might no longer be the case in a few years time . 
  nukes will still get through , but it wo n't result in instant obliteration anymore . 
  i 'm telling you : the stage is being set for another major conflict , possibly another world war . 
  there are many lingering problems in the world : - the inability of the unsc to act when something goes wrong , one of the founding reasons for the un in the first place ; - widespread regional conflict , paired with seemingly ever increasing refugee streams - not only in europe ; - increasing tension between the us and other great powers/super powers ( in the making ) ; - increasing instability of the eu , as well as increasing resentment ; - the rise of other nations that want to profile themselves ( again ) on the world stage , threathening the west its traditional hegemony in world politics ; - and the list goes on and on and on : economic crisis , certain ` powder kegs ' in the world ( e.g. 
  israel/palestine , ukraine , turkey , etc. 
  ) , new challenges due to emerging technology , etc. 
  this is n't some next level conspiracy thinking : world war 3 is starting to become more and more of a reality if you actually notice that the board is being set for widespread conflict . 
  it does n't * have * to happen , but it is becoming more of a distinct option with each passing year . 
  this might actually accelerate the creation of a european army if trump would 1 ) be elected , and 2 ) make this policy a reality . 
  it would be the death blow to nato - an organisation that is already a bit under pressure due to what 's happening to one of its eastern most members . 
  something tells me the final battle will be fought at the pirate bay . 
  it might have degraded somehow throughout the years , but i do n't see it going offline just like that . 
  same here in the netherlands more or less . 
  the overwhelming majority is also composed of akp-loyalists . 
  though it does demand further clarification not all of them are in support of the akp , and we should not underestimate that significant minority . 
  sure , and so far i have little reason to doubt those scenes as well . 
  the thing is that i think it 's fully possible some allahu akhbar shouting crowd - that immediatly gets on the streets after erdogan asked them to do so - is capable of just that . 
  but let 's keep a sharp eye on the news regarding the ` beheading ' story . 
  thanks for linking it ( upvoted ! ), 
  yet it is n't really conclusive would n't you say ? 
  all it does it cast some doubt on that story . 
  the people want death !, 
  we should give it to them , because democracy !, 
  / erdogan and yildirim . 
  at this point i 'm starting to think this might be counterproductive to the ruling government . 
  you 'll take people away from positions of power , yet they will resent you for it . 
  it might have the opposite effect erdogan is hoping for in the long run . 
  well put into words .
