  but we all love totems to attack , do n't we ? 
  yep . 
  closer to rhode island than to the shores of western europe : at least that 's the impression i get sometimes . 
  ca n't argue with that : you guys have a much more refined sense of food ( similar to the italians ) while your average dutchman is apparantly satisfied with a mediocre cheese sandwich . 
  not all of us fortunately , but many . 
  i 'm quite you sure you found the bread awful as well , right ? 
  sounds beautiful nevertheless . 
  it 's still a hill  . 
  but yes , we do n't have mountains in the european parts of the kingdom ( sadly enough ) . 
  do n't mountains start at 500 meters ? 
  it 's a welcome change to see something else than flatland once in a while : i consider the average dutch landscape to be very , very boring . 
  being in central limburg feels like being in another country sometimes !, 
  maastricht happens to be flat because it lies on the banks of the meuse river . 
  the direct surroundings are also flat because of the meuse having changed its course over the last millions of years . 
  if you go a bit north-east , towards valkenburg for example , it 's high hills all over the place . 
  more correct would 've been saying ` central limburg ' , albeit a bit more towards the south . 
  the mergelland is very hill like . 
  indeed : discussions like this are silly , and even protective to organisations like is because of the implied comparison . 
  really sad that it has come to this . 
  i did not argue against that : i argued against the * implication * that is might be freedom fighters in themselves . 
  a comparison is being drawn between ypg and is , and i commented that the comparison in itself is flawed . 
  this was further reinforced by this :  `` activities and events officer , asad khan , said the decision was `` because there were concerns an event with a person speaking about their experiences fighting in syria could lead to others going and fighting in the conflict '' '' and this :  `` in every conflict there are two sides , and at uclu we want to avoid taking sides in conflicts . '', 
  i condemned the comparison as disgusting . 
  the highest moral standards do not exist in warfare as it does not work like that in practice : there will always be excesses , sadly enough . 
  before you commented i added the line ` no single military unit engaged in heavy warfare is ( good/behaving like a saint ) ' : in conflict there are always soldiers that cross the boundary and kill innocents . 
  the real question is whether it is institutional or not : if this happens to be the case it is way more serious . 
  is is known for its systematic terrorisation of the populace : recent reports out of raqqa ( next to dozens of disgusting videos by now ) have confirmed that once again . 
  where are all these videos about ypg ? 
  you probably immediatly bounce back by responding that the ypg also commits such crimes , or other crimes , but that they are simply not or barely reported . 
  this however is a grave accusation towards the ypg itself : the ypg could very well be a savage alliance , but ** without ** seeing adequate proof of such * institutional * practices by the ypg i will remain more neutral about it . 
  also : kurds are much more moderate than your average sunni or shia muslim in that part of the world , thus they already are higher in standing in my view . 
  disagree with that all you want , but is is certainly the greatest evil at work here - taking into the account the butchershop it seems be running . 
  that is nowhere near black and white thinking - but you immediatly perceived this was the case . 
  ypg is the lesser evil and should therefore be supported and respected for the time being , especially as they are on the front lines . 
  you in your cozy chair however are not , nor am i. 
  be pragmatic and let go of impossible standards . 
  many dutch people are indeed parsimonious , often euphemistically called ` zuinig ' ( carefully spending ) . 
  i believe we also have that reputation abroad by now : a very shameful thing . 
  next to that , many people here have an horrendous english accent , despite being able to speak proper english . 
  unless you live in southern limburg , but that 's a detail . 
  we all do ? 
  also : who gave you the power to speak for this community ? 
  you come over as an arrogant and sour know it all by proposing this is the truth . 
  you can not know beforehand , and reading the comments here , it seems that by far the most people have indeed read the article as a whole . 
  the quotes in upvoted comments above can tell you enough in that regard . 
  do me a favor and get off your perceived high horse . 
  you have watched over everyone 's shoulder and concluded that no one read the article besides the title ? 
  interesting that you feel entitled to draw this conclusion on so little evidence , and you come over as a person that got an axe to grind with this sub in particular . 
  the ypg are no saints ( no single military unit engaged in heavy warfare is ) , but still vastly preferable to the savage hordes they are fighting . 
  everyone is free to give a value judgement about this decision , and mine is clear . 
  good points , and as much as i dislike is it would be hard to argue that you are fully wrong . 
  i think we can summarize our difference in opinion as the way we approach the subject . 
  you seem to do so in a more lexical sense , while i tend to incorporate principles as well to define what ` freedom ' and the derived term ` freedom fighters ' should be . 
  the danger of making an arbitrary difference in this case is very present , but forgive me if i can not let go of my feelings of good and bad when it comes down to this particular topic . 
  it seems extremely weird to call is freedom fighters after all , even if it is perceived : freedom of religion , freedom of speech and other vital freedoms have been limited in their caliphate . 
  how does a limitation of personal freedom on such a grand scale bring about overall freedom ? 
  ` oppression ' is something that can be measured and - again according to western standards - is fighters ( and even supporters ) are closer to the oppressors themselves than to ` liberators ' . 
  to be blunt : i refuse to let go of things we consider common and decent here when making an assessment of is . 
  in the same line : the muhajideen ( even glorified in some rambo film if i 'm not mistaken with the line ` the brave and gallant people of afghanistan ' ) that turned out to become the taliban were no freedom fighters in that sense . 
  they brought about a theocratic dictatorship that limited overall freedom . 
  in fact : one dictatorial government changed position with another in afghanistan , the goal of the muhajideen all along . 
  was n't that very same period in french history called ` the terror ' ? 
  according to modern day standards what happened in france back then was indeed highly barbaric , but that 's what you get for oppressing the people . 
  it was an emotional response to long lasting abuse , but even then certainly not right . 
  interesting . 
  it seems like we differ on whether ` freedom fighter ' refers to a person with good intentions in general , where ` good ' is to measured by some universal standards . 
  almost all societies in the world outlaw murder , rape and comparable crimes as gross violations of human dignity . 
  using rape and random executions as a means of enforcing ones own ideals are certainly not ` normal ' in the part of the world we live in - and at the same time it is nearly impossible to let go of ones own ideas about what is good and what is bad . 
  as you indeed stated : is finds itself on the wrong side of the spectrum , and at that point i do not consider is ` freedom fighters ' at all . 
  to fight for freedom should be an inherently good thing , a condition is does not fulfill . 
  not to mention the contradiction between the ` freedom ' is wants to spread and the way it pans out in practice ( a drastic limitation of freedom ! ) . 
  therefore the term is not fitting , subjectively or objectively . 
  but opinions can differ of course . 
  freedom fighters do not take off the heads of defeated , kneeling men . 
  the mental gymnastics these people do are shocking . 
  democracy , the system that is beyond all rational doubt if i have to believe so many people around me . 
  the outcome of these elections has once again affirmed my doubts about certain aspects of it . 
  gyros , hands down . 
  anecdotal evidence is not worthless , albeit less in value than scientific evidence . 
  besides : i challenged you to just ask the question to the people you know , without pushing them in a certain direction . 
  just ask them : where does europe end ? 
  i am very curious to your findings in that case . 
  europe in itself is by the way inherently arbitrary : the eurasian plate knows no subsidivisions in that regard and the surface area of europe and asia is directly connected over thousands of miles . 
  also , i already anticipated to the motivations of the poster by starting to talk about the reasons behind his post , which he confirmed in his reply . 
  europe can be defined by multiple angles , but in the end all are arbitrary . 
  the border between north and south america is relatively clear cut : the border between europe and asia is n't . 
  i mostly agree again . 
  about this though :  also , do n't get me wrong but a rich humanist tradition and separation of powers , etc were not existent in the europe not long ago , other than nordic countries , england and some exceptions , yet nobody can deny they were europeans . 
  the enlightenment radically changed the majority of western and northern european nations and that is already a while ago . 
  indeed : other nations that fought free of the failed experiment of communism have joined way afterwards and did not broadly share those values before . 
  the thing is , in the past europe was more or less synonymous with the christian world ( that included russia back then according to this narrow definition ) , or the christian sphere of influence : there was no talk about shared values back then , moreover there was a lot of strife between nations . 
  so much that it resulted in this continent being reduced to a pile of rubble the second time it all went wrong here . 
  only after that time did europe as we know it nowadays really started to exist in terms of cooperation . 
  but that 's something else : i think we in general agree on the stuff exchanged in the past few comments . 
  the eu for example got a real legitimacy problem when it tries to defend what ` europe ' really is . 
  the eu even had some task force find an answer to that question some time back , and they could n't find it !, 
  therefore being a member of the eu , with shared goals cast into higher legislation , is so important to prevent discussions like this . 
  at least one can fall back on ` legal ' evidence then . 
   also , north caucasus is not just in russian sphere of influence but under control of russia . 
  and , not sure if we can exclude russians for being europeans .
