  but even if it is a true , a decade long culture of obedience towards ` the state ' has been the main culprit in all of this . 
  is it just me , or does the word ` crackdown ' belong close to terms like criminality , severe wrongdoing and immoral practices ? 
  i find it rather strange that this is used in conjunction with migrants , as if it is a criminal bunch in its entirety . 
  before i get framed : no , those that are illegally residing in europe should be sent back . 
  i 'm more talking about the apparant imminent link between migrants and criminality that the title suggests . 
  suddenly , a serious threat * did * appear ( somewhere early on in 2014 ) . 
  i do not want to see this continent raped a third time because we were n't prepared . 
  nato , c.q. 
  mostly the usa , can only get us so far . 
  to that i agree , though partially . 
  basically the $ 7.655 we 're talking about would be about the same as a normal salary of $ 13.000 / $ 14.000 a month ( before taxes ) . 
  it is very much true that there is much more to earn out there , and more than occassionally i hear people say that the * real leaders * and other capable people reside in the private sector . 
  but there must be a balance between the level of stress that a job can impose , the necessary knowledge and experience and any ( monetary ) reward for that job . 
  in the private sector we have noticed that things have gone drastically out of hand , with yearly salaries of over 1 m not being that exceptional . 
  i 'd rather see a europe - though here 's the pickle - where rewards will be severely reduced by legislation in order to get rid of the ever growing culture of money grabbing . 
  basically : the highest paid employee should not earn more than 10 times the amount that the lowest paid employee gets . 
  that i consider fair , for the private sector . 
  looking at the public sector - and the pay of politicians in general - there are more ethical constraints on how much someone , that is actually in service of the people , should be paid . 
  now , i do believe that the figure we are talking about could actually be doubled as long as it attracts more competent mep 's and if the persons we are speaking about on average work 50-60 hours a week . 
  that for now is * not * the case for mep 's . 
  just out of curiosity : do you have any idea why so few new nuclear power plants are being build in the us at the moment ? 
  judging from your story , i take it that the democratic/republican divide does n't really matter with regard to this subject , so something else must be at work . 
  i was waiting for that comment ^ ^ . 
  where did you hear of it ? 
  italians should welcome some fresh capital at this point , given the extremely dire social-economic situation . 
  also , china is likely aiming for long term influence , not for making some quick euro 's by e.g. 
  sucking italian companies dry . 
  i dare to say that i would rather have a ` communist ' taking over my business than some bigshot company with a rating on the nyse or ftse . 
  my capitalist mind is thinking about buying some russian stocks . 
  question is , when will it hit the bottom ? 
  there seems to be no end to this downturn so far . 
  immediate relief maybe , but no long term solution . 
  though i do understand that things are more tense in the baltics then downstream here in the netherlands . 
  i hate to say it , but the eu could use a bit more militarism . 
  the focus should remain on defense of course . 
  this . 
  the eu should learn to fend for itself . 
  but apparantly the political obstacles are still too great , despite that europe is slowly but surely moving towards a common defense . 
  interesting . 
  i 'll reflect on this . 
  as for nuclear fusion : that ** is ** the holy grail , but i believe that really is too far out at this point . 
  but we 'll see what the future brings . 
  let 's first see how the reactor in cadarache ( ? ), 
  will perform . 
  i partially agree to this , though i have problems with wind power as well . 
  disregarding the lobby of wind power advocates : multiple reports ( though there are conflicting reports on this , i give you that much ) still claim that wind turbines - specifically new ones - only manage to find their way because of heavy subsidizing . 
  my general dislike for these landscape polluting works of art is mainly supported by that assumption . 
  you talked about denmark , and i think that is a good example of how it could be done . 
  however , at the same time do n't assume that wind turbines costs little to nothing in maintenance . 
  quite a few turbines that we have over here in the netherlands are suffering from serious maintenance problems and will be forced to be replaced or overhauled earlier than expected . 
  but that 's not my point : i 'm not here to villanize wind power . 
  i am actively resisting the people that see * no other way * than going full wind/solar power . 
  something that will very much remain a dream for the coming 50 years . 
   all in all , renewable energy promises :  a circulation of commodities . 
  wind turbines , batteries and solar panels are or can be recyclable . 
   no fuel dependency , or as you will `` tight integration '' . 
  it removes asymmetric relationships between producer and consumer ( france - australia [ uranium ] , europe - russia [ gas ] , western world - middle east [ oil ] ) . 
   a much more reliable grid , as it is build for failure . 
  see denmark / germany . 
   truly clean energy . 
   nuclear energy ( fission , that is ) can never satisfy these properties by its very definition . 
  so no , we should n't build more nuclear reactors to provide for our energy needs . 
  instead we should focus on finally getting it right by being smart about it : build a grid which does n't rely on fuels , stimulates independency ( / tight integration ) and is self-sufficient i do not completely agree to this . 
  granted , nuclear power can not be completely clean , but at the same time i loathe this kind of reasoning , as it * assumes * that the environment * will be harmed * by radiation . 
  as long as radioactive leftover products get properly stored , there is no threat at all to the environment . 
  also : a lot of c02 gets released during the manufacture of wind turbines and solar panels . 
  i dare to say * much * more than nuclear power plants . 
  but really now : we 're talking about almost nothing of importance compared to coal powered plants , so i do n't really consider this to be important . 
  the average citizen - maybe to our dismay - does not care about this . 
  i do agree that the grid gets more reliable , but mostly because of its decentralized nature . 
  looking at reality however , the current power grid we have in europe * is * highly reliable , as long as it is well maintained . 
  in belgium , we are seeing the opposite at the moment because of a lack of proper maintenance . 
  the ironic part is that this lack of maintenance , and the resulting dangers , might as well be the result of decades of pressure by the anti-nuclear movement . 
  as for your other two bulletpoints , i do agree . 
  do n't get me wrong : i 'm not here to discredit everything you say , so i 'd like to emphasize that you are very much right here . 
  although thorium and uranium can almost surely be acquired from friendly nations in the future without any further problems , but in the end one could say there is some kind of ` dependence ' . 
  generation iii generators exist at this moment , though few in number . 
  another reason for this being : pressure from the anti nuclear lobby . 
  it amazes me how they actually made the world a more hazardous place by succeeding in forcing the lifetime extension of gen ii plants . 
  as for gen iv : technology advances as quickly as society wants it to be . 
  why we here - worthy to our democratic tradition - are bickering about why we should or should n't build additional nuclear power plants , china is happily building new plants by the dozens . 
  india is actively experimenting with new designs , as are half a dozen other countries out there . 
  as technology tends to grow much faster than linear , i expect those technologies to be ready way before 2030 . 
  if you put enough money into something , it 'll work . 
  what i do know for sure is that gen iv reactors will beat wind energy by default in terms of efficiency , making it obsolete in the near future . 
  i would n't be surprised if investors know this very well , which explains why the market for wind turbines is still not growing at an exponential rate . 
  i purposely completely discredit the idiots that were protesting in germany and other countries in the wake of fukushima daiichi . 
  people that were participating were just participating because it was cool , not necessarily because it was the rational thing to do . 
  it was amusing to see some of the responses on television whenever some were asked to answer even the most basic questions about nuclear energy . 
  if you needed an explanation about ` why ' , that 's the one you are looking for . 
  do you have any proof to back this up ? 
  it sounds awfully much like a conspiracy theory with regard to the evil lobby part . 
  you might be right , but i just want to see some evidence at least . 
  i believe the french trend is quite the opposite than you suggest , as france is leaning towards decreasing their dependance on nuclear power . 
  as for the depositing of fuel : reprocessing is an important step in reducing the amount of long-living waste products , but moreover : proper storage in robust bunkers e.g. 
  will make sure society is safe from the hazards of radiation . 
  even things like this do n't matter whenever waste is properly stored : http://corporate.vattenfall.com/news-and-media/news/2014/corrosion-found-on-more-barrels-in-brunsbuttel/ . 
  which does not mean that i presume nuclear waste is n't dangerous : it should be kept well away from major cities and should be properly locked away and guarded . 
  too easy . 
  interesting comment .
