  do you doubt [ this link ] ( https://i.imgur.com/y64e5l8.png ) posted by a user , that refers to google cache to prove the title was actually correct ? 
  if you do n't , this tag needs to be removed after all , as it has become factually incorrect in that case . 
  i do n't claim to know it better here , but if the bbc indeed used that title before you should correct it after all . 
  not to mention that this has been in the comments for a few hours by now : maybe you should 've replied there instead of stickying it here . 
  i do n't doubt that those types swarmed to the memorial to create disorder , yet that is a separate thing compared to the post 's title . 
  question is whether that handful of threads ( i can only recall one for sure , and that 's the one on some stormfront forum ) justify calling this sub ` far right ' , as is suggested above . 
  this is a really annoying habit by some people here , as the sub can be called right wing ( no argument from me on that side ) , yet the far right is associated with downright borderline ideas . 
  last time i checked , openly crusading for national socialist ideas and other comparable stuff that goes beyond good taste is not tolerated here . 
  not to mention that brigading is difficult to prove . 
  indeed , the asinine behavior of the past days ( if not just * hostile * behavior ) is worrying , but to see the invisible hand of brigading behind it without sufficient proof is also lazy would n't you say ? 
  i think the underbelly of many europeans , including many people in the netherlands , is just like that . 
  no need to see far right intentions in it as the main instigator . 
  edit : if you do n't agree , just respond . 
  also : there 's no denying about brigading going on in the post above : i doubt the * extent * of it . 
   why exactly are we supposed to ` hate ' the conservative right ? 
  you 're supposed to do nothing . 
  many people however rather avoid the political extremes , whether on the left or right , as they tend to deal in absolute truths way more often than your average moderate . 
  people that are entrenched in their own world view to the point that they 're no longer able to adjust it when the necessity arises do n't need to be supported if you ask me . 
  not to mention that * if * some extreme faction would come to power it will likely resort to quelling protests of people that think otherwise , so that adds to the general warning hanging around the extreme right for example . 
  thanks for adding this . 
  in that case the tag above should be removed , as the op was genuine with respect to the article posted . 
  by eating ( excessively ) with family and probably rewatching south park 's `` fantastic easter special '' . 
  eleven september . 
  also never ` eleventh of september ' for example . 
  we write it in the same order . 
  that depends on local laws . 
  over here life imprisonment ( in the netherlands that is ) actually always is life imprisonment . 
  the king almost never pardons someone ( unless that person is terminally ill for example , as a gesture of mercy ) and for decades life imprisonment here has equaled been declared dead while still alive . 
  in short : it depends on whether there is a parole system . 
  in this case i 'm not sure whether the tribunal knows a parole system in its status . 
  i would prefer them to show some common decency and wait until the dead have been laid to rest , instead of using the fact that innocent people died for their own agenda . 
  that 's the difference here : wait , think it over when all emotions have subsided , and then preceed to further action . 
  sounds reasonable right ? 
  too bad too many people are easily captivated by dramatic footage and are very sensible to extreme measures in the direct aftermath . 
  no problem . 
  yet we still think [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/upzr4jx.png ) . 
  wooooooosh . 
  probably because : 1 ) israel is the go to scapegoat for your average jew hating muslim , and ; 2 ) many muslims believe that isis is some kind of elaborate conspiracy plot created by the mossad or other western intelligence services . 
  no matter that thousands of people apparantly are willing to sacrifice their lives for such a plot , or the impossibilities of no one involved in the plot snitching , but rational thinking is just fully absent in such people . 
  so much this . 
  the bodies of the ** victims ** are n't cold or opportunists all over the internet are using their deaths for political gain already . 
  rather surprised this kind of stuff can be found on / r/europe : open advertising for / r/the _ donald . 
  the brigading is getting ridiculously obvious again if you ask me . 
  what 's next : are we also supposed to scream high energy !, 
  a week from now ? 
  neither do i , but that is n't relevant to what i responded to . 
  in the response i corrected a comment that belongs directly in / r/badhistory . 
  if that is your counterargument then you are basically arguing against one of the core legal principles out there : pacta sunt servanda . 
  yes it sucks that the previous government agreed in the face of massive popular opposition - but that deal was binding in the end . 
  if you want to argue against it , find some argument in the treaties that would run counter to the obligation of poland to do this , or just reason against it out of some sovereign argument . 
  but not like this . 
  well put . 
  let me finish the phrase that your name started . 
  [ enlightenment is here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_the_united_kingdom#polish_resettlement_act_1947' ) . 
  not that i like the comparison above that much , but let us not deny that tens of thousands of poles ( in excees of 100.000 ) found refuge in the uk after stalin decided to annex poland for that terrible experiment called communism . 
  until the end of the cold war the polish government in exile seated in london , although most people here are probably unaware of that fact . 
  not to mention the sheer numbers , which is something people are glancing over as well . 
  there are just way more muslims in europe than in the us . 
  combine that with the usual cocktail of resistance to the host culture , bad language skills and living in impoverished neighbourhoods , and you got a recipe for disaster - unlike in the us . 
  but yeah , i wish we could turn back time sometimes . 
  yet we ca n't . 
  europe , europe , europe . 
  i keep hearing that , but so far three things happened in the span of one year ( edit : and a few months ) . 
  three terrible attacks nevertheless , but do n't use that as a basis to draw conclusions about the security services of the uk , the netherlands , spain , italy , germany , and so forth . 
  multiple people from across the pond seem to embark on such an adventure at the moment , while in the process forgetting that europe still consists of dozens of sovereign nation states with their own intelligence apparatus . 
  some fail , while others have the situation firmly in hand . 
  edit : fixed a word, 
  only the turkish state did n't extradite him ( in case you were talking about turkey ) : they sent him back . 
  extradition is a wholly different process , where someone gets switched from the custody of nation a to nation b. 
  no such thing happened here : turkey just shipped him back , and left some notes about his terrorist allegiances . 
  but it goes without saying that the guy was n't properly watched from there on . 
  it 'll be curious to see where the aivd comes in with regard to this story , even though we over here have the situation firmly in hand since 2001 ( with one glitch , and that was a high profile murder ) . 
  behold , the difference between the failed approach of ` integration ' , that causes split and segregated societies , and the more rational path of assimilation . 
  although i do not support your conclusion that ` this does n't happen often in continental europe , and apparantly never in belgium ' . 
  we have way to little evidence to draw that conclusion now ( you 're basically drawing it out of one case ) , even though the crowd in molenbeek again proved how wrong integration went in so many places in europe . 
  well the boston and san bernardino attacks were n't exactly lone wolf attacks , nor should you expect that everything can be prevented by mass surveillance , especially now end to end encryption is on the rise . 
  even if authorities all over the world would get a ` master ' key over all encrypted traffic within major it companies , terrorists would just move to the next level and set up a private server with end to end encryption . 
  it 's a constantly shifting game , and at some point crucial communication will no longer be tappable , instead of just being missed or overlooked as happens so often nowadays . 
  before people get me wrong : i want these extremists to get caught before they do their terrible shit , but surveilllance on the black market ( for explosives and weapons ) , surveillance on persons in police records and other traditional methods are plenty sufficient in doing just that , provided enough manpower is available as well as enough legal tools to operate without restraint . 
  sadly , many of those factors were n't at optimal strength in belgium for the past years ( and still are ) , and i think belgium is n't alone in that . 
  the bombings in boston , the san bernardino attacks , a shitload of school shootings that could n't be prevented , etc. 
  should i go on ? 
  was that meant in jest , or is there really some popular resistance against surveillance cameras in ny ? 
  or criminal resistance ? 
  is the cuban flag a temporary thing by the way ? 
  it catches my eye  . 
  it 's the emotions after an attack again : suddenly fundamental rights go directly out of the window because people are just mad . 
  they do n't really think it over and primarily act out of a reflex . 
  they 're like : ` hey , that guy is talking too much ' . 
  or ` he 's pc it seems ' , and then they downvote away . 
  really , / r/europe is completely different compared to a week ago : the atmosphere is downright hostile if you do n't join the circlejerk here - and freethinking tends to get punished a lot . 
  it 's another example that the downvote button for comments on reddit needs to go , or at least that there should be an option for subreddits to remove it . 
  people just ca n't handle it . 
  thanks for responding . 
  well if i look at my own situation : it 's hard to find that many cameras in public here in the netherlands as well . 
  sure , some of the major cities like rotterdam , amsterdam , utrecht and the hague have them , but even then you wo n't find them on every corner of street . 
  the average small city here does n't have them - at all - nor is it a standard thing across europe . 
  that 's why i considered the example above a bit mediocre : it seems like it is based on the example of london - and london in turn is extrapolated to ` europe ' . 
  i think the differences are n't that significant to start out with : people do n't need to expect 10 times more cameras in europe than in the us for example . 
  out of curiosity , can you understand my point above that camera surveillance is less intrusive than say the mass gathering of private data ?
