  imagine the implications of what you 're saying here . 
  - it was staged , and somehow the officers in charge of the coup were not aware of it being staged . 
  also , tens of thousands of soldiers have been arrested and/or fired . 
  - western nations were really slow to condemn the coup , which was a massive red flag from my point of view . 
  only when it was clear the coup was lost did the condemnations come in . 
  this seemed to suggest prior knowledge to a possible coup and - in the utmost case - a degree of knowledge and/or involvement in planning of it . 
  i just do n't consider likely to have been a trick by erdogan : without further proof for that conspiracy theory , i will not take it over the very real possibility of secular remnants of the turkish army actually staging one - and losing out . 
   religion is opium for the people . 
  * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opium_of_the_people#lenin ) not the original quote by marx , but certainly not wrong either . 
  since it is being forced upon the population , i consider ` opium for ' instead of ` opium of ' more suitable here . 
  opium for the people !, 
  ridiculous !, 
  i just read about it in dutch sources - and am truly shocked erdogan 's turkey is willing to go this far to keep the population bereft of necessary knowledge . 
  this will serve the purpose of giving way to islamic creationist teachings about the origin of life , and giving a one-sided view of how life came to evolve . 
  this is another reason why i regret the coup d'etat failed , forgive me for saying so . 
  turkey is moving back into the dark ages , shrouding itself in the vague ideas of unrestricted religion . 
  sure , but i was more reacting in the spirit of what / u/spacehippode wrote . 
  in the end , there 's nothing factually wrong about that statement , even if it is deprived of nuance . 
  that explains . 
  but was n't the bulk composed of german forces anyways ? 
  i mean , it 's a nuance , but at the same time ` when german forces arrived in lithuania ' is n't false as well . 
  true , it changed course significantly the past few years . 
  you 're right in saying that . 
  maybe we should add british labour to it , even though its recovery during the last elections was relatively small . 
  i do n't think it will succeed in winning the elections there anytime soon . 
  many socialist or social-democratic parties in europe have a credibility problem , resulting in the paradox that those parties that want to represent and protect ` the worker ' are being discarded by that very same group . 
  i think immigration policy has a lot to do with it , and the influence left-wing parties had in that respect in the past . 
  people feel culturally threathened , while the stuff that makes them feel threathened found good earth with those left wing parties in the past or still in the present . 
  the french socialists have joined the dutch labour party ( pvda ) in the grave of discarded left-wing parties . 
  its crushing defeat is comparable if not worse than the pvda , the latter of which lost about 75 % of its seats in the previous elections, 
  obligatory historical photograph : [ kohl and mitterrand ] ( http://www.cvce.eu/content/publication/2009/8/19/2f9050c7-d5cb-4899-9bb2-e1e05bb9cb26/publishable.jpg ) holding hands at verdun , signifying the definite end of french-german enmity . 
  a process that was started years beforehand already , yet solidified in this historical gesture . 
  it remains a powerful picture , even after all those years . 
  we 'll get back at this monday . 
  but it 's looking grim for me - . - . 
  besides the n-i scenario you described , this is still good right ? 
  i imagine the conservatives will further suffer from cooperation with such an entity in the long term . 
  5 euros on her resigning before the week 's over . 
  journalistic standards are high again in the uk . 
  but this is nothing new : the british tabloids have mostly ( partly ) devolved into this kind of stuff , and plenty of people celebrate this kind of ` journalism ' . 
  at this point , the term propaganda would be in place . 
  this has nothing to do with bringing the news , but with influencing flocks of people to vote for x. 
  well this one is double false . 
  first of all , it has nothing to do with the eu . 
  second of all , the uk has n't even exited . 
  at least inform yourself before you start spouting around nonsense about subjects you clearly do not understand . 
  still , i 'm waiting for a ` defining moment ' in which corbyn will trip and fall . 
  expect the tories to have been sitting on something which they want to utilize at the very last moment , probably something fishy from his past . 
  or something that is known already , but recycled for its controversial status . 
  difficult to say which one ought to win , but from a european point of view it apparantly does n't matter that much . 
  fear , fear everything . 
  grow up boy , and behave like a guy . 
  if you lose your shit at a moment like this , when you were n't even involved , that pretty much confirms you 'd be useless if it happened near you . 
  you would probably be paralyzed by fear . 
  this surge in panicking teen boys on / r/europe at moments like these is just offsetting . 
  they 're supposed to carry a gun and use it if the worst were to happen in the future , yet they 'll probably just hide in a foxhole . 
  completely reasonable comment , stands at 12 downvotes . 
  probably because it does n't fulfill some necessary requirements like shouts as `` oh for fuck sake ! '', 
  and so forth . 
  really / r/europe , the fact that topics like this always turn into manic one way traffic confirms this sub got a major problem at moments like these . 
  i think you 're similar to most of reddit then , even though some wikipedia experts in this topic will undoubtedly pop up and make it seem like they know so much more  . 
  most people his age are long dead . 
  i think it 's safe to say the man deserves his retirement by now . 
  for god sake , he 's nearly 96 . 
   question to all the pro-establishment , pro-open-borders people itt - that 's where i immediatly stopped taking you seriously . 
  if you really think it 's that black and white , with two distinct ` camps ' then you are just deluding yourself . 
  there are way more tastes than just this , and ` pro-establishment ' is just another belligerent piece of terminology . 
  does n't the french government keep official figures during the day of voting ? 
  apparantly this exit poll was based on the turnout around 12:00 today . 
  according to dutch media , it is a leaked * french exit poll * . 
  yeah , it 's mostly panic in cases like this . 
  ` for fuck sake !, 
  ' , ` omg why !, 
  ' , ` damn , my condoleances ' . 
  mostly oneliners , even though they 're well meant , but not really contributing to any real debate . 
  though i will remark there 's is n't much room for debate in the first place , as so much is unclear at moments like these . 
  that 's why i said calm down beforehand , but it might be in vain . 
  yeah , heavily armed police and soldiers everywhere - at least so i 've read . 
  still , it would give me personally a sense of safety , as long as i know those weapons will never be turned on ordinary citizens . 
  when that starts to change , it gets really scary . 
  calm down and above all : do n't start some e-panic . 
  i have little doubt the french police are very much prepared at this difficult moment . 
  i imagine we 'll hear more about what happened later tonight , even though we all know what the plausible scenarios are . 
  which i consider to be a false comparison : he makes it look as if both use the same kind of language to incite people , which is just not true . 
  hence the question with regard to the language both entities use , which is n't the same . 
  discarding a valid point by more or less suggesting the newspapers involved are ` all the same ' is just dishonest . 
  there is a lack of balance on reddit , but in this discussion it does n't matter at all . 
  the real question you should ask yourself is this : do newspapers like the guardian create similar headlines ? 
  and with similar i mean : as belligerent , slanderous and nonobjective as above . 
  i 'm fine with newspapers having their own signature ideology . 
  it gets problematic when it becomes propaganda though . 
  yeah , and it 's all fun and games until people take the ` amusing ' rhetoric above a * bit * too seriously . 
  newspapers should n't stoke up the fire and sow division like this , especially with regard to the average joe - given how easily convinced he is of something . 
  a newspaper should at least keep up the appearance of objectivity ( even if influenced by its own signature ideology ) , instead of this nonsense . 
  you should n't defend it , given how the front page linked above is a good example of inciting people . 
  ** edit : ** i did n't downvote you , just so you know . 
  we are free to disagree on the matter , but you 're horribly wrong in my opinion . 
  so glad we do n't know this kind of ` journalism ' in the netherlands - at least not in a mainstream sense . 
  this is just institutionalized slander , and millions of britons eat it on a daily basis . 
  that is just scary .
