   democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others that have been tried . 
  i know this quote , and to be frank , when it pops up in discussions about the shortcomings of democracy it is mostly used to kill it right there . 
  the quote prevents people from thinking out of the box and is probably false to some extent as well . 
  democracy in africa for example has arguably proven to be much worse than one-party rule in china . 
  we should incorporate more technocratic and meritocratic elements into our current democratic systems to update the way we run our governments to the reality of the 21st century . 
  you simply can not appease all ( fringe ) groups in the country : it is impossible . 
  there has to be a general emphasis on what is best for the * country * , instead of what may seem best for a small part of the population . 
  we need to think out of the box with respect to democracy , as i am quite sure it will bring doom in the longterm . 
  remember that history is also rich with examples of democracies that failed ( ! ), 
  my best guess is that the money above is connected to criminal ( read : corrupt ) activities , which in turn has to do with the office of general prosecutor . 
  at least : i think that confiscated money would not be kept in the office of the general prosecutor , but at some other location . 
   15-05-12 still , i can appreciate the humor ^ ^ . 
  it seems to be less of a trait of dictatorships , as the will of the populace can be swept aside with little risk unless some extremely controversial and hardhitting law would result in a mass uprising . 
  autocratic regimes tend to look more to the longterm ( as a byproduct of ` vision ' , often born out of ideology ) and this * can * be a positive thing . 
  just look at china and how it continues to catch up on europe and the us , while the latter two - in particular europe - fail to develop a long-term vision on a myriad of topics . 
  the impotence of many democratic nations to rival for example china its quick decision making process will come back to bite us in the future . 
  all the criticism on autocratic regimes aside , they sure know how to organize their internal workings . 
  we should find a way to compromise democracy with efficient and quick decision making : that is the largest and most important obstacle for the coming decades . 
   but broadly , the big miscalculation is there : forgetting that given a choice between short-term appeasement of their own electorates and long-term thinking , most politicians will choose the former . 
  this . 
  we ca n't repeat this harsh truth too often : this shortcoming of democracy in general needs to be solved some way or another . 
  i completely understand the sentiment and share in the resentment . 
  it should be clear though that cutting greece away at risk of not getting all of what has been lended back , just to make a point , is a bit too irrational . 
  we would pay a multitude of what we were to loose at this point to insure the eurozone against similar ideas from other ` troubled ' countries , even though it is far from certain that for example spain ( which is not directly comparable to greece ) will come up with the same idea . 
  indeed , the greek government has mostly issued threats over the past few months and it is questionable to reward this behavior . 
  a decent agreement which reaffirms greece its obligations and commitment to reform - together with promised debt write off somewhere down the line ( so not immediatly ! ), 
  - seems the best method of damage control here . 
  the damage has been done : it can not be reversed . 
  would helping out and changing the nature of the relationship with greece amount to political suicide ? 
  possibly , but so far i am not sure . 
  over here , i expect rutte to survive due to the vvd its strict party discipline . 
  the vvd despite todays signals will vote in favor of such measures , expectedly using the same line of reasoning ( i.e. 
  minimalizing losses ) . 
  in exchange , greece will have to make some really hard promises and institutional oversight may be increased , next to other more impopular measures . 
  after all , a country without a fully functioning and effective system of taxation can not possibly survive drama like this . 
  for starters , observing the signals from paris over the last weekend . 
  france seems much more sympathethic towards greece than germany , and franco-german relations are rather strong . 
  it has been said before that any real change in europe can not come into existence without those entities in allignment . 
  now you could say : well , that does n't matter in this case . 
  both france and germany differ in opinion , so in other words nothing will change . 
  thing is that all nations involved can easily loose much more than the current sum of money lended to greece - and germany will not scuttle europe out of financial considerations in the end . 
  i am quite sure that the same applies for my country if put under pressure . 
  france is one of the few entities in the eu truly equal to germany in terms of influence : that 's why i believe the key lies with france , together with what has been said over the past weekend . 
  not surprised : if germany were to buckle , now is not the time . 
  compromises in europe are generally created when maximum strain has been reached . 
  that phase has not started and will not start for at least another week or a few weeks . 
  surprisingly , france might hold the key here ; it is reasonable to assume that only france can exert enough diplomatic pressure on germany to make it change its opinion . 
  i agree : pain must be inflicted as a warning nevertheless . 
  i can imagine european countries taking the time and wait a few weeks before they come up with some agreement , despite the immediatly need for ` salvation ' inside greece . 
  letting them default and make a deal afterwards may be some necessary circus to scare other entities across europe ( for example podemos ) that are planning the same move . 
  that would go against the idea of solidarity ( no , not the type tsipras has been crusading ) that exists in europe . 
  trade wars are a thing of the past for good reason , as all sides loose when partaking in it . 
  then there 's the issue of foreign property in greece which might be impounded as a result . 
  taking revenge on greece that way will drive this nation towards moscow which is the last thing that should happen . 
  it is all terribly complicated no matter how you turn it . 
  i wonder if varoufakis predicted this entire situation beforehand . 
  if so , the man is indeed a genious , albeit a very blunt one . 
  the current government is dead set on making a final deal to close this discussion once and for all . 
  asking for a further cut in the future will amount to diplomatic suicide , as there would be no need for it . 
  there is one now : even the imf last week confirmed what the vast majority of economists has been shouting around for so long ; the current greek state debt is unsustainable . 
  there is no point in reforming if it does not result in structural change . 
  the experts know what the right course of action is , which means that the childish political games of the past weeks must end . 
  reality will set in at some point : politicians can not forever deny what the right course of action is . 
  i do not like this probable debt write off one bit , but it is the reasonable course of action here . 
  it is a sour blow to greece its current creditors - including my country - but nothing said creditors can not shoulder . 
  fair enough . 
  the thing is whether that is the sane thing to do now . 
  i feel the best solution here is the one that costs the lending countries the least money . 
  we will surely find out what the correct answer is in the next weeks and months . 
  nope , you were n't  . 
  and you were probably correct , subconsciously . 
   once greece is on its own , the eu can start seizing greek goods abroad i thought about this , but would n't this work both ways in terms of risk ? 
  i imagine that european nations have quite a few assets in greece as well , that 's why . 
  it is difficult to say who is going to win as long as we do n't know which party got more to loose in such a situation . 
   and placing trade sanctions on greece until they pay what they owe . 
  they could , but i really wonder if that is going to happen . 
  trade wars are a thing of the past and ultimately negative to all parties involved . 
  brussels understand this as well and would not do it out of mere revenge . 
  whatever it is : the legal swamp of state bankruptcy will continue to plague greece for many years to come ( just look at the recent court case in argentina ) , but even then it might be preferable to the current situation . 
  i agree , but the bloated bureaucracy of which you are talking also happens to be by far the largest employer in greece . 
  there is no point in firing hundreds of thousands of people if there are no jobs for them in the private sector as of 2015 . 
  greece must push some very harsh reforms , but only when there is a reasonable goal in doing so . 
  there is no wisdom in having all those live from state aid ; the problem would not disappear , yet discontempt would increase at the same time . 
  also : such a move may ensure the economy tumbles down further , as it would also decrease private spending . 
  debt relief should be given as a promise , somewhere 3 to 5 years down the line , after a couple other rounds of major reform are completed . 
  as it stands now , greece can only leave if and only if it decides to do so by itself . 
  the current treaties give no exit mechanism for the eurozone , and only a voluntary exit mechanism regarding the eu . 
  whatever other eu member states would pull here would arguably result in defeat at the ecj . 
  the only option that remains , which france will probably block , is that all other member states pull out of the current eu simultaneously and at the same time create a legal copy of it - without greece as a member state . 
  all that fuss is not worth it . 
  indeed , and this is the second major problem . 
  although the situation in portugal and spain for example is not directly comparable to greece , there are many parallelles . 
  even after taking that into consideration , i think there is no point in letting greece break away and losing 100 % of what was lended to them . 
  i do not think that podemos for example got a point by default if it wants to crusade the same solution , as greece and spain for example are not directly comparable . 
  let one thing be clear : i ** do not ** cheerlead a debt write off , but at this point it may very well be unavoidable . 
  the damage has been done , and greece apparantly can not pull itself out of its current predicament . 
  as has been said so many times before : greece its economy is not competitive enough to carry this burden . 
  i think the imf its report pulled me over to the ` no ' side , how much i hate rewarding a nation that breaks its promises . 
  in the end though , the focus should be on rebuilding greece and not turning it into a financial protectorate . 
  knowing dijsselbloem and the party he belongs to , he will probably make a 180 degree turn .
