  if you want to justify a military attack on the basis of what anyone can do from anywhere in the world , then either you are n't very familiar with computers or you are simply reaching to defend the indefensible . 
  i do n't see how a sane and informed person would be ok with this . 
  i am rational , people who disagree with me are irrational . 
  a huge fallacy . 
  there is much to be said in favor of military action against the perpetrators of especially damaging hacks ( think of hacking weapon systems for example ) . 
  the fact that you * do not agree * with it does n't make the point less valid . 
  unless you want to deny that a well executed hack could inflict a lot of damage nowadays , to the point of sheer catastrophe . 
  would you do that ? 
  that 's something i 'm asking myself at this point . 
  / u/hillarysthroatphlegm ( sigh ... ) , do you really believe russia or the us will engage in widespread nuclear conflict with one another ? 
  do you also believe trump will pull out of syria , even though the usa got a strong interest in that corner of the planet ? 
  barack obama confirmed russia is interfering with us elections , backed by multiple state agencies . 
  ignoring that amounts to believing in conspiracy theories - and too bad for you - i do n't believe in unsubstantiated nonsense . 
  there 's also a good reason behind treating cyber attacks like regular attacks , as those attacks can nowadays cripple a countries abilities to defend itself if well executed . 
  you might consider that comment of hillary clinton ` hawky ' in that regard , but it does make a lot of sense . 
  cyber attacks are n't innocent , especially if they have widespread fall-out . 
   what people ? 
  since when ? 
  where this idea of a war between democrat-lead usa with russia even arose ? 
  in the kremlin run troll factory probably . 
  it 's no secret vladimir putin deeply dislikes hillary clinton , so there 's that . 
  we 'll finally be neighbours !, 
  guess who squatted / r/americanrefugees already . 
  if it actually happens , anyone can have it . 
  all leaders of strong countries play the game . 
  do n't think that trump will not enforce an aggressive foreign policy as well , especially if you 've watched his comments on the subject . 
  if trump or clinton comes into a power is of no consequence to what is going on in syria for example : the us got an interest there , iran got an interest there , russia got an interest there and so forth . 
  the person in power will highly unlikely change that . 
  also , ` warmongering aspirations against russia ' really needs some proof . 
  it sounds like utter nonsense . 
   i 've always dislike the aristocratic , and very distant way that the american system has been set up . 
  maybe i 'm a bit too short here , but this seems to be inherent to the size of the usa . 
  there will be a ( significant ) distance between elected representatives and the people no matter how you turn it , and the same criticism is uttered here as well ( those damn eurocrats in brussels ! ), 
  good the moderators made this topic . 
  the result of the us elections will have significant fallout in europe as well , which makes this of interest to europe as well . 
  funny thing is this continent has had its share of impredictable , nationalist and overall populist leaders . 
  the us has n't really in my view , which makes you wonder whether the lack of prior experience with such a leader ( read : trump ) might actually result in an unexpected victory . 
  the polls say the opposite , but lets wait and see . 
  the verdict seems to be mostly concerned with the personal situation of the girl in question , more or less ruling this is ` the better ' option . 
  it remains a controversial thing though , to put it mildly . 
  but no one can exclude it can work out for some people , although a huge dose of scepticism is well advised in these situations . 
  your lack of knowledge really is wanting : most european democracies have n't been democracies for that long . 
  a few centuries at most to be precise and some even much less than that . 
  no idea how you can speak about ` elected officials that have been proven to be nothing but competent and prescient over the last ~ 2000 years ' . 
  there were n't many ` elected ' officials according to modern standards in the middle ages , the roman empire , the renaissance , and so forth . 
  yes , elected officials can be flawed . 
  they often are . 
  but the people are * more flawed * because they know less , and that 's the argument . 
  you 'd do well to remember that . 
  democracy does not equal direct democracy . 
  thanks for the downvote by the way : i never do that with people i disagree with . 
  it shows how little you can stand the opinions of other people i guess , so there 's that . 
  democracy can be divided in direct - and indirect democracy . 
  the latter has worked , albeit with many problems . 
  the former is a dangerous form that should only be reserved for easy , clear cut decisions within the domain of knowledge of the average citizen . 
  what the people said is not relevant if the people have no idea what they 're saying . 
  unless you suggest we flip a coin , as that is just what the brexit referendum was . 
  this is your response ? 
  you know this pretty much invalidates everything you said before because of it , right ? 
  i mean , if you want to take in a position that 's fine and all , but at least try to defend it . 
  i 've given you a few valid arguments against this type of view on democracy and the least you could do is counter them . 
  saying ` wow ' more or less hands your opponent the victory , while destroying any meaningful discussion that might have followed out of it at the same time . 
  as for me : i used to be fully in favor of referendums until about two to three years ago . 
  when i grew older i more and more noticed how the ( vast ) majority of people seem to have rather limited knowledge about complicated issues , let alone * highly * complicated ones such as the eu . 
  it 's this experience with more and more people in society throughout the years that made me change my point of view . 
  maybe it 's important to acknowledge that from my side as well , as it makes it more easy to see why i left my pro-referendum position . 
   the people are never wrong !, 
  nonsense . 
  this is a position out of principle , yet no fact . 
  the people are often wrong , as it 's impossible to understand every facet of the complicated world we live in . 
  we like to say that the voter is always right , politicians being the first in line to say that , just because it 's an inherent part of the current system . 
  the truth is this : voters are easily influenced to whatever position on a subject they have little knowledge about . 
  you 'd be wise to remember that . 
  even if the majority is n't reasonable or even - as in the case of britain and just about every other nation on the planet - * easily influenced * ? 
  maybe with false promises even ? 
  let 's not echo the idiocy that democracy is some kind of perfect system : it got ** severe ** flaws , yet its flaws are the least outspoken compared to other systems . 
  but those flaws can have a strong , destabilizing effect with far reaching consequences , and we 'd be stupid to underestimate that . 
  the people often have no idea what they 're voting about , the people on reddit often have no clue what they 're talking about , neither do the two of us know everything . 
  we think we know it all , yet we know so little . 
  that 's why it 's best to not ask the people impossible questions outside the realm of their knowledge and leave the real answers to elected politicians . 
  mind you : those persons are far from perfect as well , but their judgement will at least be better thought through than the one given by the population at large . 
  it 's because of this mindset that my former pre-referendum me has ceased to exist a few years ago . 
  referendums are a dangerous tool that should preferably never be used . 
  fair enough . 
  i just figured that placing such a symbol of spanish rule in barcelona would be received much more poorly than say in madrid . 
  places where large scale atrocities happened indeed would qualify as ` worse ' locations . 
  by the way , was n't there also a ( small ) faction within spanish society that still more or less thinks back to those days with melancholy instead of contempt ? 
  here 's a [ guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/18/franco-statue-pelted-with-eggs-as-polarising-exhibition-opens-in-barcelona ) article talking about the reasons for placing it . 
  in short : it was placed there to start a dialogue about the history of spain , but the local authorities did n't take the feelings of local people into account . 
  a really stupid move to place a statue of spain 's former dictator into * barcelona of all places * if you ask me , which makes the results hardly surprising . 
  last night the statue was finally toppled and removed for good . 
  further [ reading ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2138861-beeld-van-franco-drie-dagen-belaagd-barcelona-is-er-klaar-mee.html ) ( nos article , dutch ) . 
  edit : more links to other sources ( english ) . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://en.apdnews.com/xin-hua/513471.html ) , [ 2 ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/10/21/inenglish/1477037089_399639.html ) ( el pais ) . 
  because one region does not equate italy probably . 
  truth be told i lack the levels of being ` special ' required to annoy myself about such a slight and unimportant detail . 
  this post is really underappreciated . 
  i always like to see this kind of stuff on / r/europe : thanks op !, 
  it really broadens ones horizon . 
  well , it is more or less necessary for the uk to lose during the negotiations , at the least slightly .
