  it was n't meant to be taken seriously like that . 
  indeed : let 's hope it stays a friendly sub for you to visit !, 
  yeah , i understand where you 're coming from . 
  i before also noticed him being a mod of that sub and i hoped it would n't be a cause for drama , but how mistaken that assumption turned out to be . 
  i do n't agree with the last part though : there are plenty of other mods that can keep him in line . 
  the sheer diversity of mods will ensure that the personal convictions of a single mod has little impact on this subreddit as a whole . 
   that 's not my argument at all and maybe some gun nuts who refer to the 2nd amendment of the us constitution would argue so . 
  for me it 's simply a matter of freedom . 
  alright , because it looked like it . 
  i 've encountered this at least once before on this subreddit , but good to hear you did n't mean it that way . 
   umm , well no . 
  do n't assume your personal perception is a given fact . 
  we can always disagree on stuff like this , but there are very few minimalist states left in the world . 
  if you look at europe alone , the majority of states are welfare states with extensive powers on many different fields . 
  this can not be denied , and true minimalist states may very well have become extinct . 
  i do not know the state structure of all the states in the world ( about 205-210 or so ) , but i 'd be surprised if any of them approaches the minimalist states of the past . 
   again , personal perception . 
  the job of the state is to provide security to it 's citizens and run issues that require central organisation at federal level . 
  also personal perception  . 
  a state has never been restricted to just that from the 20th century onwards . 
  again : the presence of many welfare states - at least in the western world - is proof to that . 
  one could say that the core business of a state is therefore way more extensive than just ensuring law and order and other basic things since that period . 
   but at a basic level . 
  in the end , everybody is responsible for any benefits that go above a basic level . 
  this is a bit curious , as you are basically referring to the welfare state ( hence the part ` above a basic level ' ) . 
  i do n't want to misportray your point of view , so i do want to ask if you favor some kind of welfare-state light . 
  it seems you are pointing in that direction so far . 
  well the latter is up to perception : in my view social cohesion has drastically decreased over the past 40 years due to ever increasing individualism in our respective societies . 
  i more often read and hear about people that do really fucked up stuff because they were a ` reject ' of that same society that does n't care about people anymore . 
  and it 's not only the media : i 've come across more and more of such people that no one seems to care about . 
  some of them can potentially do horrible things , and arming them should not be the priority of any sane government . 
  also , i 've always rejected this idea that a well armed citizen militia could stop a dictatorship that wants to oppress its own people : you can not win from the state and the resources it has its disposal . 
  sure , it will cost the state in the end but it is just ideological nonsense to assume that arming the population will result in a state that could never control the people . 
  that might have worked in the 18th and 19th century , but not in this era of seemingly neverending technological advancements . 
  the real battle is being won with checks and balances , not distribution of guns . 
  the minimalist state died a long time ago , thus the ` nanny ' state is to be accepted as a fact of life . 
  not to mention that the benefits easily outweigh the downsides if such a state is properly organised . 
  can you link a few examples ? 
  so , to summarize , all the fuss about fully automatic weapons is just a case of bad policy making ? 
  or is it one of those ideological lines in the sand that have little do with reality as well ? 
  quite curious : i would n't have expected semi-automatic weapons to be as lethal as fully automatic weapons . 
  the entire idea about automatic weapons is that one can discharge bullets at a much faster pace , thus it is not a stretch to assume the killing potential is indeed higher than in a semi-automatic weapon . 
  can we really trust in this ` yeah , it does n't work like that in practice ' verdict ? 
  i 'm open minded about stuff like this , but it really does n't seem to make much sense . 
  i can not shake the idea that someone that is well versed in using fully automatic weapons ( for example , an ak-47 ) is capable of killing people at a faster rate than say someone that uses a semi-automatic weapon . 
  but what 's the truth  ? 
  i understand where you are coming from , but at least it is a hurdle . 
  if that means that 1 in 10 fails in modifying their gun it would 've been worth it . 
  fully automatic weapons would be more useful than semi-automatic ones in the hands of trained people ( for example terrorists , though i hate drawing the terrorist card again ) , as their destructive power trumps that of semi-automatic rifles . 
  training matters a lot though . 
  still an impressive fleet , but thanks for adding this !, 
  are we discussing that ? 
  i only see an image about gun law in switzerland , nothing else . 
  and it 's pretty informative , even though i loathe the idea that citizens could have access to fully automatic firearms . 
  but in my view each dutchman could own semi-automatic firearms or handguns besides for the use of sports * if * strict requirements are met . 
  people that would cross the line would go to jail anyways : either with lax firearms laws or with strict ones . 
  indeed , and that is something that is n't really sane . 
  to trust each individual citizen without a criminal record with such weapons is beyond rational , especially in today 's day and age . 
  such weapons have the potential to kill dozens of people in the right hands , thus i never really understood why a normal citizen should even access to such heavy weaponry . 
  for its population sweden got a very decent navy + airforce . 
  a completely different world compared to the netherlands , where national defence has been prime victim for budget cuts since the end of the cold war . 
  only this year did the armed forces get some more money , but it 's more a tip compared to what they really need . 
  the link is just too vague . 
  if it were about syrian government policy about sending refugees to europe ( just making up an example ) there would be a stronger link . 
  there has to be at least a reasonable connection to european policy if the state concerning the news is outside of european borders . 
  i know : it 's arbitrary and it was a good post . 
  thanks for sharing it though : it gave me a good read . 
  they do ? 
  there are plenty of foreigners at work in japan : if you bring money with you and prove you can be financially independent the government of japan is n't really that much tougher than your average european government . 
  it is completely different when it comes down on asylum : japan is indeed very strict about that . 
  maybe that is what you meant with your general dislike of any and all foreigners in larger numbers ? 
  and lets not assume that japan itself is n't racist : this topic has popped a lot over the past few years , and there is some real racism within japanese society . 
  interesting post , yet i ask myself how this relates to the following :  2.6 content which does not fit with the ** theme ** of this subreddit and/or is not relevant here shall be removed ( e.g. 
  domestic us politics or economics in argentina ) i understand that the ` link ' here is asylum policy , yet it is too distant to directly relate to europe . 
  we should n't interpret that rule too lax . 
  really , really interesting to read about all of this . 
  thanks for the effort !, 
  i do have a question though it relates to austria 's history : your version of events seems to suggest denazification in austria was less rigorous as in germany , as the predecessor of the fp\u00d6 was able to compete in elections . 
  highly probably with some modified agenda that was more suiting to post war austria , but it is still a bit peculiar . 
  would you say that denazification in germany was more extreme than in austria ? 
  sorry for the harsh tone though : i did not mean to demotivate you or be degrading . 
  you might as well consider it a compliment as i had someone much older in mind . 
  it is just that the eu is a ` hot topic ' ( to say the least ) which is pretty popular in mainstream media . 
  there is a lot of unfounded rumors going around about the eu and how it operates and i wanted to challenge those ideas . 
  oh well , it 's not like multiple people did n't literally pull me apart that way when i was that age . 
  i guess it 's nothing you ca n't handle in the long run !, 
  also , the piece was well written , despite quite a few false premises which were promptly attacked by me . 
  to attack myself : the idea that the eu is entirely as democratic as member states is flawed as well , but that has more to do with scale than its own character . 
  i 'm quite sure that us congress is not extremely less democratic than say the eu : distance between the average voter and their government matters a lot . 
  this in turn has to do with total population as well as the widening ` gap ' between the people and their representatives . 
   this . 
  this is so stupid . 
  i just told you to be more nuanced and judge these issues individually , or at least coming to a conclusion that takes russian interests into account , and the first thing you say is `` aha , putin is your prophet ! '', 
  again : this is a strawman . 
  i did n't even remotely imply it : if you want to seek inspiration in that corner that is your personal prerogative . 
  i just remarked that it is a * bad idea * to do so , but no one obstructs you in that ultimate quest for truth . 
  to be precise , what follows is actually the same . 
  you just warp my position as some black and white point of view to attack is easier : that is the very definition of a strawman argument . 
  i believe i told you before that putin is n't literally hitler , yet you keep on rambling about it . 
  the reason why is beyond me though , but lets end it here : i do n't see us agreeing on anything this way .
