  people did n't get serious about changing weed laws in america until almost everyone was already smoking weed . 
  now it is n't a for sure way of getting head covering laws to change , but civil disobedience is a great place to start . 
  i have to say that i share in the frustration : it takes a damn long time ( way to long for my taste ) to change key areas of law - and it also erodes trust in democracy as well . 
  after all , we decided that elected politicians ( whether they 're competent or not ... ) are responsible for introducing new law and changing existing ones , yet they way too often horribly fail at that . 
  it is in that light that you might better aim your arrows for the people that make those horrible laws as well as the system that enables them to do so , as a lot of people seem rather passive towards the failures of present day democracy . 
  but even if all politicians would be perfect legislators , a great many people would still disagree with certain aspects of the law . 
  i 'm actually quite interested in natural law and would identify myself as mildly leaning to that side , but not to the point that the law can be cast aside in favor of my own goals . 
  but indeed , that results in me being ` trapped ' whenever i disagree with something that is punishable under code x , as i will obey the law even to the point that it goes against my own principles ( not as far as in your nazi germany example though ! ) . 
  you on the other side would rather break it in certain situations , which i ( maybe surprisingly ? ), 
  can completely respect . 
  it just boils down to order vs disorder - where i believe that selectively shopping in what part of the law to obey ( and what part to ignore ) will lead to chaos in the end . 
  with regard to iran : we just think wildly different than the people there and its rulers are n't interested in ` just laws ' that runs contrary to their interpretation of islam . 
  the laws there are in place for a reason - and what is morally * right * in our eyes is almost surely not morally right in theirs with respect to subjects like these . 
  therefore we have to be careful in how to act abroad : there 's an element of respect in play as well . 
  i firmly believe that the path to an unveiled iran ( for example ) will have to be paved by veiled women , as those that do not agree to be veiled will not be taken serious . 
   i 'm sorry there are to many lazy shit heads on this subreddit . 
  you turned out not to be one of them . 
  thank you : most people would just turn tail and not bother to reply . 
  good to know you 're not like that !, 
   holy shit , is there is no middle ground in your opinion ? 
  i never suggested westernizing iran . 
  there are certain things that we should n't put up with though . 
  i hope you would n't respect the laws of nazi germany and turn in your jewish neighbors . 
  not all laws should be respected . 
  we definitely need to respect their speed limit laws or other laws that do n't infringe on civil rights . 
  well , to be honest , you instead of me seemed extremely uncompromising here . 
  after all , what you are proposing is ignoring the law of the land while in iran . 
  imagine that some iranian guy would come to europe and oblige his female neighbour to cover her head : the world would be too small in that case !, 
  i think there is a fundamental misunderstanding at play here , as by respecting i mean ` going with it ' , as i already outlined above though . 
  ad nauseum : that does n't mean agreeing to it . 
  the law is the law , wherever the hell you are , no matter what you think of it . 
  and yes , laws that are inhumane or irrational ought to be changed , but that does not in any way reduce its binding power . 
  maybe i 'm thinking too much as a legal scholar here ( having studied jurisprudence , i 'm rather biased with regard to the status of ` law ' ) , but why should laws suddenly not be binding just because you do n't like them ? 
  also : that 's still a world apart from wanting to see the situation changed : you and me will likely almost completely agree on what should change in iran , yet we look at it from our own ethnocentric position . 
   i feel like i 'm talking to a bunch of high schoolers in this thread . 
  you guys ca n't understand that things are n't black and white . 
  this is a complete strawman and a lazy way to try and convince the other party - and i kindly ask you to forever refrain from this type of response again . 
  yours truly is certainly not a ` high schooler ' , far from stupid and probably actually more fit to decide what is right and wrong here out of my own profession . 
  you are basically arguing against law itself by denying the validity of my statement above , that being ` the law of the land has to be respected ' . 
  forgive me if i consider it to be * a bit * hypocritical if you completely deny that you at least want to partly westernize iran in that sense , as the law in iran apparantly got no binding power in your eyes ( with regard to topics like these ) * just because * you * disagree * with it out of your own worldview . 
   you live in a country where you can voice your opinion as much as you want and field massive protests without the army shooting at you but this is your idea of being democratic ? 
  it 's close to mob mentality kinds of justice . 
  in my eyes , this is the ultimate fate of direct democracy . 
  therefore i consider it to be a bad idea , that should be an exception to the rule at best and reserved for the most crucial of decisions . 
  good riddance . 
  may many other people in similar positions follow : they have lost all moral authority by engaging in such practices , if they had it in the first place already that is . 
  they effectively screw over every taxpayer by dodging the intent and goals of the systems of taxation they fall under . 
  well , at least his career is over - for good . 
  no , by silent diplomacy or moreover , by initiating the opposite policy as iran does ( banning scarfs ) . 
  iran makes it own laws , and we can not force our ways upon them , despite how backwards ` their ways ' are in practice . 
  unless you suggest that westernizing iran forcefully is a good idea ( guess how the current system came into place ... ) . 
  it has nothing to do with acceptance in short : i 'm only saying to respect the law of the country you 're in , no matter how ridiculous that law may be . 
  you do n't need to accept the merits of it , but just follow it . 
  to the benefit of causing damage , with the ultimate goal being the dismantlement of the eu in its current form ( i.e. 
  stripping it off all political aspects , and going back to a trade union ) . 
  their goal is surprisingly simple : just get in the way , and if you do it often enough results will follow - at least that 's how these people reason . 
  they just hate the eu and will use any means to convey that message . 
   not everything that is free , is good , socialist . 
  my god , you people are beyond amusing sometimes . 
  i just called your nonsense , and you ought to live with that . 
   if they choose to do so indeed , but the likely result is already that the answer to that will be negative . 
  the government is in no power to renegotiate the association treaty on anything besides marginal points , nor will it probably do so , judging from the signals d66 and the vvd have been giving so far . 
  they are talking about ` degrees of importance ' in terms of voter turnout - so that 's telling . 
   sorry for being democratic , * dictorate of brussel * . 
  the style of your comment pretty much confirms why this referendum is a bad idea , as it is being used for other goals than the association treaty . 
  it 's just being used as a vote of no confidence against brussels , while the same could be done via the ballot box during regular elections . 
  this just strikes me as using ukraine 's future as a means to annoy the eu , of course all well orchestrated by geenstijl.nl . 
  the latter entity which is , by the way , in [ financial trouble ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2096317-metro-weigert-column-over-oekraine-referendum.html ) for quite some time already , and mostly uses this referendum to show the rest of the country it still matters - in the hope tmg wo n't sell it after all . 
  not to mention that if the government would not sign the treaty , 70 % would still just go on ( as it belongs within the realm of exclusive competence of the eu ) . 
  this entire referendum is even extra silly because of that , but hordes of people still fall for the marketing trick of the most populist and immature media outlet in the netherlands . 
  http://www.thefreedictionary.com/natural\\  8 . 
  expected and accepted you 're welcome . 
  feel free to expand your own horizon in the meanwhile . 
  sorry for that !, 
  it 's different because you are on * foreign * soil , where different laws apply . 
  come on it is n't that difficult : we can condemn it all we want but in the end the law of the land has to be respected - no matter what you think of the merits of it . 
  the quote was a bit unfortunate : by saying ` because we made it like that ' i was referring to the drastically different situations between europe and iran : where you 're here free to do what you like - and whatever religious symbol you 'd like to wear is respected , the same does not apply to iran . 
  but we made the law like that , meaning we - at the least - elected the people that did so . 
   why must we comply ? 
  because we made it like that . 
  do n't get me wrong : i agree with the rest of your comment , but it 's only natural to respect the law of the country you 're travelling to . 
  maybe it 's time we engage in the same bigotry as iran as a response ( that being that all women must cover their head , no matter their religious affiliation ) - although that might be overreacted . 
  then again , for me the veil is still a sign of total oppression of women - so i could n't care less if it had to disappear in europe by law . 
  but that is certainly not going to happen given the legal obstacles against such a ban . 
  power corrupts : it has been proven once again . 
  it are times like these that makes me think the naive ideas of anarchism are n't that naive after all . 
  this is just another guy in a long list of people that ca n't handle power , nor are willing to take responsibility for their actions . 
  because we do n't build cases on emotion , but on solid proof . 
  not to mention that he could be immune ( do n't know ? ), 
  and that procedures need to be followed . 
  all these things require time , though dark clouds seem to be gathering over his head . 
  radical , but i guess that works as well !, 
   people that do n't turn out are not in favour . 
  the people that vote in favour are in favour . 
  though i agree to this , that does not mean i was wrong with describing ` yes ' as the status quo . 
  the second chamber as well as the first chamber have already approved of the association treaty : its effect is ` on hold ' pending the outcome of this referendum . 
  maybe it 's important to clear this up as well . 
   if the mainstream dutch parties ignore the electorate , eventually you will get the fringe parties in power . 
  agreed , and that 's why they should n't have embarked on opening referendums for just about every subject out there . 
  although we already seeing that the fringe is growing in power , especially on the right ( the pvv being the one mainstream example here ) .
