  and to be honest , inflicting fear can indeed be a working method to discipline minors . 
  it however should be the measure of the last resort , reserved for extreme cases . 
  needless to say , it should be very rare . 
  and when was that exactly a requirement ? 
  if so , all those long topics about national elections etc. 
  were ` not allowed * ' here ? 
  one of the best actors ever in my opinion . 
  he really appealed to young and old and the impression he left on people was unmatched . 
  the only thing more important to that impression might have been his one of a kind voice , which was truly unique . 
  rip christopher lee , old villain . 
  a life well lived . 
  [ got one !, 
  ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_de_vries ) ^ ^ . 
  edit : another one , who would 've [ known . 
  interesting , i always thought ` de vries ' was more used . 
  seems like i was wrong here . 
  to enlighten the context a bit : when i say ` any other country would not care ' , i am referring to my perceived lack of an equally emotional response by another country for something that happened 200 years in the past . 
  well , maybe save serbia or some other exclusive example in europe . 
  sorry for being not clear at that . 
  sure , you are completely right that the people of any given nation in europe are in varying degrees interested in their history . 
  it however gets weird when people get highly emotional about something that happened such a long time ago . 
  ouch . 
  good point . 
  really , this is the thing i never understood about france . 
  why the hell can some of you still be bothered by something that took place 200 years ago ? 
  who do you know from the period ? 
  how can you emotionally connect to it ? 
  are n't those feelings of misplaced nationalism rather self-serving ? 
  napoleon left a lasting legacy throughout europe . 
  he might have destroyed france in the end , but his code civil conquered a lot of legal systems out there in europe - and became the cornerstone of europe 's legal traditions for a long time . 
  that is something to be proud of , and if you really care that much about a defeat suffered 200 years ago , this little fact is more than enough to properly compensate for it . 
  any other country here would not care , that is the truth of the matter . 
  neither should you about something as trivial as a coin . 
  trivial , that is what it is . 
  guess which country is actively preventing/stalling serbia from entering the eu based on its track record . 
  the one in my flair . 
  i think that quite a few people down here know that serbia wants to join the eu in the long run , but its strengthened ties with russia might make that impossible . 
  as for the netherlands : in the past any further talks between serbia and the eu to ` the next level ' were blocked due to serbia not cooperating enough with the icty . 
  i am not saying whether i agree or disagree with it , but that is what happened on at least one occassion . 
   all this because we had nationalism and madness in the past of our country and no one want it anymore . 
  then how does this help ? 
  i mean : i completely accept and acknowledge your first hand information on the topic , but this type of report rather proves the opposite again . 
  i have great difficulty understanding why people have this overwhelming urge to go back in time , romanticize said person and come up with ideas about statues and other ways to revere their unsong heroes . 
  it feels like time that is being misspent for arguably little gain . 
  by the way , those words were directed at the serbian people , which indeed seem to be way more nationalistic than your average dutch , belgian of german guy . 
  it is not that hard to consider serbia ` close to the extreme ' when it comes down to comparing nationalism on this side of europe with the type over there . 
  did i ? 
  i ca n't recall me thinking that nor stating it anywhere . 
  i was just commenting - maybe a bit condescending - on serbian nationalism and its trivialities . 
  to be more direct : serbia got more important issues to fix instead of creating a statue for a guy that died more than a hundred years ago . 
  in short : live in the real world - in the here and now - and forget about the past for a change . 
  this is a good case example of the madness nationalism can lead to , including ill spending of funds . 
  then again , nationalism is one of the few things keeping serbia still together is n't it ? 
  edit : i did n't even comment on gavrilo princip , but apparantly quite a few people assume i did . 
  read below if you did n't understand it . 
  what happened to this topic ? 
  i believe that nuking of posts was considered ` not done ' after lengthy discussions about such practices ? 
  a short explanation would be nice . 
  the corruption problem can be avoided by establishing some good oversight mechanics and above all , by sending people instead of piles of cash . 
  legal mechanisms for oversight might be considered ` patronizing ' , but for the best if it ensures stabilization of sub-saharan africa in the coming 20-30 years . 
  african governments would do well by accepting such meddling into their internal affairs as it would stabilize economic growth in the mid and long term . 
  as long as there is a decent plan for once , instead of rather mindlessly throwing money at this place there will be a decent chance at salvation . 
  the thing is that a common border control system ( which i am not against by the way ) is not sufficient in combatting the problems africa is suffering from . 
  surely it will fight the symptoms , but the root causes will remain intact . 
  a common border control system needs to be implemented for europe its sake , but it will not be a longterm solution as well . 
  at the moment illegal immigration is our most important problem with regards to africa , but in time war at the outskirts of europe might become even more of a threat . 
  there seems to a change in that over the past years . 
  the strengthened eu mission in mediterrenean is further proof of increased willingness to operate under the eu its flag . 
  but i agree that europe lacks the military ambition and resources to project its power deep into africa , and until the crisis blows over it will also lack the necessary economic power to aid in stabilization . 
  but funding african campaigns set at reducing the number of children born is something we could do , with relatively little cost . 
  it will however require conquering cultural and religious obstacles to make contraceptives a common sight all across africa . 
  as long as there is a decent plan and sufficient funding it is far from certain that africa can not be stabilized . 
  also , i want to emphasize that it will be in our * best interest * to do so . 
  africa needs to learn to stand on its own legs for once . 
  i share your lack of hope on this topic , yet you were right to stipulate europe its responsibility here . 
  africa is in a way our backyard and we would do well to stabilize it by all possible means . 
  i think that will pay itself back in reduced immigration , better trade ties and so forth . 
  fertility rate per [ woman ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/countriesbyfertilityrate.svg/2000px-countriesbyfertilityrate.svg.png ) . 
  africa below the sahara will be condemned to eternal poverty if there wo n't be a major crackdown on this population boom . 
  question is how , as measures have to be ethically responsible . 
  whatever it is , africa will have to solve this problem first as countries with fast growing populations have been shown to be ( very ) unstable in history . 
  rough translation : * dutch turks have overwhelmingly voted for erdogan 's ak party . 
  nowhere else outside of turkey is the current president this popular , so it seems according to [ these figures ] ( http://secim.aa.com.tr/yurtdisieng.html ) by the turkish press . 
  * * the akp party received about 64 % of the popular vote among turks residing in the netherlands . 
  the three main opposition parties did not manage to get more than 10 percent of the vote each . 
  * what follows is a general description about the elections and the results in other nations . 
  apparantly the hdp turned out to be the largest in great britain , finland and sweden ( even though the link will give you the entire picture , as it became the largest in multiple countries ) . 
  i agree with most of it , save this part :  please do n't . 
  a dictatorship in turkey is survivable , a war with turkey is going to give us far greater problems . 
  i am certainly not asking for war with turkey . 
  but the turkish people itself should wage war with its current administration and unsaddle the current ruler . 
  in absence of such revolutionary will ( given erdogan his widespread support , which is a shame ) the only logical option that remains is the turkish military . 
  i know : coup d'etats are not generally liked , yet i consider it justified to prevent even more harm in the long run . 
  turkey will slither much further away if its current rulers get their way , and that is not advantageous for turkey itself , europe and nato . 
  a coup d'etat would be the lesser evil here - not as a ` fuck you ' towards democracy , but as a lesson to people that are stupid enough to vote for such leaders . 
  turkey is sadly one of those countries that proves the dangerous , self-destructive side of democratic systems of government . 
  it 's not the man alone : swarms of people vote for this ` strong man ' and unknowingly or even knowingly plunge their country in a dictatorship . 
  the underlying reasons for erdogan always managing to get so many votes is much more complicated and a serious societal problem of turkey . 
  if this were some other country i might have laughed at the irony of people democratically electing a dictator , yet there is way too much at stake here . 
  this guy needs to go , if necessary by force .
