  implementing democratic reform is a painful proces that takes many years , and one could ask himself if such fragile reforms can be expected to persist . 
  who wants to answer the question : was it worth it ? 
  i do n't even dare to try . 
  interesting . 
  i do have to give it to the dutch government : over the past 15-ish years we almost always managed to capture an important post or a post that turned out to be more powerful than expected . 
  less so for other countries in the eu , especially some of the larger ones . 
  indeed . 
  1830 was n't there in the beginning though . 
  madrid here being the analogy for spain - minus catalonia and basque country . 
  just stating : this example is a completely wrong interpretation of the right of self-determination , as well as a deplorable example . 
  it does not work that way , nor are millions of catalans the equivalent of a city . 
  what 's up with all these fake arguments some of you spanish are you using to keep these people inside the walls of madrid . 
  let them go if they want . 
  live and let live . 
  you do got me interested though , as the constitutional court has ruled on multiple occassions that a referendum/opinion poll/insert other method was ` illegal ' under the constitution . 
  unless my memory fails on me here , that does seem to suggest that the spanish constitution does not allow for separatism . 
  but enlighten me . 
  i 'm a dutch law student so maybe we are on the same page when it comes down to thinking . 
  i immediatly refer to my example elsewhere in this topic , where the netherlands basically took over the system of taxation imposed on us by nazi germany . 
  it kept working fine , even after the war devastated the country over here . 
  sure , there will be a lot of bumps on the way but it is not like you seem to suggest close to impossible to implement such a system on short notice . 
  the foundation of the system is already there , getting the money flowing should not take too much time . 
  5 years is gravely exaggerated , and strong political leadership will make a major difference when it comes down to implementation times . 
  maybe abn amro over here will be willing to play for state banker  . 
   again , 51 % of what population ? 
  51 % of the population of catalonia of course , which can be easily regionally defined . 
  not the population of the spanish peninsula of course , as one people can not decide over the other . 
  i would like to add that i prefer a 60 to 65 percent majority for these type of decisions . 
  if necessary , arbitrary borders should be drawn corresponding to the current borders of the autonomous region . 
   except that mob rule is not democracy not completely as my cynical comment seems to state , but it does share some characterics will mob rule . 
  of course pure mob rule would be anarchy , which is something else . 
  if we look at our present day political system , we notice that politicians tend to appease those groups that make the most noise and therefore ( in my eyes ) mob rule is at least partially in effect . 
  the system for taxation is already in place , as the regional level of the national system of taxation . 
  basically , catalonia would simply ( oversimplified , but this is what it comes down to ) need to set up a bank account and find a suitable bank that is willing to do business with the new catalonian state , if that situation were to take place of course . 
  there will be a transitional period with some money shortage , but i do n't expect it to last longer than 3 months if the catalonian government will be able to get access to capital markets . 
  you know , the dictatorship of the majority . 
  4 wolves and 1 lamb deciding on dinner . 
  mob rule . 
  also known as democracy . 
  that 's not how the majority of catalans apparantly look at it . 
  you are skirmishing with fake nationalism that does not exist in catalonia and i do consider that a faux pas . 
  the rest of spain got no moral say in the ` catalan cause ' and whether or not catalonia should secede or not . 
  the same goes for england with relation to scotland , and so on . 
  we do not decide over the spanish , nor do the spanish decide over the dutch . 
  the simple fact that every catalan holds a spanish passport does not mean you use this kind of bad reasoning . 
  that is very much so . 
  it all boils down to how much catalans are willing to pay for independence . 
  it will be interesting to see how this all develops . 
   if the central government decides to stop sending money back to the catalan government , the latter will run out of funds well before it can set up anything resembling a functioning tax collection . 
  copy pasting the current system in a provisional system is easy . 
  the trick is finding enough money to pay the bureaucracy for the transitional period , which might be less easy to solve . 
  if you are curious on whether or not this works : we basically copy pasted the german system of taxation after the liberation of the netherlands back in 1945 , and we did n't change it until somewhere in the sixties . 
  it worked like clockwork , even though there were other rulers . 
  ( to all the germans out there reading this : thanks for the system by the way . ), 
  it all hinges on the bureacracy . 
  if the bureaucracy manages to get its shit together and maintain a cohesive system of taxation , this part will be covered . 
  what i find more important are state pensions and other types of financial products which might go lost for catalans after many years of build up . 
  it was my understanding that more money has been flowing out of catalonia than back from madrid . 
  the consequences might be less extreme than you predict . 
  you took my tag seriously ? 
  interesting , as i placed it there to describe the average dutchman . 
  you however took it literally , which i find amusing to some extent , given how you even tried to ( badly ) paraphrase it . 
  also , what is up with your sense of humor ? 
  did it get amputated at birth or what , as you seem to be a highly sour type of guy . 
  i feel honored . 
  make sure that you stay above those major rivers , as i would regret it if people down here start scraping from all the way down their throat when pronouncing a simple ` g ' . 
  oh yea , and chauvinism ftw !, 
  do n't predict something that might become a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  there is no reason for such madness . 
  i do ask myself where this entire struggle will end , if it will end in the near future that is . 
  i foresee some kind of hard confrontation with the central government and at some point the central government might intervene with force . 
  question is , what will happen then ? 
  what if madrid sends the guardia civil to catalonia to ` maintain order ' ? 
  i sure hope that , contrary what is suggested elsewhere here , it will not result in violence . 
  violence makes people oblivious to reason and will therefore be a highly dangerous development in an already fragile partnership between catalonia and the rest of the country . 
  learn to take a joke man . 
  read my response above . 
  apparantly . 
  i just noticed it out and this was kind of unexpected ; seems like some people here are a bit too sensitive . 
  and indeed , it was a joke : i never fear to look up the boundaries of humor . 
  the sad people that pressed the downvote button lost morally though if they ca n't take such a thing  . 
  the french and white flags . 
  this is just too easy . 
  ah yes , that terrible creation by rem koolhaas . 
  he should stick to architecture if you ask me . 
  yet here we are . 
  what are the alternatives ? 
  beijing and moscow wo n't hand over their nuclear weapons on a plate , nor will islamabad or pyongyang . 
  as much as i would want nuclear weapons to disappear from the world , that situation will all remain a dream as of present . 
  also , about the 1983 incident : there have been conflicting reports about how close the world really was to nuclear war . 
  others say it could not have happened , although if it could have happened the described situation was very serious indeed . 
  i believe it can be taken for granted that governments nowadays do n't give one single person an effective red button when it comes down to systems like this . 
  sure , but that does n't make it less law . 
  the geneva conventions are considered customary law and therefore binding on every state , wherever located . 
  politics my friend ; leaders can be more devisive than the people they rule . 
  it is all really sad if you put it into perspective . 
  burnnnnnnnn . 
  they sure have . 
  it 's called the geneva conventions , just to name one eample of the rules of war . 
  read the conventions , especially with regard to neutrality , non-combatants and obligations regarding the protection of civilians .
