  i 'd rather see independent media than state owned entities that are being actively controlled and sent into the masses with a particular government sanctioned mission . 
  case in point : the government of poland suffered a crushing defeat with tusk his re-election ( and the country a win , by the way ) , yet it is being presented as a victory . 
  that is worrying . 
  by all objective standards , the polish government lost face . 
   dit : i 've seen so far like dozens of kicking women or pushing them down in malls or street . 
  once a time there was a compilation of that behavior available at ll , yt or even fb . 
  maybe you just do n't want to notice it cus ' it 's simpler . 
  in the netherlands , or where ? 
  link it . 
  because we highly probably would notice in this country . 
  hah , and that happened in germany !, 
  he should get his facts straight . 
  the comment above is n't based on what the liberal-leaning poles of reddit say . 
  it 's just another drop in the bucket of what i 've read so far : poland is going down the drain as a state of law . 
  combine that with government oversight with respect to the media ( at least , the public media ) and it 's truly getting scary and un-european . 
   aaand rather sad to witness when your womens are being pushed down the stairs by some asylum seekers from middle-east who you so willingly accept they are ? 
  also : there is no ` welcome culture ' here in the netherlands . 
  there has been massive public backlash against taking in asylum seekers , including ( sadly enough ) violent protests . 
  i 'm not also not in favor of bringing them in , in case you are interested . 
  this country is n't some germany v2 with respect to refugees . 
  damn , your country really is going down the drain it seems . 
  rather sad to witness . 
  oh my ... there 's a bot for everything these days . 
  how is pis taking this exactly ? 
  is there panic , outrage , amazement ? 
  also : did the polish government more or less campaign to prevent a compatriot being elected to one of the highest european offices ? 
  lastly : will this benefit the opposition ? 
  is the tide more or less turning for pis or this just nothing but a pipedream at this point ? 
  questions , questions !, 
  but let us not act as if it 's normal : that 's the main message here . 
  nearly no one expects turkey to change anytime soon : that 's as clear as rain . 
  that does n't take away the fact it is in really bad taste to behave in such an infantile manner when it comes down to diplomacy . 
  germany will probably shrug its shoulders as you say , but it remains a massive insult that will should have consequences in one way or another . 
  almost as great of a diplomat as donald j. trump . 
  if you think the bar ca n't be lowered even further , sit back and watch tayyip erdogan do the honours . 
  truth be told : if you want to insult germany , this is * the way * . 
  really , turkey deserves a better leader than this man . 
  but at the same time i know the ak party is rather popular over there , which makes you wonder . 
  good old star forts . 
  a truly beautiful picture indeed . 
  that 's a good list , though i personally prefer to rank the five above as 4 , 5 , 2 , 3 , 1 in terms of overall annoyance and impact on the site . 
  but yeah , you summed up most of the groups i despise on reddit , save maybe the gaming subreddits that regularly push useless content to / r/all as well . 
  they are polishing their blades at this very moment . 
  a katana that fails ? 
  this one is n't going to sit well with reddit . 
  i imagine the eindhoven region ( high tech campus and asml ) have upped the dutch average a lot . 
  about time : it truly was a step in the wrong direction . 
  ridiculous it took so long for the government to realize this was an idiotic move , though it is probably a tell about the ` interests ' that are at stake in the background . 
  the eu should increase its attention with regard to romania 's anti-corruption progress . 
  a watchful eye abroad might come in handy in this case . 
  sure , yet representation would at least represent the sentiment among the people , which is close to a 50/50 split . 
  as we know , the two major parties will make that 50/50 number difficult to reach in parliament . 
  but it 's not only that : a large minority of britons voted for the tories , yet the tories effectively control the nation under a winner takes all scheme . 
  that can hardly be called democratic in my view , no matter what the subject is we 're talking about . 
  long live fptp right ? 
  the * lesser * system of representation that funnels the votes into the two major blocks , leaving little room for other options . 
  ferrari will recover . 
  scuderia ferrari is one of the best and most significant formula 1 teams in all f1 history - and will find its way to the top again . 
  it 's destined to happen , yet the question is how long it will take . 
  he 'll take up his seat in the red car before his career ends , do n't you worry  . 
  the uk was and still is much more anti-eu than the netherlands have ever been . 
  i 'm not underestimating anything : just look at our own polls , including the percentage of people that want to leave . 
  there * is * support for the eu here , yet it is rather fragile . 
  ( also aimed at / u/490 ) : does it have to do with the top mod of / r/unitedkingdom ? 
  user britishenglishpolice is also the top mod or / r/politics , and that place is an echo chamber as well . 
  at this point i 'm starting to suspect some kind of davidreiss666 complex with that guy . 
  has he been caught up in drama in the past as well ? 
  i can vaguely remember something about it , but i 'm not sure . 
  dutchie here : not really . 
  complaining about the netherlands is national sport here , so that 's not the thing . 
  i think foreigners just see more dangers than native dutch with regard to this topic . 
  we 're not going to be leaving until a whole lot more happens . 
  popular support for the eu is still there as well , according to some polls over the past 12 months or so . 
  interesting . 
  a few things :  on the flip side , like you said , we too are ultimately biological machines that might one day be fully understand . 
  you better supplant ` might ' with ` will ' , and probably much sooner then we 'll expect . 
  of course we 're clearly still more or less at the beginning stages of peaking into the brain and its inner workings , but at this point its more or less a given we 'll find out how it all works before 2050 , if not much sooner than that . 
  assuming some major event does not come in between , for example war or some other reason for dramatic funding cuts . 
   a legal assumption is something we are n't really 100 % sure about but pretend to be as a matter of law . 
  free will is the age old example . 
  i bring this up because if we were to fully simulate a human brain in a way where we could n't destinguish it from a regular human , we would n't know that we created a unique , being . 
  quite the opposite . 
  since we know that it 's just a machine pretending , we would merely bring our own uniqueness in to question . 
  we would need to ask , are we too just pretending ? 
  do we also not meet our own criteria ? 
  that 's a bit part of the problem regarding consciousness : you only know for certain ** you ** are conscious . 
  you tend to give other people , including me , the benefit of the doubt we are . 
  you can not be sure . 
  after all , if that machine is merely pretending as you state , what would that make of us if that machine is modeled after the human brain ? 
  are we pretending as well in that case ? 
  or are you still ( un ) consciously drawing a line between biological and artificial components to make out whether something could be a person or not ? 
  in my view the latter view * is * flawed , yet i do want to know whether i 'm observing this correctly . 
  also , do you consider the doubt you described to be an uneasy thing ? 
  i 'm not judging here by the way : i just want to know . 
  i for one do not believe in concepts like ` the soul ' or something , beautiful as it sounds at first . 
   we know that we can simply save , load and copy a simulated brain . 
  we know it 's not special or unique and that turning it off and than back on does nothing in the way of harm , we simply ca n't consider it murder . 
  still , is it yet a machine if it can think independently and questions its own existence ? 
  this thing keeps coming back , and that point on wards it 's difficult to still talk about a mere ` machine ' : we 'll actually be closer to ` being ' in that case , and that being will be unique . 
  after all : its personality and knowledge will change on the basis of what it encounters , without a human tampering with the ai its code ( if even possible ! ) .
