  simply the entire * early * fetal stage as well as all of the embryonic stage . 
  i used this wording to emphasize that a growing fetus in the early stages can not be considered fully human by its phase of development . 
  a cold and rational comment , i 'll give you that , but still very true by fact . 
   removing humans is primitive interesting position . 
  when is something a human ? 
  directly after an egg gets conceived , or only after a period of time ? 
  you admit not being a believer of any religion , yet you do come up with the very catholic ( maybe by now cultural ? ), 
  point of view that a bag of genetic material can be considered a human . 
  that is a bit too absolutist for my taste . 
  let 's hope so . 
  sending an abortion courier to one of the last bastions of catholicism sounds pretty provocative . 
  i like it . 
  ** edit ** : oh come on , do n't be like that  . 
  after all , such basic rights should be guaranteed in any developed nation - and not only in situations of rape or some other exotic exceptions . 
  there really is nothing immoral about allowing a woman to abort a bag of genetic material within the first five or so months of pregnancy . 
  it is not like a foetus can survive somewhere before 22 weeks of pregnancy . 
  the neural network facilitating survival is simply not done by that time . 
  i understand that people can get all emotional and think a foetus that is candidate for abortion is a human being with thoughts of its own - and that can feel certain emotions , etc - but that really is not how it works in reality . 
  good point , yet as head of state you are even in modern times supposed to be a non divisive figure . 
  picking ` sides ' will likely undermine popular support for the monarch in question and that can not be considered a healthy thing for any monarchy . 
  you can still walk a fine line as a monarch while staying away from any political statements . 
  to be precise : giving your opinion on europe as a monarch - while your own people are deeply divided and are having an emotional if not irrational debate about it - drives a wedge in the nation . 
  we will not see 19th century turmoil because of it , but public debate will be influenced * by it * . 
  it simply comes across as a bad idea . 
  to add to this : i believe cameron his point of view can be summarized as ` yes , but ... ' . 
  the reservation here is his desire to ` renegotiate ' the uk its position in the eu , even to the point of downright impossible things like trying to make one of the freedoms from the treaties ( partially ) not apply in the uk . 
  if he does n't get what he want , the uk gov might as well turn around and go for a ` no ' in that case . 
  of course they did , yet the question is whether it is acceptable . 
  apparantly the uk abides to some different standards than belgium or the netherlands for example . 
  there really is no way in hell that our king could give such a statement : it would cast our democracy into a deep crisis . 
  the arrangement is immunity in exchange for nearly non-existent freedom of speech with regard to political matters . 
  i will refer to mrhahahaaa his splendid explanation first : i think he properly explained most of it . 
  you do have to understand that taxation remains a vital field of law that in the end belongs to the member states : the eu has very little say in taxation matters . 
  the us adheres to the nationality principle of taxation if i 'm not mistaken , while in the eu the place where you live mostly * decides to which country you pay taxes ( the so called residence principle ) . 
  the netherlands for example got an extensive treaty network ( in excess of a hundred treaties if i 'm not mistaken ... ) to prevent double taxation . 
  * there are exceptions , but this is the main rule . 
  reform . 
  the trouble is that reform is very painful , especially in the case of greece . 
  reform means asking certain groups of people within the populace , or the entire populace , to give up some of their ( financial ) rights in order to get state finances right again . 
  it is very transparant : tsipras will not be able to keep the pensions at the same level if greece were to default , which makes the pension argument ( used by tsipras ) rather weak . 
  i think syriza has to be honest to the people now and say that they promised too much and want to actually start solving the problems that plague greece . 
  whatever turn syriza takes , it will no longer be possible for this party to avoid hard choices . 
  austerity will continue no matter what happens . 
  if the money that such measures create is being spent on solving greece its structural problems then there is no problem at all . 
  i know it is . 
  i live close to the border ( about 1 km away ) so i have had my share of flemish ideas about wallonia . 
  and most of it is simply true , including what you just said  . 
  maybe the golden rule there is to post every comment in at least 2 languages lol . 
  to - in a way - reflect on the impossibilities of modern day belgium ^ ^ . 
  / r/thenetherlands is also rather leftwing . 
  that is what i meant ... not some lame one year or once in a time bonus . 
  just the whole package . 
  come on people , breed !, 
  no but really , since having children has become an expensive hobby nowadays this is hardly surprising . 
  more state benefits for people that decide to have 2 to 4 children i 'd say . 
  quick overview of the most important things lagarde said :  the institutions have created a proposal that is a clear easing . 
  and we are waiting ... 
  it can not be about smoke and mirrors , it have to be tangible proposals that can be substitution to proposals that have been put but from our perspective it has to be credible - because the imf lends the money of 188 countries . 
  and we are accountable to those countries , from the poorest to the richest . 
   any program has to answer 4 key principles :  - there has to sustainbility of the debt - there has to be deliverabilty of the measures - there has to be financing of the program - flexibility of the institutions  clearly , the less the adjustment , the more the financing . 
  everything is about give and take . 
  we are waiting and hope the next few days will be used by the greek authorities will be used to come up with tangible proposals . 
  edit :  we can only come to a resolution if there is a dialogue . 
  at the moment we 're short of dialogue . 
  always the merchant . 
  i have some trouble with this : are you suggesting that the ecb at any point in its history was under stringent control of other european institutions ? 
  because that goes against its very model , which is an independent central bank . 
  whatever faults the ecb made , they are the ecb 's alone . 
  or are you referring to any previous lack of powers of the ecb ? 
  i 'm curious here . 
  i can already see general tsipras dramatically dying , after committing suicide with the golden heckler & koch pistol merkel gave to him . 
  that would make the tragedy complete . 
  indeed , yet not perfect . 
  and by saying so you also assume that people are the perfect decision making machines . 
  both of us know that is not true , but accept is as a facet of democracy . 
  campaigning often benefits the larger parties , which have larger reserves to pull a decisive campaign . 
  most people that vote get swayed somewhere in a few days before the elections or as late as election day , and only a minority of people actually read party programs . 
  those parties with a well oiled campaign machine and the necessary funds - i.e. 
  almost always the larger parties - can with it perpetuate their power . 
  but i think some solutions might be in place here , and i thought of a few here on the spot : - a total ban on campaigning ; - a ban on polling ; - a reasonable voting threshold ( i think germany 's is ok by the way ) ; - harsh legal measures against those that incentivize people to vote ` strategically ' . 
  in practice this will mostly mean the media ; - add government issued instructions about where to find party programs , preferably on the same government website . 
  let people make their own choices and above all : let them find out what * they * really believe in . 
  i for one highly doubt the results of elections would be the same then . 
  research has shown all too often that people vote on parties to which they even disagree with , unknowingly that is . 
  in case it is necessary to make clear : i do vote on one of the traditional parties ( mostly ) , but have noticed their arrogance in casting aside promises ( they 'll stay in power anyways ) and the dubious role the media play in elections . 
  this was particularly noticable during the british elections , that were a disgrace if you take into account the propaganda of british tabloids . 
  wow , wow , is that how people read it ? 
  i should really crank up my english then , as that explains the myriad of downvotes on my comment . 
  i did not - i repeat did not - claim that the german system is not representative , because it factually is ( no one can get around that fact ) . 
  my main concern is that the groundwork for oligarchy is being created in germany , and germany is not alone in this . 
  i would consider it a healthy sign if ` vested ' parties disappear after a few dozen years in exchange for new ones , to ensure some well needed competition . 
  i often think about why so few people notice that they are being ruled by the same entities year in , year out and never ask themselves the question : ` is this the right thing ? ' . 
  a democracy that presents you with a few limited choices in practice is not really a democracy for my taste . 
  in short , equal representation ( not overrepresentation ) - but a clear ` no ' to hereditary political power . 
  in the old days the aristocracy held the reigns of power , nowadays political parties show some characteristics of that ruling class as well . 
  we just need to recognize that and be aware of it , that is all . 
  5 percent as well in germany . 
  here in the netherlands it is ridiculously low at 0,67 percent , or about 40.000 votes ( give or take ) . 
  indeed , the people perpetuate that problem but then again ` the people ' is easily influenced . 
  strategic voting - how foolish that might be - is something a lot of voters do and that prevents change as well .
