  read a good book about the eu and then come to me - before this entire thing devolves further into an unconstructive argument . 
   if it 's their culture to blow shit up then we must respect it . 
  if it 's their culture to beat their wives we must respect it . 
  if it 's their culture to be homophobs we must respect it . 
  indeed . 
  i 'm getting rather sick of all the exaggeration and the victim role said people tend to take in . 
  especially the first two things are utter nonsense : he 'll have a hard time meeting any european person that maintains such standards , unless the persons in question would out of their own political ideas condone the beating of women or blowing shit up to prove a point . 
  those people are - to put it euphemistically - * a bit * low in number . 
  ** edit : ** wow , this gets downvoted ? 
  it is telling about the state of / r/europe nowadays if people actually believe that this guy actually was right . 
  nobody is telling you to respect suicide bombings . 
  maybe you should read a few more newspapers , as that is n't the vibe here . 
  and i can guarantee you that the same does apply for the uk for example . 
  many people understand that the hungarian government was fed up with the constant flow of migrants through their country : there is no need to address the point so antagonistically . 
  well to be frank i missed the accusations of ` fascism ' , save the extremely misplaced comment by the austrian chancellor . 
  overall there is quite a bit of understanding for hungary among the dutch people i 've spoken too : almost no one seems to be in any way judgemental towards it . 
  the quota mostly sees to those migrants/refugees that are already in europe : these people need to be taken care off as they 're here . 
  completely locking down europe is step one , yet the people that are already here need to be given shelter and put through the proper procedures . 
  as the problem has become a european problem due to the sheer numbers , quotas are a logical result . 
  i understand that the entire thing is impopular in eastern europe , but the numbers are so slim that it would n't even leave an impact on those nations . 
  it 's not like allowing a few muslims ( as that is what the fuss is mostly about it , let 's be completely honest here ! ), 
  entry into say poland will turn poland into some kind of islamic country . 
   i ca n't think of a single thing that you actually want brussels to do here ... 
  i know  . 
  indeed , and we agree on that matter more than you would have expected . 
  by the way : this particular situation requires unanimity ( out of circumstance ) , so if the uk would 've been a regular member it could still refuse . 
  i 'll not comment on the use of ` scheme ' and the implied naivity of the professional parties involved : this is just a matter of opinion . 
  indeed : until 2017 or so ( whether it is until the first of january or some other month i do n't know ) nations can ask for the nice rules to still apply . 
  the treaty of nice - contrary to the lisbon treaty - had way more subjects which required unanimity in voting , thus in this particular case unanimity is required . 
  this also once again confirms why there is so much of a fuss about it on the european level : otherwise all those nations in the east would likely just get overvoted . 
  was it a european decision then ? 
  did the eu have a say in this ? 
  did it get involved ? 
  those are some pretty important question to determine whether germany screwed over other nations on the european plane , or simply engaged in a bilateral agreement with russia . 
  at this point the comparison seems false , more like a bitter attack for doing business with another nation - even if it is russia . 
  the entire refugee/migrant discussion is already on the european plain and at that point leaders must show some willingness to negotiate . 
  even if that means fighting over crumbs . 
  the same as before applies : the eu is a game of taking and giving . 
  in this case countries in eastern europe will be forced to give , and the same applies to other nations in western europe . 
   find that beneath the surface they prefer technocracy to democracy ... 
  i do , although a more precise way to describe my ideal system would be ` meritocracy ' . 
  few people in the netherlands share the extent of my hatred towards career politicians , and i hold those people directly responsibly for poor decisions in the past . 
  i 'd rather see a general as minister of defense , a former doctor as minister of public health , a highly qualified lawyer or hoge raad judge as a minister of justice , etc. 
  you get the picture : i 'd like to see that those that rule are actually competent to rule out of their own experience and credentials , and not due to party connections . 
  and few europhiles are undemocratic in my experience , as they often blatter about democracy as an oh-so-perfect solution to everything . 
  they see europe as the epitome of democracy , where the representatives of the peoples from different nations come to some kind of common solution . 
   i do n't know whether it is because of our electoral system or the adversarial westminster parliamentary system , or the uk 's weird constitution , but we certainly end up with an interesting house of commons with full and frank and vigous debates , which in my mind leads to better governance . 
  why would we remove power from there and put it somewhere else , somewhere further away and with less colour and life and personality ? 
  to me this just can not be sensible . 
  this is understandable , although you have to remind that the uk itself is not perfect . 
  i for one am still waiting for the day brussels tightens the noose ( figuratively speaking ) around the guys in the city that partially caused the crisis of the past few years . 
  the uk will never do it by itself : there is too much of an internal lobby to make it happen . 
  the thing is that we are talking about something that has already happened : the treaties are already there . 
  the `` van gend and loos '' verdict from i believe the early sixties already decided that the eu has created a whole new legal order ( this was 50 years ago ! ) . 
  there is no talk of further removal of powers : the treaties are pretty specific in what the eu can do - and moreover - when it should back off . 
  i understand the argument that the more centralised the eu becomes the less direct representation there will be . 
  even still the member states have much influence as a whole , and the monster you fear will not be there until most states agree on creating it !, 
  and how were those other nations exactly damaged in the process ? 
  i am fully aware of how the russian government has used the flow of gas as a diplomatic tool in the past , but there is no way in hell that parts of europe will ever run out of gas again ( as happened in the past ) . 
  the eu itself has taken measures to ensure that does not happen again . 
  i agree , and therefore greece and italy have a lot of responsibility . 
  both nations known this , and we in turn both know that both nations can not handle the flow . 
  greece especially , which is virtually bankrupt . 
  at that point it became a european problem , as a few nations are tasked with upholding the borders of the schengen region * and * registering the hundreds of thousands that flood their lands on a yearly basis . 
  it is in everyone 's best interest that the greek and italian state receive proper financial support to make this possible . 
  please elaborate on this issue , especially on how you perceived how it worked out . 
  again : these are the agreements we made on a european level . 
  even if there are say 30 decisions which you do not agree with , there will likely be another 70 which you actually consider beneficial . 
  at the moment 90 percent of those decisions would have a highly negative impact , a nation could consider using the clause in the treaty on the european union and leave the union . 
  and about democracy : well , we have a tradition with weak and incompetent leaders . 
  it is not that hard to turn to europe to compensate for their flaws , nor is democracy a perfect system in the first place . 
  for me it more and more equals delayed and incomplete - or even incorrect - decision making , thus a few more technocratic elements among those that make the law ( whether eu law or national law ) is welcomed by me . 
  maybe a bit hard to understand from the perspective of an englishman - as the house of commons seems to count quite a few strong and competent leaders - but over here it is very different . 
  the cynicism among voters which i get confronted with each and every day has in a few generations time the potential to kill democracy . 
  people are just fed up with how the system works , and i 've met some that openly long for a far more autocratic system just to get rid of all the fuss . 
  really : i am not joking about that . 
  an example is e.g. 
  net neutrality . 
  the netherlands finds itself alone on the subject together with germany . 
  i can look up a few more later today when i got a bit more time on my hands . 
  in each case : national net neutrality will have to give way to the eu its interpretation of it - if even existing . 
  again : you take and you give . 
  i do n't like the strategy by germany , but i * understand * it . 
  solidarity from eastern europe was nowhere to be found the last weeks on this subject and apparantly the heavy guns are being pulled out now . 
  i dare to say that many eastern european nations violated core principles of the treaties by their own uncompromising attitude , as they seemed unwilling to even show solidarity with other nations . 
  i did not mean to be degrading towards you or something about the tyranny of the majority , but it * is * how decision making takes place in a democracy . 
  we both know this , so why make a big fuss out of it ? 
   what disadvantages has the netherlands had ? 
  oh come on trucidator : this list goes on and on and on . 
  there has been a lot of upheavel about the netherlands not getting its way in the council over the past years , but in the end everyone closed ranks ( save the pvv ) and accepted that this is how europe works . 
  the eu will always have disadvantages , and you know it : qmv will ensure that policy your nation does not agree to will be pushed through anyways . 
  the uk has noticed this when it needed to pay back brussels some time back ( when cameron presented the sum in particular as a ` victory ' - after failed negotiations ) . 
  even now , the uk has noticed that there is little support in mainland europe for its attempt at renegotiation the uk its position within europe . 
  i think it is reasonable to say that the uk is pretty aware of it by now . 
  exactly . 
  that is all there is to it - and nations that disagree are still compelled to execute the law . 
  whether that is eu law or national law is of less importance . 
  the bottom line is that we made some intergovernmental agreements on how the eu should function and how decision making comes into existence on the european plain . 
  each country needs to abide to it - and if they do n't want to - they should be taken to the ecj and ordered to pay damages . 
  / u/timaeger reminds you of the majority rule .
