  a lack of respect towards foreigners in general however is not really known to me , but of course i can not speak for all dutch people . 
  it 's nothing i have ever noticed before , although immigrants here can be treated disrespectfully by some people though . 
  but as said by other people , that goes both ways . 
  i ca n't say that you are n't right anywhere here , but there are some things i like to add :  and yes western people can not understand that one bit . 
  they finance revolution , insult culture or send their foreign ministers to lecture people . 
  once again : western people do not do that . 
  i do not hold the israeli 's directly responsible for the serious mishaps of the israeli government , nor do i blame the average russian for putin his politics . 
  governments do this , not the people standing behind them . 
  with respect to the foreign minister thing : maybe you are referring to ukraine here and the maidan protests of the past , where western ministers talked with some of the protestors . 
  maybe that was not commendable in terms of diplomacy , but they were free to do so . 
  i think the west still got a lot to learn from certain east asian countries , so maybe surprisingly for you , i see a lot of development potential for ` western ' culture vague as that entity might be . 
  however , what you are describiding as well is the eternal difference between an individualistic and collectivistic society . 
  both can not be completely reconciled with one another , although both can approach the other to some extent . 
  take japan for example : japan has been sharply influenced by western culture , while still maintaining its own . 
  there are arguments to be made in saying that japan is no longer a ` true ' asian country , and more of a hybrid between the west and east asian traditions . 
   that is a sharp contrast with democratic nations like japan and korea . 
  you will never heard them talk about human rights . 
  there seems to be some allegation going on about an apparant lack of democracy here and human rights as an excuse for certain practices you do not further discuss . 
  i do would want to know what you are truly referring to here . 
   your economy is going down and thanks god you are losing power and influence . 
  way too romantic of a story : at its best the western economy lost a small percentage of its size , while starting to recover again . 
  maybe europe for example will enter a type of ` japan ' scenario for the next 20 years , but it will not destroy its influence . 
  if there is anything to be said about western influence in the world , is that it is rather growing with the rise of the eu and america 's reconciliatory politics towards some of its old enemies . 
  whether you * want * to see waning influence in the light of certain ideological situations is something else . 
  china is without any doubt building its own sphere of influence ( shall we call it the china sphere ? ), 
  and seems to be actually sabotaging russia it 's power and influence in central asia by offering financially attractive partnerships with nations in the region . 
  if there is any major power that is losing its influence right now , that would be the russian federation . 
   i always tell them that they should strive to build their own countries they should not feel the humiliation of being in a foreign land and bowing , they should use that humilation to growth on their own . 
  something i can rather not respect , but that is your own opinion on the matter . 
  immigrants - or more precisely simply citizens of any given nation here - are actively encouraged to embrace the national traditions of their current * home * and to let go of part if not the entirety of their old identity . 
  there is no humiliation to be recognized in being able to build a better life for yourself - a life that will probably be vastly preferable to the current situation . 
   nobody is jealous far from that everyone is just fed up . 
  you just can feel it when you travel enough a little bit . 
  jealousy * can * be a motive , but as i said , there are mostly other reasons present . 
  and to be frank : rational reasons seem to form a distinguished minority among all the criticism of the west . 
  most of the criticism , or hate to precise , is motivated ideologically . 
  i guess we both know the famous ` raised finger ' , which will in a matter of fifty years maybe be on the same level as the former nazi salute . 
   yes asians nations are better than the west on everypoint ( social to economic ) they still have their authoritarian manners . 
  i am not even going into much detail on this : ` better on every point ' is definitely not cutting it , even though we still have a lot to learn from asian nations . 
  i however will not hide that the reverse applies as well . 
  and no , the ` reverse ' does not mean morally depraved ideas , as you seem to consider western culture to be rather beast like in nature . 
   the least corrupt country on earth is a one party system ( singapore ) . 
  really , really shocking that you consider singapore an example politically . 
  a country that if i am not mistaken still issues corporal punishment as a regular sentence and fines even rational behavior . 
  a case can be made about saying that singapore knows little freedom * because * of its system . 
  if you really want to know : i admit the shortcomings of democracy and have no trouble doing so . 
  however , to sacrifice ways for the people to express themselves in favor of zero corruption is simply * not * worth it . 
  you must be really preoccupied with that topic to consider it more important than freedom of choice . 
  also , what kind of kills off this argument : china knows a one party system as well , yet suffers under ( maybe even rampant ) corruption . 
   it is sad the west do not study them or literally take the most nuts as paragon of virtue . 
  that might be pushing it a little , although more attention tends to go out to thinkers that publish in english and are a resident of the anglosphere . 
  that is problem scientists in my country have to deal with as well , but can still easily be overcome . 
  i can tell you that scientists over here , especially in the social studies , study all material - especially the opinions of authoritative asian thinkers . 
   of course ; no one likes the west ; not even the developed non-western nations ; but i am only saying what everyone feels ; westerners are self-centered , self-satisfied , entitled , narcissistic , bloodthirsty , reprobate bastards . 
  indeed , i guess we ` all ' are like that , just fitting to your stereotype . 
  then again , maybe the universal shortcomings of mankind - which are surely not limited to the developed world - are simply more easily exposed in the presence of wealth and stability . 
  rip on the west all you want , but every human can flourish in the west . 
  that is something many countries in the middle-east and south-east asia for example still have to prove , as goes for most of africa and some parts of south-america . 
  if you by self centered mean individualistic , then the answer is yes . 
  if you by self-satisfied mean self-confident , by entitled mean well-informed , by narcisstic mean assertive , by bloodthirsty mean some western government leaders instead of the people here in general and by reprobate actually mean free thinker , then i guess you are correct . 
  but really , considering everything you said : maybe huntington was right . 
  for years i have been thinking that certain cultural differences out there in the world - sometimes fed by hate and jealousy , but mostly caused by other underlying reasons - can not be bridged anytime soon if ever . 
  if i look upon your view of the west , which is clearly drenched in ideological considerations instead of truthful observations , then we might indeed do best to maintain the status quo . 
  close the borders and make sure that such ideas can not breed within europe for example . 
  if you by ` sick values ' are referring to my desire to see a functioning , true state of law in turkey , the rule of law , independence of judicial insitutions and the overall need of the current government to back down towards journalists , then i do n't quite follow . 
  turkey was an example of a secular , islamic country . 
  i still believe it is an example , but that situation will not last for much longer if erdogan manages to stay in power for another five to ten years . 
  if bloodshed is required to end the dictatorship that is in the making on the outskirts of europe , then so be it . 
  you sure seem an impressive erdogan loyalist . 
  the way you think pretty much fits my picture of the average erdogan supporter , so no surprises here . 
  as for me , i am still biding my time until the military unfucks turkey and change it from the travesty it has become under the dictator you oh-so desire . 
  this situation will not go on forever , nor is the shift away from secular values that turkey is experiencing nowadays in any ways positive . 
  people have and probably will always remain susceptible to charismatic leadership . 
  whether it is julius caesar or vladimir putin : it makes no difference , people will follow the leader they believe in nevertheless . 
  combined with nationalism charismatic leaders tend to reach their greatest potential . 
  as fucking ** always ** when there is something special to see in the skies here . 
  best meteor shower in years ? 
  clouds . 
  lunar eclipse ? 
  too bad : have some more clouds . 
  i love my country and its people , but sometimes the weather makes me consider relocating to some other place . 
  behold , the dangers of charismatic leadership . 
  but i understand it though : such a person can leave a strong impression on others . 
  do n't worry : we will just assimilate you into our collective . 
  a direct quote from the same article . 
  roemer and kox are arguing against the intention * behind * zijlstra his proposal , not the proposal itself . 
  that is a difference . 
  but well , have a nice day . 
  you might not have enjoyed responding here , but i considered it worthwhile in the end . 
  well , at least my guess is correct : you almost never hear voters of moderate parties fanatically talking about ` corporatism ' and ` imperialism ' , so it was a safe bet . 
  thanks for being honest : i actually expected you to either not answer the question or lie about it . 
  although i would like to remind you of this :  but forgive for admitting to the crime of voting for the vvd : apparantly that makes every argument against the senate directly influenced by party politics . 
  to which you , ironically a member/voter of the sp - the party that is very much in favor of abolition of the senate - reply :  yes , it does , and that 's exactly what it is . 
  followed up by :  they 've always been odious , undemocratic , corporatist little brownshirts , but when they start fondling the senate , it 's this far , no further . 
  i wonder , does this go for the sp as well according to the same logic ? 
  whatever it might be , you seem to be maintaining some double standards here . 
  you may think what you wish , as long as you do n't shove it down someone else 's throat . 
  truth is a vague thing that seems to be impossible to reveal in politics , which keeps me rather open minded to the alternatives out there . 
  everything that ends on ' - ism ' is a no-go to me : maybe you will share that same point of view with me someday . 
  until then , oh well , nevermind .
