  a dove , and moreover , only a backwards idealist can believe what you just placed on this subreddit . 
  we put them nowhere : ` they ' - as much as i hate the we/them trap - did that themselves . 
  moreover : if the spatial policy here would 've been up to standards in the 70 's , 80 's , 90 's , 00 's and even 10 's the government would have ensured that every newcomer was spread out to another corner of the nation to stimulate the integration into society . 
  but what did we do ? 
  we allowed these people to flock together , build their own parallel societies and maintain their own culture above the domestic , dominant culture we know here . 
  we allowed it , that is all . 
  but this aversion towards western values and culture in general , * that they did to themselves * . 
  if you want to deny that it is best to return to the safety of your dreamworld . 
  they were born here , in europe . 
  can you imagine it ? 
  yes you can , so can i , but this is so extremely sad to watch . 
  this is the direct result of a lax integration policy , that much i will emphasize again . 
  another sad landmark . 
  not much more can be said about it . 
   again , that is no excuse for the atrocities committed by the red army but it could serve as an explanation . 
  i agree , although i 'd like to add that ` explanation ' here will never equal ` justification ' . 
  just like german ww2 war crimes will never be justified out of the ` befehl ist befehl ' doctrine . 
  i fully understand that the atrocities carried out by the wehrmacht fueled this behavior , but every individual soldier that committed these crimes should 've known better . 
  the same goes for their commanders . 
  sure they do . 
  but the bad shit on the russian side was * way * worse . 
  let us not forgot that little fact and downplay the mass atrocities committed by the red army . 
  the army that raped and pillaged its way deep into europe . 
  in that sense they were little better than the wehrmacht , if not worse . 
  was that denied ? 
  also a few more questions : - how do the number of rapes committed by allied personnel relate to the number of rapes committed by russian soldiers ? 
  - was it an institutional practice in the allied forces , compared to the red army ? 
  - how were the perpetrators punished on the allied side and how did it go on the russian side ? 
  just a bit more perspective . 
  it would basically be another way for putin to intimidate merkel , as he has done before . 
  imagine the great macho man showing his army before the german chancellor to send a message of deterrance . 
  at least , i take it that the victory day parade will go on as usual , as confirmed by the article . 
  not that merkel has a logical alternative here , but she made the right choice nevertheless . 
  i believe the us are working on a next generation system and already have [ one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ground-based_midcourse_defense ) . 
  same goes for russia apparantly . 
  i ca n't back it up with any data , but i remember something about nukes being harder to intercept when fired from closer range . 
  might have something to do with the angle . 
  no , you misinterpreted me . 
  might be my use of english , but i was referring to ukraine pulling out of the russian sphere of influence . 
  russia has historically had strong ties with its smaller slavic counterparts , something which it has lost over the past few decades . 
  also , poland is a splendid example of a slavic country ( as much as i hate to use the term ) that has turned towards the rest of europe and the west in general . 
  granted : the cold war and half a century of stolen history * did help a lot * , but still it happened . 
   so sort of like the iron curtain ? 
  kind of , although the iron curtain i recognized has shifted eastwards by over a 1000 kilometers . 
   those `` buffer countries '' you mentioned have very close ties to russia historically and share cultural/political views i actually agree to this , which one the reasons why i placed them in between and not exclusively in the european sphere of influence . 
  ukraine and some other countries however have been pulled into the eurosphere over the past decade , which has resulted in a torn up ukraine as of 2015 . 
  the countries in between have been caught in the crossfire , with rather tragic results . 
  i only placed ukraine exclusively in europe after what happened from 2014 onwards . 
  it seems deadset to stray away from its slavic identity and join the rest of europe . 
  well i do n't really think there are a lot of europeans out there that doubt the uk ( or ireland for that matter ) belong to europe . 
  the british like to talk about mainland europe as ` the continent ' now and then , but even they will still admit that britain is simply part of europe . 
  although you unknowingly put your finger on the major issue here when defining europe : where does it stop in the east ? 
  until recently , i placed the border east of poland while maintaining the rather political view that the countries ` in between ' russia and the eu are simply buffer zones . 
  the entire ukraine-conflict makes it ( for the first time in a long time ) possible to draw a sharp line between europe and asia , as the russian border seems to represent a cultural , military and political fault line . 
  sometimes it feels like there should be an ocean between russia and the rest of europe , instead of an ocean between europe and n-a . 
  that made me sick . 
  it gives an idea of reality here nowadays though . 
  i get what you are saying , but it might be best to distinguish between believing something or not believing it . 
  nobody needs to shed tears in my opinion when visiting auschwitz , but what happened there is beyond any historical doubt as we both know . 
  any ideologically motivated ideas about it being a ` hoax ' or a ` conspiracy ' should be fiercely combated . 
  the hardening will happen regardless , but you are of course right in pointing that out . 
  i 'm thinking along the lines of ` lets get it over with ' , and by doing so accept 10-20 years of increased turmoil in society . 
  the people that reject western teachings partially or whole will not buckle overnight , some might never . 
  the focus should therefore mainly be on the new ( er ) generation ( s ) . 
  i am all in favor of assimilation and our proposals are probably not so far apart . 
  assimilation will undoubtedly result in the reassertion of values we know and the possible criminalization of certain behavior . 
  at this point it is simply best that one side ` wins ' . 
  i 'm not issuing a death sentence towards pluriformity here , but the more this debate in the netherlands drags on the more i am inclined to believe one side has to capitulate . 
  but look at me : i am already talking about sides , we vs. them . 
  rather shocking to notice while reading back at this , but that is simply how our society is nowadays ; utterly divided . 
  there is little contact between muslims and non-muslims , while the little contact there is tends to lead to friction . 
  solution : reaffirming our own national ( european mostly ) values and suppressing anything that goes against it . 
  optional : take state control of all domestic islamic institutions to make sure that any bigotry gets weeded out before it gets a chance to blossom . 
   the problem that the article describes is however still something that needs to be dealt with . 
  i got a personal distaste for the ad and the telegraaf as well , but i see no reason to mention this in the way you did . 
  as you have to admit in the end , it * is * a problem . 
  whether the ad or some other quality newspaper reports about it should not be our concern . 
  i have always considered both part of the continent , although the definition of what is ` europe ' is rather arbitrary . 
  most people draw some kind of line in eastern europe to designate where europe ` ends ' , although i have n't yet met a single person that would not count said countries as part of europe . 
  there is much to be said about no longer thinking of europe as a seperate continent ( and instead view it as the western part of eurasia ) , but that would mean ignoring centuries of history . 
  but i am getting a bit carried away : since the uk and ireland are also situated on the eurasian plate , i consider them part of europe . 
  iceland ( which i consider european as well ) is a rather schizophrenic case using that type of reasoning though . 
  bottom line is that the definition of what is europe will always remain arbitrary . 
  question , do you really believe what are you saying here ? 
  we are talking about the boys and girls that believe in conspiracy theories and accept any allegation about the us/israel its hand in any random world event as ` fact ' . 
  people that think that way can not be salvaged by a trip to auschwitz : they 'll stand there , lift their shoulders and say ` it 's all a lie , but a good one though !, 
  that clears it up , as that is something else  . 
  do n't . 
  just do n't begin about it , as it will spark a handful of annoying trash comments . 
  how exactly ? 
  disregarding the legal status , the island in question still is situated in the caribbean . 
  when people say ` europe ' , they almost always mean geographical europe which makes me kind of wonder why you think this ` technically ' is europe . 
  i wo n't deny that i 'm feeling highly annoyed by your stubbornness . 
  you are talking to someone who actually * knows * how this works in practice , but still you want to confirm your own ideas . 
  reddit is a place to learn my friend , not a place to simply deny other opinions . 
  this is how it works legally and how it always goes in practice . 
  nobody disrespects the ecj in the manner you are describing here , which is probably made up . 
  adjust your view . 
  this is how it goes . 
  ** edit ** : since you did n't bother to post a reply , i conclude that you indeed know very little about how this works in practice .
