  still , that has not always been one of the main characteristics of such a position ( you rightfully give the example of the roman republic ) and in the end dictatorship in my view just refers to gathering an excessive amount of power in one hand . 
  this power * could * be constrained by law , even though it nearly always is n't . 
  thanks for adding this . 
  what powers does a chairman of a common court have ? 
  here in the netherlands , the ` president ' of a court would not meddle in individual cases ( nor have the power to do so !, 
  ) , but i 'm not sure about the polish situation . 
  over here it 's mostly an organisational thing , hence why i ask . 
  could he meddle in individual cases for example ? 
  or could he ( the chairman ) even appoint lower members of the judiciary ? 
   do n't pretend the parties in power act purely out of some reverence for the sanctity of the separation of powers . 
  this sounds like a conspiracy theory and i do n't like it . 
  how do you know that if i may ask ? 
  well rounded people may apply to the judiciary , and according to some pieces i 've read so far , pvv judges are apparantly non-existent in the netherlands . 
  and i guess that got a lot to do with the political leanings of those people , which are emotionally inspired and nearly always based on incomplete or downright wrong knowledge . 
  such people would indeed make bad judges . 
  those people however would still get rubber stamped for the high court if some of those judges would exist , * if * the judiciary would place them on the shortlist . 
  fortunately such judges are nearly if not completely non-existent here though . 
  one can hardly call that unfair by the way , because of the qualities a good judge requires . 
  by the way , the ` centrist ' parties as you call them range from sp ( socialists ) to the vvd ( conservative liberals ) and tend to have very differing views on a whole array of subjects . 
  but in the end they still rubber stamp high court judges , and that 's not because said persons match their views - which is nearly impossible because of the radical differences between all those parties . 
  therefore ,  `` it 's always political '' could n't be more wrong . 
  that 's not how it works , as you can not logically deduce this to start out with . 
  ** edit : ** i do would like to add any political meddling with regard to the appointment of judges should be taken out of the equation , even if it only exists on paper . 
  the judiciary should solely select newcomers from its midst , and that includes self-appointing them . 
  agreed , yet a dictatorship for example could be a state of law at the same time , while not being democratic . 
  examples of that situation are very rare though ( maybe singapore ? ) . 
  it 's safe to say that nowadays both go hand in hand , and a democracy indeed would have a hard time functioning without an independent judiciary . 
  here in the netherlands they are appointed by royal decree , yet they are selected by the judiciary itself . 
  the judiciary takes care of the training of prospect judges and the selection proces that accompanies it . 
  high court judges need to be confirmed by parliament , but there is almost never a discussion about it here . 
  i say almost never , because the pvv ( right wing populists , who would 've guessed ? ), 
  tried the same with a prospect high court judge a couple of years back , which caused an uproar in the second chamber . 
  normally the judiciary provides a shortlist with a few names , and the person on top of the list would be appointed without any problems whatsoever . 
  the latter fits with the ideas about separation of powers , thus the parliament here more or less functions as a rubber stamp for the candidates put forward for the high court . 
  it 's safe to say that the process itself is bereft of all political meaning here , with the judiciary actually appointing its own members . 
  the polish situation in that regard is really extreme , and out of this world . 
  it seeks to completely destroy the independence and impartiality of the judiciary , using it as nothing but a tool for the government . 
  it 's a hallmark of a banana republic , not of a modern state of law . 
  apparantly a state of law ( ` rechtsstaat ' ) is nowadays equated to democracy , as both nowadays nearly always go hand in hand . 
  i do n't like it this development as well though , we agree on that . 
  people should stop confusing democracy with the existence of a state of law . 
  also aimed at / u/fordlandia . 
  the third act that will go on as planned is just as destructive , if not more destructive than the one that actively sought to castrate the high court . 
  there 's little to salute here , until all three laws have been off the table . 
  if the checks and balances in poland were actually as they should 've been , the law that is about to be passed would be blocked as well . 
  exactly . 
  there is very little to celebrate here : the bill that still stands is * just as much of an attack * on the independence of the judiciary as the two that were repealed . 
  no government should have the power to replace judges that do not share the views of that government : it destroys the separation of powers as it places the government ( the executive ) on top of the judiciary , making the latter only a ` lesser ' power - close to a rubber stamp whenever the government feels like it . 
  there can be no judicial independence as long as the government got the power to actively appoint and dismiss judges at its own leisure . 
  negligence , which apparantly under international law fell on the dutch state . 
  that being said : apparantly it is more or less known that ` our boys ' were sent out there way too lightly armed , too little in number and with very restrictive roe . 
  when the enclave was attacked by much better armed and far more numerous serb forces , air support was called in but denied twice as far as i gathered . 
  roe were n't allowed to be changed apparantly , so dutchbat could n't do much more than letting the serb forces march in . 
  that being said : i understand that the netherlands has to foot the bill , at least partly , due to poor political decision making . 
  but it let be very clear : we were not responsible to the onslaught that happened there . 
  the perpetrators were the serb forces under mladic , and no other . 
  edit : a word . 
   a criminal who invades a private home is likely enough to be willing to kill , or is willing enough to take the chance that he will end up doing so , that he must be presumed to be a deadly threat for the safety and peace of the homeowner . 
  maybe that 's how it works in russia , with its sky high murder rate compared to other nations in europe , but not here . 
  violence during burglaries is very rare here : people being killed during a burglary is almost unheard off , despite thousands if not tens of thousands burglary cases a year . 
  if there are no signs that a person is out there to kill , or hurt you in any other way , violence is out of the question . 
  you need to have some piece of information that justifies using violence in that case , otherwise you are on the wrong path . 
  maybe it depends on the local culture , we can keep it at that . 
  that does n't make any less malign though , if done without a clear reason to do so . 
  and that 's exactly how the law does n't work in most western nations , and i rejoice that 's the reality in most of those nations . 
  a thief needs to be jailed , not killed . 
  only in the sight of a clear attack , or an extremely threathening situation that demands physical action , can one defend him/herself . 
  the simple fact that someone unwantedly crossed your threshold does not give you the right to kill that person , no matter how much of a scumbag that person is . 
  nor do you have any moral superiority to demonstrate , when you search for excuses to kill someone . 
  malign thought should never be rewarded , and that certainly goes for people that abuse self-defense for * offensive actions * . 
  the line between vigilante action and true self defense is razor thin : you do best to keep that in mind . 
  no , the argument here is that should n't say it in the first place . 
  you are n't being given a mission to talk to every trump supporter : you are advised here to soften your tone and to avoid talking in absolutes . 
  saying ` every trump voter ' and ` there is no way to argue otherwise ' is proof to a black and white world view , and that just does n't work with me - nor does it belong in an adult discussion . 
  but again , it is best to stop it right here : this will not work . 
  we 'll only get on each other 's nerves . 
  every ? 
  did you talk to every trump voter ? 
  see , this is what i mean , and that 's why i rarely come to / r/europe to discuss politics anymore . 
  you immediatly get confronted with stuff like this , and it just gets on the nerves of people like me . 
  especially how you shut it down with ` there is no way to argue otherwise ' shows you are not able to argue with me or any other reasonable person here . 
  we are done , so do n't bother . 
  there are dozens of subreddits with subscribers in excess of 5 million . 
  reddit is extremely broad , and the group of active people on / r/politics is n't it . 
  also : the subscriber count is 3,4 million apparantly . 
  that sub is well known for having a left-winged bias in whatever gets upvoted , whether it are posts or comments . 
  that being said , you can find constructive and thought through commentary on / r/politics in just about every topic about politics , no matter the political affiliation of the crowd there . 
  contrarily , it is rather rare on / r/europe nowadays to have a grown up discussion about politics , without it devolving in some kind of monstrosity . 
  hey , tilt your flair already man . 
  that flag is taken !, 
  which is a small portion of the internet , and the subreddits where it does happen are few and far between in the end . 
  let me name / r/politics , / r/againsthatesubreddits and other subs with the same kind of audience . 
  but reddit is really broad - and even on the subs i named you will not get that treatment as a normal right winger . 
  but as a trump or le pen supporter ? 
  yeah , probably . 
  whether that 's justified is something that it 's up to history to decide . 
  i do n't like it whenever the similarities are n't really clear though , let me keep it at that . 
  i do n't think any extremist is correct : the world just does n't work that way . 
  look at it objectively , and all extreme people fall under the category ` garbage ' . 
  their world view in the end is absolute , nor can they compromise .
