  more was n't needed : putting it slighly above 51 % made the ` victory ' more credible , compared to making it 65 % . 
  by doing it this way , people are given the illusion it was a fair referendum , so they can hang themselves in doubt . 
  chances are that 's the outcome indeed : got the same strong suspicion , simply given turkey its track record . 
   usually they all fucking lie all of them ? 
  sounds a bit absolute or not ? 
  you more or less confirmed what i said by bringing it so absolute . 
  plenty of media here for example reflected on the turkey-netherlands diplomatic row from two sides . 
  that perspective was nearly completely absent in turkey , which is a huge red flag in terms of press freedom . 
  also : we do n't put independent media under state control , where exactly the opposite has happened in turkey . 
  there is no way you can deny that happened . 
  yeah , but many turks in the netherlands watch turkish channels . 
  they also read turkish media online . 
  that 's part of the problem . 
  i have a good idea of what ` news ' they digest on the turkish side , and since independent media in turkey are close to non-existent nowadays it is not difficult to see how they came to such a conclusion . 
  still sad though , as someone with an academic mind ought to be critical at the very least . 
  do n't worry , [ dutch turks got your back ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2168379-twee-derde-turkse-nederlanders-steunt-beleid-erdogan.html ) . 
  about two-third of them support erdogan , is n't that great ? 
  i thought a long time before posting this , but i believe it deserves a place in the larger metadiscussion about the conflict in eastern ukraine . 
  this link below contains very gruesome footage where a man - either a ukrainian or russian soldier/separatist - gets crucified and burned for aiding the separatist side of the conflict . 
  alledgedly , although this needs to be confirmed , the persons responsible for the crucifixion and burning of the captive in question are members of the so called government affiliated azov battalion . 
  needless to say , i had great difficulty watching the whole thing and without a doubt others will feel the same about this cruel video . 
  this video should be regarded as very shocking , just to add one final disclaimer . 
  there are a lot of ukrainians active on / r/europe , so i wonder if some of them can shed some light on whether this footage can be authentic and if the perpetrators in question could indeed very well be members of the azov battalion . 
  for example : recognizing accents , uniforms , etc. 
  [ link . 
  as many of you i was all too happy that the megatopic ` solution ' was removed as an option to contain certain people and groups . 
  the idea that every topic could be and should be discussed in an open environment is at first glance a perfect idea , and on paper there seems to be one obvious answer . 
  in practice it seems to be another thing . 
  if you take a [ look ] ( http://i.imgur.com/afjp7ju.png ) at the [ frontpage ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4xpvjm6.png ) of / r/europe today , i am starting to wonder whether this is a proper solution as well . 
  obviously people have some really strong opinions about the influx of refugees/migrants into europe , but there at least seems to be either a mild * obsession * with the topic or some really relentless agenda pushing . 
  just saying : this place would be much better if people would * actually * be talking about something else , instead of a subject which can be dealt with in one single argument . 
  a frontpage with a more diverse range of subjects and news , for example the situation in greece or whatever the sentiment in the uk is towards the eu as of today . 
  there is much more out there to read about than the entire subject of mass migration . 
  in the absence of a filter button i just wanted to express my annoyance about it - and it is not hard to imagine that swarms of / r/europe readers share the same resentment . 
  we experimented with direct democracy in that sense , but the turnout of mayor elections hovered around 10 % of the electorate , most of the time . 
  there was simply too little interest . 
  but the appointment process in the end is a dance between the central government and the municipial council , with the latter having a rather strong say in the matter . 
  he could , but would fail as an independent . 
  mayors are appointed centrally , even though the municipal council of municipality x got a strong say about it . 
  in the end , it leads to a convergence between the interests of soon to be emeritus members of parliament in the hague , and those of local party divisions . 
  as such , independent candidates stand less of a chance . 
  there are six active independent mayors in the netherlands , so it [ turns out ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/onafhankelijken ) . 
  it 's still a very low number , given there are 388 municipalities in this country . 
  independent mayors make up less than 2 % of all . 
  i think a change could be strengthening the requirements for public office , making the entire procedure as meritocratic as possible . 
  connections need not count : merit on the other hand should . 
  that would be the past antidote to the current situation . 
  the fvd , a right wing conservative party with some populist elements is in favor of demolishing the current ` cartel practices ' , as they call it . 
  in short , if you want to become a major in the netherlands for example , you need to have a membership of one of the major , established parties , otherwise it just wo n't happen . 
  i believe all majors in the netherlands belong to about six political parties , which decent ( but partyless ) outsiders having no chance at all . 
  the fvd considers this to be in violation of the constitution , which states that all citizens have equal chances at being appointed to public office . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/-/media/imported/documents/2015/27/4530-af1400%20factsheet%20gezondheidsenquete%202014_cbs_nationale%20drugsmonitor_def.pdf ) are all the figures ( 2014 ) in pdf . 
  the most important data : - cannabis leads the charge ( who would 've guessed ) with 4,6 % of the population having used it in the past month . 
  more than 1 % of the population , and the staggering percentage of 28 % of all cannabis users , smoke daily . 
  mostly young people seem to use it , although it is obviously being used by all age groups . 
  - ecstasy use : 0,7 % of the population used it last month , which appears on the low side . 
  2.5 % of the population did so over the last year . 
  usage is highest in the age cohort 25-29 , with men doing it twice as often than women . 
  - cocaine use : 0,6 % of the population did so last month . 
  1.6 % of the population did so last year . 
  - speed/amfetamine : 0,5 % of the population did so last month , 1.3 % of the population over the last year . 
  often young people and especially young men are the main users of the drugs . 
  - alcohol : 80,8 % of the population drank alcohol in [ 2015 ] ( https://www.trimbos.nl/kerncijfers/nationale-drug-monitor#qalcoholtabaksgebruik2015q ) . 
  about 11,5 % of the population are [ heavy drinkers ] ( https://www.jellinek.nl/vraag-antwoord/hoeveel-mensen-zijn-verslaafd-en-hoeveel-komen-er-in-behandeling/ ) , and another 3,7 % of the population are classified as people who abuse alcohol . 
  0,7 % of the population can be considered to be addicted , that being alcoholic . 
  i think that is for now the most important information . 
  in absolute numbers alcohol appears to be most abused above any other drug . 
  but cannabis for example easily creates a habit of daily use as well , as the figures show . 
  that is not to be underestimated as a danger for users . 
  and yes , i would be surprised if that government could n't handle this . 
  i do n't see any addicts wandering around in the streets , though the battle vs the production of illegal narcotics is ever ongoing . 
  yes , as polygamy reminds me of other regions of the world i am not truly a fan off . 
  still , i can imagine it working for some people and will accept it works for those people . 
  it would be terribly complicated though . 
  i look upon those people in a highly negative manner . 
  in my view , they 're only slightly above neonazis at this point , because they are the flip side of the coin of radicalism or even extremism . 
  the only thing that keeps them above neonazis is in the end their genuine , but naive , good intentions , which are destroyed by the manner they try to achieve those goals . 
  antifa is in the end a self defeating entity whose behavior is reminiscent of the brownshirts in the thirties , which also utilized small bands of thugs to attack those that think something else . 
  over here in the netherlands they cause more problems than neonazi extremists , or far right protestors , as they often start to attack people during a counter - ` protest ' . 
  when antifa comes to your city , you can more or less expect fighting and vandalism . 
  looking at it objectively , the refugee crisis as that one actually was closer to home . 
  i could also see the results of it around me , as i live close to one of the largest asylum processing centers of the netherlands . 
  trump at this point is just a curiosity from across the pond . 
  no , but fighting them with violence more or less gives further fuel to their idiotic viewpoints . 
  it also implicitly gives credibility to those types as they are considered to be less problematic at this point than extreme left rioters . 
  the best way to deal with extremists is to ignore them , and take all legal measures possible to prevent their groups from growing too large or causing disorder . 
  battling with them in the streets is not the way too go : it is self defeating . 
   fought nazis with words or actual violence , antifa style ? 
  just curious here . 
  in the netherlands they are being sold in just about every supermarket , which are mostly open seven days a week . 
  by far most people will buy them there , at gas stations or out of vending machines . 
  there was some talk about banning the latter recently though . 
  price for a premium brand pack of about 20 cigarettes is around 7 euros , maybe 50 cent more or a little bit less . 
  i do not think he was necessarily opposed to austerity back then as well : it was about the details , that being ` what ' austerity should mainly hit . 
  rutte called him , and still calls him , a ` wegloper ' , someone that runs away whenever things get rough . 
  still , as much as i dislike wilders and the pvv , truth obliges me to state wilders did not sign up for any measures outside of the government pact , nor was he expected to do so . 
  normally the ruling parties agree on a written and detailed program , and rule based on that . 
  the situation back then however amounted to a breach of that very program and wilders was not willing to go in the same direction . 
  it made him more of a pariah , i agree on that , but it remains difficult to say whether wilders should have agreed to measures he could n't defend to himself or his voters . 
  in that case new elections are indeed best , despite it putting the country in a precarious position during economically troubled times .
