  at this point i can agree to that . 
  no more saboteurs in the eu will benefit it in the long run . 
  i also like to see the uk bear the consequences of a no vote , as a relevant case study against referendums concerning complicated topics . 
  i think it 's good to mention that the government should be free to ignore the verdict if the majority of all people eligible go vote wo n't show up , which is going to be the case . 
  probably around 35-40 % of all voters ( at most ) will show up - and that gives extra ammo towards those that are in favor ( which is already the status quo ! ) . 
  not to mention whether the bending of the instrument of referendum for other goals than the question asked should ** not ** be rewarded , especially if you consider what entity is behind it to start out with . 
  geenstijl is the media outlet in the netherlands that comes closest to the british tabloids like the daily mail , and rewarding their publicity stunt would also be a bad sign . 
  exactly : it got nothing to do with it , thus the referendum is already morally void in my eyes . 
  ukraine is being used as a scapegoat to criticize the current course of the eu ( something that could be perfectly done via the ballot box during elections ) . 
  i agree mostly : this referendum was just a publicity stunt for geenstijl.nl , that has apparantly been losing money for a long time by now , not having a turned a profit in the recent past . 
  the telegraaf media groep even decided to sell it at the end of 2014 and apparantly it is still for sale as of now . 
  make no mistake people from abroad : this referendum is n't really about ukraine . 
  it 's about the eu - and about revenge for the 2005 referendum which was ignored by politicians here ( even though it was a binding referendum ) . 
  the association treaty with ukraine is certainly not alive here - and the referendum is just a veiled way to judge about the eu at the moment . 
  geenstijl has mastered the art in mobilizing the upheaval about the eu and wants to profile itself as a media outlet with serious power - to the point that one in every two or three topics on their site nowadays is about the referendum . 
  as this is one big marketing stunt from the side of geenstijl - and the average citizen could n't even hope to understand the complicated nature of such agreements - this referendum should n't even take place . 
  if the outcome as predicted will be ` no ' the government should just ignore it because of the reasons outlined above , not to mention that ` we ' apparantly think we are more important than the 27 other member states that signed the agreement already . 
  hell , the referendum only touches 30 % of the agreement in the first place . 
  not really : you can get rid of the banking secret , but the old culture still remains . 
  that can only be bred out by decades long upholding strict legal rules - so we 'll keep hearing about this for some time longer . 
  big four auditor kmpg was also implicated in these practices in the netherlands , and that is hardly surprising given its reputation here as well . 
  it looks unethical , thus people look down upon these practices . 
  indeed , in the end the law decides whether these constructions are legal or illegal , but in this case legal/illegal is completely disconnected from the ethical merits of such outrageous practices . 
  and that should not be so , as it turns the law into a void and unhuman thing : there has to be some connection to the mores in society !, 
  there ought to be more legal fictions ( aimed at ending tax evasion in a ` legal ' framework ) in tax law - discussed and implemented on an international level - and afterwards implemented on a national level to curb this behavior once and for all . 
  people will not take this forever anymore , especially now the dirty laundry has come out . 
  after all : why does your average working class person have to neatly pay up ( and get in trouble when he/she does n't ! ), 
  while an entity with a huge bankaccount possesses options to practically avoid the entire system of law as it was * meant to be * ? 
  everyone ought to be taxed equally , according to the legal provisions set out in the law . 
  let us please not approve of this behavior just because the legal safeguards for it are lacking at the moment - nor be unmoved to consider finding a solution for this once and for all . 
  well played mods , well played . 
  sad that your ( paid ? ), 
  counterparts at / r/russia do n't share our sense of humor . 
  as outlined elsewhere : it stems in insecurity around free thought . 
  hence the verdict ` not guilty ' . 
  but who knows , maybe something comes up in the meanwhile . 
  either the guy is a total masochist and just wanted to lengthen his ordeal to make a point - or he indeed got something to hide . 
  but the verdict as it stands is clear : he got nothing to hide , at least nothing that can be proven . 
  indeed , and this alone suggests he got something to hide after all . 
  but in the absence of proof or illegality of his actions , this is the only logical conclusion . 
  i wonder what appeals will bring though . 
  edit : i guess it 's the dutch flair huh . 
  it was n't : it 's a factual statement . 
  the stasi would literally be jealous of the type of powers the us got nowadays in terms of information gathering : there was no link with fascism outside the one you 're interpreting here yourself . 
  although i might have taken out of context what you said , as i responded to what 's mostly implied with statements like yours : my apologies for that !, 
  it seems like you want to mainly see tough measures ( in four bullet points ) against those that have left ( and betrayed ) europe , and we are in full agreement on that - though you might want to scrape off the rough edges related to the first proposal ( police powers ) . 
  naming it a ` patriot act ' by the way was very unfortunate : the patriot act is directly connected to mass surveillance , hence the misconception . 
   i do n't really understand how one is willing to accept deaths of tens of thousands so that we can trump on our chests about freedom . 
  that kind of cost is way too high . 
  to answer to this . 
  it is because i suspect that a ) the lives of those living in the future would be significantly worse to the point that quality of life has severely degraded , or b ) more deaths would follow , as such a system ( if perfectly implemented ) could give near total control over society . 
  information after all equals power like nothing else nowadays . 
  however , despite a ) and b ) , do n't think that i 'm completely indifferent about what happened in paris and brussels , because i care a great deal about the people that were slaughtered there . 
  my compassion however does not lend itself to be used for political goals as outlined above . 
   we can discuss `` other methods '' , but in the end do n't those come back as a pc narrative of the same ideas i just outlined ? 
  unless you meant something else under `` other methods '' . 
  the pc narrative accusation kind of is surprising , but that aside , other methods would be conventional methods here : controls on substances that can be used for making bombs ( to the point that it is still rational to do so ) , active surveillance and infiltration in neighbourhoods that are hotspots for terrorist sympathies , and so on . 
   and the world is not black and white , there is an infinite amount of shades of gray between `` anarchist free '' and `` fascist totalitarian '' . 
  that certainly was n't implied : but there 's no sense in tempting fate to the point that we could end up with any of those extremes . 
  there 's already a severe lack of checks and balances in this field in the us for example , and i do n't want that type of legislation here in europe as well because of it . 
  we had this discussion in the netherlands recently : the government switched from an anti-encryption to pro-encryption ( or at least mildly pro-encryption ) stance in a few months time . 
  they figured out that anything you take in with a dragnet could also be stolen for other purposes , including commercial motives . 
  that 's another argument against dragnetting . 
   wishful thinking and ignoring the reality will only lead us to hell . 
  and the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  the thing with the entire discussion around privacy is that most people just do n't understand it and see it as blattering about something that is not so important , while it is deeply associated with the social contract we have with our governments . 
  the discussion of how far government powers should go is a really old one - and one that is still fought this day and age . 
  freedom indeed is n't free : it is being protected by a delicate network of checks and balances among other things , and to ensure it stays like that we better not lay the groundwork for a future totalitarian system that could keep tabs on whatever the population is thinking on any time of the day . 
  if you fail to see the difficulties with the government having the ability to open just about every piece of private correspondence in that sense , and think that security trumps everything , then i wonder what your priorities are to start out with . 
  we do n't need slightly increased security ( if it would increase at all that is ) at the cost of shifting powers towards the government of the type the stasi could 've only dreamed off . 
  to put it very bluntly : the deaths of a few hundred people , tragic as it is , are almost completely irrelevant in the wider discussion around privacy and how far the powers of the government should go . 
  for me , that point would n't even be reached if tens of thousands of europeans would 've died due to the terrorism in the past 10 years , but i guess i 'm just not susceptible enough to the emotional blackmail that tends to follow those attacks ( `` if you have nothing to hide , why resist ? 
  we want to prevent further attacks ! '' ) . 
  not to mention that there are plenty of other methods to prevent terror attacks , which includes more heavily armed police on the streets , proper border controls , other classic police methods , and so forth . 
  of course not , but that is n't convenient to people that are interested in expanding powers of government into this field . 
  the problem here is that there 's this idea that high levels of surveillance will almost make terrorism impossible , while the persons responsible for it will simply adapt and start using end to end encryption . 
  not to mention that mass surveillance got a really doubtworthy , if not insignificant trackrecord in preventing terrorism . 
  governments can better invest in hastening the arrival of quantum computers , so they can hack individual devices/accounts , instead of dismanteling privacy altogether . 
  in that case there wo n't be much of an issue anymore , as the amount of calculating power required to hack everything would still be above what is available at that time , not to mention that encryption will also continue to advance in the meanwhile . 
  true : we are in full agreement on that . 
  this is really fully irrelevant to what i said . 
  and honestly , i have great difficulty seeing why you have to drag islam into this one as i only commented on christian heritage . 
  i referred to christian influences , for example in tort law . 
  of course the effect of roman law ( for example the corpus iuris civilis ) on contemporary law is very significant , but even that is smaller than the influence the code civil had . 
  but it is a flawed idea to think there are no christian influences in european law , as they most certainly are there . 
  whether it is tort law , family law or even contract law : christian doctrine at least partly resounds there . 
  of course : i can even vividly remember geert wilders leaving the vvd with a lot of noise in the past . 
  but when i said ` old party ' i wanted to refer to the established order , with geert wilders not really being a representative of it . 
  then again , wilders has been residing in the hague for what is it , 20 years or so ? 
  he 's been in the second chamber for god knows how long : he must be one of the longest seated members by now . 
  you do understand that reddit is strongly skewed to a young demographic with certain ideas right ? 
  i generally would n't use reddit to draw any definitive conclusions about what is ` alive ' in european society , but that 's just me . 
  indeed , yet he 's not a government figure , nor someone from an ` old ' party . 
  come on , judging from your post history here you can do better than that  . 
  brave thing to say : i ca n't imagine any dutch government leader ever working up the courage to say something like that . 
  secularized or not , christan heritage strongly influenced how we approach each other , how our legal systems work as well as generally influencing the direction of many european nations in the past . 
  i identify as irreligious/atheist myself , but many people just fail to see the christian influences in our contemporary societies . 
  what exactly * is * safe in the eyes of donald trump ? 
  well the apostrophs were there in the original bbc title as well , so unless the image i linked earlier is a fabrication , there was no editorialization in play here . 
  good thing you 're changing it though : thanks for the efforts .
