  you immediatly skip all the other solutions ( a vote of no confidence in parliament or some other type of civil rebellion ) and make it look like i want the military to cast democracy aside at this very moment . 
  i just do not deny it to be an option , as greece finds itself at a crossroads in its own history . 
  the guy that proposed it in european parliament is a lunatic , but the option itself as an objective solution should be considered . 
  as i said : the same would go for the netherlands if it would be confronted with the same difficulties and inability of the ruling government to solve them . 
  there is no distinction made by me in that . 
  i would gladly support our armed forces in the deposition of an equally mad government , if only for a greater cause . 
  needless to say , such a move should always result in a bloodless coup . 
   i know the northern european countries absolutely despise democracy when the outcome is disagreeable to them , but the greek population just voted - twice - in favor of tsipiras the people are n't some neo-oracle that is always right . 
  if you really believe that , you should talk a bit more with the people living around you : it really is the best argument * against * democracy . 
  the people can be wrong , simple as that . 
  just like rulers can be wrong . 
  that they voted twice for keeping as many privileges as possible as completely and utterly understandable , but not correct per se . 
   you do not get to suggest , ever , under any circumstances , that we ( not even we , the greek military ! ), 
  should undermine the sovereignity directly legally speaking , if the greek military were to overthrow its own government , the sovereignty of the nation would not be infringed . 
  that would be different if another nation would invade greece to ` collect ' what is theirs : fortunately we live in a time where that is impossible . 
   you just argued the opposite of this , with your greek example . 
  greeks voted against the status quo , scots voted for it . 
  in neither case was the outcome certain . 
  the debt is being advertized as unsustainable ( which it is ) , and this has been going on for a long time . 
  combine that with an imf report a few days before the elections that confirmed the same , as well as some european leaders opening the door for debt write offs , and this was the safest option in the long term . 
  i will remark that this goes against the general characteristic of democracy being focused on the short term : effectively voting for debt write offs by following syriza its hard line in negotiations is a vote for the long term . 
  then again : i think many people voted emotionally as they are simply * sick * of all the austerity , no matter how necessary it was . 
  i can not back that up though : it is a feeling , but even then it is likely to be quite close to the motivations of a large group of ` no ' voters . 
   it is clear from your comment that you were considering treaty change to allow greece to stay in the eu but leave the euro . 
  no treaty change is required for greece to exit the eu . 
  about the last part : correct of course . 
  but treaty change would be the best option here ( as it results in the least legal uncertainty ) , thus i prefer walking down that pad . 
  is it necessary ? 
  i think not , but it could create a lot of legal headache in the future at the ecj . 
  greece could stay in the eurozone only in name , while having a currency of its own , probably even pegged to the euro . 
  greece can not be removed from the eu formally , but tremendous diplomatic pressure might ensure that it does take the path of voluntary exile . 
  after last weekend and france its comments on greece the odds of that happening have suddenly diminished , but there is still an option that all member states withdraw from the current eu and create a simultaneous copy of the current one . 
  this would present us with ` the british problem ' once again , but it is another option that could be utilized . 
  needless to say : pulling that off ( and thus pushing greece out of europe ) is even way more controversial than giving it a graceful exit mechanism from the eurozone . 
  whatever it is , the future is going to be interesting . 
  i think we 'll talk about this again some time soon , as the next weeks will be very interesting . 
  history is being made here . 
  ** edit : ** added some things above . 
  as an option of the * last resort * , not as the preferred way to move at this point . 
  i could n't care less about the sum of money we have lended to greece : we 'll never see it back anyways , at least the most of it . 
  what i care about is that tsipras is trying to run greece off a cliff and to call that unresponsible is an understatement . 
  he * has * to reform - whether that is by staying in the eurozone or leaving it all together - and as long as he does not show that he wants to take responsibility with respect to this obligation there is a case to be made about removing the current government . 
  where mad rulers make decisions contrary to the interests of their own people , temporary military rule should be the option of last resort to restore order . 
  again : this is a highly impopular opinion but i give it anyways , despite making myself a target at the same time . 
  i will repeat that it should be the only option left when all other methods have failed . 
  the same would go for my nation if we had similar problems . 
   these are not arguments against referendums . 
  they very much are : if you present proposals that bring about a lot of uncertainty , people will naturally vote against it . 
  most people are creatures of habit and are afraid of the unknown . 
  also , most people strive for security ( whether financial or otherwise ) and will therefore try to vote for what is in their interests security wise . 
  the bottom line is : you can call out a referendum of which the answer is pretty obvious beforehand . 
  that is what i tried to make clear here . 
   we allow people to vote in general elections on self-interest and these also contain financial obligations . 
  it wo n't surprise you that my view here is the same : people should not be able to vote on financial matters . 
  the government should be restrained with a strict set of rules and regulations that obligates them to look after the standard of living - as well as maximizing it when possible . 
  the rule here again is ( very civil law like , heh ! ), 
  to issue laws that ensure such a relationship between people and government to prevent a race to the bottom to make the nation in question ` more competitive ' . 
  of course , the media could still try to bring e.g. 
  social inequality into the news to make it known to the current rulers , but any discussion about what direction to take would be restricted by the same legislation . 
  needless to say , proposed changes in public finance that hit the people * directly * ( for example income tax ) should not be subject of elections . 
   people can be wrong , but so can rulers . 
  both can . 
  but , ultimately , when their views diverge , we should trust the people rather than the ruler . 
  true : yet the scenario you warn off is not that credible as of 2015 . 
  maybe that is taking it too easily - maybe i do not spot the dangers in it as well as you do - but remember that a limitation of democracy would coincide with strict legislation that limits the government to making the right decisions , instead of those that run counter to what is best to the people . 
  not surprisingly , this all belongs more in the sphere of meritocracy than present day democracy which in turn betrays my views on governance . 
   the dutch are very angry about the greece situation and many dutch are very anglophile . 
  dutch people are also culturally fairly similar to the british - you are very pragmatic rather than idealistic and thus ideological projects like the eu do not sit well with you . 
  i think this is true : first and foremost we indeed also seem to have little ` temperament ' ( might be because of the climate ? ), 
  and pick the rational decision most of the time , at least the common people . 
  politicians then again are an exception as a category : those often do not seem to be living in the same world as the average dutchman does . 
  i think it is worth noting that opposition to the eu should mostly be seen in the far or extreme left/right corner , that being the sp ( socialist party ) and the pvv ( wilders his ` party ' , or to be precise , a one man club ) . 
  the major traditional parties ( vvd , cda , pvda ) , as well as some of the newer and influential parties ( d66 , groenlinks ) are not interested in restructuring our relationship with the eu , nor do its voters feel the same to a level anywhere close to for example tory voters in the uk . 
  you were completely right in remarking how important the future here may be : as trust in politics continues to erode , it is not hard to assume that the extremes of the political spectrum will get more power . 
  thus , distrust towards the eu is likely to increase . 
   you were just now arguing that there should be a legal basis for it , with treaty change . 
  effectively , you are arguing for a repatriation of powers , cameron-style . 
  well , not really , but allow me to make the following clear : using the voluntary exit mechanism that the treaties allow does not result in a change of the relationship between the other member states and the eu . 
  greece would 've cut itself free - and thus have repatriated its powers - but only by * leaving * the eu . 
  the nature of the relationship between the eu and other member states therefore does not change . 
   however , treaty obligations change with negotiations . 
  i take it you mean here : after treaty change ? 
  negotiations do not free the uk from its current obligations , although i am sure you meant the former . 
   it is n't foolish to give in to the people , the government are meant to serve the people , not the other way round . 
  the people of the uk want a referendum on eu membership . 
  as you know , we just had a referendum in scotland , which was a triumph of democracy this is probably one of the oldest discussions with regard to democracy . 
  as long as you will not recognize that the people in majority are way too flawed to decide on important matters , it is not worth discussing . 
  maybe it is important to standby churchill his words here : ` the best argument against democracy is a 5 minute conversation with the average voter ' . 
  whether you disagree to it or not - out of principal or emotional reasons - it is very true nevertheless !, 
  over the past few years i looked upon referendums as a standard tool to ` upgrade ' our present day democracies , but nowadays i have become very reluctant about embracing it as an instrument . 
  in practice , referendums shift the decision that is to be made to the media , as they will provide people with vital information regarding what to pick . 
  that also means : the media choose to omit which information they consider ` unimportant ' or twisting crucial other information that is open to a bit of interpretation . 
  the scottish referendum was a triumph of democracy ? 
  maybe , but to be honest the scottish people probably choose for security and predictability , compared to going down the route of an uncertain future . 
  about triumphs of democracy : the greek referendum of last sunday showed the opposite . 
  the people have spoken ( sort of ) , but have set their country on a course to chaos . 
  tsipras apparantly felt empowered by it enough to make the todays statements of no longer wanting to hold on to austerity !, 
  i think referendums should be restricted to matters of human rights plus some other well defined regions of law - and should certainly * not * extend to financial obligations for example . 
  in the latter case people will only vote out of pure self-interest , instead of having the best interests of the country at heart . 
  a ruler can go against the people and still serve the people , if the choice he made was the best one for the entire nation .
