  european members of the fifa should clearly withdraw from that organisation as it has been forever tarnished . 
  as if anyone could hold a credible world cup without the major european powers like france , germany , italy , etc. 
  i actually did n't even want to respond to this , but the highly adversarial nature of this comment forces me to make a few things clear . 
   this is classic . 
  in my view let me tell you about how people in another country are . 
  the ` in my view ' part was added to make clear that it is an opinion - and therefore not a fact . 
  because it is my perception that the good vs evil narrative is simply * that much more * popular in the us then over here . 
  i really seldomly hear it being used in the netherlands or the countries directly surrounding hours , in contrast to the overuse of one of its components - that being ` evil ' - in american sources . 
  the most obvious example that springs to mind is any random american documentary regarding ww2 . 
  the overuse of ` evil ' to describe germany has in itself become a clich\u00e9 . 
   what does this even mean ? 
  since you 're an expert on the thousands of schools districts in the us can you compare and contrast ? 
  honestly , i consider this extremely lazy as well . 
  you create an impossible hurdle to prove you are ` right ' when referring to the thousands of school districts in the us . 
  it is rather easy for me to say that you do not know the contents of all those districts as well , now is n't it ? 
  do you notice my tone there ? 
  i could do that in each and every comment here , but in the end it solves nothing . 
  to give a random example : i did n't even get nearly as emotional like you are here when rick santorum suggested that we euthanize our elderly just to get rid of them . 
  i could very well be wrong , as my assertion is based on my own personal and highly subjective experiences . 
  i can assure you however that i am not someone that dislikes or even hates the us . 
  that does not in any way prevent me from posting what i think - nor will it lead to self-censorship from my part . 
  be constructive and debunk my view as rubbish if you will . 
   even though this has not been restricted to the us alone . 
  there you go . 
  well maybe we are : it is difficult to say whether we are as it requires knowledge of history curriculums of just about every european country out there . 
  but for example : i think close to 70 % of all subjects taught to me during history class in the past had to do with other nations . 
  the french revolution , the industrial revolution , the french-german war , the crimean war , the american revolution , the first world war ( in which we did not participate as a neutral country , at least not officially ) . 
  and that is only part of it . 
  indeed , by proportion we were among the worst countries for jews to live in . 
  short term gain prevailed over morality for some dutch citizens in those days and that will always remain a black page in our history . 
  even those dreams have been annexed by the ussr . 
  the good vs evil narrative is mostly an american history lesson in my view , even though this has not been restricted to the us alone . 
  over here - at least when i was still a kid - history lessons regarding ww2 were rather unbiased , save the part about the dutch resistance . 
  it is as / u/idarterto stated : if you want to judge each nation that participated in ww2 , you 'll have to conclude that almost all of them were ` wrong ' . 
  of course , there are various gradients of ` wrong ' , with nazi germany and the ussr probably on top of the list . 
  the dutch also mistreated collaborators ( including those being merely suspected of collaboration ) after the war , by locking them up in makeshift camps and even in former concentration camps . 
  edit : for the persons asking why i called it mostly an american narrative : this was not part of the regular ` us ' bashing you encounter on this sub . 
  it simply is my experience that the good/evil narrative is much more often utilized in the us than in mainland europe ( ! ), 
  take the axis of evil for example , the ` evil ' empire , etc. 
  as i said before , the us are not alone in this though . 
  the groundwork for the fall of religious dogmatism was created in the late renaissance , even though it would be finished only well into the enlightenment period . 
  i do . 
  the renaissance marks the rediscovery of many ancient greek and roman texts - and indeed the reassertion of reason . 
  but you are completely right in saying that the renaissance was no secular period  . 
  as much as i dislike this ngo-law , i can not help but notice that ` we ' too created this mess . 
  the constant hammering on russia to change or abolish certain internal laws and practices likely has contributed to this nationalist reflex , with russia closing itself off as a result . 
  principles are good and all , but not when they * cause * the opposite of what they aspire to reach . 
  one could ask himself if gays in russia for example have seen their position worsen as a result of pressure from governments as well as ngo 's . 
  just asking questions here . 
  this situation is obviously beneficial to no one . 
  edit : and there 's the first downvote already !, 
  seems like asking questions about the strategy used by our governments and ngo 's over the past decade is ` not done ' . 
  obviously there are more obstacles than the constitution , yet i only look at it from a legal point of a view . 
  for me amending the irish constitution at this point means opening the legal possibility for a highly inexperienced and above all , rather young , president . 
  this amendment would make that possible , where it is obviously impossible now . 
  do not underestimate the importance of the legal context . 
  i perfectly understand what you are making clear here , but this would actually be a step in that direction no matter how you turn it . 
  i only just found out about the second referendum . 
  i surely hope the second referendum fails , as the possibility of a 21-year old president is a bit * too ridiculous * in my view . 
  it is probably born out of the idea that career politicians ( i.e. , people that have done nothing else in their life besides occupying public offices ) should be normal , instead of a major exception . 
  thirty five is an excellent threshold . 
  taking into account that integration has horribly failed here , assimilation remains as the only alternative at this point . 
  there is nothing wrong in asking people to embrace the culture of their current home nation , including its traditions and views . 
  i have no problem at all in saying that burqas do not belong in the street view of a western country . 
  where 's the noose around tsipras his neck ? 
  would 've expected something like that . 
  true . 
  development of military weaponry will go on in all categories , and there will always be an arms race vs next generations fighter planes and next generation aa weaponry . 
  as it stands now , next generation fighters seem rather untouchable though . 
  i agree that we should encourage assimilation as much as possible . 
  but supporting total religious freedom equals giving carte blanche to possible irrational arguments in rational situations . 
  in short : a * very * bad idea , as it degrades any discussion to the personal beliefs of person x which in turn supercede any rational considerations when person x brings up religion z. 
  not to mention that total religious freedom will invariably restrict that other most sacred of freedoms , that being freedom of speech . 
  that is basically d66 its point of view and d66 once again lost a lot of respect from my side because of its response yesterday . 
  fortunately you emphasize that you are not ` against ' this proposal , but d66 seemed against on the mere fact that the group in question is very small . 
  for me this piece of legislation is preventive as well and reaffirms that burqas do not belong in our society ( even though the proposal is still too restrictive ) , let alone in the streets of any modern country . 
  there is always a fine line to be walked between the interests of the state and religious freedom and this is one of those cases . 
  those that wo n't change their minds will be fined over and over and over again until they see the light . 
  it will be made impossible to wear a burqa in certain situations , which at least will have some impact on the women wearing them - and the men forcing their women to do so . 
  the latter should not be underestimated as rather few women wear that hidious veil out of voluntary considerations . 
  interesting , even though i thought that tanks were considered obsolete for future warfare . 
  i can remember some military studies that claimed tanks were outdated due to present day airpower . 
  i guess that no longer applies if germany is keen on developing a new mbt . 
  come on , do n't dodge / u/cbr777 his point . 
  you know what he wanted to make clear : some british folks apparantly only want the advantages that the eu has to offer , while getting rid of the downsides . 
  apparantly swarms of people do n't understand that this is a pipedream that will not become reality . 
  the so called ` freedoms ' can be considered the crown jewels of the eu , and do n't for a single second think that all member states would agree to making an exception just for britain . 
  it simply will not happen - as this article again shows . 
  david will probably return from brussels with some minor victory - which he presents as a major victory - only to be effectively back at square one . 
  because opt-outs lead to more opt-outs which in the mid and longterm lead to the crumbling of the entire structure . 
  opt-outs can become a virulent disease if allowed to spread without opposition . 
  cameron will come back empty handed - again - as has happened before . 
  and that 's a good thing : there is no way in hell that the crown jewels of the eu ( the several ` freedoms ' in the treaties ) will not apply to the uk . 
  i really doubt that : legislative drafts will still be created by professionals if binding referendums ever become a thing here , even though a draft proposal might indeed be fundamentally flawed . 
  the best way to curtail this downside is to set a strengthened majority for any referendum , as well as a quotum . 
  for example : a referendum that resulted in a ` yes ' vote would only result in new law ( or repealing existing laws ) if 40 or 50 % of all people eligible to vote would show up , and if 65 % or more voted yes . 
  also , one could consider that people are not allowed to voted on matters that are compromised almost wholly of a financial nature . 
  whatever it is , strenghtened majorities and quota are the best way to prevent the ` dictatorship of the majority ' . 
  at the end of the day no single system will be perfect , but this will bring us a lot closer to true democracy . 
  because as it is now , as we 've seen multiple times in the past , our representatives can bring laws into existence that go completely against the will of the public ( with sometimes as many as 80 % of people disapproving ) .
