  normally , i never fail to recognize humor ( especially when sarcasm is being used ) but what was the joke actually ? 
  i fail to grasp the link between child labour in switzerland and adults from the uk , sweden and france . 
  did the clue revolve around the ` poor ' workers part ? 
  if you do n't spend less than 2 % , you ca n't be a modern day european pacifist . 
  italy , the netherlands , germany , portugal , spain , all of these countries are well below the required [ norm ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union#the_table ) . 
  you did n't deep fry those jumbo bars ? 
  children as well ? 
  do n't worry : i do n't believe in evil . 
  i sometimes use the notion of evil to describe something getting close to it though . 
  stalin affected the lives of millions and therefore history should not have any reservations on judging him . 
  it indeed might seem ` moralistic ' that we have this habit of lecturing the russians on a multitude of subjects , but if we indeed see signs of stalin his crimes being rationalized away it is not wrong to remind the russians of the millions of their own compatriots that suffered at the hands of joseph stalin . 
  there are multiple ways to come into terms with ones history : rejecting it is certainly one of the options . 
  although in the end i do agree that the russians must come into terms with it themselves . 
  must people however , here in the western world , have pretty much formed their opinion when it comes down to this man . 
  maybe that is easy , since he indeed was not our leader , but for the sake of posterity it is best that there is a clear opinion on a certain important person , especially when there is criminal conduct involved . 
  was n't it also putin that said that russians should not be so ashamed of their own history ? 
  but indeed you are right : putin has also criticized stalin , but i wonder if there are still critical paragraphs to be found about stalin in school textbooks . 
  and to praise someone for killing millions of people that died during his insane rule , simply because his leadership in ww2 ` balanced ' this to a positive number of human lives ( lives saved that is ) is just too much for me . 
  that is * if * stalin his rule was necessary for russia to survive in ww2 . 
  ehm , just for the record , we did n't have practices that come close to what is described in the article . 
  the number of 800 is spread out over many years , with most of the abuse taking place in the 50 's till 70 's . 
  not tens of thousands , hell no . 
  it might sound bizarre , but what is preferable in terms of loss of life ? 
  allowing genocide or intervening in the internal affairs of another nation , which , by doing so , might result in further carnage ? 
  if you are getting on your toes now : easy . 
  i feel the moral dilemma as well and i do believe that the international community does have a limited responsiblity to protect . 
  problem is that this responsibility has been used at random and in conjunction with geopolitical goals . 
  as long as there is no independent enforcer of international law , this long lasting argument will go on into the distant future . 
  it remains difficult , i do concur on that though . 
  for what is it is worth : with regard to food banks we are seeing * the same pattern * over here on the other side of the north sea . 
  the number of food banks has grown immensely over the years , and never before in recent history did so many people had to live off such organisations . 
  which does makes me ask the following : why are so many people , over here and in the uk - both being nations with extensive social security - still forced to visit food banks ? 
  i am not asking for paradise for the unemployed , but if i see that for example rent can be as much as 70 % of someone 's income over here then i do understand that people do not have that much money left to buy food . 
  food that , especially with regard to healthy food and meat , is getting more expensive each and every year . 
  there should be a discreet balance between helping on one side and offering chances on the other . 
  maybe some britons can tell me * if * it is * possible * that the system of social security in the uk can lead to situations as we see in this article ? 
  let us just refrain from talking about the number of people enjoying state benefits or the cost : that is another discussion . 
  ridiculing and criticizing are two different things ; let that be clear . 
  there has been extensive criticism on the us regarding the two wars in afghanistan and iraq . 
  criticism that , in the end , has proven to be more than simply reasonable . 
  do n't forget that both of those wars were illegal and in the end thousands of american soldiers died for absolutely nothing . 
  the same goes for the hundreds of european soldiers that died as well , whether that was under the flag of isaf or otherwise . 
  i like to think that the ` interventions ' in iraq and afghanistan actually brought something that important that it can compensate for the staggering deathtoll of both wars ; a deathtoll that is in excess of 200.000 people by now , mostly civilians . 
  now let me immediatly emphasize that almost none of those civilians died at the hands of american bullets , but as a result of tipping over the status quo . 
  but in my view there is no single set of advantages that can level out the playing field here . 
  that is basically what a large part of the criticism is about : both wars were illegal , and in the end nothing of great importance was achieved . 
  for a time there was this illusion of ` bringing democracy ' , but we have all seen how that played out by now : democracy can not be simply imposed in a timeframe of 10 years . 
  it 's all in the past now though , and european nations ( including those that were highly critical of the us ) should carry on their bilateral relationships with the us . 
  that includes supporting nato by adverting enough budgetary space towards defence . 
  thankfully they do : in that regard the shortsighted idiots that are in power over here still got a lot to learn . 
  investing in the military is the best insurance for maintaining the continuity of a state . 
  really though , if an attack would happen the us would have a priority list of countries that would receive military aid first . 
  the us does not have the means to save the entire world , nor should we expect so . 
  europe can better let go of its guardian and stand on its own two feet in terms of defence . 
  those russian conscripts might not be trained to the same level as professional soldiers over here , but when professional soldiers start dying by the thousands those reserve forces will really come in handy . 
  pacta sunt servanda , hence it is not possible to do such a thing . 
  or switzerland would pull out of numerous important international treaties , which will not be to the benefit of the nation . 
  manpower as in soldiers and a trained citizen militia . 
  let us just call those two combined the ` military populace ' . 
  the uk and france combined do not have enough forces ( not by a longshot ) to rival russia during open conflict . 
  both the uk and france would need a lot of technological leverage to force a stalemate in the long run . 
  i do n't think they will be forced to fight russia alone ( nato obviously ) , although / u/atheistmil suggested that france and the uk might be able to take on russia . 
  but i 'm not talking about the eu in particular , i 'm talking about ( indeed ) mostly bilateral moves by european nations , most of which happen to be part of the eu . 
  therefore i believe that this in the end will result in further integration on an eu level . 
  although you raise a valid point : this type of ` integration ' has been going on for what ? 
  50 years already ? 
  so it is unclear whether it will happen at all without any accelerating factors . 
  you misread my statement , as you assume that i do not know the current statistics . 
  what i am getting at , and * this * is important , is that many people might have misread the following question :  what do you think the life expectancy will be of a child born in 2014 ? 
  life expectancy according to current standards ( as you are showing here ) , or life expectancy by taking into account the continued growth of it ? 
  not concrete plans to merge it all into one , as it is completely clear at this point that it is still too sensitive . 
  what i do have noticed is increased military cooperation among some western european nations . 
  some politicians over here even proposed merging our airforce with the airforces of other allied nations . 
  increased military cooperation is a first , necessary step . 
  all that matters is that even suggesting to combine forces is no longer considered taboo . 
  let 's wait and see what the future brings . 
  there are some questions in there that are really conflicting or difficult to answer : take the first one for example : you ask people to guess the average life expectancy of children born nowadays . 
  problem is that many people * know * that life expectancy is on the rise for many years already , so many of them might even be right . 
  i would n't be surprised if the newborn generation will be able to become immortal , if the current developments in medicine keep up . 
  then there 's the issue of asking how many people in a given country are either muslim or christian . 
  something that is extremely difficult to answer as well , as many people identify with a certain religious denomination but do n't consider themselves completely part of it . 
  this really is fucked up ; i ca n't phrase it otherwise . 
  the entire policy explained in the article comes close to the notion of evil . 
  i believe you really underestimate the * combined * power of the larger european states . 
  sure , the equipment of a few member states might be outdated , but the larger ones in western europe , scandinavia as well as member states like italy together really pack a punch . 
  do n't forget that russia still very much relies on manpower and obsolete technology . 
  european nations can match russian manpower and will trash any russian attack by superior technology . 
  but you are right that at this point there is not really an eu military , although it has become more of an option over the past few years . 
  there is a reason why there have been made provisions for that in the treaties and even if the treaties wont suffice , there will still be the option of working this out outside of the frame of the eu . 
  do n't get your hopes up though : france and britain will only be able to hold off russia for a while . 
  in the end it is a lost battle to both , as they lack the resources to keep up an armed conflict against such a large state . 
  come on , there must be some italian here that can remind me of berlusconi his wittyness  . 
  there must be some funnyhat in italian politics, 
   i think it 's clear where this is going . 
  this is where it will probably [ end ] ( http://barqamaal.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/erdogan.jpg ) . 
  there are enough provisions in the treaties to integrate defence forces into one eu military . 
  a subject that is no longer taboo since russia started knocking on the doors of europe again . 
  nato its tasks in europe will be taken over by the eu in the not so distant future . 
  another step back for turkey . 
  leaders that start building palaces reminds me of megalomania , but this is part of erdogan his image : he has to show he is this mighty leader that stands out in history .
