  although it will not matter : merkel has shown to remain steadfast in her approach regarding immigration and is completely convinced of being right . 
  this afd victory relative to the cdu will not change that . 
  why do i have this feeling you did not read the article ? 
  edit : multiple people here seem to assume merkel said ` sorry for our welcome policy ' or something along those alines , while that is clearly not stated in the article . 
  it should be obvious to anyone that took the effort to read it , few as their numbers might be in these kinds of topics . 
   what i find interesting about this is that the eu is overrulling the tax code of ireland , and invalidating irish tax code , ex post facto . 
  apple is not being charged additional tax moving forward , but is being told to pay what would have been owed if the irish tax provisions had never existed . 
   this raises an interesting legal precedent , when a country is no longer in the position of being able to set its own tax rates and policy , and corporations operating in that country have to account for the risk of future changes to the tax code being applied retroactively . 
  this is arguably the most important part . 
  our differences aside , if you take a look at the treaties , the eu does not have any competence in the field of corporate taxes . 
  this ruling seems to ignore that part by just clinching to the fact that ireland ignored the provisions with respect to ( illegal ) state aid . 
  arguably , the eu has after today significantly extended its powers which * will * lead to turmoil in the months and years ahead . 
  taxation is one of the core tasks of any government . 
  one could maybe even say that the ability to raise taxes are a defining factor for sovereignty in itself . 
  at the same time , adjusting the treaties will likely not lead to any changes , as i imagine several countries ( including my own ) will consistently sabotage and/or veto any negotiations on the subject . 
  maybe it 's for the best the commission chooses this option , as the ecj is not really known for its pro-member state rulings ( that is , if you look at its track record ) . 
   the morality of paying taxes ? 
  moral fraud ? 
  what you 're doing here is putting forth a very hartian point of view on law and morality and in general . 
  in short : if it is n't illegal , it 's good . 
  it 's position i reject , as i do not believe that the legal reality should be completely disconnected from what is right or wrong . 
  being a legal scholar myself i perfectly understand what ` fraud ' means , yet at the same time have no difficulty in analogically imposing the same terminology on something that not only feels the same , but is in essence the same thing . 
  the methods used are different , the end result is pretty much the same : denying the government of country x the taxes company y is due , no matter the position of the government of country x in the first place . 
  ireland knows 12,5 % corporate tax . 
  apple paid 0,005 % instead of 12,5 % . 
  that 's the most basic , decisive argument for me in calling this downright tax fraud - with the obvious disclaimer it is n't fraud under the provisions set forth in the law . 
   so , a government that passes inconsistent tax laws is commiting fraud ? 
  an interesting , although unworkable , view . 
  but did it really ? 
  i am aware of the attitude of the irish government , yet let us not kid ourselves here : the tax rate for apple was 12,5 % . 
  by artificial means it was lowered to 0,005 % , no matter whether the irish government was ok with that or not . 
  also , i 'd like to point out that european law trumps national law . 
  as you seem to be making references to the rule of law and legal security , it 's good to point out that european rules and regulations regarding ( illegal ) state aid were not lived up to . 
  though i will concede the european commission is * rather late * with concluding that is the case , yet it also had to deal with the political reality of the past . 
  it seems those times might finally be over . 
  i sincerely hope my country is next : the netherlands plays an equally dubious role in this international scheme , as hundreds of multinationals * use * this country and its vast treaty network to avoid taxes . 
  maybe , just maybe , this will come to end . 
  let 's hope we 'll follow suit quickly enough . 
  rest assured that i make no distinction in that sense , nor should you assume i would given the dutch flair before my name . 
  in a moral sense , any legal construct that goes against object and purpose of the fiscal legislation involved is indeed fraud in my eyes . 
  not legally , but certainly morally . 
  it 's all in the eye of the beholder , let 's keep it at that . 
  i will not defend a taxrate of 0,005 % , nor should any average middle class person here . 
  all involved , as they faciltate unequal treatment and unfair competition . 
  the simple fact it * was * legal does n't make it stand any moral test . 
  it 's just another variant of fraud , albeit in a legal jacket . 
  i share that annoyance and i reckon there 's little difference between portugese citizens and people over here in that sense . 
  it 's really shameful to see what the netherlands it 's role is in this global scheme ( as much as 1/10th of the global bnp is sluiced through the netherlands on a yearly basis ) and how shortsighted it all is . 
  the race to the bottom must stop , to guarantee normal and fair taxation as well as to prevent unfair competition . 
  let 's hope this is the start . 
  the entire edifice could crumble from this moment onwards . 
  it should , yet that is not possible under current eu legislation . 
  although we should also not forget that ireland is still suffering from a heavy government debt , so i ca n't really mind about the 13 billion it will ( reluctantly apparantly ?!?! ), 
  keep after this ordeal is over . 
  this is a good day . 
  may hundreds of other multinationals follow suit . 
  indeed , at the * detriment * of other nations . 
  there 's a reason why taxation exists , and companies like apple that engage in these disgusting practices should be exposed for the scum they are . 
  the same goes for the irish state and my own country , that facilitates similar shameful methods . 
  these things cause inequality and overall go against the aim and purpose of the law . 
  and that purpose certainly was n't 0,005 % taxation . 
  loopholes can be closed with sufficient effort . 
  this is one of the first steps in making that a reality . 
  the current fiscal legislation in several countries has been weakened by lobbying done by multinational enterprises : let us not forget that fact . 
  everyone should support the eu on this matter : it 's an important first step in breaking down dubious tax evasion constructions . 
  european cooperation will be necessary to finally end these practices and the damage it causes to states all over the world . 
  i for one am glad there 's finally real movement in this field , after years of making little to no progress . 
  excellent work . 
  let 's hope the appeal will utterly fail . 
  the 2000 's called : they want their joke back . 
  that indeed is the question here : probably to some path that completely infringes on the most basic of human rights . 
  you could reasonably say that will lead us sooner into the abyss than just accepting the status quo . 
  i wonder what there is to * gain * by banning this piece of clothing . 
  what are the concrete advantages of doing so - and how is this in the public interest ? 
  this went beyond simply disapproving : it was a legal measure at the local level to change certain behavior , enforced by the local police . 
  ask yourself whether this is really necessary and not contradictory to other things we consider to be basic rights in nearly all european nations . 
   you know isis are not beyond using women in burkas to conceal bombs and weapons , they regularly dress up in them when they need to escape a battle they lost in iraq still , what precedent has there been in europe in that sense ? 
  has a woman wearing a burkini ever blown herself up here ? 
  is it reasonable to stigmatize everyone that decides to wear that thing ? 
  and once again : if you could go around and dress like a ninja , why should n't you be able to wear a burkini ? 
  in practice it could be very difficult to draw the line between legal and illegal behavior here . 
  also : be very careful about comparing the burqa ( which makes someone completely unrecognizable ) with the burkini . 
  it 's not like one of them is the ` water version ' of the regular thing . 
  in short i do n't think there 's that much to fear , nor should we try to push our ideas on these people . 
  it 's a weird sight , but let 's just disapprove and stop there . 
   how would you express your `` disapproval '' ? 
  probably by shaking my head at the sight of someone wearing it or treating that person with a mild neglect . 
  i figure a lot of people would do that regardless of the legal status of that piece of clothing . 
  smart choice , given that it came down to banning certain ideas in practice . 
  safety and other relevant important factors were n't involved as well , making this ban a bad idea . 
  i would still disapprove of seeing a woman wearing one in public , but that 's where it should * end * . 
  with disapproval . 
   at the same time however i ca n't help but feel too strongly about religions in general - not against particular worshippers or believers - just against the religion itself and its symbols . 
  which is of course ok !, 
  needless to say though , opinions differ wildly in society with respect to such things . 
  why should we take some kind of unilateral action against it out of some perceived moral highground ? 
  i can imagine there might be such cases ( for example , when religion tries to impose its world views on the rest of society via legislation ) , but so far it does n't seem serious enough . 
  i used to be a kind of militant atheist , yet have grown to respect religious people a great deal more throughout the years . 
  we tend to forget that most of them are just normal , loving people that should not in any way be hurt by our own ideas . 
  as long as we can live together everything ought to be fine .
