   people will always talk like right-wingers ( like donald trump ) are fascists and left-wingers ( like bernie sanders ) are communists it fits in the tradition of all nuance disappearing in political debates all over the west . 
  polarisation and the grabbing of vague facts from the internet is what rules the day nowadays , not the actual revealing of truth . 
  there 's a handful of comments in this thread again that prove that much , although other people 's contributions fortunately also testify to the opposite . 
  at this point i am relatively sure this misinformed , quick-to-draw-conclusions attitude on both the left and right will lead to a war ( started by an elected , shallow leader ) in a couple years/generations times . 
  a necessary one to bring people back on their feet and confront them with their stupidity , but tragic still . 
  relevant username . 
  shots fired !, 
  apparantly the plane was on airport zaventem 2 days before the crash . 
  could be a total coincidence of course , but since everyone will be speculating at this point i think i should add this . 
  zaventem was in the news recently , do you all remember ? 
  it was the airport near brussels where the bombs went off in the departure hall - and the one that afterwards turned out to be really troubled in terms of security . 
  people with a doubtworthy history working there ( i.e , people that have been convicted for stuff ) , etc. 
  was just one of the problems that were revealed afterwards . 
   right wingers  nazi 's rising again all over europe both do n't equal one another , just for clarity sake . 
  i know it 's a popular thing in certain uninformed circles to equate the right wing , including the moderate right ( just like there is something like a moderate left ) , to fascism , but damn this is getting old . 
  even in topics like these you just have to bring it up . 
  why ? 
  what 's the link here ? 
  that 's actually how wolves greet each other , and humans that interact with them have to do the same for bonding . 
  that may also apply on hybrids in turn . 
  we know . 
  it 's ok . 
  well , you tried hard to avoid just about everything i said . 
  you adressed exactly 0,0 % of it , and suddenly start some kind of rant about islam and how it inevitably will destroy western society ( or something along those lines ) . 
  yeah , i think we 're done here , as you 're not interested in discourse . 
  they succeed when fear works : the basic goal of terrorism in the end is to sow fear . 
  each time the media plays along with this game and keeps updating people with liveblogs and extended coverage of the event , people grow more scared because of it . 
  the media got a responsibility here which is : not covering up what happened ( obviously ) , but at the same time avoiding to pump people full with fear . 
  i 've observed over the past years that the media is mostly doing the latter : extended coverage , often for days , which just highlights the ` success ' of the terrorists that do such things . 
  it needs to end . 
  i was waiting for someone to attempt to get some senseless political gain out of this while the bodies of the victims are still warm . 
  seems like you have to be ` that guy ' . 
  well , this got all the hallmarks of a terror attack . 
  but lets wait for the investigation that will follow after this misery . 
  a sad day for russia , but that 's just about all that needs to be said about this . 
  because if this indeed indeed is a terror attack , the media should n't play the fear card * again * and start giving live updates about it all day long - as that is how terrorism actually succeeds . 
  that does n't take away it 's sad that people died though . 
  i 'd like to underline that part : innocent people were once again butchered for some totalitarian idea . 
  if i would be forced to live in one of those regions , it 'd be in the rueda region . 
  verdejo all the way . 
  it will always be arbitrary . 
  but taking into account the morals of the people around me and the way campaigning and diplomacy is done here , this would not be seen as ` normal ' over here . 
  not by a longshot . 
  case in point : term limits , which can be found in by far most democracies across the globe . 
  that is no coincidence . 
  very probable . 
  terrorists really love symbolism in their attacks . 
  likely still a loner though , but i guess we 'll get the first results about the identity of the perpetrator ( s ) in the next 24 hours . 
  maybe . 
  maybe power just brings out the worst in people , instead of creating it . 
  but even then one could speak of corruption in my view . 
  speaking of erdogan , this is one of the reasons he was convicted at the end of the 90 's :  `` the mosques are our barracks , the domes our helmets , the minarets our bayonets and the faithful our soldiers ... '', 
  i think the us and south korea will highly likely intercept any nukes coming from north korea . 
  from my point of view , liberating that place is better than allowing the status quo to continue . 
  the latter will claim ( many ) more lives over an extended period of time . 
  it is also unlikely tens of millions will die : it will rather be hundreds of thousands . 
  that seems like a fair bargain seeing what 's going on in that country . 
  north korea has likely not been invaded so far because of its close proximity to china , that might interpret it the wrong way . 
   `` if europe continues this way , no european in any part of the world can walk safely on the streets . 
  we , as turkey , call on europe to respect human rights and democracy , '' the man is clearly off his rocker . 
  it might be campaign time in turkey , but this kind of thing is miles apart of whatever we consider to be even remotely ` acceptable ' during campaign times . 
  erdogan is a true case study of how ( nearly unlimited ) power can corrupt a person . 
  could anyone give me a short summary of the major differences between cdu/csu and the spd ? 
  what will the elections be primarily about ? 
  a gamble about who 's going to win is also welcome by the way . 
  we are in full agreement . 
  this seems most likely . 
  you are always welcome to visit  . 
   how did captain peroxyde performe so badly ? 
  other dutch redditors wrote that their ( the pvv ) support always erodes during the election , but they still performed way worse than i anticipated . 
  the pvv is a protest vote , that 's one thing . 
  second : the entire turkey-netherlands row benefitted rutte 's vvd . 
  third : the pvv 's program is literally one a4 sheet ( i 'm not joking here !, 
  ) , which made that party not acceptable to many more serious voters i reckon . 
  the monarchy wo n't be an important part of negotiations ( it 's more of an ideological point at best ) , and d66 and cda are closer to one another than cda and groenlinks . 
  d66 wo n't be much of a problem ( though negotiations will be tough ) , but the fourth faction will prove to be difficult . 
  they are quite similar on a range of subjects . 
  about the cda : they 're christian democrats , but the ` c ' in their name is pretty much without meaning . 
  they tend to be more progressive on certain social topics , yet more conservative on others . 
  overall though , it 's more of a center-right party , whereas the vvd is clearly right wing . 
  whatever happens : vvd , cda and d66 will be part of any coalition . 
  there might be some four party options available , but they 're all unlikely . 
  there is a vvd , cda , d66 and pvda coalition imaginable ( which can count on a majority in the first chamber as well ) , but honestly : i do n't think the pvda will become part of the next government . 
  it will likely enter a period of intense reorganisation and stay out of the next government , yet we ca n't be sure !, 
  vvd , cda , d66 and groenlinks is unlikely as well : groenlinks and vvd are really opposite to one another . 
  still , this variant will also have a majority in the first chamber . 
  in my opinion , these two are most likely so far . 
  but i do n't expect to see a new government before early june . 
  negotiations will be tough . 
  no , but that party basically functions as a mouthpiece for the ak led government in turkey . 
  that 's the part what worries me the most really , even though we should not ignore the fact that quite a few nationalist turks will have voted denk today . 
  but as you correctly put it : they are n't the only ones . 
  no , but if you look at the gap with the numbers two , three and four the vvd did win by a large margin . 
  but you 're right to remark on the fact the vvd lost seats as well . 
  i 'll translate my comment above . 
  indeed , it makes it a bit easier for other people reading . 
  technically he still ` won ' with respect to the previous elections , but taking into account he was polling around 35 seats some time back he was taken for a fool by a large part of his prospective electorate . 
  in that light this is more of a loss for the pvv instead of a win . 
  absolutely , yet we did n't observe this a while back . 
  back then it was only vnl that was anywhere close to one seat , whereas fvd mostly did n't poll around that number .
