  basically they have to have an adres over here in the netherlands and hire one secretary or something . 
  that might be a bit too simple of an explanation , but the famous ` brievenbusfirma 's ' in essence come down to such madness . 
  i believe there is an office building somewhere in the netherlands where like 10.000 foreign companies are vested . 
  in * one * building . 
  can you believe it ? 
  well , it was more about the 10 year part  . 
  maybe podemos will actually get into government . 
  but here are some issues connected to this : 1 ) if podemos becomes the largest party , they will probably be forced to become part of a coalition , and as such will be weakened ; 2 ) maybe podemos simply remains a powerless opposition party that will get shunned by other parties . 
  people do n't like parties that are powerless , so in the run podemos will loose in such a scenario ; 3 ) even if podemos manages to become part of the government for one term , it will unlikely remain long enough to completely change spain . 
  i am not saying it is impossible , but they will likely not leave a lasting impression on the spanish state . 
  even if they do , they will become part of the establishment , once again strenghtening particracy . 
  it becomes a problem whenever foreign profits , not generated on irish soil , are being pipelined through ireland in order to optimally profit from irish tax law . 
  basically , these types of constructions tend to result in potential tax money leaking away from other states , and therefore it is not beneficial to the finances of that other state . 
  i will just be plain : i really loathe the policies employed by ireland , luxemburg and the netherlands . 
  it makes capital ever more illusive and paying taxes is the duty of every company out there . 
  evading taxes in my view is a moral evil that needs to put down once and for all and in that sense , i hope that the eu in the future can end this nonsense on a union level . 
  as long as countries remain divided on these kind of subjects , tax evasion will remain an issue that effects the well being of states . 
  there has to be cooperation to end it , as this is no normal kind of ` competition ' . 
  foreign companies are being actively motivated to frustrate taxation at home by such practices . 
  also when it comes down to corporation tax . 
  after having studied tax law in the past , i can kind of confirm that our vast network of treaties with other countries makes it very easy to ` pipeline ' profits through the netherlands , while taking optimal advantage of various national laws regarding taxation . 
  i believe that most multinationals in the netherlands pay somewhere between 0 and 6 % corporations tax . 
  instead of the 25 % that is usually the case . 
  do n't worry , i do not share his repressive views . 
  nor any ideas of marxism or other scary kinds of governance . 
  basically , my entire proposal boils down to shortening the list of potential candidates . 
  i believe i have defended that adequately so far , although everyone can disagree with me ( and a lot of people do  ) . 
  well , the uk is a bad example as it : 1 ) is positioned outside of the european mainland , and therefore was difficult to invade ; 2 ) was highly centralised , as one of the first nations in the world . 
  3 ) most importantly : was an absolute kingdom until the glorious revolution in the 17th century . 
  many empires stayed stable for long periods of the time . 
  the russian empire , the japanese empire and the most prime example of course being the chinese empire ( which persisted for about 2000 years ! ) . 
  we just can not yet conclude that democracy is indeed the ` final form ' of government , not by a longshot . 
  also , i wonder if machiavelli will be right with his theory about the cycles of governments . 
  alright , how long has germany been ruled by cdu/csu by now ? 
  or the spd in that regard . 
  really now , you could be a lot more critical about the current and past political situation in germany . 
  the point is , they do * tend * to stay . 
  where certain factions stay in positions of power , it will result in centralisation of power . 
  but that is not my point . 
  you neglect to see that a particracy is a closed system that does not allow other parties to stay in general . 
  if they are allowed to stay , they will be kept out of real power during their time in parliament . 
  also , you should read some of my other responses . 
  the simple fact that iceland - far from a perfect democracy in the past which kind of invalidates the comparison - managed to persist for so long does not mean that the ancient regime for example was less efficient . 
  it managed to stay in power for about the same period of time . 
  democracy is weak , as it inherently leads to fractionalisation of politics . 
  that is good in many ways , as everyone will have a say in what should happen . 
  the bad part is that you have just , by accepting that system , given the stage to every idiot that is n't worth listening to . 
  the type of system that you are praising here killed the weimar republic and led to the rise of fascism . 
  do n't you ever forget that the indecisiveness of democracy is one of its greatest flaws . 
  i forgive you for being endlessly devoted to democracy given germany 's history , but just bear with me when i say that it is an imperfect system that gets ever more imperfect . 
  sure , the current crisis did add to my earlier beliefs about how we are heading towards the iceberg in the long run , but it did not create those views . 
  i might have phrased it all a bit antagonistic , but this is just my view on it . 
  do n't take it personal . 
  why not call it discrimination then ? 
  in each case , for the sake of clarity : i typically avoid the word ` racism ' because there seem to be a thousand definitions of it . 
  the horror . 
  assumptions , in the absence of a functioning state of justice . 
  assumptions that are not totally unreasonable , given what happened to other criticasters of the kremlin . 
  normally i would back down pending the investigation , but i simply consider any russian investigation in such cases to be a farce . 
  you really make a good point , and in hindsight i might have reasoned a bit too much from the dutch landscape . 
  over here , everything is pretty much closely knit and a ` distant ' village is never really further away from a major city than 20 or 25 miles . 
  it really depends on the extent of urbanisation as well as the state of the infrastructure . 
  however , at the same time it might be cheaper for delivery companies to simply dump it all at the same central point in town , instead of having to drive to the other side of the mountain to get to that one address . 
  some dutch examples : the dutch prime minister studied history ( for like 10 years ) . 
  the former underminister of education , culture and science did not finish her graduate study , twice . 
  next to that , just about every minister nowadays ( save the finance minister and the minister of foreign affairs if i 'm not mistaken ) is in the wrong place by virtue of their own background . 
  also , one of the former defense ministers actually evaded his military service in the past ... 
  i wonder if the incompetence of such persons will ever endanger the state in the long run . 
  i tend to say ` yes ' , but let 's see where this will bring us . 
  ah yes , the ever independent authorities . 
  i will keep that in mind . 
  for what it 's worth : so are your thoughts . 
  as usual i 'll just reflect on what you have said , but for the sake of my own time i will call this to an end . 
  thanks for responding though : i appreciate exchanging thoughts about such subjects . 
  you for one ask the right questions ; at least you do n't make the analogy with totalitarionism . 
  degenerates might be a bit too much , but not everyone should be able to stand for public office . 
  it does cause a divide , but in the larger picture of things would that really matter ? 
  is it so unfair that someone that is unable to lead or completely comprehend what he is responsible for should be left out of the system ? 
  you of course already know my answer , but you should really ask yourself the same . 
  what should be a priority in such a situation , and here checks and balances come around , is to prevent discrimination , the pursuit of doubtworty goals and things like nepotism . 
  people would still be allowed to vote ( see my comments elsewhere ) in that situation , although the people they can vote for would be limited to some extent . 
  to make sure that the new ` rulers ' can not misuse their new position , a strong system of checks and balances ( controlled by a completely independent judiciary ) should be set in place . 
  this will make sure that there indeed will be no divide within society , while still maintaining efficient governance . 
  in my view , the power of the judiciary should even be extended in such a system to quell any breaches of the constitution and other international treaties of relevance . 
   will it be like the days of old france were the nobility were expected to represent the voice of their peasants ? 
  if i were to make a comparison , i 'd pick the good old roman republic and its plutocratic system , but i * stress * that it it would not be like it . 
  the roman republic however comes closest to what i am talking about , without all the massive drawbacks . 
   seriously ? 
  it 's still here , after what ... 2000 years ? 
  in what country exactly ? 
  i know that you probably meant whenever it came into existence , but nation states that managed to last for longer than 100 years by virtue of democracy are of a more recent nature . 
  question is whether modern western nations , that have only relatively recently introduced universal suffrage ( do n't forget that ` our ' democracies were far from the same systems as we see nowadays ) have maintained to remain stable because of it . 
  this is always taken for granted , but i consider that it should be seen in the light of economic revival and relatively continuous growth throughout the 19th and 20th century . 
   democracy has lasted much longer than any totalitarist state has . 
  the ancien regime would immediatly kill off that type of reasoning , but i take it that you are referring to modern states . 
  also , and you completely misunderstood me here , i am not asking for a totalitarian system . 
  i am asking for a more efficient system , with the right people in the right place ; something that democracy * can not provide * for in its current form . 
   it 's concerning that you look at systems of government like '' weak '' and '' strong '' . 
  i guess that my ` lack of faith ' is disturbing then , but i do n't consider democracy to be the final form of goverment as has been predicted by some other people . 
  systems of governance are ever evolving , and the same goes for ours .
