  pretty much this . 
  also , i 've noticed that many dutch people tend to overestimate their knowledge of any given language . 
  apparantly to many of them being able to give basic directions counts as being ` proficient ' in language x. i believe a number between 1 and 2 is much closer to reality . 
  did i hear someone say ` hammer down protocol ' ? 
  ah , is n't that the greatest adversary of the spanish revenue service ? 
  the one that is rumored to have evaded taxes on a grand scale ? 
  easy sanchoman . 
  this is the same type of nonsense i come across in my country . 
  if ebola was some kind of zombie-like virus of death that can be transferred to 100 people with a single sneeze , then i 'd strongly advise against doing it . 
  but until then , nationals of europe deserve the best health care in the world , especially if they are struck by something as terrible as ebola . 
  it is not as infectious as the media tend to suggest it is . 
  procedures almost surely were n't followed , otherwise this would n't have happened . 
  oh well , in politics stupidity is not a handicap , remember ? 
  i notice that you are worried and all , but please refrain from saying things like ` we , the people ' and ' 99 % ' . 
  it seriously pisses me off when a politician starts talking about ` the people ' ( how warped that notion even might be !, 
  ) , but a serious citizen should not do that as well . 
  i understand the disappointment though , and you 've made your point . 
  i 'll watch the video for my own amusement later on . 
  not boring enough . 
  the problem is that ` boring ' politics tend to be identified with ` efficiency ' , something that is far from the truth in quite a few cases , and especially over here . 
  no , we are not being ruled by some decent technocrats , but rather boring people that managed to climb up the ladder of their own political party . 
  there are much better leaders running around in the netherlands , though they refuse to be part of the snake pit called the hague . 
  quick , everyone panic !, 
  mark rutte is our prime minister . 
  tends to smile , * all the time * , even when the political situation is extremely dire . 
  moreover : his smile is his main weapon of convincing . 
  unmarried , rumored to be a gay man ( which is fine ) and pretty much fits in a line of previous dutch pm 's : unappealing as a leader , not necessarily a leader by nature but cunning . 
  ever since he became pm , he has made it standard to prevent saying anything controversial in contrast to when he was still leader of the liberal vvd in the second chamber . 
  has mysteriously turned into a royalist since his weekly visits to the palace as pm . 
  the eu should do that , not in first place because of the cowardice the french government has shown here . 
  the entire 2015 budget has once again proven to me , an outsider , that it is extremely difficult to really reform anything in france without risking massive , paralyzing strikes . 
  austerity does n't work ? 
  that could very well be the case , but make sure that we get rid of the 3 % rule together with all the european nations in a bilateral agreement . 
  not unilaterally . 
  what france is doing here , is breaking the promises of the euro plus pact , of which france is a party . 
  this is nothing less than not living up to what you agreed to . 
  of course , but only since recently . 
  and in practice , hamas still got nothing to say on the westbank . 
  the same goes for fatah with regard to the gaza strip . 
  logical , given palestine 's earlier ` upgrade ' to un non-member observer state . 
  acknowledgement by other states will follow , though gradually . 
  though it would be best to only acknowledge the palestinian regions on the west bank , and leave the gaza strip out of the equation as long as hamas rules that place . 
  i concur with most of what you said , though the current ` gas war ' seems to be less effective than the one russia waged back in 2006 . 
  europe was really divided back then , but that is not my impression as of 2014 . 
  also , history is littered with examples of loosely organised entities that - under the right conditions - were forced to unite even though they did n't wanted to do so . 
  there is no problem so far and there * likely * will be no problem for eu member states . 
  it goes without saying that the eu learned from the previous crisis , especially when it comes down to russia 's bullying comments in 2006 about how ` weak the eu is ' . 
  there have been some attempts , i believe almost exclusively by the far right , to introduce some kind of ` loyalty ' question with regard to people with double nationalities . 
  though i believe there 's only party that actually wants to make people renounce their double nationality , the far-right pvv . 
  i believe that the vast majority of political parties in dutch parliament oppose such ideas and consider it a non-discussion . 
  but there are attempts to make sure that the ` public ' does care about double nationalities . 
  not a major threat , but efforts are being made to do so even though with little if no success so far . 
  a bad thing , as it is unlikely that the current situation in russia will reverse without its intellectual elite . 
  those that remain behind will likely be followers , instead of reformers . 
  although i ca n't really blame them for choosing their life above anything else . 
  we have the same model , but i do n't believe you 'll be able to turn the unions in france given how they 've acted for so long already . 
  might have phrased it incorrectly there , but it was referring to an austerity package that actually * really * hurts the people . 
  the same still applies : whenever the french try some real reform , suddenly hundreds of thousands of people show up to strike . 
  preferably they will cause complete traffic chaos by blocking crucial parts of the infrastructure or use other methods to disrupt order . 
  tell that to argentina , which is still partly struggling with its heritage from the past . 
  but maybe the us ( or the eu in that regard ) will get a special treatment . 
  ironically that would be the realistic thing to do , as long as a deflation death spiral can be prevented . 
  the fun ends some day , might as well start today with cleaning up the mess we made . 
  as for the marginalized part : there 's just --  more and more < -- stiff competition coming from other parts of the world . 
  do n't for a minute think that the current situation without any doubt will last forever . 
  there 's a lot of uncertainty in making that assumption . 
  it might , it might not . 
  stop considering it as a given fact . 
  into their financial grave , indeed . 
  i have a question : what 's up with all these guys that believe that taking a mortgage based on difficult to predict future developments is a safe way to go ? 
  it seems so risky to just assume that the economy will keep on growing in a world where the us and the eu are being more and more marginalized by the day . 
  i hate to break it to you , but the fed has done primarily not much more than activating the printing presses . 
  and yes , it worked out ( for now ) , but the us itself is still dealing with massive financial problems . 
  if the us would lose its position as a leading economy in the world , the whole edifice will crumble immediatly . 
  anyways : we 'll see where this ends up . 
  comparing the eurozone to the us is in itself kind of impossible , given the vast differences between both regions . 
  whether this works or not , this move by hollande is yet another proof of how difficult it is to reform something in france . 
  any austerity package would likely fail because of the crippling power that trade unions can wield in france . 
  without breaking the power of these entities , france will likely fall back in the same spiral over and over again . 
  i do n't believe that will be beneficial in the long run . 
  a good thing . 
  over here we are moving in the opposite direction , using false logic by calling the ( sometimes exorbitantly ) high cost of following an education ` an investment in your own future ' . 
  of course , that 's political babbling to justify even further budget cuts . 
  it is a sign of civilization that the government and lower bodies in germany are willing to provide for free education so that everyone may have the same chances in developing themselves . 
  bless germany ( lower saxony being the last state ) for this completely normal move . 
  that influenced this situation , but i believe that the breakdown of christianity really initiated the whole thing . 
  suddenly , there was no moral set of standards anymore that was being enforced from some central entity . 
  blend that in with capitalism and high levels of consumerism and you have a cocktail for disaster . 
  of course it 's not new , that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm implying that it is not desirable . 
  there are some general standards that people should adhere to in order to make society work in the long run and as a measure to prevent moral decadence . 
  it are these times like these when i realize that i wish people were still religious in large numbers . 
  hell , i could still be an atheist as i am now , but at least the masses would adhere to some decent standards . 
  and that you hear from a semi-militant atheist that has grown to really dislike religious practices . 
  society really is in decay , and it is n't slowing down at the moment . 
  sure , the world is n't falling down today , but it might be a really bad place in 50 years time if this keeps up . 
  some values are universal and should be cherished by everyone . 
  excuse me when i tell you that 's no form of bigotry , but a noble thought . 
  well , i could tell you how dangerous it is to merely rely on that assumption , but i 'm not sure if that would even be worth the trouble . 
  the fact that the eu spends 3 times more money for example does not imply that the eu has got 3 times more combat ready soldiers , 3 times more tanks , 3 times more airplanes and so on .
