  but you understand that no fool in europe would drive a diesel if it would n't pay off in some way : there simply is an economic advantage in riding one . 
  do n't they emit some amount of uv rays ? 
  it must work as it is also being prescribed to people with heavy depression albeit on a more specialized tanning bad . 
  as for me personally : i feel much better in winter if i use mine once or twice a week ( though not depressed , i do feel a bit ` down ' during winter times ) . 
  the difference is so noticeable that any placebo effect can be pretty much excluded , but that 's just me . 
  diesel cars here are known to be pretty reliable : an old diesel could easily hit 300.000 km 's if properly maintained ( or without maintenance , if you 're lucky ) . 
  i can not remember those cars being more maintenance sensitive , though someone correct me if this is a wrong assumption . 
  next to that , a diesel car is more attractive to someone that needs to drive a lot on a yearly basis . 
  most often the break even point ( vs a gasoline driven car ) in the netherlands is floating somewhere between 20.000 and 35.000 kilometers a year . 
  above this number a diesel is actually cheaper in terms of fuel and taxation . 
  the dutch authorities will be interested in this as well . 
  i imagine that quite a bit of tax money was either missed or misspent on these clever cars - and it rather unclear who will have to pay up for this . 
  it would be unfair to make car owners or employers ( in case of lease ) directly responsible as they were effectively kept in ignorance . 
  most importantly is the price tag worldwide for this hoax . 
  volkswagen could easily be forced to pay 20 + billion euros in damages : bad news for those people that own vw stocks . 
  rest assured that i would get pretty close to a massive depression as well if the sun sets at 3 pm . 
  no way i would get through the winter without a tanning bed or something that can compensate for the lack of solar rays . 
  indeed : it is simply not fair . 
  your point is well received . 
  that 's the easy way out even if was actually meant to be serious . 
  in each case : expressing sarcasm is a fine art , and it should be made clear in some way . 
  i ca n't really conclude it out of the statement above , but maybe i 'm just missing the clue , 
  still a long way to go it seems . 
  i hope it gets solved at some point , but it will demand some cultural change as well . 
  sadly this will be a matter of decades i think , while these tragedies continue . 
  i knew a guy that committed suicide : he was not exactly a friend of mine , more an acquaintance , and above all a former colleague at a company i used to work for . 
  i encountered him two days before his ` act ' , for the first time in 1,5 years or so . 
  talked to him on he parking lot near a trainstation and he just seemed ... normal . 
  he did admit he had a rough time behind him ( afterwards turned out he went into therapy for a long time ) , but everything seemed ok . two days later , out of the blue , i got a text that he had thrown himself before a train . 
  complete surprise . 
  his family was devastated : this was n't the first time it happened in their family either . 
  they went through a really rough time , though they got quite a bit of community support as well it seemed ( they later openly thanked people in a short statement in a local newspaper ) . 
  that is what undoubtedly helped them to get through that damn mess without falling apart themselves . 
  i agree : it is almost impossible that no one on the board of directors knew about this . 
  the competition in the automotive industry is killing and everyone tries to secure as much market share as possible : vw is no exception . 
  and what would be a better way than securing more market share than producing some of the ` cleanest ' diesels in the world ? 
  it could be that the disgraced ceo of vw winterkorn did n't know about it , but i 'd be surprised if his cto had ` no idea ' of this . 
  i 'd say vw its reputation in the us is ruined for at least a few years and it will need to work hard in order to restore it . 
  it is likely that this is going to cost jobs in the us though , and maybe in europe as well ( if the scandal damages vw 's its image severely enough ) . 
  vw will need to pay up , in more than a mere financial sense . 
  the thing is : you rarely see potheads vomitting  . 
  if you also count the aggression alcohol tends to create in a busy street full of cafes and the oasis of calm in say a coffeeshop ( which basically fulfills the same purpose , only while distributing another drug ) you do start wondering what is going on in the minds of politicians . 
  in terms of societal impact it should be the other way around if we are so deadset on outlawing one of those substances . 
  best way would be to legalize both of course . 
  so basically there is a tendency to not talk about stuff like this ? 
  to each his own ? 
  that certainly does not help ( as you already say ) and the taboo on it needs to be broken . 
  for example : do you have some kind of suicide hotline down there ? 
  there is one in the netherlands e.g. 
  for people that are clearly thinking about killing themselves , and results say it really works . 
  here 's one [ link ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/road-and-rail-transport/11881970/volkswagen-admits-11-million-cars-worldwide-fitted-with-suspect-software.html ) , though this figure is widely reported , also here in the netherlands . 
  mind you : not all 11 million cars may have been tuned to ` cheat ' like this , but 11 million cars do have the potential for cheating . 
  that aside : volkswagen is a healthy company so they 'll be able to handle this . 
  sure : it sucks , but do n't forget vw is the second largest car manufacturer on the globe . 
  the only thing i sincerely hope is that people that had nothing to do with this scandal do n't lose their jobs because of it . 
  i 'm completely honest when saying that this really saddens me if it were to happen : those people are not to blame . 
  it 's 11 million cars equipped with the same type of software : it seems to be a global problem at first sight . 
  but let 's wait for the results : i 'm curious about how this all went . 
  interesting to notice this difference , as vw 's are known to be highly reliable here in the netherlands . 
  the golf for example is known to be a solid and maintenance unintensive car . 
  one would almost say that the cars for the american market are indeed of less quality . 
  damn , that 's really shocking . 
  the problem seems to be institutionalized , which will make it even harder to get rid of it . 
  i 've seen what it can do to people and their families and how it affects their surroundings - tragic does n't even begin to describe it . 
  heh , they 're all dutch lol . 
  one of those guys says ` hij rolt lekker in de mond , als het wijn was zou ik zeggen prima ' , meaning ` it tastes very pleasantly , if it were wine i 'd take it !, 
   blind taste tests prove the vast majority of people cant tell what the `` good '' expensive , highly lauded whiskey/wine is and what it generic . 
  this is probably the funniest part indeed : some time back a panel of ` esteemed ' vinologists were asked to name which wines they got served during a blind tasting . 
  i believe over 50 % of them did n't score more than chance would allow , and the other 50 % surely were n't very accurate . 
  interesting , as you see how people often believe that they * can * taste the difference , whether it is beer , whiskey , wine or something else . 
  nah , i think it 's more about personal taste . 
  i personally like jack daniels , although i 've encountered more than enough guys that turned up their noses to it . 
  funny thing is that some of those people probably would n't notice it if you 'd actually give them jack daniels and say it would be some scottish blend . 
  edit : small changes . 
  that 's a nice and euphemistic way of putting it . 
  maybe try to run for public office hmm  ? 
  title in the article :  berlin arm-twisting adds to unease over eu 's refugee crisis title here :  `` orban is right . 
  very few diplomats in brussels think the policy will work . 
  if refugees are moved to eu countries where they do not want to be , they will simply hop on a train to germany . 
  the truth of the matter aside , this post was editorialized but it did ( for a change ) stay mostly true to the contents of the article . 
  although ` orban is right ' is a bit of a bold statement : the most this article says about him is ` no wonder even mr orban has found some sympathisers . ', 
  i do n't like the entire handling of the refugee crisis one bit , but please refrain from such creativity . 
  then to think that weed still is n't legal compared to these alcohol excesses . 
  interesting . 
  also , your admiration for miss thatcher was noticed before by me . 
  is it true she really once said ` there is no such thing as society ' ? 
  are n't you in your sarcasm mixing up liberal * - democracy * with liberalism in general ? 
  also , when saying that you should think of the left wing and the right wing being positioned on a continuous line , with ` liberalism ' more closely to the right than it is to the left . 
  to equate the right wing with more conservative ideas is a bit old fashioned , but still accurate . 
  well ` nowhere ' is a bit overreacted , as the ec was moving pretty quickly back in the late 80 's , early 90 's , before the maastricht treaty . 
  most importantly the ec and the early eu were much less controversial than the present day eu . 
  it is completely clear that unanimity voting would paralyze the decision making process , but reserving it for controversial area 's like this one ensures that the eu itself does not get endangered in the long run . 
  of course : this is just * one * case of controversy , but a pattern could emerge out of this that is counter productive to europe . 
  in short : via a complicated legal-political game that is going to last a few years if slovakia keeps this up . 
  slovakia will have to turn tail at some point and almost surely will become the net loser in this game as this case will end up before the ecj sooner or later . 
  the ecj will friendly remind slovakia of what qmv actually means and order it to pay damages . 
  whatever the strategy of slovakia will be or how long it will take , it will cost them . 
  a sad conclusion , as fico is apparantly deadset on presenting this as the ` sensible ' option . 
  it is not . 
  well , save maybe from an electoral point of view as elections in slovakia are [ not far away ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovak_parliamentary_election,_2016 ) anymore it seems .
