  well truth be told , germany its restrictive drug policy is the direct result of the keeping the cdu/csu into power over and over and over again . 
  it really amazes me that so many people keep voting on the same party - allow that party to stay in power for decades - and call it democracy . 
  save the rare occassions where the spd/greens held the reigns of power . 
  yep , it is the mark of a developed and modern nation . 
  romania is starting to properly mature and will reap the benefits of it in years to come . 
  well i like it as it is , but there 's always room for improvement . 
  that sounds just about right . 
   the 33-year-old construction worker was assaulted by three italian men , aged between 21 and 25 , as he was having a morning coffee at a bar in the san giovanni district . 
  the high quality of italian coffee does not compensate for this sadly . 
  my god , just imagine having a normal cup of coffee and these * animals * show up with their weird and violent ideas . 
  it is one of these topics which makes me think that humanity is more likely to fail than succeed in the longterm as long as not all of us evolve beyond the level of uneducated beasts . 
  question to the italians here : was n't there still some minor support for fascist ideas in italy ? 
  i believe there are some political parties out there with roots in fascism and i can remember reading something about marginal support for fascism among the lower classes in rome . 
  could you separate fact from fiction on the basis of your own experiences ? 
  for what it is worth : you guys handled it correctly here . 
  ignoring the flood of highly negative comments , i think this deserves to be recognized . 
  i indeed hope that all nasty surprises on this subreddit are dealt with accordingly , but it sure looks this way . 
  with the departure of davidreiss and crnaruka i 'd say that the moderator department cleaned up their shit , making this a closed case . 
  it is easy to keep shooting down moderators from the sidelines , even while being rather open towards the community in a topic like this - which also means exposing each and every moderator to very harsh criticism ( and sometimes outright hate ) from the community . 
  / r/europe is imperfect , as are its moderators . 
  ca n't we just agree on that and move on now the these two hurdles have been removed ? 
  i myself have uttered criticism on the mods on multiple occasions , but this time i am rather satisfied about how things worked out . 
  we should leave it at this . 
  no one expected this to happen / s. 
  this at least confirms what so many people already believed yesterday : the reason for blatter his departure is not ` lack of support ' . 
  the fire is simply too close to him for comfort . 
  the only wise thing to do , although i do not expect the lack of support from other member states to be the main reason . 
  i think it all came a bit too close for blatter when valcke got busted . 
  the only thing i wish is that platini - famous for constantly changing opinions and not pulling the plug when necessary - will not be elected as the new president of fifa . 
  he clearly does not deserve it in my eyes as he can be considered a walking symptom of fifa 's failing structure . 
  but indeed , at least fifa can be sorted out now . 
  i hope prince ali will get elected after all . 
  that is what you get for driving a yaris . 
  edit : ah , the yaris riders have arrived . 
  you have no taste . 
  indeed , yet the anti-war side pushed for an early withdrawal from iraq and afghanistan . 
  in the case of iraq , we have seen the results by now . 
  i understand the need to ` get out ' and tie up loose ends , yet the decision to invade a country obviously can not be turned back . 
  the latter means that a certain responsibility resides with the invading states to guard the transfer of said former dictatorships to something close to a transparent democracy . 
  that can not be done in a mere 10 years , but requires decades of military presence and support by other means . 
  we have seen the same here recently : the dutch were assigned the province of uruzgan ( afghanistan ) as part of isaf , yet under pressure of the more leftist factions in parliament pulled out - despite a nato request to stay . 
  a few years later said province has been overrun by the taliban , effectively making all our efforts there worthless . 
  that last part also suggests that the 20-ish dutch soldiers that died there died for nothing at all . 
  i 'd prefer limburg over just about every province above the major rivers here , save gelderland and overijssel maybe . 
  what makes limburg beautiful is that it reminds you a lot less of the average dutch landscape and moreover - the average dutch person . 
  of course all a matter of personal taste , but a conversation with someone from ` up north ' often does not get much further than the ` hello , how are you ' - level in my case . 
  then there 's the thing of accent , that can really , * really * , turn me off if both accents ( mine and the person i 'm speaking with ) are too far apart . 
  but indeed , the ` limburgians ' can be considered a closed group on average yet not always , at least out of my personal experience ( and those of a lot of people i know ) . 
  they stand out in a way which makes me hate and love them all at the same time . 
  is or might be ? 
  and then again , consider the following : did he try to stigmatize the / r/europe userbase ? 
  because that is what it looks like at face value , and i understand that a great many people found that to be misplaced . 
  unacceptable ( i.e. 
  in violation of the rules ) comments can always be deleted ; that is where the moderator department here comes in handy . 
  i agree , and those things should be fought and prevented . 
  the only thing i wanted to make clear is that homsig really crossed the line here . 
  we 'll survive , do n't worry . 
  this is interesting . 
  shameful framing attempt you are pulling here . 
  but i guess your magical solution to all of this would be censuring this news article , or some other borderline oppressive response . 
  sweden has been warned by a lot of people here that have seen immigration in their own home countries - including our own ( in case you forgot ! ), 
  - go ** dramatically ** wrong . 
  do n't push this news away , but discuss about what causes it and moreover what should be done to end problems associated with immigration . 
  idealism has no place when it has lost touch with reality which is something a great many people seem to forget . 
  zwarte piet is not meant as a racist stereotype , despite all the sjw criticism . 
  i ca n't remember a single kid out of my childhood that started to hate or treat people with a dark skin colour otherwise because of it . 
  thanks for this by the way : it keeps me on my toes . 
  i should not fall so easily pray to the lazy habits of many reddit users , so i 'll pick my words more wisely next time . 
  although not completely wrong , it feels like i committed a grave academic sin by the way i contrasted roman religious habits to medieval traditions . 
  something to keep in mind for me . 
   you clearly have no idea how roman law worked . 
  or how medieval law worked . 
  the foundation laid by the romans was n't `` systematic '' - it was the process of centuries of legal decisions based on highly traditionalist and often conservative customary law , customary law that grew haphazardly as new laws were passed ; for centuries , many roman laws were n't even codified , they were simply the mos maiorum , the ways of their ancestors . 
  just saying : i followed a course in legal history , and that included roman law ( even though i had no instruction on greek law , but i believe greek law was rather limited compared to roman law ) . 
  ` you clearly have no idea of how roman law worked ' really is a unnecessary and misplaced insult here . 
  the way the glossators and commentators raped roman law past their original context can be considered a mess , given how they strayed further and further from the original texts of the corpus iurus civilis . 
  maybe the curriculum presented to me about the ius civile/ius honorarium was much too limited then , but it was littered with examples of rational thinking . 
  for example the distinction between culpa and deliberate action , something which to my knowledge did not exist before . 
  europe indeed did not suddenly switch to roman law , but i believe you also highly underestimate the important work of humanist legal scholars , and the way they cleaned up what commentators and glossators created in earlier medieval times . 
  whether you believe it or not : almost every detail you put forward here is known to me , including the long lasting use of roman law in germany ( i believe it was interpreted by pandektists or something like it ? ) . 
  the term sachsenspiegel is new to me though . 
  by the way , you seem to have some really extensive knowledge on the subject , which made me curious . 
  you owe me an explanation i think  . 
  edit : wanted to add to this :  the foundation laid by the romans was n't `` systematic '' - it was the process of centuries of legal decisions based on highly traditionalist and often conservative customary law , customary law that grew haphazardly as new laws were passed later emperors surely tried to codify just about everything , with justinian his corpus and the citation law being important examples . 
  but even before that point roman law was relatively uniform before it reached the point of having grown out of all proportions by the time of 3rd century ad started . 
  it is my impression that roman law during the time cicero lived for example was innovative for its time - and even though far below standards compared to modern law - still highly impressive . 
  with innovative i am also referring to the praetors specific role in ancient rome before 35 or so ad . 
  any nation out there got the theoretical option to apply universal jurisdiction , even though this really is a controversial thing in the field of international law . 
  and i actually understand the criticism about it . 
  by saying so i mean that it started to become dominant in most facets of ( public ) life again . 
  the romans and greeks were n't nearly as religious as the medieval christian nations were for example . 
  an easy example is the humanist school of law that actually placed roman law back in its old context and advocated the return to its roots . 
  early medieval law was child 's play compared to what the romans created , as well as the level of legal scholars . 
  by actually returning to legal foundations laid by the romans systematic and critical thinking returned in the field of law , after being mostly absent . 
  those are n't ` assumptions ' , but hard facts . 
  medieval law was highly influenced by religion and since i consider religion an irrational thing by definition , it is not that hard to conclude that a return to secular sources was also a return to reason . 
  that last part is a matter of personal taste though . 
  i know that the narrative religion = irrational is not that popular in many countries out there . 
  apparantly there is a list circulating with the names of 14 people on it . 
  i wonder if sepp blatter happens to be on that list and thus has overplayed his hand .
