  the eu is based on qmv , so in the end croatia got about as little to say as my country . 
  we agreed to this a long time ago , as it also works in your advantage in other policy areas . 
  the treaties have to be observed - and your nation is no exception . 
  i do n't really like this move , but i want to remind you of the fact that the eu is built on solidarity . 
  a lot of solidarity was shown towards european nations in eastern europe , but when push comes to shove the reverse does not apply it seems . 
  you may disagree with this move , but it is a rational response to that part of europe that seemingly does not agree with the basic principles of the eu . 
  it works both ways you know . 
  you ca n't have all the advantages without the disadvantages : the uk has found out the tragic truth to it by now . 
   they did agree on the need for tighter controls of the bloc 's external borders , more aid to the u.n. refugee agency for camps close to syria 's borders , and rapid screening of arrivals and deportation of those without valid asylum claims , to appease countries concerned that relocations will attract more people . 
  at least this makes sense . 
  i applaud them for actually moving in the right direction for starters . 
  this is the long term solution that is needed to counter this crisis - contrary to the short term answer to refugees/migrants already in europe . 
  non sequitur : i did not make up a poll because of it . 
  i just value the opinion of * multiple * high ranking politicians in that article as those people are directly connected to their party networks . 
  their parties have a good feeling of what is going on in society , thus i have no problem at all to stand with my previous assessment . 
  also , if you wanted to accuse me of moving the goal posts , you should 've done so in the string of comments further below , not at my very first one . 
  a poll holds more value , and i am highly interested in polls taken around the exact time of those statements . 
  why that is so is explained below . 
  what that means for my current point of view as well . 
  rarely i make such a bitter comment , but i 'm getting fed up by this presumptious attitude about a reasonable statement . 
  people should learn to relax here . 
  * edit : * i 'm at a pc at the moment , which makes it a bit easier for me to respond than using a phone . 
  what i doubted is the current public opinion after the images of thousands of migrants in munich reached the people . 
  the comments made by the german government backfired in terms of absolute numbers going for germany - and this is going to have an effect on public opinion . 
  if after that a couple of high ranking politicians come out of the woodworks and start to implicitly and explicitly openly doubt government policy this does hold * meaning * . 
  about the polls : even the average jan here knows how much support there was among the german population for current immigration policy . 
  the levels of support were and still are regularly reported , at least on a weekly basis , thus this can be considered general knowledge . 
  i would n't be surprised if the same applies for most of western and central europe . 
  the polls however have * possibly * lost a lot of validity after circumstances changed - especially in terms of sheer numbers of migrants reaching germany . 
  again : previous polls still hold more value , but they are n't conclusive . 
  i am still curious in more recent ones . 
  well the push to get out as quickly as possible was mainly a leftist hobby , whether in europe or the us . 
  it is true though that there was some support of leaving early as well among the right wing , but much less so in my perception . 
  i call those people therefore ` the same ' as those that pushed for a hasty withdrawal , as they likely share the same political colour . 
  i also think that military intervention under a strict mandate would help stabilize the region . 
  the thing i however do not hope is that western nations would again pull out way too early as soon as fallen soldiers are being sent back in bodybags . 
  tragic as it is , the job will need to be finished after all . 
  there is a lot to be said about the opinion that the thousands of american soldiers that died in iraq did so for nothing if iraq is n't going to achieve some kind of stability in the short to long term . 
  the same people that campaign against military intervention are the ones that are also ( but not exclusively ) guilty to political instablity in iraq and afghanistan . 
  they were all too eager to press for a hastily withdrawal of western forces , while those were required to stay there for the long term to ensure a smooth transition to democracy . 
  the constant hammering for a hasty and irresponsible quick withdrawal has resulted in those two nations being used as examples of how intervention is an unwanted strategy - of course by the same people that pushed for quick withdrawal themselves !, 
  each time i see some ( anarcho - ) lefty writing about how bad sending ground forces is i just can not help to remember how their own shortsightedness created the position iraq finds itself in today . 
  indeed , the casus belli for the iraq war was wrong and illegal , but the least we could 've done was finish the job there . 
  instead we left at least 10 years too early . 
  pacifist nonsense . 
  syria will not magically stabilize itself : the current civil war will go on until one side is either utterly destroyed or syria gets partioned . 
  the weapons are all already there , the militants are as well - both in great numbers . 
  next to that , putin would be all too pleased if western nations would execute the plan you just proposed . 
  western nations could easily stabilize syria if they want to , at least the northern half - but as pointed out elsewhere in this topic this is politically impossible due to the neo-vietnam syndrome that plagues society today . 
  after the wars in iraq and afghanistan politicians no longer dare to sell armed intervention , specifically the type that requires ground forces . 
  it is in our best interest to stabilize our backyard , if necessary with brute force . 
  in all honesty we should 've done so 1,5 to 2 years ago already , but after the massive influx of migrants military missions in libya and syria are becoming more and more probable . 
  though i am quite happy with military cooperation between european nations and the us , i 'd not oppose it . 
  the quickest route to a european army would be to let europe fend for itself . 
  at this point nato is a major obstacle to that happening . 
  you would say so , but not every refugee can afford this new ticket . 
  therefore there will always be some effect , although sending ground troops to libya in coordination with its acknowledged government is arguably the best solution . 
  the average american ? 
  nothing of course . 
  the us government however managed to expand and project it 's military power throughout a whole continent . 
  if it would n't have supported european nations communism may have very well moved west much further . 
  makes sense : you need to imagine the map of europe , specifically central europe towards the balkan . 
  germany , hungary and austria have started to lock down their borders , which will mean that the migrants in question will come to a complete stop at the first properly guarded border . 
  those people will continue to clog up there until the nation they are residing in can no longer handle the flow and will also promptly close its border . 
  this creates a downwards movement of similar measures all the way back to the source . 
  in the end , this means that if all nations in europe do the same , the problem will end up in greece again . 
  to be frank : those people need to registered in greece and go through the proper procedures there ( as greece is the point of entry ) . 
  a heavy burden on greece , but financial aid from europe will lessen it a lot . 
  i imagine it will at least make * some * difference . 
  traffickers would be forced to buy new equipment for each trip to italy which could easily could be too costly for even them . 
  ` with today 's knowledge we would have come to a different conclusion ' . 
  there 's another one for you  . 
  you have to compensate for * a lot * of trolls to even get to that conclusion , not to mention the popularity of ad hominem style arguments as an instrument at that place . 
  sure , / r/europe got its flaws - and those flaws get magnified in topics like these - but to say its worse than that place ? 
  rather weird . 
  you should read the non-immigration topics here as well : it might help adjust your view on / r/europe a little bit . 
  especially since stormfront and similar far right groups have a proven habit of brigading here . 
  well , it 's not like consecutive us governments did n't have a vested interest in doing so . 
  i agree : european defence spending should at least double in size , but i just want to say that the us got something out of it as well  . 
  indeed : reality has a habit of doing that to idealism . 
  better late than never though . 
  only too bad that finland has to take the fall for it as well which not really how a good neighbour should behave . 
  sorry , i could n't resist  . 
  how exactly ? 
  a oneliner says so little , so please expand on what you said . 
  also , this was my first comment to the person above , thus i can hardly be accused of moving the goalposts . 
  do n't worry , i do n't take that rag seriously : i never have and never will . 
  also , if you would 've read on you could have concluded that the neutral ( and from time to time leftwing ) nos reported about it . 
  read that string of comments and then come back to me again . 
  a bit careless , as you in turn draw a lot of conclusions out of a few assumptions  . 
  you never were that careless on theymos his playground . 
  no , but trampling on the sensitivies of a minority in order to send a clear message that beating women is not ok is the lesser of two evils . 
  maybe this was even the best approach for this situation : running around topless on such a conference is one hell of a way to ridicule such people . 
  agreed !, 
  there was and still is a danger connected to how i interpreted that report on germany and you made quite a few good points there . 
  sadly this is how it * should * go on reddit , but we all know this topic is ` discussed ' nowadays on / r/europe for example . 
  and if i had to pick : i 'd get rid of the extreme right first . 
  hands down . 
  good , seems like we share the same colour then  . 
  to be clear : the same people that attacked all those places over the past few months do n't have to count on any respect from my side .
