  the vvd - as * the * stereotype right party for this country - are more like pussies compared to many other right wing parties out there in europe . 
  or maybe the screaming of wilders actually resulted in this assumption of the netherlands being a right-wing country . 
  that is true to some extent . 
  i admit that i am only aware of china 's conflict with japan ( concerning the senkaku islands ) , but so far china and japan have remained relatively calm . 
  sure , there have been provocations but i do not consider it likely that the particular conflict i am talking about will escalate even further . 
  it will more likely end before the icj , in a very dull manner that is . 
  but if the past gives any guarantees then there is not much to fear from china , not for now at least . 
  on the other side you might be completely right : china itself has changed dramatically over the past 20-30 years and especially in the last decade . 
  i wonder if china dares to assert itself with its military and economic power in the future . 
  nato , hence ` we ' . 
  though you could ask yourself how much we contributed to this project , since we have this habit of reserving too little funds for national security , let alone for nato . 
  no , not at all hence the cynicism . 
  do you really believe that platforms like rt have a significant crowd down here ? 
  because that is n't really my impression for the netherlands . 
  a heritage from the past , nothing more . 
  and even in the past they thinked about making it safe , given the concrete ** bunker ** in which the waste was stored . 
  let it stay there for another 100 years so the most active products can keep decaying . 
  oh my , even more de-escalation . 
  well done uncle vlad : the world truly is a safer place now . 
  i guess we have to finish that rocket shield now in a hurry . 
  thanks !, 
  i must say that i your tone really shifted in this last comment , close to being offensive and morally lecturing . 
  what you 're saying might be so in scandinavian countries , but the sentiment in other european countries is not the same . 
  it might be best to avoid ethnocentric comments in that view . 
  i do n't care about points . 
  when i argue with someone on reddit it 's because i want to exchange ideas and if possible learn something . 
  your views are known to me , and i do n't share them . 
  apparantly that makes me some kind of savage that gets compared to some child abuser , while this entire discussion has been pretty much one-way traffic all the time . 
  also , i dislike how you completely framed me here which is a true faux pas in arguing with someone . 
  you kind of put me down as a proponent of corporal punishment , that wishes to use it at random . 
  i told you before , that it should be reserved to the most extreme of cases ( as a true exception ) , not as a standard measure as that will indeed likely screw up your child . 
  i deliberately took up the role as devil 's advocate to open this all up , but this is the result apparantly . 
  it 's sad that it has to end this way , and i do n't like your attitude ( in this topic ) . 
  it works both ways viking83 , life is n't one way traffic . 
  well i read it , but i just disagree . 
  i take it that is n't a problem , as you seem to disagree with me as well . 
  but really : if i could move closer to your point of view i would , but you seem to be dealing in absolutes in relating to this subject . 
  that makes it kinda hard for me to share at least part of your opinion . 
  if children would be a tabula rasa , with no innate tendencies to certain types of behavior , then you would be completely right . 
  to prevent the imminent nature vs nurture debate : nurture got more influence . 
  question for the groningers : to what religious denomination does that church belong and is it still in use today as a church ? 
  maybe , though you seem to assume that it * always * results in negative results . 
  what i 've noticed over the years is that the staunch opponents of corporal punishment seem to make the assumption that corporal punishment always follows bad parenting . 
  i have seen enough examples to know that it is not always the case . 
  sometimes a child can not be contained . 
  a child does not have the same cognitive abilities we do ( just stating it , i know you are aware it ) and therefore can not be expected to think as an adult all the time . 
  and the violence in question is just a small hit on the bottom for example , not something that actually causes injury as i said before . 
  merkel is doing pretty much the same as cameron and other european leaders , by strenghtening ties with china . 
  it is also a strategically good idea : china will always have to take its trade relations ( and economic interdepence between china and the eu ) into account when considering its international position , especially where russia might have a different view . 
  but geopolitics aside : china is no threat to the eu or the us and pretty much is the embodiment of ` harmony ' , a concept which is very important in chinese society . 
  having good relations with china is a benefit to all , at least for now . 
  we 'll see what the future brings . 
  that 's cool . 
  we are both entitled to our opinions ^ ^ . 
  are they even there legally ? 
  i believe transnistria itself is also a breakaway ` state ' that is recognized by no one , so is n't that one russian army that is left there an occupant ? 
  obviously applying military hard power and sending soldiers as a deterrant . 
  this would 've shut down the farmost gate of eastern europe to russia , thus effectively smacking putin against his cheek for his policies in europe . 
  well , i do n't downvote a reasoned opinion , i downvote 2 lines of bad assumptions and an attempt to frame me as a bigot . 
  i do n't like it , and i 'm just being very clear about that . 
  sadly , more people use these strategies ( also over here ) , but in the end they are always on the losing hand . 
  saying ' i ca n't have that , but it 's cool because i think you are a discriminating bigot so i do n't have to listen to you ' is just intellectual poverty . 
  he must have given some reasons . 
  forgive me for digging into your personal life here , but since you seem to use the word ` queer ' to refer to yourself , i 'm curious ` why ' . 
  i had a long heated discussion about this subject some time ago with a friend of mine , that happens to study psychology . 
  he was pretty much read into the subject and in the end we had this clash . 
  first and foremost : we agreed that corporal punishment should n't be used in general . 
  the difference arose when i said that corporal punishment should be reserved for the most extreme cases . 
  i do n't know if you have ever seen a child that is ` unmanagable ' , but i have . 
  a child can really be completely robbed of reasoning during a temper tantrum , and fear is a weapon to instill some discipline in the most exceptional of cases . 
  of course , during that discussion i said no injury should be afflicted and the corporal measure should be as limited as possible . 
  he could n't accept it , because he really believes it is bad in all cases . 
  enter my line of thought , as i almost never believe in absolute standards . 
  the world is just too complex for that , and the same applies in this situation . 
  it should be reserved in the most extreme of cases as a type of punishment , when all other measures have failed . 
  i believe you really misinterpreted me here . 
  to repeat some of the things i said before : - i 've met many wonderful people that happen to be muslim . 
  - the amount of extremists is very slim ( less than one percent , and more closer to 0,1 % ) . 
  - there are double standards going on here . 
  now , what you are doing here , purposely or not , is immediatly claiming that i have some kind of hate for all muslims . 
  in each case , that 's what i distill from ` stop saying all muslims are extremists like is ' . 
  i have no idea where you read that , or why you even believe you can just frame me as a discriminating bigot . 
  though this is a place for arguing , i ca n't deny that i feel very much offended by that assumption . 
  there * are * a lot of non extremist muslims . 
  moreover : almost all muslims are non-extremists and live a peaceful life . 
  a life that is sadly , stereotyped by segregation over here in the netherlands , but in the end we all get along . 
  in my view , islam is much stricter in differing ( shall we call it discriminating ? ), 
  between muslims and non-muslims than say the catholic church . 
  of course , there 's a dialogue going on here and there but still many muslims just resort to their own ` group ' , although this is also mainly fueled by reasons of culture . 
  but internal problems aside : i will never stop saying that is is actually a muslim movement , no matter how deranged their line of thought might be . 
  for me , is is another confirmation on how dangerous religion is in our world and how people can turn into complete monsters if they only have to explain themselves to some kind of higher entity , instead of to the people they hurt . 
  they want to get more recruits ? 
  fine by me . 
  let them die in the savage battlefields of syria and iraq . 
  let them die for absolutely * nothing * , as a strong deterrant against any future jihadists . 
  you can see it already : quite a bit of is supporters are leaving the ranks of is because of the international attention they managed to get . 
  so to say that it 's only beneficial to correctly name is a muslim movement ( though extremist ) is not completely true . 
  and of course there are those naive few that finally see their view on the world confirmed ( the ones you 're talking about ) : the west oppresses muslims , so other muslims should fight back . 
  even against those i say : go ahead , pick up a rifle , and die for absolutely nothing . 
  the world is a safer place without those people , that lack all kind of critical thought .
