  that 's why / u/sweatybadgers expressed sarcasm by writing ` really ' in italics . 
  thanks for adding more polarisation . 
  it seems like nowadays you are either against or in favor of topic x , and being a moderate or a somewhere-in-between results in getting caught up in the crossfire . 
  think again and do n't contribute to that line of thinking . 
  it seems like : never heard of it before however . 
  it is not your average party drug or at least not one you would come across easily , even as a regular user of various drugs . 
  a rather wrong description of 2c-e by the government 's drug advisory service if it indeed resembles lsd way more than mdma . 
   tests on their blood and urine revealed they had all taken hallucinogenic drug 2c-e , which is known as aquarust in germany and has been illegal there since the end of last year . 
  what 's this : have shrooms become boring all of a sudden ? 
  some people just seem to crave more more and more all the time , until their bodies start protesting ( as happened here ) . 
  about this drug :  the british government 's drug advisory service , frank , describes 2c-e as a psychedelic and hallucinogenic stimulant that has effects `` somewhere between ecstasy and lsd '' . 
  sounds like a horrible cocktail of effects . 
  there 's only a small sea between us , not an entire ocean . 
  despite the large differences between continental europe and the uk , there are many similarities to be found as well  . 
  same . 
  got contacted by a guy that suffered the same fate . 
  he got banned for 365 days ( edit : for posting about this subject ) , which is clearly a case of power abuse . 
  let me emphasize that we are talking about one mod though , not all of them - in case someone thinks i have some grudge against the moderators of this subreddit . 
  because i do n't , save dclauzel maybe . 
  especially the last part is a bit too evident . 
  but in the pvda for example the current leader - in good tradition - gets backstabbed again . 
  that is , if you 've read the newspapers today . 
  as long as the left does not get its act together ( the sp being too far-left , and the pvda having the reputation of breaking promises time and again ) it will continue to disintegrate . 
  d66 will probably fill up part of the gap , but another part of the electorate will shift further to the centre and even to the right . 
  that is way too easy . 
  i think that most people expect that a large percentage of them wo n't integrate , since integration is a proven failed strategy on a meta scale . 
  over here 30-40 years of integration has resulted in massive social problems , even as far out as in the third generation . 
  there are plenty of third generation immigrant children that still do not speak proper dutch for example . 
  if merkel and her government stick with what is quoted above , and completely and unconditionally choose for assimilation , there will be relatively few problems . 
  this will mean that people will be forced to give up at least part of their identity in exchange for their new german one . 
  there is no time to be wasted in not liking that line of thought , as this has to start out from day 1 . 
  even more importantly , new arrivals need to be spread out evenly over germany to ensure they 're always surrounded by at least 90 % germans . 
  if certain neighbourhoods would come into existence where ( former ) refugees/migrants are a more than significant minority , the german government will need to act quickly . 
  it is vital that these people are confronted with their former countrymen as little as possible in the first 10 or so years in order to speed up assimilation . 
  be afraid of me then hehe . 
  i for one am not afraid of the left wing . 
  maybe that 's a bad sign and testimony to the state of the left in the netherlands as of present ? 
  well i know that ( that 's also what i meant above ) , but i considered it a good idea to just look at the right wing from a distance and criticize the sheer downsides of it  . 
  the ever decreasing number of moderates whether on this humble subreddit or out there in society is worrying . 
  pragmatism is being increasingly sacrificed on the altar of idealism - ** that ** is what is happening sadly enough . 
   i am a social democrat and a `` classical '' liberal but the slacktivists and overly pc types have really damaged the legitimacy of the left . 
  the obsession with identity politics and lack of concern about inequality , present to a degree not seen since the gilded age , have really soured many centrists . 
  i wish there were so many more leftists as outspoken as you . 
  what you summarized here is the major challenge of the left as of 2015 . 
  personally i could do without a solution as i 'm rather right wing ( thus my side is ` winning ' , to put it very childishly ) , but at some point neoliberalism will come back to bite the average joe . 
  the left will be needed to balance things out , as long as democracy stays the way it is - that being imperfect . 
   it 's the rising popularity of the right , with the exception of sensible rightist parties . 
  that 's the thing : what is ` sensible ' . 
  i tend to say every right wing party that is n't extreme right - and to be frank - very few extreme right parties have amassed large popular support in europe . 
  and their chances of actually getting in a position of power are slim at best . 
  not that i enjoy fingerpointing , but the left has also completely ruined its reputation across europe over the past years . 
  the fact that the right side of the spectrum is gaining is also the direct result of the failure of left wing politicians . 
  over here the pvda for example is crumbling and is only a vague memory of what it used to be in the polls . 
  i often ask myself whether a strong third party could actually become a thing in the us somewhere in the future . 
  two party thinking is so deeply entrenched that any third party may suffer the same fate as the libdems in the uk , sad as it is . 
  the ideal number in my head is somewhere around 4 or 5 strong parties . 
  educated guess : you vote democrat ? 
  i really like to say this just to piss off lefties , but it 's a bit unfair . 
  you have to judge him on multiple axes , including the economic axis vs the social axis . 
  economically the answer is pretty clear , the same does not apply to the social axis though . 
  but indeed , this idea that the guy was exclusively right wing is just a myth . 
  really , someone should program a bot for this - just to attack the most obvious of leftist stereotypes . 
  of course the same goes for the right wing clich\u00e9s . 
  alright ... economic left/right : -5.13 social libertarian/authoritarian : -1.49 no fucking way this is correct . 
  maybe on the other side of the world , but sure as hell not in the netherlands . 
  there is no doubt over here that i 'm at least moderate right wing , probably even downright right wing . 
  the questions were interesting , but the results doubtful . 
  my favorite question  abstract art that does n't represent anything should n't be considered art at all . 
  strongly agree !, 
  reading all the comments , it seems that your average european is just a far left person . 
  which i have great difficulty to believe , so the explanation that this poll is biased towards the american market is probably right . 
  still an interesting post by the way , but too bad the results are skewed . 
  i agree to some extent , though i 'll add that ` national pride ' here does not equal nationalism - and the corresponding crimes associated with it . 
  consider national pride to be a form of patriotism light in this regard . 
  interesting : somehow this rule sounds vaguely familiar - probably because i 've forgotten about it after all these years . 
  i 'll try to remember this for the future , despite that it is hard to get all the finer details right . 
  it actually is , even though one could also say schulz 's face and orban 's comment . 
  what part of this bothered you by the way ? 
  it does help if you actually take the time to write down something else than a oneliner , just to make clear what you are actually referring to . 
  a fitting end for a soldier that betrayed the airforce he belonged to . 
  almost poetic even . 
  but still i 'd like to see him dragged before a court if possible . 
  upvoted for the sake of diversity of posts , though i mostly disagree with this guy . 
  especially the way he uses ` demagogues ' to label all anti-immigration proponents is reminiscent of the people that misuse ( and wrongly use ! ), 
  words like racism on a daily basis . 
  the comparison with ww2 , when much closer and comparable cultures helped each other , is misplaced and a type of moral blackmail . 
  a relevant quote from the article :  but most european countries do not think of themselves as immigrant nations . 
  many europeans fear that an influx of foreigners will undermine their comfortable cultures . 
  he words it as it is a grave crime if you are not in favor of opening the floodgates . 
  again : comfortable and easy to say from the other side of the atlantic . 
  lol . 
  thanks for this . 
  not at all , but what you did can really easily hurt someone 's national pride . 
  you just do n't call for the fucking iron curtain to return - and all it symbolized . 
  the ` riff-raff ' - part pretty much ensured it would go this way , as it was unclear whether you were referring to orban or the entirety of hungary . 
  i do n't like ad hominem type ` arguments ' , yet it is not hard to see how / u/jravihun lost his temper due to this . 
  rick santorum his comment that we euthanize the elderly in my country just to get rid of them kind of fits in the same category of ` annoying ' if you ask me . 
  migrants are coming . 
  for a moment it seemed like i read ` winter is coming . ', 
  yeah , he belongs to the less important nco ranks so his specific knowledge would not be a direct threat to our safety here , but whatever he takes with him to is could be used for training or attacks on dutch forces in jordan .
