  i understand what you are trying to make clear , but such a career move may be completely logical if you were in the same position . 
   i also hope that europe is proud that the president of the council of ministers is an agrarian and has no serious studies at all . 
  oh we actually agree on that part : i myself am extremely worried about the lack of credentials and field experience numerous high ranking politicians seem to have nowadays . 
  but in the swamp of many equally incompetent politicians this guy apparantly was deemed fit for his position . 
  i personally did n't expect him to be re-elected at all yet rumor has it that germany made a 180 turn and supported him despite earlier signs to the contrary . 
  i think that 's a formality , just to stress the unity of the eurogroup . 
  it shows that the actual election is won way before voting begins . 
  you can really notice their fallibility with respect to the 50bn $ compromise . 
  tsipras did n't want it the german proposal to happen , and merkel did n't feel much for the greek proposal . 
  solution ? 
  a 50/50 split of the 50bn ( yet to be raised ) capital . 
  if that is n't a compromise , i do n't know what is . 
  whether it is the best solution for greece remains unsure , but politicians came up with this method of carving up the 50bn in question . 
  ca n't have it both ? 
  split it in two . 
  whether we 're talking about a large chunk of meat or 50bn euros worth of capital does n't matter . 
  always generating profit , or just recently ? 
  the thing with state companies is that they always lack the incentive to turn a profit due to the certain possibility of the state backing them up in dire times . 
  there is always financial risk associated with it , although you might have a point that selling 2 of such money earning companies may not be the most financially move at this point . 
  then again , the inventory of greek state companies is rather large . 
  i think there are enough state companies that could be sold ( for example relating to telecommunication ) , or at least be partially privatized ( 50 % ) . 
  what is peculiar is the 4 page list of requirements that greece has to meet suggests the opposite - that being that many state companies are not making break even . 
  i could link you the relevant passage if required . 
  we did all of that , save the lottery ( there are private lotteries though ! ) . 
  the grid is still controlled by a state company , while the energy supply is maintained by a few private companies . 
  all branches of ` government ' that do n't have much to do with the core tasks of government should be sold indeed . 
  especially if you ca n't afford to maintain such a massive government compared to the total population , as / u/magicalspacehoney already pointed out . 
  thank you . 
  i think this was necessary . 
  new democracy will vote in favor , syriza will likely partially disintegrate . 
  well , at least we do know it will happen this time . 
  apparantly the eu wants to keep greece on a short leash , to say it a bit less respectfully . 
  maybe some more oversight is for the better here : everything that goes wrong after such changes are made can be completely blamed on the trojka . 
  probably this is another necessary phase to give greece the liquidity necessary to endure another round of reforms . 
  the near entire structure of the greek state needs to overhauled to bring its internal workings into accordance to what is considered a proportional sized government as of 2015 . 
  debt write offs will likely occur down the line anyways - and this government as well as its successors will probably keep on hammering the necessity of doing so . 
  we 'll be back at the discussion of the sustainability of greek national debt in 1 to 3 years . 
  about the gdp shrinkage : the gdp of greece was inflated tremendously , which made the gdp correction a rather normal phenomenon . 
  if greece went bankrupt back then the gdp could have easily plummeted further than the current shrink . 
  to be frank , during the past few weeks it became clear syriza did n't really have a plan b : the entire strategy of tsipras was based on debt reduction . 
  when the latter went out of the window as an option ( sadly that is . . ) his negotiation position weakened significantly , together with signs that greece would not dare to pull out of the eurozone . 
  the deal of tonight might have actually been the best possible result for tsipras . 
  the past 6 months have mostly been greece vs the rest of europe , and that did n't help greece one bit diplomatically . 
  as expected : the eu closed ranks during a marathon session . 
  the longer an eu summit takes the closer agreement gets due to exhaustion . 
  the best agreements are apparantly made around 3 to 4 am , in the deep of night ( according to a former dutch minister of foreign affairs ) . 
  the more time ( t ) is spent on a eurosummit ( e ) the probability of agreement ( a ) approaches 1 . 
  seems like athens got the bad end of the stick so far , but there was little hope for greece to achieve a perfect compromise . 
  greece will have to overhaul its economic and social structure and update it to the 21st century , which will take time and a lot of pain . 
  this will not be easily accepted by the greek people . 
  in the way tsipras tried to explain it he even passed the limits of extensive interpretation . 
  that is why what he aspired to reach was rather abnormal . 
  there are plans being drawn up for humanitarian aid in case greece were to default ( again ) and together with it depart out of the eurozone . 
  the thing is , the type of ` help ' you are proposing here is a few stages beyond the current level of european integration . 
  the eu has already made many steps forward in the past 5 years , but going for debt write offs is probably politically impossible in a number of member states . 
  i know : there will be write offs anyways . 
  but this is one of those cases where ideology will win over reason . 
  i consider the way this comment is downvoted into the ground proof of the brigading that is going on concerning the topic of greece . 
  i see little problem in claiming much more finance ministers are against further support unless concessions are made as it is factually correct . 
  syriza it 's attitude - specifically the way varoufakis presented himself in europe - may have damaged the negotiations between greece and the trojka beyond repair . 
  anyways , the entire anti-germany circlejerk is started to get annoying . 
  serious question : what is solidarity within the framework of the eu anyways ? 
  tsipras was the one that at first started crusading for this far reaching variant of solidarity - let 's call it * charity * to be precise - and so far he seems rather alone . 
  france has supported him recently , renzi seemed a bit sympathethic but still the emphasis for the creditor states is on being paid back in full . 
  whatever it is , people are mourning the death of a particular kind of european solidarity that has ** never existed ** . 
  by all means it is safe to say that the european project has become much more far reaching and in depth than 5 years ago , but apparantly we have to complain about ` the death of europe ' . 
  europe is still on the same path it has always been on : continued integration , and further transfers of powers to brussels . 
  none of that will change in the foreseeable future - certainly not all the doom and gloom as of late . 
  krugman sure likes echoing his earlier statements . 
  i am starting to suspect that this man - the same guy that concludes the entire eu apparantly has to crumble when one nation leaves the smaller eurozone - got a hidden agenda . 
  the eu will be dealt a heavy blow if greece leaves , but it would be relieved of all the financial and legal headache associated to this one memberstate . 
  i would like greece to stay ( i really do ) but we can not deny that a grexit could also bring about advantages . 
  the greek government fucked up , for many years on end . 
  a harsh statement is it not ? 
  still it is true , whether it is a popular opinion or not . 
  there is no doubt that mistakes were made on both sides , but in the end greece out of its own sovereignty made some bad judgements calls ( or none to be precise ! ), 
  in the past . 
  the responsibility accompanying the sovereignty of greece now will also come back to bite it , after celebrating the referendum of previous sunday . 
  it is a tragic thing , as millions of ordinary greeks will have to suffer because its ruling elite failed . 
  the failure of a few hundred people throughout the years will now influence the course of life of millions . 
  i wonder if such actions would be compatible with nato obligations : probably not though . 
  but greece might leave nato disillusioned after it were to be forced out of the eu by diplomatic pressure ( a slim chance of it happening , but still ) . 
  stubborn rumors indeed : the same news is reported here . 
  such a radical proposal can not be laid forward unless germany is resolved on what should happen . 
  the negotiations of today might be just for show . 
  something which he regrets . 
  there is a large interview with karremans in de telegraaf of today . 
  he admits that raising his glass with mladic was the thing he regretted the most . 
  apparantly , karremans had the impression that bloodshed would take place and that he needed to calm down mladic and his men . 
  in the end he turned out to be wrong , as a major massacre took place in the days and weeks following the fall of srebrenica . 
  he said he wanted to protect his soldiers and the civilian population by maintaning a good relationship with mladic , without liking the guy . 
  you can be the judge of that , but this is turning into an awkward , highly emotional discussion of which i have to assume the role of my government . 
  needless to say , i am no diplomat and it would n't surprise me if many other dutch people here avoid this discussion to prevent being forced into this situation . 
  it is best to stop here . 
   the dutch contingent was ruled accountable of the deaths of more than 300 bosniaks . 
  accountable , but not guilty to the actual killing * . 
  given the emotional nature of this entire debate i wonder if you meant the latter . 
  whatever it is : the government here has assumed legal responsibility for not preventing what happened on the area of the compound . 
  the flawed reasoning in question is you taking some snap images of a few dutch soldiers dancing and still * almost completely in the dark * of what was still happening as celebrating genocide and not caring at all . 
  if you want to smirch the soldiers involved that way , you are entitled to do so .
