  it would be wrong to see brexit as the main motor behind this new vision on how the eu should operate , although it did contribute . 
  there 's no denying in that . 
  also , it could very well be that a european army , or something similar to it , will become a reality in the coming decade ( starting out with a few countries perhaps ) . 
  that 's something the uk would 've never agreed to . 
  this future european union might very well be an organisation you would dislike even more than yesterday 's one . 
  assuming the remaining ones that did n't turn out were all unemployed , right ? 
  you ca n't be serious about that . 
  sure , lazyness and a lack of responsibility played a role in it - and we should definitely rethink some aspects of our present day societies - yet categorizing the cause as narrowly as you just did here is not right . 
   in my perception brexit has brought the union closer together , people can see right now how good the union is for the people and each and every country . 
  i respect your opinion , but really , this is from a totally different world . 
  if brexit has shown anything again , it is that the eu is vulnerable . 
  people might be scared sufficiently to push away any thoughts about leaving the eu ( looking at the chaos that is ensuing in the uk ) yet that is not the same as properly valueing the eu and all it stands for . 
  fear of uncertainty is not enough of a means to convince people the eu is good for them : quite on the contrary . 
  a closer union is the answer in my view , although that 's also the contradiction the eu often gets confronted with : it lacks powers in certain areas ( making it weak ) yet the necessary powers are also not transferred as well . 
  the people that oppose the eu because it is ` inefficient ' will not agree to the transfer of powers regardless if it work or not , and that 's the reality we 're dealing with here today . 
  those people form significant minorities in a lot of european countries , including my own . 
  playing them for fools and going for further integration will damage the eu further in my opinion - at least at this point in time . 
  we should n't want too much for now : let us first convince the people that have no idea about how the eu works but still hate it that it is actually a good organisation for them . 
  and we should delay it for a little while longer if need be : i 'm all in favor of further integration , but there 's too much anti-eu sentiment in european member states to implement such ideas now . 
  we better wait until the dust has settled , that being another five or so years at the least . 
  in the meanwhile we could do with some behind the curtains cooperation on security policy . 
  implementing the most controversial of these ideas is not worth it if it would result in another member state leaving in the short , mid or long term . 
  i was about to post [ the same one ] ( http://static.presspublica.pl/red/rp/pdf/dokumentue.pdf ) . 
  it 's quite an interesting read , even though the contents of the proposal are controversial to some extent . 
  britain has n't left or there 's already talk about further integration . 
  something about which i am in favor but - given the circumstances - should be delayed for quite some time . 
  i understand how you can get to that conclusion , yet it is still false in my opinion . 
  shortly explained : no matter how many old people would 've turned up during the referendum , they would 've still been beaten by the young by a 2 % or more margin - if the latter would 've turned out in proper numbers . 
  since there 's so much hatred going on towards the elderly that voted ` leave ' ( by the way , the same people that voted in favor of the eec in the past ) this delicate part about the referendum turnout demands further attention . 
  it 's clear which demographic held the key here - and they blew it . 
  indeed . 
  it 's time to kill this internet myth of ` the old people did it ! ', 
  in its crib . 
  if young people would 've turned up in normal numbers , this would n't have happened . 
  they took for granted what they had , and gave it away . 
  sigh . 
  again more onslaught , for the most mediocre of reasons . 
  all i hope for at this point is that casualties remain limited , as there are already deaths being reported . 
  indeed , we can not . 
  we live in different worlds i 'm afraid ; two different worlds in which reason plays a fundamentally different role . 
  if you want to plug your ears : that 's all fine . 
  normally i do n't even comment to persons that are so damn deluded , but in this case i 'll make an exception :  if enough people believe anything goes then there must have been an equivalent spike in censorship , to cover up the murders , the beatings , the vandalism , which is why we 're hearing about weepy radio call-ins and why unattributable laminated cards make it to the front page of the bbc . 
  this is direct material for r/conspiracy . 
  you are playing at some elaborate plot to ` get back ' to the brexit voters . 
  in short : you are * convinced * it is all fake and part of a deliberate attempt to fan the flames in an already divided britain . 
   your analogy is ironic . 
  a muslim does something stupid and the general dutch public mobilises against the muslim population who are n't associated with the act of stupidity , after receiving as close as they 'll get to a pre-emptive pardon from sections of the dutch press . 
  by analogy , you 're either saying that the non-british population of the uk has committed some vexing act which has caused the british portion to retaliate , or , the latter part of which is closer to what i contend , that brexiters have done something stupid , and the press has galvanised the the masses against the brexiters who have remained quiet throughout ( not that we are particularly active in your echo chambers , anyway ) . 
  to start with my analogy : it is n't ironic . 
  moreover , it is fitting !, 
  do you know why ? 
  because both situations have something in common : a major event happened that got enough airplay in the media for everyone to form an opinion about . 
  what i 'm telling is that there 's a certain subgroup of people that is easily moved by the media , even towards people they 've never even met or properly spoken to in real life , and in that sense both situations are comparable . 
  there is a subgroup of people that can easily be classified as ` stupid ' or less adversial , ` not gifted ' , and that group is easily moved by such events . 
   likely it is part of the strategy in which many of your media executives are complicit , to quash the feelings of natural sympathy the general public of one country may have for the public of a neighbouring country , which could have been an impediment to the eu taking a hard line with britain in forthcoming negotiations , a move considered necessary to establish a deterrent to further member state referenda . 
  same as above : this is / r/conspiracy material . 
  you have * zero * evidence to back this up and will not be able to prove it is even true to start out with . 
  as soon as ' a hunch ' gets the same status as fact , orderly society as we know it will be over . 
  even more importantly : you can believe nothing with that attitude , as everything around you could be a lie . 
  it creates a world where suspicion and even paranoia are leading in deciding what is true and what is n't . 
  facts in that world of yours , no matter if you want to admit it or not , play at least a secondary role . 
  again , get your head of that dreamworld of yours : as long as you consider these things ` proven ' without seeing the tiniest bit of evidence you should not expect to be taken serious by me or the more sane parts of the population . 
  and yes , it is my staunch conviction that people like you need to be exempted from the right to universal suffrage : the self destructive and rash attitude of the likes of you will ensure the destruction of democracy in the long run . 
  of that i 'm sure . 
  now , rant on as you like : i will not pleasure you with another response . 
  ah , that thing . 
  well , as we both know it was abandoned , nor did he or his successors drag the uk into the ecsc . 
  it goes a bit far to regard churchill as one of the fathers of modern europe , especially with regard to its instutions in that sense . 
  although he did contribute of course . 
  there they are again , the illusive ` elites ' . 
  you are fantasizing here , and someone should point that out to you . 
  there is no evidence of ` elites ' wanting to ` get you ' - nor should you jump to highly immature conclusions as said above . 
  i have absolutely no doubt there is a spike in incidents after this major event : we 've seen similar things in the netherlands towards muslims for example after some idiotic muslim did something stupid . 
  parts of the pro-brexit camp are probably still high of their victory and think everything goes , for now . 
  it proves that this specific part of the population should actually be taken out of their right to vote : they are not worthy of it - at all . 
  this made me extremely sad . 
  it tears my heart apart that people refuse to value others individually and do things like this to actual good people . 
   without the brits and their constant vetoes , we could actually achieve the ever closer union thought by the founding fathers ( ironically , churchill is there too ) yes and no : the brexit referendum has once again shown it 's time to go for a full stop regarding * further * integration . 
  i 'm in favor of much further integration than exists today , but it 's way too dangerous for the eu to go on at the same pace ( a pace that has by the way already slowed down throughout the years ) and risk more countries leaving . 
  may i by the way ask why you put churchill in the tradition of schumann and others ? 
  the ecsc had little to do with the united kingdom ( including churchill ) , unless i 'm missing something vital here !, 
  times may change yet , though the odds of that happening are pretty slim at this point , especially in the short and mid term . 
  people like you that voted remain did n't deserve this , and i 'm sure that sentiment is shared by everyone here . 
  the scottish delegation should 've hired mel gibson to shout just that . 
  optionally , he could also cut off farage his head with a claymore . 
  as one of the founding members , the netherlands is much more deeply integrated into the eu compared to the uk . 
  sure , there might be significant popular support in the netherlands for leaving the eu , yet this is in the end a more relaxed , conservative country with respects to eu membership . 
  we wo n't leave : we 're not rash enough for it in the end . 
  indeed : it 's something that 's become really noticeable over the past years . 
  populists really like to ` confirm ' there 's : a ) a problem , together with many other problems ; and b ) want to turn it all around , * radically * , today and not tomorrow . 
  it all has to change !, 
  the main motor behind the rise of populist parties in european nation states is distrust : distrust that is easily exploited because people are equally easily swayed in the end . 
  the lack of viable solutions from the same parties that harvest this distrust is something that is completely underestimated in my opinion though . 
  critical question : how many are those ? 
  let us not underestimate the people that decided to have second thoughts on the eu after supporting it initially ( nearly with a two-thirds majority in the past that is ) . 
  it 's more complex than that , nor are old people necessarily less cunning than young people . 
  i disagree with brexit ( sadly , i think it 's a major mistake ) , but this :  and the old for being ignorant and backwards be very aware that this is the generation that also voted ** ` yes ' ** in the referendum on the european communities back in 1975 : this generation has had experience with the eu and its predecessors for decades ( contrary to the younger people ) and apparantly made a u-turn . 
  this should bother you as well as give some food for thought to rethink your position on the matter . 
  still , to complain at the ` older generation ' amounts to making a sweeping generalization , while not looking at you own . 
  i think this statistic tipped the scales for good : the young failed here and not the old .
