  already [ taken ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oceania ) i fear : / . 
  but we could prophetically call it atlantis . 
  good thing some additional moderators are being recruited . 
  it must have been nearly impossible to properly moderate this entire subreddit with such limited manpower . 
  obviously not , because those ` people ' - which you sadly because of group think divide into over-arching units - are not subject to criticism . 
  the fact that you immediatly think of people , and not of a religion ( i.e. 
  islam ) , betrays that you do not understand what these persons were protesting against . 
  it 's about the religion , not the people that follow it . 
  you can disagree with that all you want , but most western countries including my own and the us do not have any provisions about ` bad taste ' when it comes down to freedom of speech . 
  i consider that a good thing as guys that like to throw buzzwords like ` islamophobia ' around would happily oppress people with a different opinion . 
  once again : you do not have to agree , but what these people think remains protected under freedom of speech . 
  let society discuss about the merits of it , instead of oppressing such ideas . 
  clever americans got it all figured out again . 
  damn : / . 
  domination is the endgame , right ? 
  i think it would cease to be called the eu though , but named something along the lines of atlantic federation , atlantic commonwealth , atlantic confederacy , etc. 
  indeed , even though ` the conversation ' is an independent platform . 
  i consider the comment above therefore rather misplaced and probably even wrong . 
  there is no conclusive evidence that the ` american ' media are trying to paint europe as a very nationalistic , twisted continent . 
  a link to cnn is not sufficient for such conclusions , but that disturbs the anti-us circlejerk now does n't it ? 
  the internet is a perfect platform for the average joe and as you said , this can be a positive and negative thing at the same time . 
  i think television will always keep existing in some form , albeit via internet broadcasting . 
  the sheer fact that the internet got so much to offer , instead of a narrow range of television channels , at first sight can only be interpreted as something negative as people will divide their attention over a great number of subjects . 
  yet the average joe/european still reads the news on a regular basis and does seem to have at least a mild interest in politics . 
  using the internet version of existing channels ( for example major newspapers ) will ensure that a sufficient number of people will be reached . 
  the responsibility of newspapers and journalists in this larger scheme imo has only increased over the years . 
  and that last part shows what is truly wrong if you look at entities like the daily mail , de telegraaf , bild , etc. 
  you know the examples : these entities have been more powerful than ever before , while not using their influence in a responsible manner . 
  a smart politician will manoevre through this minefield and ensure that he/she will reach as many people as possible . 
   in one of the more ironic examples of this trend , the european parliament is now populated by almost a third of nationalist and euroskeptic members -- politicians who represent their people in an organization they want to destroy . 
  i call this factually wrong : there are enough anti-eu groups that are mostly against certain facets of the eu . 
  they desire to see economic cooperation as it used to be in the 80 's , without all the extra powers that have been transferred to the eu since the maastricht treaty . 
  it is a vision i do not share , but noticeably different from what seems to be described here . 
   the more european citizens considered their daily lives , the less immigration seemed prominent as an issue in comparison to inflation , unemployment , the economic situation of their country and taxation . 
  ironically this can all be solved on a european level , even though that might require treaty revisions . 
   as collective international action has become unavoidable , it is crucial for europe to regain a sense of unity and common purpose , based on a more positive and inclusive understanding of globalization . 
  and this is where it goes wrong again : the eu sure needs to work together more intensely , but in order to facilitate such strenghtened bonds * the peoples * of europe need to be convinced of the need to do so . 
  that should not be extremely hard , yet this is most important hurdle to overcome . 
  it amazes me how little politicians still engage the average joe on the subject of europe . 
   phileleftheros reported that this annoyed erdogan who cut his visit short . 
  this is arguably the best part . 
  each and every time this autocrat gets put back into place demands for celebration . 
  apparantly in the past this had to do with the poverty in this region of the netherlands . 
  rural families there lived in great poverty , which led to an obvious socialist response among the populace . 
  nowadays it is more of a traditional thing , even though the north is relatively lagging behind on a number of areas subject to governmental policy . 
  i believe the standard of living is slightly lower there as well . 
  at the moment the pvda is losing its grip on the province of groningen , in connection to the earthquake swarms that were caused by the extraction of natural gas . 
  the pvda for years on end presided over this field of government business , which brings the people there to the obvious conclusion that the pvda is at fault . 
  `` taxes '', 
  indeed . 
  this should be directly compared to the actual percentage of people participating in the economy . 
  countries with relatively low unemployment levels like ours might make sacrifices in work time per employee in order to guarantee work for more people . 
  which by the way might also explain greece its very high position on the scale : the people that have maintained their job are forced to work slave shifts for their bosses . 
  to people from outside the netherlands reading this : our standard ` workweek ' counts 40 hours for fulltimers . 
  multiply times 48 or something ( so take 4 weeks of for holidays and other free days ) , and you 'll get a number closer to reality . 
   on the other , a more nimble structure might have to be more authoritarian , sacrificing ( even more ) fairness and equality between member states . 
  i think this is spot on , which is why the eu is in a organisational bind at the moment . 
  the lisbon treaty changed a lot about how the eu operates , but it does not as per usual give a frame for reform . 
  the eu is correctly described as supranational , but reform will always demand intergovernmental cooperation - what in practice mostly means unanimity that is difficult to gain . 
  at some point the further growth of the eu , at least in terms of power , will demand ongoing centralization and saying goodbye of the current system of ` one member state , one vote ' . 
  not to say that the current decision making proces is literally that ( as there are population requirements for any piece of european legislation - i believe it was around 65 % required ) , but it does come relatively close to it . 
  a reformed eu will be a union in the form of confederation that will be ruled by the larger states out there . 
  for now , only a major war on the european continent or completely selfless politics could enable that . 
  it certainly does not , and that was never denied as well . 
  a look at any given topic in / r/european about immigration will make you shiver down your spine , yet i simply stated there is more in that place than you seemed to suggest . 
  why did i say that ? 
  not out of sympathy of the many people that spill out their horrible ideas there , but as a way to understand what moves them , what type of persons they are , and how they think . 
  the stereotypical racist or bigot - at least in my experience - not seldomly turns out to be a neighbour , a family member or some other friend you know . 
  turning these persons into some vague abstractions will not solve the problems with regard to xenophobia , racism and other social issues . 
  are you sure that cameron would n't call them thugs for example ? 
  cameron his response might be more ambiguous than we think . 
  i also do n't see the average high government official here defending people that semi-assault them , even in dire economic circumstances . 
  oh well , what i noticed before about the extreme left and right actually has been described in a theory . 
  normally i compare the extreme left and extreme right as two ends that form a full circle , but maybe a horseshoe is a better analogy . 
  in each case it is better than the ridiculous two dimensional line a lot of people seem to have in their minds . 
  i am not even going to deny the truth of this striking analogy , yet i simply responded to a very absolute statement by / u/allgoodnamesare7aken which gave the impression that there is nothing else to be found in that place than something negative . 
  i do n't read / r/european on a regular basis , although i do briefly scroll through it once every month or so . 
  in general i am quickly disappointed by what i encounter there . 
  a noble statement . 
  next to that impressive , as it testifies of some real character . 
  for the sake of truth : there is * more * on / r/european than blatant racism , nazi apologists rants , homophobic articles and overall bigotry . 
  to reveal those other things , you sure have to wade through all the crap first , but it is there - at least that is how it looked like the few times i checked it ( including all the comments ) . 
  checks out with the netherlands during the last [ elections ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/ba/tweede_kamerverkiezingen_2012.png/266px-tweede_kamerverkiezingen_2012.png ) . 
  the vvd - the rough equivalent of the conservatives - also came out as the largest party outside of the major cities . 
  although it is not really surprising that people in large cities tend to lean more towards the political left . 
  if someone is wondering what that large pvda ( labour ) patch in the north is doing there : the province of groningen ( and i believe friesland as well ) have long been pvda strongholds . 
  fortunately the road network in flanders is better compared to wallonia , even though it can still be horrible . 
  the roads in the belgian town where i fill my fuel tank are splendid however . 
  no single crack in the asphalt and driving from a to b feels really smooth . 
  grats to ourselves : we made the top category . 
  fortunately i live 1 km from the belgian border , which enables me to buy gas a lot cheaper . 
  thanks for that belgium . 
  * expects a lengthy discussion about the borders of europe * . 
  thanks for clearing that up : in hindsight i moved a little bit too fast there . 
  thing is , i am attempting to diversify my use of english lately and such a small wordcloud feels kind of annoying . 
  apparantly i have a preference for being deliberately vague . 
  might , although , maybe , rather , likely . 
  it really shows  . 
  if this is an insult , you actually hit a nerve . 
  that aside , i think you made a point with regard to / r/awesomelove his obvious comment bias .
