  only it does n't serve its purpose when the special interests of states are involved . 
  the unsc is powerless - almost without exception - whenever a situation of conflict arises in a nation that has strong ties with one of the permanent members of the unsc . 
  the reason why there has n't been third world war so far is not because of the chit chat and exchanging of insults at the unsc table , but because of the fact that every nation on that very table will lose in such a scenario . 
  the current unsc is an obstacle to total peace and the unsc should be reformed , by taking away the veto of nations whenever they are personally involved . 
  from all the states bordering russia , finland is ( at least on the western russian border ) by far the most developed and independent nation . 
  taking over finland would demand a lot more courage than waltsing over georgia , but who knows . 
  the main point is that the finnish state should be safe and the finnish government should find out the most appropriate measures in this situation , even if that means not joining nato . 
  i do n't even understand why a 61 year old , someone that at best grew up with [ this ] ( http://simpleclimate.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/univacii.jpg ) kind of technology is being assigned to such a post . 
  digital agenda itself requires someone that is way younger , with a mind that is still malleable and flexible with regard to new knowledge . 
  hell , neelie kroes itself was too old for this ( even though she , despite her age handicap , made the best out of it ) and a 40-45 year old would be a better solution . 
  there is more at stake here . 
  finland still adheres ( to the illusion maybe . . ) that it is a neutral country . 
  in each case : it is safe to say that finland is ` more neutral ' than the average european country and a kind of go between between the average nato memberstate and switzerland for example . 
  giving up that neutrality will likely affect trade and mutual relationships between the russian federation and finland . 
  because finland borders russia this is of course a highly sensitive subject with a great many risks involved . 
  though in the end , we all know who backstabbed finland in the winter war . 
  in terms of reliable partners , i 'd pick nato 's limited aggression over russia 's untrustworthyness . 
  correct . 
  moreover : civil law has been highly influenced by roman law as you know . 
  that however , does not mean that codifying it makes no difference . 
  codification itself by default creates a new law , no matter how old the rule might be . 
  to add to this : the current dutch civil code for example is heavily based on germanic law and roman law principles , and almost all articles are in practice not directly comparable to its source . 
  but i get your point , and the differences between both systems do not constitute two entirely different worls . 
  though i have to stress that common law has been far less influenced by roman law than civil law . 
  the more i read about the opinion of some of you britons regarding the civil law system , the more i get the impression that you see it as this holy book containing strict , unbreakable laws . 
  that might have been the case for montesquieu his vision , but that 's not how civil law works nowadays . 
  to give you an example about judicial lineancy : last week two dutch growers of cannabis ( a drug that is - contrary to popular belief - still forbidden in the netherlands ) were tried . 
  the growing of cannabis is something that is being prosecuted in the netherlands . 
  the judge ruled that , although not allowed , the couple in question always payed their taxes , wrote down their transactions in accordance with bookkeeping rules , always have acted transparant towards the authorities and only supplied legitimate coffee shops . 
  the court * did rule * that the two had committed an offense , but decided to inflict no further punishment , stating that the legislation in question is not fair and contradictory . 
  and this is only one case in a long string of cases where judges take a decision that might run ` contrary ' to what is written down in law . 
  civil law over here is really pliable and far from rigid . 
  i got mass attacked because of my considerations regarding the common law system , but apparantly more people here - and that amazes me - did n't see that civil law itself is really flexible when necessary . 
  jurisprudence has just as well developed many important principles that are being followed by the judiciary . 
  as already suggested below : that will grant them martyrdom . 
  but even if that was n't the case , and we were talking about some serial killer , even then i would have endless problems with the death penalty . 
  ignoring the grave consequences if the wrong person is sentenced to death ( as happened dozens of times in the usa by now ... ) , punishing someone with the same act as the crime he is being convicted for is just morally wrong in my eyes . 
  there is a taboo on murder in civilized nations , and this taboo should not be lifted for the sake of justice . 
  it is just plain wrong to kill another human being , save situations of self-defence . 
  soon there will be vodka on the rocks if this keeps up . 
  stranded vodka . 
  regarded by whom exactly ? 
  also , as i said , he stereotyped it . 
  the man was nuanced enough to say that is was not completely without its uses . 
  to give my view on this : probably america gets brought up in just about every economical argument since the us are being seen as the home base of present day capitalism . 
  not to say that the us controls the entire economic system or something like it , but it is a vital link . 
  also , with respect to other topics and especially foreign policy : the us has really tried to make itself hated around the world in the past . 
  this hate once again reached europe during bush his presidency , which has sadly left a lasting mark on many world citizens . 
  i will immediatly add to this that criticism on the us is not always fair - and sometimes even results from other reasons - but it should n't be disregarded as if it is not worth reading . 
  what can be carefully concluded is that the previous administration has severely damaged the us its reputation abroad and mending that image will still take many years . 
  but this is off topic . 
  i do n't want to get into this much more . 
  completely . 
  if there is little to gain after weighing the possible risks and advantages - as you suggest - then it is best to refrain from such changes . 
  as the old saying goes : if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . 
  i will immediatly add to this that every person , guilty or innocent , that gets wrongfully sentenced or acquitted is one person too many . 
  if simple statistics would prove that the abolition of jury administration of justice will result in say 1 less mistake in every 100 cases , that would already be worth it in my eyes . 
  but i ca n't back that up , although it should be looked into by doing some meta study on the subject . 
  let me just say that pragmatism demands me to let go of my view that every developed country that uses jury speech should get rid of it as quick as possible . 
  let me just limit that to : the uk ( for example ) should get rid of its jury system whenever this is reasonable . 
  it enhances trust whenever trust is * lacking * . 
  one could also say that being trialed ` by the people ' also undermines the trust the people have in their own system whenever it fails . 
  i can see why people like it , and it might have made sense in the past , but in the 21st century such a system is no longer required . 
  i believe society has matured enough to put a decent other system into a place . 
  a system with plenty of checks and balances , that can earn the trust and goodwill of the people . 
  i can see ` why ' people find the jury system appealing - and the idea behind it is inspiring - but present day value is mainly romantic instead of real . 
  that is not the case . 
  i simply look upon the entire jury system as a system that is more * prone * to fail , if not much more . 
  but to say that ` swathes of innocent british people are being sent to jail ' would indeed be way over the line . 
  that is not the case . 
  also , my resentment for the jury system has largely been inspired by the long list of miscarriages of justice in the usa . 
  maybe you can point out some differences between the us and the uk that makes a uk jury more ` competent ' ? 
   most countries outside of western and northern europe operating this system are not democracies as we see them and problems do arise from this . 
  just mentioning : i completely agree to this . 
  civil law is best reserved for the more developed parts of the world , although corruption is not limited to judges . 
  but indeed : i believe that a jury * might * be a more stable option for a less advanced state . 
  what this all seems to boil down to is to whether the judiciary can be considered part of the state . 
  over here , we pretty much separated every link between the state and the judiciary . 
  as far as i know , the judiciary can pretty much write its own budget and the only apparant link between the state and the judiciary is a small council named raad voor de rechtspraak ( council for the judiciary ) . 
  it consists of 4 people , 2 always being judges . 
  although this is nothing but an advisory ( and budgettary ) organ , so disregarding this organ there is no noteworthy link left . 
  to even add to this : the supreme court has developed a real habit of confronting politicians ( in the media if necessary ) whenever they seem to even remotely interfere with the judiciary , for example by ` doubting ' the height of sentences given during a certain high profile case . 
  interesting . 
  i 'll keep this in mind . 
  well , i believe it is best to finish this as we seem to have wildly different opinions with regard to both systems . 
  i would n't expect something else though , but let me get back at this one thing :  why ? 
  i 'd argue that case law is more certain . 
  it is rooted in practical reality . 
  codification is rooted in theory . 
  especially the last part stings , as theory is being seen as to be likely incompatible with reality . 
  now , that * has been true * on more than one occassion over here , but that does not make codification * absolute * . 
  there are different views on how ` far ' codification should go . 
  over here , we codify just about everything , but keep the civil code for example open enough for interpretation . 
  it 's not like the parliament issues a book with some holy rules that are deemed infallible . 
  that is not how it works , at all . 
  but we can agree to disagree . 
  you know your stuff apparantly , and the eternal divide between common and civil law has become clear again . 
  of course , but you seem to believe that simply because the question whether someone is guilty or innocent is so simple that it can be answered by a panel of lay persons . 
  even declaring people guilty or innocent demands the careful weighing of evidence and professional observation of the behavior of the accused . 
  i do not consider a lay person capable for that .
