  i myself do not see the eu in any world union with the middle-east for example : the differences are immense , which shall make such a union impossible for a long time into the future . 
  everything that ends on - ism should be avoided , as it promotes a stiff and rigid view on the rest of the world . 
  basically every - ism is a list of principles that have been grabbed together to which someone that adheres to this - ism will never compromise on . 
  a pragmatic view on the world will help you to prevent getting to such a state of mind and i suggest you switch to it . 
  a few years back , a younger me also believed in certain - ism 's until i found out how uncompromising it can make people : it gives a false sense of knowledge , with the ideology in question becoming your own personal gospel . 
  idealism should die - and it should do so today . 
  it is one of the major holdbacks on human development . 
  one species , not one people . 
  get out of that dreamworld and talk with the people out there : they do not share your ideas - that much is bitter reality . 
  idealism often gets choked in the swamp of reality , which makes me avoid it all times . 
  you would do best to do the same . 
   what i wanted to say is that there is no hidden agenda for the eu to become a supranational totalitarian states , that might be jumping the gun a little : if the eu would ever become a ( con ) federation , i do not expect it to fit in the category ` dystopia ' . 
  neither do i see the eu as a bureaucratic monster : rather as an entity that is far from perfect at this stage . 
  this imperfection makes me shudder at / u/donmanuel his comment , which seems to simply go past all these shortcomings . 
  i agree with most of what you said , including the ever ongoing battle between supranationalism and intergovernmentalism , although i 'd argue that the eu is much closer to supranationalism nowadays than intergovernmentalism . 
  intergovernmentalism is often directly connected to the word ` unanimity ' , something which qmv goes directly against . 
  thanks for the sobering response . 
  very dutch of you , my friend  . 
  well , since i am a legal scholar i am kind of known with the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality . 
  if i am not mistaken those have even been strengthened in the lisbon treaty from a few years back . 
  the eu is slowly moving towards an ever more federal system , which you can notice in the way powers are being transferred : gradually , but ever ongoing . 
  never in the history of the eu , but correct me if i 'm wrong , have powers that belong to the eu been returned to the member states . 
  the eu itself is one way traffic towards a federal state , although there hardly is any talk about it . 
  however , i admit that for the untrained eye this trend is indeed difficult to notice . 
  when a discussion finally erupts around certain powers that the eu has gathered the standard answer will be ` this is how we arranged it ' or ` it 's better to solve this on a european level ' . 
  something which is most of the times very true , yet it testifies to how power is being transferred : in the shadows , and mostly out of publicity . 
  as a federalist myself , this bothers me . 
  you say that the eu has no calling to replace national , regional or local governments , which is true on paper and in practice for now . 
  the trend is there however , and it is no secret that quite a few european politicians would like to see the nation state disappear . 
  that i do not oppose , as long as it is not forced upon people . 
  a dreadful statement this is . 
  and that is being said by someone that considers himself an eu federalist . 
   all nations should ` just ' replace each top government with the eu-parliament ... not to mention that you apparantly want to invest executive powers into the legislative body that is called the eu-parliament , which goes directly against the separation of powers . 
  but maybe you mean the european commission here on which you would to bestow sweeping powers of government . 
  your idea of ` great individual democracy ' i find rather appaling : the eu itself got a massive problem regarding its democratic legitimation and what you are proposing here actually widens the gap between the average citizen and the ruling elite . 
  the distance between politicians and citizens will become even greater when regional governments would be coerced to give up powers in favor of the supranational eu . 
  the idea itself is also unworkable because you assume that the removal of a regional , local government can actually work . 
  what you actually propose is taking away a very important link that the people of any member state have with their nation . 
  it will not happen in the coming 100 years , and probably not even in the next 200 years . 
  this can only happen if the vast majority of people ( and not just 51 % ) identify as european ; something which is clearly not the case nowadays . 
  in the violence * shown * you are obviously correct . 
  but that is not what the discussion is about here : the turkish family and social policies ministry thinks that the game itself leads to violent * behavior * . 
  and the answer for that must probably be found in its addictive nature . 
  also , if you were to suggest that gta v tends to make people violent because of its overload of graphic violence then i have to disagree . 
  i have seen that argument being played ad nauseum for the past 10 years or so , but i have yet to meet the first gamer that became violent because of such games . 
  research has also never found such a link , despite what some highly conservative people on the other side of the atlantic want to make the world believe . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  maybe there will be an english/french speaking elite unit the size of a corps , but overall the first stages of such a military will be dominated by national subunits . 
  given how the eu works nowadays , i expect that an eu army can only come into existence gradually , just like powers are very gradually transferred from member states to brussels . 
  it will probably start out with something like : 90 % of all military forces belong to the member states , 10 % belongs to brussels . 
  as time passes , the member states lose more soldiers while brussels gains them . 
  seems like uncle vlad has been found . 
  well , i can imagine a way how it can make children violent : minecraft is a highly addictive game and addiction in children can be even more ugly than with adults . 
  if you happen to disturbe a gaming addict during an intense session the response indeed can range somewhere from uninterested/not listening to outright violent . 
  but this ban is ridiculous in that way , as such a reason for banning it assumes that everybody can become addicted to a video game . 
  a weird step , but i am not surprised that this happens in turkey as of 2015 . 
  indeed , and that trend is worrying to some extent . 
  but then again , over here the pvv is also polling high most of the time , which makes me think that anti-austerity is surely not the only reason why new parties are rising all across europe . 
  all of this with popular support of course . 
  i was indeed referring to german voters in this specific context but thinking of it , you could expand what i said to european voters in general . 
  anti-austerity parties may be on the rise , but they by far do not form a majority in any european nation ( save greece ) , nor will they in the direct future . 
  / u/damntomatodamnit suggested that the eu is a union of equals , which it has not been for a long time in my opinion . 
  it is logical that berlin and paris got much more to say than our nations , given their large population and wealth . 
  it is an idea everyone should get used to and to be frank : it is rather fair . 
  i would not like to be dictated by a nation that is 5 to 10 times smaller than mine . 
  especially not in a club as large as the eu is . 
  qmv , the way in which european legislation comes into existence , already betrays that the eu can hardly be called an union of equals . 
  however , it does give a way to exert more influence for a country that could otherwise be coerced to make certain decisions . 
  at the end of the day , i accept that germany , france , the united kingdom and other large member states have more of a say than my nation or greece for that matter . 
  as for my response : it was n't ` anger ' or ` frustration ' , but more a sarcastic remark about the greek government its achievements so far . 
  maybe it indeed testified of bad taste , but the expectations about syriza were pretty high from the start - and as time passes it becomes increasingly less likely that syriza will succeed to such an extent that the solution will be satisfactory to the average greek . 
  i think - but this is based on my own ideas and observations - that the feeling of uneasyness with regard to greece is mostly fueled by the cultural and institutional differences underlying out nations . 
  do n't get me wrong : we are n't that far apart , and we belong in the eu together , but i understand that a citizen here is simply baffled that the greek state can not perform the most basic task of statehood , that being having a completely functional system of taxation . 
  something like that can not be explained to a citizen of a highly organized northern european country as it immediatly reeks of inefficiency , bureaucracy , corruption and other terms with a negative connatation . 
  however , germans for example - being aware of their history - are very reluctant to be openly negative about another people and have showed great patience so far . 
  the fact that this balance has been tipped is very worrying as pissing off the germans in such a way is not really easy to achieve . 
  as for the ties that have been created after the introduction of the euro : most people do not care about it , as long as everyone holds up his end of the bargain . 
  it is logical that people here judge another nation by the way they know it should be run : efficiently , transparantly and responsibly . 
  after saying this , i will immediatly emphasize that i do * not * intend to say that greece does not fulfill these three basic requirements , but it is further down the good-bad scale than the netherlands or germany for example . 
  an option here could be leaving the eu ( following artc . 
  50 ) while rejoining it again in another treaty . 
  since greece is a member of the eurozone it could be readily reaccepted in a relatively short time , maybe as soon as a couple of days . 
  the european council could iron that out with some pragmatism . 
  [ * poffertjes * . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/nl-nl-poffertjes.ogg ), 
  good point : i really wonder whether the calvinistic roots of this country have a lot to do with our dreadful cuisine . 
  i can imagine that food was only seen as something ` functional ' in the past , instead of something that can be enjoyed . 
  also , some dutch guy in another topic posted here a few months ago pointed out that our cuisine is based around the needs of a 19th century peasant . 
  to work on the land for a day on end requires a lot of energy , which apparantly played an important role in the development of our ` cuisine ' . 
  that seems logical at first sight , but then again greece its economical weight is very small compared to the rest of the eurozone . 
  it will cause a serious crisis if greece were to pull out , but i think it will not shatter the eurozone in the long term . 
  that would be completely different though if italy would run for the door , or spain . 
  the eu and the emu are not the same thing , as has been explained ad nauseum so far . 
  the collapse of the emu is far more likely than a possible collapse of the eu . 
  also , no one can be ` kicked ' out , although the other member states could unilaterally draw up new treaties and withdraw from the current ones . 
  but a lot of annoyance will be necessary for such a step , and as i implied : greece its government is making great strides to make that happen . 
  you mix up the attitude of the greek government that ruled the past 5 years with the necessity to present greece in a favorable light . 
  especially when the debate moves to closer to a debt write-off , it is extremely important to convince the average voter out there . 
  this * does not help * . 
  some time back i already said that the average dutch voter would probably drop greece in a heartbeat if he had the chance , and this will only worsen it .
