  3 ) good : i only wanted to see this acknowledged . 
  yes , anti-islamic sentiment is very strong in the eastern and more central parts of europe . 
  poland for example is a nation of which i 've noticed this in the past ( and still in the present ) . 
  a people ( whether that be the slovak people , polish people , or whatever other group ) has the right to democratically choose to close their borders to such people . 
  there are some requirements though : - this has to be decided through the ballot box , not via opinion polls or something . 
  - this has to be cast into law , which includes pulling out of other obligations that make such laws impossible . 
  also , factually they are discriminating . 
  despite the negativity surrounding this word , it means nothing less than making a difference between people . 
  slovakia will do just that when it decides to not accept anyone , regardless of religious background , but only christians . 
  it would violate article 3 ; you can rest assured that is so . 
  slovakia should therefore pull out if the sentiment you are describing is really that overwhelming . 
  it is better than the situation we 've been talking about the past hour or so . 
  4 ) i understand that you have this impression , but no one is holding a knife at slovakia 's throat . 
  there is simply an appeal to solidarity to be made here , as it is an eu problem after all ( since italy and greece ca n't handle the flow ) . 
  slovakia of course could also decide to take in no people and allocate additional funds to frontex , as a compromise . 
  this thing does reach into the reality of eu politics though : the largest , richest states have most of a say . 
  i do not consider this disadvantegous by default , as it makes decision making easier . 
  if you look at the legislative procedure of the eu , you 'll also notice that larger states have much more of an influence than say my country or slovakia . 
  but again : if germany expects to take in about 800.000 people ( !!! ), 
  - a truly astronomical number - then what is the fuss about ? 
  one of the cornerstones of europe is solidarity and the goal to end inequality . 
  if you look at the [ treaty on the european union ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=oj:c:2010:083:full&amp;from=en ) you 'll notice this in article 3 ( especially sections 2 through 6 ) . 
  article 7 could be used to ` punish ' slovakia . 
  i am not saying i want to see that happen though : the point is to describe what the eu treaties say about situations like these . 
  i do . 
  we do not differ on that point , for what it 's worth . 
  i mainly focus on the way in which it should be done , that being that it should be in accordance with the law . 
  i know this is boring and seemingly a long road , but the law has to be respected . 
  also , do n't you think that slovakia makes a bit of a fuss about it for so little people ? 
  i mean , you know how many people sweden and germany will take in this year , which makes this a rather awkward point to make . 
  and come on : they do n't hate us all . 
  do n't see them as a cohesive group that thinks alike : that 's just wrong reasoning . 
  quotas are the solution here , not excluding them on basis of where they come from . 
  alright , i 'll just follow the same order : 1 . 
  at the moment none : it is just a european backroom deal , as we 've seen more often over the past years . 
  as i said : this part is voluntary . 
  it should n't , that 's the point !, 
  yet it is not hard to see how other treaties , dealing with a whole range of other subjects , may suffer the same fate . 
  you can not even make a proper deal with anyone anymore as you will have to fear that other entities party to it will just pull out at will . 
  it will bring about a lot of uncertainty . 
  in this case , it will shift the problem to the nations surrounding slovakia , that being other eu nations . 
  they wo n't be happy about it . 
  i see a problem with [ this treaty ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html ) . 
  do you see article 3 in the convention ? 
  does n't get anymore clear than that in legal terms . 
  slovakia ascended to this treaty in [ 1993 ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b73b0d63.html ) . 
  i will remark that most of the world is party to this treaty . 
  i understand this point , yet again : slovakia must pull out of all treaties associated with this topic and accept the consequences . 
  see 3 . 
  i could look up some more protocols if you 'd like . 
  just let me know . 
  also : refugees indeed do not want to stay in slovakia , as many of them seem to have some kind of paradise idea about france , the uk , sweden and germany , next to some other nations i probably even mentioned . 
  slovakia indeed is n't popular , but the goal here is giving them shelter and - when applicable - give them a residence permit if all demands are met . 
  also : if slovakia already provided shelter to these people , they 'll have a hard time applying for refugee status again ( see the treaty i linked ) . 
  they of course could still make use of schengen , but there are rules associated with that as well . 
  next to schengen there is the eu section about freedom of movement , which does not allow someone to stay in another nation while unemployed forever . 
  the uk has used this escape to get rid of eastern european migrants in the uk . 
  yeah , social problems surround muslims all across europe . 
  it has real become a major point in politics over the past few years , but it seems to differ dramatically from nation to nation . 
  if you take the netherlands : we have some neighbourhoods with a high percentage of non-western immigrants ( mostly muslims ) , yet those neighbourhoods are nothing compared to the banlieus in france for example . 
  or the stuff that happens in malmo ( sweden ) . 
  the thing is that dozens of european nations have just mishandled the immigration thing over the past 30-40 years . 
  they should have aimed for full assimiliation , instead of ` integration ' . 
  the shit you are describing is the direct result of governments not being bothered to change the culture of a large group of people . 
  if traditional european ideas like secularism would 've been properly instilled in the very first generation of migrants ( and subsequent generations , just to be sure ) this misery would never have happened . 
  i am not saying that governments are at fault alone : many muslims flock together and like to isolate themselves from society . 
  the thing is that we allowed it for god knows how long , and now we 're presented with the results . 
  so you could even conclude that immigration itself does n't need to be a bad thing , as long as those people do n't come in too great numbers ( which they are now ) * and * are properly assimilated ( which they have n't been ) . 
  then there 's the difference between nation of origin : not to far away from where i live there are two centres for asylum seekers . 
  there are rougly two groups to be recognized : syrians , and eritreans . 
  the eritreans do n't cause trouble ( at least not for the people surrounding the centres ) , but they are by far the least civilized group . 
  the syrians on the other hand seem to be well educated , well behaved people and have caused no trouble at all in the two or so years they are here . 
  both are mainly muslims , which shows the pitfalls of thinking it is exclusively an islamic problem . 
  you can also see how the syrians here make up the middle class of syrian society , as they 're normal people . 
  they are real refugees . 
  the eritreans on the other hand seem to be economic migrants . 
  the downvote button is not a disagree button ganymede , and i 'm actually trying to explain something here . 
  there is not point in repeating what you said before and evading what i said in turn . 
  i 'd like to see you try again and actually attack my points , specifically the ones concerning international treaties and how not living up to those treaties will have repercussions to slovakia . 
  just answer the following questions : - tell me why slovakia is exempt from not living up to those treaties ? 
  - why should the netherlands still do so as well , if slovakia refuses to do so ? 
  - what is the use of treaties if any nation decides to ignore it whenever the hell it likes to do so ? 
  - could states even engage in trade and mutual relations knowing that this can happen ? 
  - do you understand that there will be repercussions for not living up to those treaties ? 
  really , i completely understand why you are defending your point . 
  i honestly do . 
  the thing is that political ideas never - ever - trump laws . 
  never . 
  if you want the law to change , or if you want to pull out of treaties , it has to happen democratically . 
  that being : slovakia must formally pull out of all relevant treaties and accept all consequences associated with acting in such a way . 
  when that happens , slovakia can do what it wants . 
  until then it ca n't . 
  i have no trouble in that : i took two courses in eu law , and one in international law so i probably have above average legal knowledge . 
  your earlier comments on the other hand , where you wish the push the rule of law aside by not living up to international treaties , betray that you do not have any professional legal knowledge . 
  i 'm almost certain that a lawyer or any other legal professional would never make such statements , wherever in europe . 
  this gave it away to me . 
  moreover , i do n't even understand why you start talking about the eu here , while my previous comment was actually focussed on international law - and not european law . 
  the latter has got a ` status aparte ' in the legal hierarchy . 
  again : this betrays that you do n't understand the topic , and are mainly driven by political ideas . 
  i have seen the same pattern here in the netherlands , especially on far-right websites .
