  though i 've seen similar threads on / r/europe with much more oneliners , of course often in the form ` for fucks sake ! ', 
  or ` here we go again ! ', 
  or ` we need to ` do ' something about all this ' - type comments . 
  this time it seems to be a bit less , but thought through commentary is few and far between . 
  it 's mostly emotional , panicking boys that are spreading their ramblings again . 
  for me it confirms that at least part of the western world has become mortally afraid , to the point of cowardism . 
  it indeed mostly follows that pattern , although not always . 
  most of the times it 's this lowlife guy that wasted his life , never got a job or was a small-time criminal in the past , that suddenly wants to make it ` all right ' again by doing something as savage as this . 
  probably the same with this guy again . 
  a fatal cocktail of mostly mental illness , together with religious indoctrination - often self imposed . 
  the guys doing this are mostly the ones that have failed in life and want to vindicate themselves before their ` god ' in some grand , yet idiotic action . 
  this is the result , i 'm afraid . 
  maybe some german / r/europe subscriber can explain a bit more ? 
  i figure the information available still amounts to crumbs , but german media will probably pick up more details soon enough . 
  thanks for the detailled reply . 
  it 's a rare thing nowadays to have such a conversation here , but proof that it is n't time wasted ( fortunately ! ) . 
  i 'm going to reflect on what you have said : there is some quite interesting stuff in the replies above , which gives food to further thought . 
  thank you for this discussion . 
   completely differing ideals on how a judge should behave ? 
  completely differing ideals on how the law should be interpreted . 
  personal convictions of a judge do hold some sway when it comes down to explaining the law in unclear situations , and the pvv for example protested against a prospect high court judge a couple of years back because she was apparantly a pvda ( dutch labour ) member . 
  this did not matter for other parties , and in the end , she was confirmed nearly unanimously . 
   i 'm sure there are plenty of calm , rational pvv members . 
  there were calm , rational nazis and calm , rational communists too . 
  despite both their ideologies being disgusting , abhorent , and responsible for millions of deaths . 
  and i do n't think the pvv is on the same level of extremism as either of those . 
  no , it is n't on the same level . 
  and anecdotal evidence got its own value in the absence of research , but really : this view is shared by lots of other people here , no matter whether you 're a green party adherent , socialist or conservative : it does not matter . 
  fear , anger and overall ignorance seems to band most of the pvv lot together . 
  really , i have given those people a chance for years on end . 
  but in the end , i can not conclude something that would be a lie , that being that pvv supporters are like any ordinary people . 
  certain traits are overrepresented among them , and i am not going to deny that just because you want me to be ` correct ' . 
  impressions count - and my view on those people has not come into existence overnight . 
  * it took 10 + years . 
  * sure , there are normal people among them , plenty of them . 
  but the less intelligent part of society is overrepresented among them , which is even more noticeable if you take into account that comparatively few higher educated people vote on the pvv ( i could link you the studies if you want , as this effect has been there for a long time ! ) . 
  the party 's views are inherently simplistic and that drives the higher educated away from the pvv 's radicalism . 
   that 's a ridiculous opinion . 
  and i 'm sure there are pvv voting judges . 
  i know for a fact that a significant portion of law students are right of center in my country , many of them with fp\u00d6 sympathies . 
  the law students i studied with were indeed more towards the right as well , but not towards the pvv . 
  the vvd is as far as it goes , maybe with a few voting for the new forum for democracy ( fvd ) party that has come along recently . 
  it is impossible to say for sure , but the simplistic and radical ideas of the pvv will not easily attract a reasonable person . 
  and if it happens , that person may vote pvv strategically - for example because they want to see ` one issue ' realized . 
  i think the latter kind will undoubtedly exist among the judiciary , but then again , they will be ( very ) rare . 
  but die hard pvv supporters that believe we need to close shut the borders , end the lifeterm appointments of judges and that want to reinstate the guilder in place of the euro ? 
  good luck finding many of them among the judiciary . 
  they 'll exist of course , but more than a dozen in the entire netherlands ? 
  who will say . 
   you , and people in the political mainstream/center are the only people who truely act based on facts . 
  yes , we will not find agreement on this , i 'm afraid . 
  no , as this is a gross mischaracterization of what i said . 
  i however do shun rampant idealism to the point that one will lose touch with reality , thus i naturally gravitate more towards the center . 
  and the stereotype in that sense nearly always comes true : people on the fringes are just that much more emotional and irrational . 
  that 's what i observed , and i do not doubt that being the right conclusion in by far most cases . 
  i will not change that opinion . 
  also , be reminded that there is no guarantee of me having the same idea about fpo supporters if i would 've lived in austria for the past few years . 
  it 's dangerous to directly compare both , just because both are labeled als populist parties . 
   btw , `` centrist '' certainly ranges from conservative liberals to social democrats . 
  that 's pretty much the definition of the political center . 
  if your significant leftwing party actually wants to seize the means of production , if needed violently expropriate capital owners and end all private property then holy shit . 
  that 's quite unique in western europe . 
  i wonder why they support the judicial process of a liberal republic , though . 
  that goes completely against their ideology . 
  centrism over here would be christian democracy and social-liberalism ( to some extent ) . 
  all other flavors are classified as center-left , left , center-right , etc. 
  maybe it 's different in austria then , but here the center would certainly not contain the vvd for example . 
  or the green party . 
  i think by far most people would be confused if you call them centrists here . 
  the sp got hard left ideas in general , but violent expropriation of capital would not be one of them . 
  ending all private property also more or less sounds like some very old fashioned communist or anarchist ideal , and i wonder how many parties in europe that call themself socialist today have such views . 
  do you know any ? 
  edit : fixed a sentence . 
  in that case , the worst is indeed off the table . 
  one could ask what the government got to gain in this situation though , especially in connection to the other two proposals that have been effectively blocked . 
  i do n't think a rather ` boring ' motive like better getting more grasp on the finances of the judiciary in certain courts would be the real reason . 
  what do you think ? 
   we do n't know that . 
  we can deduce that much , as judges are now being confirmed to the high court by a set of parties with completely differing ideas . 
  also , the sp in the netherlands is pretty much truly socialist in case you 're interested . 
  that 's why they 've never truly come close to holding power . 
   in your mind someone with pvv values cant be a good judge and the system is set uo to prevent them from being one . 
  yet somehow you think judge appointment is non-political . 
  no , in my mind a judge is someone that refrains from showing unnecessary emotion and always keeps the rational side - the one that is used to interpret the law - above the emotional one . 
  the simple fact that nearly all pvv supporters i 've met in my life - and those are n't exactly a few ( ! ), 
  - do not fit that profile is not my fault . 
  the ideals of pvv supporters are of little interest to me with regard to being part of the judiciary . 
  it 's about the way * to * those ideas , and the flawed mental decision making process that preceeds it . 
  that 's why a pvv supporter would almost never fulfill the requirements to hold a judicial office . 
  also , by far most judges are moderates and not radicals , just as it should be . 
   do n't pretend to argue from some perspective of objective truth rather than preference . 
  we will not reach any agreement on this , since you keep clinging onto this point of view . 
  i do want to add that the conspiracy thinking you unfolded above was out of line , especially for someone that is not known with how it works here . 
  the second chamber at this point counts more than 10 very different parties of which a grand majority still manages to confirm high court appointments . 
  i think that is proof enough to a rubber stamp situation , whether you agree to it or not . 
  as said before , you can not logically claim only centrists win in the current situation , as ` centrists ' here ranges from socialists to conservative liberals . 
  it does not make sense . 
  honestly , i think ` dictatorship ' is also kind of misplaced when talking about the case of singapore . 
  i think ( effective ) single party state ( as it was for a long time ) would be more correct - yet the differences between that and a dictatorship are nowadays rather slim . 
  the thing with dictatorships is that the dictator nearly always places himself above the law , as you correctly state .
