  damn , you did it again . 
  using nazi at random - and out of context - to shut up people that do not share your world views . 
  i 'm completely fine with you being a lefty and i actually respect your views , but using such sad tactics to get rid of unwanted opinions is below all level . 
  the demeanor of those people , although i do not use physical characteristics to come to that conclusion , is often quite different . 
  it does feel threatening , but one should not blame physical characteristics for it . 
  the thing is that many people feel uncomfortable by it and that should not be swept under the rug . 
  culture is widely different as well . 
  at best the negative consequences can be minimized by far going assimilation measures , but i already expect that the failed tactic of integration will be utilized again . 
  those that have a legit reason to be in germany - that being a statistical minority - should be absorbed into germany as quickly as possible . 
  the entire internal debate in germany about this often gives the impression of a severe underestimation of the social problems that will follow up after this . 
  that part arguably worries me the most : the pro camp seems very short term oriented and mostly ideologically motivated . 
  me : it 's just feeling uncomfortable at the look of so many foreign people that originate from a completely different place . 
  their behavior is indeed very different ( i live close to two ayslum centres myself ) and feels odd and mysterious . 
  you can easily ask yourself if you can get that awkwardness out of those people with even the most thorough assimilation procedure . 
  you can not deny that ethnocentrism is a characteristic that many people share , and it is closely linked to national identity . 
  people feel that identity is infringed upon in such cases . 
  because the extreme left in germany has never wrecked shit ? 
  be objective and condemn both extremes , instead of only one of them - the one which you completely incorrectly summarize as ` the right ' . 
  i feel for you guys , as that indeed seems to be the general trend in the german media . 
  i can still vividly remember merkel her comment that the people opposing all this were ` cold hearted ' : it really was beyond all shame . 
  a moral lecture on no morally superior grounds , yet it was still shoved down the throat of a lot of germans . 
  germany will come around , but only when the damage has been done . 
  exactly the same as here in the past . 
  right , because that 15 year old kid got off so well with his life sentence . 
  sigh . 
  makes sense on the part of adapting , yet you have to remember that the first generation immigrants were left completely alone for say 20-30 years . 
  suddenly we would impose all kinds of requirements on mostly old people which we have n't for decades , while said persons will retire in a few years anyways . 
  it was n't the law of the land back then and you could ask yourself the question if such legislation is even fair if you take the inaction of many successive governments into account . 
  for newcomers : 100 % yes though . 
  the same multicultural society i learned about in school so many years ago , the one that claimed that we have to be so extremely sensitive to other cultures ( to the detriment of problem solving ) and place all cultures on the same footing as my own , is pretty dead to be honest . 
  just ask around whether people think dutch culture is equal to say turkish culture . 
  the responses will make you change your mind . 
  if you were referring to the netherlands as a country that contains multiple cultures than you are right of course , but this could be said of many nations out there . 
  the mark of a multicultural society is equal and open exchange of ideas among cultures , and that is certainly not happening on a large scale in the netherlands as of 2015 . 
  as pointed out : the netherlands has become pillarised again . 
  i sometimes joke that we actually are a multicultural society : a society in which multiple cultures live mostly past each other instead of besides one another . 
  precisely . 
  it really mostly revolves around language and it is appalling to see that so many former migrants thought so easily about it . 
  the government surely is n't innocent as well : they allowed those problems to linger on for three decades before finally realizing the extent of the problem . 
  let 's hope it gets fixed asap : it 's in everyone 's best interest . 
  my expectation is that most damage is already done and therefore the focus seems to be on damage control . 
  i think the language problem will be mostly rooted out eventually , but certainly not until another 30 years have passed . 
  the first and second generation can not be properly helped anymore , at least not in majority . 
  the best we could do is bind them to the dutch state , but the increasing segregation will make that very hard . 
  in short , these integration related problems will be solved some day , but not for another few decades at least . 
  depends on what you call better . 
  legislation for newcomers has become much stricter , including language requirements . 
  for those already here , often people that have been here for decades , not much has changed . 
  chronic unemployment still plagues this group , and language problems persist as far as into the third generation . 
  as far as i know the latter is a point of special interest , but i do n't dare to say whether much has improved so far . 
  frankly , society here has gotten increasingly segregated in the same period . 
  anti islamic sentiment and the lack of will to interact with dutch society ( instead preferring ones own community ) got a lot to do with it . 
  for one , the taboo on talking about problems with minorities and integration in general has subsided . 
  the death of multiculturalism has also coincided with the end of the monopoly of political correctness . 
  in general you could say it is finally possible to discuss a whole range of subjects that were ` not done ' in the past , which in turn functions as a much needed escape valve for societal unrest . 
  can confirm : we woke up somewhere in the early 2000 's . 
  many countries are still lagging behind though , but there are signs that even sweden ( out of all nations ... ) is turning . 
  i 'm at least happy to know that the multicultural society , that idea that never existed in the hearts of most people here , is dead . 
  it was a dangerous , ideological experiment that should not have been allowed to get so much airplay throughout the years . 
  whether it is the people of the uk deciding on eu membership , the people of my country deciding on the european constitution , or the entirety of europe deciding on turkish membership : it does not matter . 
  the people are not able to see all ends , or at least most implications , and are therefore unable to decide about this subject . 
  the entire idea is ludicrous and will likely lead to even more discord . 
  might as well flip a coin . 
  really , if you imagine what kind of media circus such a referendum would create it is best to not hold it anyways . 
  as has been seen often more than once with referendums , the side with the most well oiled propaganda machine got greater odds at winning . 
  i am against turkey joining and a shit load of things need to change in turkey for it to even remotely come close to membership . 
  besides , many european governments will prevent turkey from joining if it does not fulfill the criteria . 
  the same criteria turkey will have to fulfill anyways , no matter how you turn it . 
  where did orban 's fence go ? 
  thanks as well !, 
  since you 're a first hand acquaintance of russian society , you do got me curious about this :  of course , this situation is unstable and ca n't continue forever . 
  a russian girl i spoke to some time back actually said the same . 
  she said that the entire thing would fall apart in a few years time ( which i considered too optimistic to be frank ) , but she as well predicted the demise of the current system . 
  how would this work according to you ? 
   some behaviour that is n't required anymore in today 's society still lives on . 
  unless i 'm mistaken , trust in the government is still pretty high in russia - at least if we need to believe the figures . 
  could this tendency to trust the government be seen in the light of this particular behavior ? 
  we still have the uk to do that fortunately - and i hope it stays like that for a long , long time . 
  also , that franco-german axis has weakened a lot since the dawn of the financial crisis : the twin engines are no more . 
  one of them clearly has much more power and you know very well which nation that is . 
  because auschwitz . 
  that 's basically the counterargument you hear all the time - and that very pavlov reflex can really get on ones nerves . 
  let 's face it : people live more unhealthy lives nowadays and this translates directly to dna damage . 
  if we do not get rid of those faults humanity may be at great risk of extinction in the far future . 
  even in the close future i do not think it should be morally looked down upon to maximize the genetic potential of any person as it borders free choice . 
  it is your body , you should be able to do with it whatever you want , right ? 
  i scratched my head quite often asking myself that very question . 
  on the first part i 'd say : let 's just try for starters , instead of accepting the flawed system that we got today . 
  we do have a good idea of what could work , that being meritocracy or technocracy ( both are quite similar though ) . 
  the real difficulty lies in the second part : how do you get the most capable and balanced persons on top ? 
  i think this needs to happen by either 1 ) a revolution or coup , as there is a great chance that the current political class will not give up its acquired power voluntarily , or 2 ) by convincing the current rulers to update the current system , mostly by incorporating meritocratic principles and hard coding them into the constitution and lower legislation . 
  the greatest danger of meritocracy is that it dramatically narrows down the list of people eligible for high public office . 
  this could in turn lead to nepotism and other forms of moral corruption , thus such a system needs to contain many failsafes . 
  one of those would be increasing ( active ) judicial oversight on people holding high public office and at the same time guaranteeing that the judiciary and executive are fully separated . 
  good and compassionate leadership - aimed at maximizing prosperity and happiness among the people - should be directives that are to be followed at all times . 
  we could probably fill numerous pages discussing how such a system would work ( done it before ) , but i 'm convinced that it is do-able . 
  it does require a lot of thinking and puzzling to make it so , but it surely is not impossible !, 
  brave of you to speak out about it . 
  i never really understood the moral taboo on it as long as we do n't go further than genetically purifying the dna of ourselves and future babies . 
  edit : re-added ` ourselves ' .
