  your previous statement :  ` he is as left as they get in the netherlands ' is really difficult to understand as well : many of the sp members of parliament are * way * more leftwing than the most left pvda politician in parliament . 
  the pvda is left wing in name only . 
  it has lost the link with its labour voters a long time ago after a few bouts of electoral justice . 
  if you were to ask me which ` left wing ' parties the netherlands really knows , i think we are pretty much done with the sp and groenlinks . 
  but who cares : i will almost certainly never vote left . 
  although i was completely opposed to the election of syriza , i * wanted * to believe that they found some common ground in europe , yet all i noticed over the past few months were diplomatic insults , not keeping promises and implied attempts to undermine the eu . 
  the few visits to moscow are still stored somewhere in the back of my mind . 
  what is most interesting is how the probable exit of greece out of the eurozone will be sold to the masses . 
  will it be ` the fault ' of those evil institutions ? 
  will it be a lack of ` solidarity ' that never in any way existed in europe before tsipras starting crusading it ? 
  who knows , but the real people at fault will probably try to shift the blame to simply cover their retreat . 
  which reminds me : how many greek politicians and civil servants guilty to the rising budget deficit during the ' 00 's have been put on trial ? 
  watch it dclauzel . 
  do n't make yourself - or more importantly - all of the moderation department here a target again . 
  at times it is best to simply ignore it all and refrain from any further statements , especially when said statements will be controversial . 
  we 've seen enough drama here so far . 
  to add my opinion : your explanation for the myriad of downvotes is not restricted to the categories of people you named , i am pretty sure about that . 
  to be honest , megathreads bury posts like no other . 
  if there is something we arguably need less it are those particular megathreads . 
  unless everyone here enjoys reading 1000 + post threads . 
  five lost years indeed . 
  indeed , that case pretty much nailed it . 
  interesting to see how they explained article 12 , as the court pretty much did the expected thing here . 
  thanks for highlighting that case again !, 
  this is by far the best comment in this entire thread . 
  you summarized the idiocy of asking such an extremely complicated question to a people that is not fit to answer it . 
  it really shows the pitfalls of democracy and that overwhelming tendency to look at the short term . 
  i hate to spoil the fun here , but you might consider reading the echr again , specifically article 12 . 
  let me [ link ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/digital-agenda/sites/digital-agenda/files/convention_eng.pdf ) it here . 
  the echr ironically has ( out of context ) defined marriage as a union between a man and a woman :  men and women of marriageable age have the right to marry and to found a family , according to the national laws governing the exercise of this right . 
  you of course could interpret that article differently and read it as ` all men and women of marriageable age have the right to marry , regardless of the composition of said union ' . 
  but even then it is hard , as the text itself probably refers to the outcome of a historical negotiation process in which several states pushed for only m/f marriage . 
  the court uses such historic legal information to interpret the rule . 
  it would come down to asking the european court of human rights to ignore the entire history of said article and in some way or another downplay its text by using article 14 ( the ban on discrimination )  the enjoyment of the rights and freedoms set forth in this convention shall be secured without discrimination on any ground such as sex , race , colour , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , association with a national minority , property , birth or other status . 
  he is n't arguing against that , is n't that a bit obvious ? 
  what / u/aftsailor meant - at least that is how i read it here - is that deportation is useless as said people will simply walk right back in . 
  fortress europe is n't locked down properly , hence he came to the conclusion that deportation is useless as it is not of a definitive nature . 
  once ` back in ' , people could take a hike from southern italy back to finland without being obstructed . 
  now , that might be a bit overreacted of course , but this is what he meant in my view . 
   separately , i am not sure how well you follow politics in the uk , but within each political party there are a number of factions and parliament has a range of voices on many issues . 
  i am aware of that . 
  just to throw in a random example : the large anti-eu faction of backbenchers within the conservative party . 
  but there still is something like party discipline in the uk , even though less strict than we see here . 
   this kind of fun picture is designed to entertain british people . 
  i think it is fun . 
  not being able to publish this kind of stuff is worse for a democracy than publishing it !, 
  principles are good . 
  as long as they still serve a higher purpose that is . 
  if what i described seriously damages your democracy , and even influences elections to some extent , this should be considered a problem . 
  defamation like this only adds negative things and legislation or self imposed rules to counter it will not bring about tyranny . 
  it seems a stretch that curtailing this little bit of media freedom will directly end the freedom the press enjoys in the uk . 
  to be frank : i do not believe that powerful media entities should even have the damn right to lower everyone 's intelligence like this , how much you might disagree with me on that . 
  anyways , we agree to disagree  . 
  i still enjoy reading about your view on all of this , even though it is so damn flawed when it comes down to the role of the media in my opinion . 
   but i am very happy that the uk has a free and angry press . 
  their should be no limits as to how they discuss elections . 
  i really consider this to be a bit peculiar , as it seems to be detrimental to the uk its very own democracy . 
  well , to throw in a random , but well meant insult : the uk can hardly be seen as a true democracy - as there are roughly two options to choose from in practice , which is one option more than north korea  . 
  even the latest election results still confirm that the uk is basically a two-party state . 
  but back to the media : there should at least be some basic media guidelines ( if only self imposed ) with regard to bringing the news . 
  take [ this example ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/incoming/article9409370.ece/alternates/w620/v3-miliband-selwynv2.jpg ) . 
  i have a lot of difficulty seeing how this adds to the pre-election discussion about whether labour should rule the uk after the 2015 elections earlier on this year . 
  it is just plain ad hominem , and poisonous to public opinion . 
  granted , ed milliband was a ` weak ' leader in my eyes , but stuff like this contributed to voting patterns . 
  freedom should not become a caricature of itself , that is all that is being said here . 
  common decency and a focus on contents should win over superficial verdicts . 
  edit : so yes , there need to be limits . 
   heart does n't need any `` neural infrastructure '' to beat . 
  fyi , human heart starts beating in the 3rd week ga. 
  the context here was after birth , so do n't go out cherrypicking for your own convenience . 
  as long as the medulla oblongata can not keep the heart beating after termination of the pregnancy , nor enable breathing , there can not be any talk of ` life ' . 
  or are you saying that a heart of fetus born before the 21-22 weeks boundary can actually beat without support of this particular region of the brainstem ? 
   5 months is a little more than 21 weeks , is this the argument ? 
  i was off a few days ? 
  now i could of course refer to the ` or so ' part after my five months example , but that would this even more trivial . 
  let 's not go there , for both our sakes . 
   this research only shows that fetuses in the 21st week of gestation show emotional responses , not that younger fetuses do n't show them just to end this : i resisted this idea that a fetus of a few months old is able of having complex thought and a whole myriad of feelings just like any other developed adult human . 
  there is a reason why i said this : people tend to get overly emotional when thinking of developing fetuses and have this idea that the way they think and reason is the same in such an entity . 
  that way of thinking is irrational , and wrong , and that is what the point was all about . 
  i am not debunking the gradual proces that you described . 
   emotional development is n't an overnight process ; brain structures necessary for the processing and classifying stimuli ( like amygdala ) are very complex and their development spans from the early gestation till about 2 years of age . 
  known to me and correct . 
  even then the development of the brain is far from over , with certain regions coming to fruition quicker than others . 
  it is for example interesting to see how a very young child at first can not perform the ` pincer grasp ' and how other fine motor skills develop throughout the lifespan of a human . 
  about that last part : there was some movement in that field with politico . 
  and it 's not like there is no reporting on what happens in ` brussels ' : a quick view on today 's headlines would already prove that is not true . 
  but indeed , if you mean that it is n't in depth enough i do agree . 
  out of my own experience i prefer inquiring above aggressive , as the latter leads to populism and power play . 
  we both have to acknowledge that newspapers like the daily mail for example ( or ` de telegraaf ' here ) hold serious power and that such power should be used responsibly . 
  were n't you at least a bit worried about the way the tabloids discussed elections in the uk ? 
  there are a few reasons to be considered here : - you are not sure that the child in question will grow up in a normal environment , as well as being well-cared for . 
  i will immediatly emphasize that i understand the argument ( i do n't completely discard it ) , but there are serious risks attached to it . 
  even sufficient legislation can not ensure that a child will grow up in a good foster family . 
  - the second argument revolves around quantity : can you find enough foster families to raise these children ? 
  i for one know that this is already a problem here in the netherlands - as there was a shortage of foster families a few years back - and i wonder if this is the case in poland as well . 
  do you happen to have any data on this ? 
  related to this , i 'd say that contraception alone is not enough . 
  people can be immature and stupid and thus a ` mistake ' is easily made , especially among young people . 
  should two 17 year olds be forced to care for a child they : a ) possibly do not want , and/or b ) can not take care of , from a financial or social perspective ? 
  abortion is just one method in a whole range measures to prevent unwanted pregnancy , something that has been pretty much downplayed in this entire thread .
