  it all boils down to legislation . 
  as a legal scholar myself i know how often regular politicians tend to screw up legislation because of their lack of knowledge about legal matters , as well as their tendency to create a myriad of exceptions to an otherwise cohesive new legal system . 
  this can be arranged via legislation , yet one can not escape the reality of giving some ` flexibility ' to judges due to the open ended wording of such provisions . 
  nevertheless , that is nothing judges in the 21st century ( edit ) ca n't handle . 
  maybe a familiar concept to you is that of ` treu und glauben ' : as obscure as it might look like , it does work pretty well in practice . 
  about the risk : i 'm not against drastically increasing the pay of politicians . 
  all the debates over the past few years about politicians ' salaries in the netherlands for example were very populist in nature , and highly irrelevant . 
  the pay of top ranking politicians is n't even in a drop in the full bucket of state finances , so this could reasonably be done . 
  not to say that we should make it [ singaporean ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/singapore-pm-lee-hsien-loong-remains-highest-paid-country-leader-1-7m-annual-salary-1493952 ) in nature ... but still : an increase in pay is desirable . 
  the overhaul would amount to - as you again correctly predicted - one of the options you described . 
  in this case it would be making it less democratic . 
  now do n't get turned off immediatly , but let me explain my views on what * could * be done to improve the current system : - decrease passive suffrage for high political office . 
  politicians that are interested in a powerful political office should adhere to minimum standards , for example a track record in his/her respective field and the necessary credentials to function there . 
  all too often i read of politicians - often the so-called career politicians that have been doing nothing else since they came of age - that do n't have the necessary experience and skills for their function . 
  this in turn will influence electoral topics and the overall quality of debate . 
  - strengthen the judiciary . 
  politicians should be subject to some very stringent judicial supervision , if necessary on a regular basis . 
  the penalties for crimes related to the political office in question should be severe , to prevent nepotism and other dangers associated with limiting passive suffrage . 
  - ensure a proper legal framework to make 1 and 2 possible . 
  contrary to what quite a few people think , it is not impossible to make a more meritocratic , fairer system possible . 
  without this framework the changes i described may not - under any circumstances - take effect . 
  any government that should be in place after such changes would therefore serve the people , and not the other way around - immediatly eliminating the most important need for the people to rule directly , that being the wish to prevent an unjust or even tyrannical government . 
  i care deeply about the preventing the latter and do not want to see people fall victim to some kind of mad experiment that was n't up to standards . 
  politics should inherently become more boring , and more aimed at bringing about the best solutions . 
  in short : more meritocratic elements by changing the requirements of the executive - and the responsibilities of the judiciary branches of government . 
  the bottom line should be that the people should be ruled by those that could look over them the best - thus maximizing their standard of living and well-being in general , while preventing the possible dangerous associated with such a system . 
  in the case of elections there are most of the time - though not always - a few key issues dominating the elections . 
  it may be different in germany , but over here quite of few of those issues are a problem because of the ideological divide in parliament , not because of its complexity . 
  however , asking the people to solve questions that have to do with geopolitics and the financial infrastructure for example is of an entirely different order : to even give a verdict about such topics demands any given person to have at least some professional knowledge about the topic . 
  you are right in pulling the topic of elections into this discussion , but in that case as well i am rather reserved about the will of the people . 
  i more than others am willing to admit that democracy is flawed and ( this is where most people stop ) needs to get an overhaul in the next few decades . 
  the failure of the ballot box is already clear in the weeks preceding the elections , when opinion polls are brought out on a regular basis . 
  the shifts you see there , based on a few loose and highly populist statement by some politicians during campaign time , makes you loose faith in democracy pretty quickly . 
  most democracies in the world , if not almost all , are not true democracies as the people in general only rule once every electoral cycle . 
  and even then they 're are as easily moved as a flag moving in the wind . 
  what happens in between cycles is also not up to them as we both know , so most democracies can indeed be considered ` elaborate schemes ' . 
  careful now . 
  if this pace continues we could be at 600k by the end of the year . 
  whether that is a positive development is a question i leave to the mod department to answer . 
  few issues to be frank , which explains why i am mostly against referendums unless the question at the hand is easy to answer with the knowledge of the average citizen . 
  most of those other referendums you talk about are also invalid from my view because of those same shortcomings . 
  at the point when we turn the people into some kind of grand oracle to answer such questions something clearly goes wrong . 
  i used to be fanatically pro-referendum a few years ago , until i started to realize how it can even worsen the clusterfuck that democracy nowadays amounts to . 
  we need to make things less complicated and more predictable , instead of the opposite - otherwise i fear mob rule is not far away . 
  great , another highly complicated question the people can not hope to answer . 
  your average citizen has no * idea * of all the implications involved and is therefore unfit to answer it by default . 
  i know , that is n't really a popular thing to say here but true nevertheless . 
  calling a referendum on topics like these is self defeating : might as well flip a coin . 
  i ca n't help but ask further clarification about this line :  we see the benelux as an alternative so in essence , we 'd rather transfer our national sovereignty towards them than towards the eu . 
  on what is this based may i ask ? 
  there is strong cooperation going on between the benelux countries , but the benelux as a structure lies dormant due to the rise of the eu . 
  the alternative you are describing may very well be non-existent , as the netherlands will almost surely never leave the eu . 
  i do not blame them after all the turmoil of the last years . 
  despite all of this i 'm still being fiercely in favor of federal europe somewhere down the line , but only when more people recognize themselves in such a new experiment . 
  i think we have to wait until the people that are 15-30 right now make up most of the current 40-60 age group before it could even be possible . 
  the only thing that could accelerate integration is another major conflict , or a credible threat that one might occur . 
  in other words : putin is likely the only person that can accelerate european integration . 
  then again , same as the greek referendum : people can almost impossibly comprehend all the impliciations associated with this question , which makes polls like these not worth much . 
  whether the result is ` in favor ' or ` against ' , does n't matter . 
  easy to say from a distance . 
  i imagine that the popular response to the entire greek crisis in the uk would be pretty equal to germany 's if it were to have dumped the pound sterling in favor of the euro . 
  indeed : it is the sensible thing to do , but not out of sympathy . 
  debt relief is not given out of ` sympathy ' , but out of sheer necessity . 
  the greek debt is unsustainable , hence the need for debt relief . 
  my bad then !, 
  the timing just seemed equal , that 's why i assumed that was the case . 
  indeed : it was a grave mistake from my side to hastily compare the figures of both nations , resulting in a rather embarassing statement . 
  the us it 's model compared to the european social model still leaves much room for change though , but i understand at the same time it is a political choice to keep it like that . 
  i actually was quite surprised by the relatively high social spending in the us , which suggests the states play a larger role than was known to me . 
  ~ ~ does n't do what ? 
  could you elaborate a bit more instead of pressing the downvote button out of disagreement ? 
  that 's not what the latter is for . ~ ~ australia has significant lower spending than a lot of european countries , especially compared to those using the scandinavian model of a welfare state . 
  you can read it in the same table that was linked . 
  edit : nevermind . 
  i just noticed that i compared australia 's current expenditure to that of the us in 1980 . 
  you are right : it is about even . 
  to give you some insight in my line of thought : australia is no welfare state that belongs to the scandinavian category . 
  this makes the total spending on social benefits as a percentage of gdp lower than say in norway . 
  or more fitting : lower than finland . 
  edit : [ relevant ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=socx_agg ) . ~ ~ at least australia beats the us ~ ~ ( edit : misread that thing , although the us still has a long road to go ) , of which the latter still refuses to take care of its citizens in a modern way . 
  the hypotheekrente aftrek is being slowly abolished ( the timetable for this is about 30 years ) . 
  whether we could consider it a social benefit is a bit ambigious to me . 
  seems like our social policy is right where it should be . 
  norway and denmark performed better of course ( because scandinavian masterrace ) , but australia 's ` number 1 ' spot kind of surprised me . 
  of course it is all relative , as i imagine that norway for example pumps way more money into social benefits than say australia . 
  about time esa starts to get more ambitious about human spaceflight . 
  esa has achieved a great deal so far , but in this field it is still lagging behind compared to of course nasa and secondly , roscosmos . 
  after the greece agreement of last weekend we could surely come up with consensus about the budgets necessary for going to the moon . 
  cloning is no longer the favorite science fiction trope of the future . 
  it 's all about radical life extension nowadays  . 
  another example : male friends kissing each other on the cheek as a form of greeting , as is custom in part of france and i believed most of italy . 
  given the breadth of oversight a minister of finance has it is really not hard to end up at one of those institutions . 
  whether they end at a large bank , or as a partner at kmpg , deloitte , e&y or pwc is pretty much the same to me as well . 
  but really now , imagine that you are a former minister of finance and you see this come around :  they invariably end up working in banking and finance after their political career . 
  would you not end up being a little bit surprised that this question is being asked in the first place ? 
  it is like accusing a lawyer of becoming a judge . 
  or do you consider that comparison to be invalid ? 
  if so , why ? 
  also , wouter bos his current occupation got little to do with the category ` finance ' . 
  just to name one example .
