  i wish i could narrow it down , but i ca n't because accelerating factors ( russia maybe ? ), 
  could influence it . 
  no , in that case the truth is pretty much obvious to me . 
  but you bring about a valid point : if i were to understand turkish for example , and hear a fellow turkish-dutch guy talking in turkish , i might have a different view of him when i only hear him talk below average dutch for example . 
  also : this is an example , nothing bad is meant by it before someone interprets it like that . 
  but most of the time you can notice if someone is smart , even he or she does n't fully master the language he or she is using at that moment . 
  for example the way such persons still construct sentences , a logical build up in the subject of the conversation , difficulty of questions asked etc. 
  to make my earlier comment a bit more clear : the same goes for native dutch people . 
  if someone really ca n't construct a proper sentence in written dutch , or if someone uses incorrect past tenses in spoken dutch , i will pretty much come to the same conclusion . 
  wow , easy troyano : i did n't downvote you nor do i partake in downvoting ( unless someone posts something racist or something like that ) . 
  i 'll take into account what you said . 
  what you say is very much defendable , and i might have contradicted myself there a bit . 
  i just assume that because the catalan struggle for indepence has been there for dozens of years ( at least noticably ) , where the ` scottish cause ' has reached prominence only the past few days . 
  but who am i to define to when some other foreign nation has the right to claim independence ? 
  i 'll reflect on what you said . 
  sure , of negligence . 
  may i ask about your own background , as you seem to take a very biased stance in this . 
  apparantly i did n't express myself clear enough , as you 're the second person that assumes that i do n't know that . 
  my fault . 
  but what happened in the middle ages and the renaissance period has little relevance compared to what happened in the 20th century ( as is the case in catalonia ) . 
  as i said , * especially given recent history * . 
  take a look at the history of catalonia over the past 100 years . 
  i 'm aware of scotland 's history as an independent kingdom , the union of the crowns as well the union of the both parliaments somewhere at the start of the 18th century . 
  negligence you mean . 
  mladic and his men pulled the trigger : the dutch soldiers over there just followed the instructions of their failing officers , col. karremans being the supreme idiot down there . 
  and yes , there should be a formal apology before you start asking about it . 
  old article by the way . 
  given the autonomous position of catalonia , and because there has been a long standing movement for independence or at least more autonomy . 
  i 'm no expert at the history of either scotland or catalonia , but i believe the scottish independence movement is more recent in nature . 
  also , the massive rally of last week did tell a lot about the current sentiment . 
  to be honest , from a historical point of view the catalans have more of a claim to independence than scotland especially given recent history . 
  but i really wonder how madrid will react if this actually goes on . 
  maybe some catalan can tell me if the central government will really send in the guardia civil or something like that to ` restore order ' ? 
  thank god we have russia watching over us in these troubled times . 
  russia would take revenge , but would not invade or something like that . 
  it would most surely show how some more muscle , and start taking more annoying measures . 
  i understand that you can come to that conclusion given the differences between both groups . 
  as for me , i have noticed a slight difference between university students of dutch origin and those with a non-western background . 
  noam chomsky - at least i believe it was him - has once proposed the idea that our ability to reason is very closely related to our mastery of language . 
  what might have struck you is that some of them just had a worse mastery of dutch and possibly english as well , a thing that might have contributed to your overall view on them . 
  at least : i tend to quickly judge a person as being ` less-intelligent ' whenever his/her mastery of dutch seems to be inadequate . 
  not to say that you are wrong . 
  you could be right : there are some , and i repeat * some * places in the netherlands where schools ( as a result of social segregration ) mostly teach students with a non-western background . 
  some of these schools have been subject to media attention because of bad teachers or management . 
  not rarely did these schools have a religious , islamic style of teaching . 
  as a direct result of decades of cuddling persons that are a bit behind on the social ladder , schools have followed suit by giving a mercy pass on certain subjects . 
  it goes without saying that this only increases the problem , but it is a direct result of the long-standing failure within dutch society to adress ethnic problems out of fear for allegations of discrimination . 
  next to that : brilliant teachers mostly tend to avoid these schools , because they get confronted with students that refuse to respect the teacher 's authority or with students that just do n't get what they are trying to teach * because * of language deficiencies . 
  and that 's pretty much what it always boils down to : language . 
  the main problem in my eyes remains the fact that many moroccans for example ( just to name a group that is widely being taken as ` problematic ' ) do n't speak dutch as a first language , but rather as a second language outside home . 
  by far not all of them of course , but a significant amount . 
  the lack of mastery of dutch by the parents are a major contributing factor to this , and so the cycle keeps repeating itself far into the third generation ( as we 're seeing nowadays ) . 
  parents are a major cause in this as well , and they should realise that they have much responsibility in this matter . 
  power politics at play here . 
  intimidation , fabrication of evidence and the breaking of laws . 
  reminiscent of the cold war , and times of war in general . 
  that was n't what he meant . 
  what he tried to point out is that the racism/discrimination label is being applied at random ( and wrongly ) way too often . 
  too much do certain people do it , not knowing how much of an insult it can be to accuse someone of racism/discrimination . 
  i do n't know who you are aiming at in that regard , but that 's certainly not my view . 
  no , the consequences of the failed multicultural society are less obvious . 
  to call a few examples : distrust among groups , the need to fall back to your own ` group ' , below average if not downright bad language skills ( even among third generation descendants of immigrants !, 
  ) , etc. 
  let 's just call them ` the smaller things in life ' , that cause friction just about everywhere . 
  i often joke that the netherlands are indeed a multicultural society : a society in which multiple communities live completely past each other . 
  multiculturality does not imply increased understanding by default . 
  even if we would really wish that it would be so . 
  the entire concept of multiculturalism just goes past the notion of a dominant culture within a certain society , which will assert itself in defense of its own values . 
  wait , am i allowed to cherrypick as well ? 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/1369183032000123422#.vbwk5_l_sgq  `` many assume that high levels of social and/or ethnic segregation , which often go hand-in-hand with high levels of ethnic concentration , will obstruct integration and participation in society . 
  concentration is also felt to hamper the social mobility of those with a weak social position and/or low skills , particularly immigrants of non - western origin . 
  although these ideas may have some validity in contexts where extremely high levels of social and ethnic segregation exist , they are hardly tested in contexts with more moderate levels of segregation and stronger welfare states . 
  this paper addresses this deficiency by providing some evidence on the relationship between segregation and integration in dutch cities , amsterdam in particular . 
  the findings show that , where a relationship between segregation and integration does exist , it is not a very strong one . '', 
  science aside , as far as you can call these disciplines ` true ' science , what i was combating is this constant urge by some factions in dutch society to make the average dutchman look like an inherent bigot , guilty of discrimination by default . 
  we should wake up , and stop petting people on the head whenever they do something drastically wrong . 
  that 's something we 've done that for 40 , if not 50 years already , and - ** it - does - not - work ** . 
  we should start talking , start adressing the problems and above all : start solving the problems instead of finger pointing . 
  yea , but ironically you 're also using london as an example : a city with distinct social problems . 
  i believe there are even some neighbourhoods in london that consists of mostly muslim inhabitants that have created their own parallel society . 
  i use this example because integration itself is something that needs the active will of both parties ( the state and the targeted group ) in order to work out . 
  after about 40 years of ` integration ' over here in the netherlands , and seeing how bad ` integration ' has played out in france and britain , has made me really switch over to the ` assimilation ' side . 
  it 's by far the easiest method of ensuring that groups within a society will live together instead of past one another . 
  people should value dutch , french or british citizenship , and know which priviledges accompany it . 
  i 'm not so sure about the scale of discrimination you described in the job market . 
  i 'd rather call it ' a problem ' instead of a ` huge problem ' with a corresponding massive scale . 
  i myself am the grandson of an italian immigrant and i never - ever - encountered discrimination to what extent whatsoever . 
  next to that i live in a rural , semi-redneck community so that should say something . 
  what i do have noticed ( and really , can you blame would-be employers for this ? 
  ) : if someone gets to a job interview and proves that he just ca n't speak dutch to an acceptable level , he 's likely to get rejected . 
  that 's just how the game plays out , as you need to able to communicate with other people . 
  it is a basic requirement in our society , if not in any society with a dominant culture . 
  if the tendency of self-segregation as you described would be much lower among the allochtonous population , then why is that i really see so little moroccans and turks ( for example ! ), 
  in rural areas ? 
  i believe that the myth of ` natives self-segregrating because of prejudices ' has been largely debunked a long time ago already . 
  people of dutch origin just left certain neighbourhoods because of other reasons : rampant crime and other social problems that started to rule these places . 
  truth be told : the government should 've stepped in back in the 80 's and 90 's already , by preventing this kind of self-imposed segregation . 
  but i strongly believe in the individual 's own responsiblity , and speaking of that , a lot went wrong with the people that came here over the past few decades . 
  we know the results by now . 
  blanketing those people - and by doing that not solving the problem - is no solution and will only make it worse .
