  the parents of the co-pilot should be able to go on with their lives as any other family member of the victims , even though his name gets public . 
  in the end , the name of the co-pilot would leak out some way or another , especially in today 's world . 
  you have the right to face your accuser , so why should you not be allowed to know the name of the killer of one of your loved ones as well as information about his psychological state ? 
  the families of the victims should not be left behind with open questions out of fear for some outdated vendetta event . 
  where did you read that ? 
  or did you actually even take the time to read my comment ? 
  i - do - not - blame his parents . 
  at all . 
  it is only logical to assume that they did not guide their son 's hand . 
  there is a lot to be sad about the families of the victims having the right to know who killed their loved ones . 
  you would be interested as well if you were in the same situation , as you want to know who this person was , what he did , what his personal situations was , etc. 
  quite a few family members of victims often take on the role as ` problem solver ' ( as part of the healing process ) and want to prevent such things from happening ever again . 
  in order to do that , they will need some personal information . 
  but i feel really bad for the parents , but i trust that the average person will leave those poor people alone . 
  they lost a son and they highly likely could not have prevented this . 
  well there 's always something illogical in dragging people with you into the grave while said persons have nothing to do with your personal situation . 
  there is no direct relationship with your will to die and the actions of the passengers and other crew members . 
  if you however look at it from a professional medical perspective his actions might been ` logical ' in the sense that they fit in the picture of someone that is suicidal . 
  but next to that there is no causal relationship between suicidal feelings and the need to kill everyone around you . 
  pilots always remain the weakest link by statistics . 
  maybe there is something to be said about taking away the armored door , but it is really difficult to measure if there is any significant improvement of safety in doing that . 
  in the end , events like these are extremely rare . 
  i agree . 
  maybe the part about the screams of the passengers should have been kept secret . 
  same here with mh17 : i am quite convinced that a lot of people have been conscious for more than 10 seconds while the plane was falling apart , yet there seems to be some national consensus that it was a rather painless , instant death due to unconsciousness . 
  timmermans his infamous mistake regarding the passenger with the oxygen mask wrapped around his neck was pretty painful in that regard . 
  in cases like these it is best to lie to the families of the victims regarding those final moments , so that they can move on with their lives . 
  but well , the damage has been done already . 
  possibly , but in both cases it refers to some rather selfish traits as well as a general lack of empathy . 
  but i completely understand what you are getting at though . 
  that does not completely explain all the ` family drama 's ' we are witnessing here over the past few years . 
  granted , it is * rare * to take your children or husband/wife with you into death , but it does happen . 
  some people have this twisted image that basically says : ` if i will die , then they will fucking follow me into the grave ' . 
   it just does n't make sense ... 
  welcome to the mind of someone that is suicidal : logic rarely rules the minds of such persons . 
  they are delusional and can not look upon the world anymore as we do . 
  but that does not prevent me from calling this guy a douchebag . 
  ** edit : ** there seems to be some misunderstanding about this . 
  i did not suggest that every suicidal person is a potential murderer , as that would be completely out of the character of the average person that decides to kill himself . 
  events in which someone that is suicidal decides to kill other people as well are fortunately ( very ) rare . 
  i just wanted to highlight that suicidal people can be extremely unpredictable in their behavior , given that suicide itself is not something a sane person would do . 
  italy 's fractured political landscape has been unified significantly , especially under the democratic party of pm renzi . 
  in more ways , the netherlands are moving to the italy of the past , while italy is more moving towards the netherlands of the past in terms of political unity and fragmentation . 
  i hope they will serve you well . 
  watch out for the paint though . 
  yeah , but it is a double edged sword : whatever you inject in the cockpit , will slither out to the rest of the cabin . 
  so you could try to incapacitate the crew this way ( if you were to get poison gas on board ) , but you would quickly succumb to the gas yourself . 
  not to mention that gas will probably stay hanging around in the cockpit in higher concentrations , which would make it an impractical weapon for a hijack . 
  also , if the pilots knew what was going on ( feeling dizzy at the same time for example ) they could don their oxygen masks . 
  do n't worry : it wo n't deter me from picking up a rifle if necessary . 
  but even after destructive war , i doubt that i will have changed my mind on the topic . 
  just for your information : the cockpit is n't airtight . 
  if the cockpit depressurizes , the entire cabin depressurizes . 
  i just have a hard way in dealing in stereotypes . 
  do n't get me wrong : the failure of russian citizens to as a whole adress the serious shortcomings in their society is really bad , but do n't forget that russia was the centre of the largest ideological and totalitarian failure in history . 
  communism ruled that place for several generations , so do n't expect people to be just as critical as us . 
  stupid of them ? 
  yes , but only when using our own superior standards . 
  the average person simply wants peace and prosperity , which makes me refrain from sharing your judgement . 
  we are n't convincing the majority anyways this way as it all sounds ` too western ' to many russians . 
  it actually involved another germanwings plane . 
  i found a commentary on the official [ investigation . 
  ] ( http://aerotoxic.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/aaiu-report_cw.pdf ), 
  dying to the direct effects is of course plain impossible , at least using normal methods of consuming . 
  however , death to smoking it for a long time due to lung cancer , hearth problems , suicide , etc. 
  is possible though . 
  i am all in favor of legalisation but we should be aware of what it can do to people . 
  not to mention the debilitating , demotivational aspects of the drug . 
  it is n't innocent at all . 
  indeed , it sadly is n't . 
  a friend of mine actually is the ultimate example in that regard : if i ask him to buy something for me to eat , he will ( for example ) want his entire $ 2,60 back . 
  $ 2.50 wo n't do for that cheap bastard . 
  then again , i 'm not like that fortunately . 
  depends on how it set in . 
  apparantly on the helios flight it happened in such a deceiving and treacherous way that someone sitting would n't have noticed . 
  you would have come to the conclusion of being incapacitated when trying to stand up , only by then it is too late . 
  the onset of effects reminds me of carbon monoxide poisoning . 
  a possibly eery resemblance with helios flight 522 . 
  still remember it ? 
  for those that have n't : [ link . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlasflbnzzg ) although there of course are some differences to be noticed if hypoxia was the culprit here , specifically in length of the flight and the possible cause . 
  it 's hard to blame a people that has been living under an effective dictatorship for the last 100 years , save a few years of relative freedom in the nineties and early 2000 's . 
  we like to think of ` typical ' arrogant americans , typical cheap dutch people and typical stubborn frenchmen , but in the end it is all a pitfall . 
  even though we ca n't always prevent it , me included . 
  the russian people have simply been unfortunate , and from a certain viewpoint you can say that they have been enslaved by their government . 
  to get out of this death grip would take a few decades and a mere 10-15 years of semi-liberty was not enough to achieve that . 
  i know : people that have seen and done terrible things often make up an acceptable story to remember for the remainder of their life . 
  i have difficulty blaming him : i simply find it sad . 
  needless to say , i agree with you . 
  the worst part of the joke is that this the direct result of democratic elections . 
  i once heard someone say that a people gets the leader it deserves , but in this case i could n't agree less . 
  for me , turkey remains a troubling example of how democracy can effectively pave the road to dictatorship , but no one deserves such a leader . 
  i hope this changes somewhere in the near future . 
  spotted the putinbot . 
  this comes as a surprise , but it seems promising . 
  if this bill gets passed , italy will be way ahead on the netherlands of which the latter still seems to be having extreme difficulty in upgrading its terribly outdated ` backdoor ' policy . 
  i hope the situation here will change as well . 
  although italy should be aware of the fact that this might annoy surrounding countries with different laws . 
  this could put some pressure on french-italian relationships for example . 
  i thought so as well , but before that he talks about ukraine entering the un .
