  but i guess we will agree to disagree . 
   according to the average / r/europe visitor that 's just your perception . 
  want to hear mine ? 
  people feel a bit uneasy about germany 's lack of appreciation of its own recent history , and by that i mean the huge part that is n't ink black or drenched in blood . 
  when i for example think about the former wehrmacht soldiers that eventually fought a futile war what comes to mind is a lack of appreciation for the efforts of the average soldier back then , despite being part of a larger malignant whole . 
  germany was humiliated , apologized , but never really rehabilitated its own people - that same average and good people that were dragged into a war they did not start . 
  that got nothing do with ` glorifying ' war and conquest , but with showing some decency towards those that sacrificed so much for no gain at all . 
  and yes , germany is pretty guilt ridden . 
  the stiff and overly correct response during the current refugee crisis has shown just that : germany wants to show the world how damn moral it is ( while simultaniously endangering press freedom , see the recent wdr drama ) , to the point of no longer being realistic to one 's own . 
  it 's just a show that will come back to bite germany in 10 , 20 , 30 years time , that much is highly likely at this point . 
  or let 's not forget the upheavel around the world cup quite a few years back already , where displays of national pride were frowned upon or questioned in the media . 
  it really makes me sick to think back to that response . 
  edit : fixed some things . 
  exactly . 
  people in this post are reading * way * too much into this . 
  how about not imposing our 21st century standards on the 17th and 18th century for example ? 
  sounds reasonable enough to me , next to the fact that one can still be proud on the british empire ( or dutch colonial empire for that matter ) without immediatly feeling the need to point that index finger and say ` but ehm yeah , we did bad things back there ( that were completely normal for the standards of that time ) and therefore we can not be proud on it anymore ' . 
  as / u/unclesneakyfingers said correctly : fuck that . 
  you can condemn terrible acts like genocide and be proud of historical achievements at the same time . 
  it 's not like genocide was the only thing that paved the way for british dominance , something which quite a few people in the comments seem to be implicitly suggesting . 
  be proud on your history britain !, 
  ** edit : ** seems like the many overly pc types in this topic have difficulty putting things into perspective , instead preferring to use the prevailing ideas as of 2016 to completely mischaracterize the history of the british empire . 
  as said : many people here seem to suggest the british empire was mainly built on genocide , and those people grossly miss the point . 
  overall , they have no idea of what they 're talking about !, 
  but that 's your average pc idiot : they 'll do everything in favor for social approval , the root of pc behavior . 
  exactly - and in that light we agree for now . 
  but going to additional mile to end it would be a nice show of morality . 
  that 's the problem that keeps popping up : who 'll be first ? 
  there needs to be international coordination about ending these practices simultaneously , all over the globe , but it will probably fail on any of these grounds : - lack of political will ; - the impossibilities of getting so many countries ` in line ' . 
  that aside , we should actively strive towards ending it . 
  oh they sure know about it : they however choose to ignore it all together . 
  junior minister wiebes bluntly denied that the netherlands is a tax haven for multinationals , instead trying to divert attention to the fact that it is all ` legal ' . 
  although it is all legal at first glance , these practices themselves are highly immoral . 
  do n't think most people in the netherlands support such disgusting practices just because its rulers like to look the other way . 
  and also : look beyond the netherlands , as way more countries than the netherlands are guilty to such practices . 
  i hope it is going to end sooner than later , as that tax money could be spent on other things than the leisure of major shareholders . 
  but as a vvd voter i know the conservative liberal faction in parliament will be the last one to actually end it , that 's the painful truth of it . 
  that may very well be . 
  it remains a bit controversial in the end still , as is has nearly become the personification of evil itself . 
  many people will arguably disagree with this move out of that view , which makes this rather interesting . 
  but if he partook in war crimes for example he should be prosecuted . 
  it is not sure he did so far , and he might as well be released somewhere in the future as there is n't really a case against him yet . 
  i guess this is close to your sense of humor as well . 
   you did n't understand my post . 
  whether god does exist or not is completely irrelevant . 
  you can be religious without believing in god . 
  for example , buddhists do n't believe in god , yet they are deeply religious . 
  to believe in a personalized god is a bit like believing in father christmas . 
  to me it has nothing to do with true religion . 
  well , i did actually understand what you said . 
  i questioned your choice of words though : ` faith ' refers to having unwavering confidence in the truth of concept x , and really , is the mainstream atheist someone that does not dare to challenge his own premisses ? 
  since atheism is rather closely connected to science i feel this is therefore a false comparison , next to the fact that ` faith ' itself is overwhelmingly used in a religious context . 
  religion is - but that 's my experience - used nearly always in a supernatural context , or to sarcastically remark on someone 's beliefs . 
  this word as well is in poor taste out of that framework , even though it could [ apparantly ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/religion ) also be used in a secular context . 
  that 's not how it is being used by the mainstream , but either way we 're talking semantics . 
  lets not stay at this for too long . 
   there is the issue of interpretation . 
  as i said , even the pope cautioned against a `` literal '' interpretation of texts such as genesis . 
  and if you look at the prohibition of making an image of god in islam , you may further understand that the mere concept of a personal god is already an image of god which is contrary to true religion . 
  the bottom line is that a characterization of god by humans will lead to failure . 
  the infinity of god can not be contained in the finite capacity of the human mind . 
  thus , to the true religion , god can neither be said to exist nor to not exist , because god is above human categories of existence of non-existence . 
  first of all : this is highly interesting . 
  i do have a question though : who decides this is the true religious interpretation of god ? 
  also , does n't this again ` shift ' god away from the realm of falsification as happened with the creation narrative ( that somehow evolved into intelligent design or other more ` distant ' theories ) ? 
  i 'm not here to convince you by the way , but i 'd do want to exchange thoughts especially with regard to those last two questions . 
   can better take not ought to take . 
  but since death is so dead set on taking the by far more useful persons among us , i 'd be better if those that make people more stupid or shallow go first . 
  you could say that i made a hierarchy about who could better die first , not who * deserves * to die . 
  and i feel little need to retract those words , not in the first place since they were ( maybe purposely ? ), 
  placed in a wrong light . 
  it was a value judgement about the few examples i named , since i think they damage society far more than they 'll contribute to it . 
  going to keep this in mind . 
  thanks for exchanging thoughts : i appreciated it !, 
   what we call god is the first cause of all things that 's a more interesting take at what god is . 
  it 's a bit comparable to the people that use nature itself to describe god , that being god as all things around us . 
  but if you were to round up 1000 christians , jews and muslims you will not get that answer in majority - and more an image of a humanlike creator . 
  that is much sharper than god as the first cause of all things !, 
  i never * actively * tried to look for religious people or atheists : i just base my judgement on what i come across . 
  to attack myself : it is not possible to exclude any kind of bias in my recollection of course . 
  it remains a matter of personal judgement after all . 
  i actually agree , but i referred to the abrahamic religions because they are the monothe\u00efst , mainstream religions that encompass most of the religious world . 
  most criticism by atheists seems aimed at the doctrine and holy books of islam , christianity and judaism . 
  just to make it a bit more clear . 
   whow , i 'm surprised that icelanders have such a strong faith . 
  believing that god exists * is the same * as believing that he does n't exist ; it requires a strong faith . 
  sigh , i do n't know whether this is a trolling attempt , but damn this really is a recurring misunderstanding . 
  i still have to meet the first deeply religious person that can properly explain why he or she thinks god exists besides something like ` it has been written ' , while i contrarily also still have to meet the first atheist that became one because it 's ` the cool thing to do ' . 
  granted , there are plenty of extremely adversial types running around on / r/atheism for example , but having your reasoning in order without arbitrary excuses can hardly be called faith . 
  the people that are atheist in my experience are just that because they weighed the odds and have come to the conclusion that you can not exclude the existence of god , but that the chance of this entity existing as we know of it in the abrahamic religions is extremely slim at best . 
  if you are really deadset on placing both in the same category , you might as well call both ` dedicated ' . 
  rest in peace alan rickman . 
  his role as snape left a strong impression on me : he really brought the character alive in the way jkr intended it to be . 
  and fuck death . 
  that bastard can better take some damn ` socialite ' or other useless figure that adds jack shit to society . 
  so many better candidates to die . 
  for them there is n't . 
  i 'm talking out of their perspective by the way , not out of mine . 
  that 's politics alright . 
  the hague has often been called ' a snakepit ' exactly because of those games , but lets not make too much of a fuss about it .
