  if i could make a wild guess : i think all the threats we are hearing from the eurogroup nowadays are mostly because they - just as the greek government - feel that their hands are tied . 
  i expect that greece will not be allowed to leave , as that could be the beginning of the end for the eurozone and possibly the eu . 
  the cohesion of europe will likely prevail over the opposition to fiscal transfers and debt write off . 
  but i will disagree if you wanted to imply that greece does not need a firm hand : it most certainly does . 
  it very much baffles me how government after government could cook the books for years on end , and what type of utterly dysfunctional system could allow for such mistakes . 
  it is completely different by the way my government or the german government is taking care of business , including vital internal finances . 
  amateuristic would probably describe it - and that issue needs fixing in order for greece to survive well into the 21st century . 
  i think greece got a lot to learn from my country or germany in that respect , and it should be open to such change . 
  after all , you talked about competitiveness . 
  one of the first things that turns companies off , even large foreign multinationals , is the presence of endless red tape . 
  if some of the northern european countries were given the opportunity to redesign your government on a northern european model - and those changes were made to last - i think debt write off could be given as a reward . 
  but only when the entire process is well on its way . 
  that could be in as short a timespan as 2-3 years from now if serious efforts are being made to reform , or as far as 10 years away from this point . 
  whatever it is , greek politicians will be standing at the helm . 
  punish it into eternity ? 
  no , not really . 
  but there is a sick culture of governance in greece that needs to be rooted out once and for all . 
  small and large scale corruption , inefficient bureaucratic obstacles as well as the failure in upkeeping the most fundamental of government duties : taxation . 
  i do not believe we can change greece overnight , and the past 5 years were not sufficient to ensure lasting change . 
  greece should be properly mentored for at least another 5 years until we should slowly let go of the reigns . 
  and yes , fiscal transfers and debt write-off might be the solution in the long term . 
  but for now , painstaking reform remains necessary . 
  it also amazes me how greek media and greek politicians have succeeded in shifting the blame towards europe - that ironically reached out to greece - while still not a single greek politician that created this mess is in jail . 
  those are the people that really hurt the average greek citizen and as long as they are not punished accordingly , there is no single reason for me to be soft minded towards the greek government . 
  also , ` everyone knows it ' is a faux pas . 
  you probably know this , but using this as an argument is always counterproductive . 
  just saying , so you wo n't do it again . 
  as direct as possible is asking for mob rule . 
  i mean : i am all in favor of referendums and similar mechanisms to transfer more power to the people , but that is only to make democracy a bit more functional . 
  or as you said , to make it better . 
  as long as campaigning , party politics , backdoor deals , lack of transparancy as well as lack of competent politicians will be around , not much will change . 
  the apathy among electorates all across the board will keep on increasing , until the current system implodes due to distrust . 
  to be frank , even though i like to call out for a standard referendum mechanism here in my country , i am not completely in favor of letting the people rule . 
  i admit that the people as a whole can be considered even less competent than any given politician out there and seem to be easily influenced by the media . 
  this problem will remain inherent to democracy until all people will reach a higher level of intelligence . 
  i however do not see that happen the coming few centuries . 
  that is one of the reasons why i never exclude a dictatorship as a possible form of future government , as long as it is an enlightened one . 
  and yes , the latter will always be a major problem of dictatorships as it is difficult to say whether a dictator and the people around him will truly do what is best for the people . 
  edit : it might be useful to share my own preference . 
  i am in favor of meritocracy which is probably systematically a lot closer to our current democracies than a dictatorship . 
  maybe pakistan under pervez musharraf . 
  at least it was much more stable than it is nowadays . 
  bottom line : there is something like a benevolent dictatorship , but benevolent dictators account for a vast minority among all dictators . 
  and china of course is a dictatorship of sorts , although power resides at a few individuals of the standing committee instead of one single person . 
  whatever it is , we have to get rid of this false idea that democracy is * always * the better solution . 
  democracy is still a flawed system , something a lot of people like to forget . 
  time to commit daddy to a nursing home i 'd say . 
  indeed , the timeframe is too short mainly * because * of the pushing of opposition parties all over europe . 
  the eu wants to ends this misery as quickly as possible , and is making terrible mistakes while doing it . 
  in a way it reflects the way democracies work nowadays : an ever present short term view . 
  maybe greece should be given much more time for proper reform , as society in that country has been stretched to its limits . 
  fiscal transfers and debt write off may be the right solution , but only after the current approach has definitively failed . 
  strengthened central authority may compensate most of the problems between the weaker and stronger eurozone member states , but that as well will be politically controversial . 
  maybe even more controversial than debt write-off , come to think of it . 
  whatever it will be , the solution will be difficult to sell to the electorate . 
  politicians should not be bothered about that though . 
  some apparantly do n't want to deviate from the current path : from what i 've read , prof. sylvester eiffinger for example seems to have a pro-austerity point of view . 
  i have n't heard him talk of debt write-off or fiscal transfers . 
  instead , he hammers on rapid and thorough reform of greece with a general emphasis on proper taxation and the labour market . 
  once again : i am not claiming whether he is right or wrong . 
  i simple give one example of a well-known economist here that got a dissenting opinion . 
  i sadly lack the talents to propose a method for system wide reform , although i did not in any way say that the bofe is ` wrong ' in its point of view . 
  i just wanted to emphasize my suspicion about such massive agreement among a bunch of academicians which is a rather rare thing , especially on highly complicated subjects as for example the eurozone . 
  all economists everywhere is not true : that might go for the anglosphere ( as in , almost exclusively ) , but there seems to be close to a 70/30 split over here at least . 
  i ca n't say for certain what german economists as a whole seem to think , but it is my impression that they are n't near unanimous as well . 
  there are a great many things at stake here and there are plenty of people and institutions out there that would like to see the eurozone - and probably even the eu - fail in its mission . 
  that is something different than shooting the messenger , but a type of caution . 
  but who knows : maybe you are right . 
  the eurozone has obviously not excelled in speedy decision making over the past few years , so the time for caution might be over . 
  the book about greece for example needs to be closed once and for all . 
  truth be told , the uk electorate is not really exceptional with respect to their ideas about the eu and the eurozone in particular . 
  those ideas are much alive here as well , albeit in less convincing numbers . 
  but the previous commission as well as the current one has surely noticed how a large part of europe stepped on the brakes during the last two european elections . 
  but if you take a look at the political parties over here in the netherlands , i 'd say only one or two - probably d66 and groenlinks - are almost completely satisfied with the way the eu is being shaped and run nowadays . 
  most parties push for change in some way or another , and europe is not received with unanimous applause here as well . 
  which is a good thing of course . 
  alright , that makes it clear at least . 
  their position is known to me : sometimes there even seems to be only one single view with regard to the eurozone among these entities , which sort of worries me . 
  it would suggest that there is only one obvious solution ( as there seems to be so much consensus on the subject ) , but the sheer fact that there is only debate about one certain direction that the eurozone should turn to makes me suspicious . 
  all of them , the uk govt , the us govt and the bofe have their own interests . 
  that is something i tend to keep in the back of my head . 
  the same goes for the long list of anglo-saxon economists that seem to almost exclusively propose the same solution over and over again . 
  well you either consciously or subconsciously made the same apparant mistake as juncker , i.e. 
  speaking of the ` anglo-saxons ' . 
  you literally say that ` the anglo-saxons ' have consistently argued that the eurozone needs to change its structure . 
  i might be boringly talking semantics , but describing the dominant point of view in uk politics as the de facto will of ` the anglo-saxons ' is factually wrong . 
  the uk , just like any other nation out there in europe , is divided on the subject of the eu . 
  the only difference to be noticed here is that the uk its citizens and politicians tend to be biased to the anti-eu side , where almost the entire rest of the continent is biased to the pro-eu side . 
  but there is no unanimity to found anywhere . 
  all of them ? 
  you know the answer . 
  yeah , i completely agree to that . 
  i do n't know if zoidboix was biased in that regard , but since he did n't question the rest of the map he created a lot of suspicion in that regard . 
  and 3rd world tier would be downgrading turkey , as we are all too aware of its massive economic growth . 
  but i consider it really sad how so much potential is being wasted under the current administration . 
  i am not condoning that rather weird list that spans close to 2/3th of all land area . 
  zoidboix simply asks what turkey is doing on that list , as it does not belong there together with the vast majority of nations on it . 
  i agree : almost all of south america does not belong there , neither does russia - taking into consideration what the latter stands for today . 
  because of the looming autocracy turkey is shifting towards , human rights abuses , a failed state according to certain standards , highly dubious behavior in the entire syria conflict , etc. 
  there are plenty of reasons why erdogan 's turkey indeed does not belong on such a list .
