  to leave this to joe the plumber and his comrades is ( sorry to put it like this ) a disaster waiting to happen . 
   the relevant law under discussion here is from a statute . 
  it is n't from the common law . 
  indeed , it is . 
  but find me a european civil law system that still uses laws from centuries way past . 
  that is why i consider it to be rather further removed from civil law and closer to common law with which it works in unison , though that is debatable . 
  the next part i however found much more important :  the requirement for judges to follow precedents enables common lawyers to advise with greater certainty about how judges would consider particular cases . 
  though not written , that requirement is part of judiciary custom here as well . 
  one case sets a precedent for another , although that precedent can more easily be overturned . 
  in general , a judge will follow a precedent set by a lower court , unless grave mistakes were made or if the case itself is highly controversial . 
  but to wrap up : case law really gives you a solid base over here , though previous case law is easier overturned . 
  which in itself ( maybe ) makes civil law more adaptable . 
  nothing is sacred in the long run . 
   the age of the case law is irrelevant as to its legality . 
  this i really do not know . 
  the simple fact that ( older ) case law might still be functioning is can very much be open to debate , hence i believe that is why he described it as a ` race ' . 
  i think you got me wrong there : i said that the average briton might not have the same impression as you do ( as you called it quasi-fascist ) . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but that 's the impression i have so far . 
  i get your point , it 's defendable , but such a system is completely unnecessary if the judiciary is completely seperated from the state , as is normal practice in any civilized , highly developed country . 
  this pretty much bars state interference completely , as the judiciary itself is not ` subordinate ' to the state , but rather a completely different caste within the entire structure . 
  simple : because it is nearly impossible for a person to see where a certain well developed part of law ends , and moreover the common law system gives ( more than the civil law system ) rise to unnecessary new case law . 
  the simple fact that we codified it here - and as you very impressively pointed out justinian pretty much started with that - makes it much easier to end cases that are ambigious . 
  codification will always trump fragmentation as it increases legal certainty . 
  well , to call it quasi-fascist might be bridge too far for the average briton . 
  i do not consider your system complex : i consider it to be ineffecient , as it gives rise to massive loads of case law . 
  which immediatly brings me to the following : although the situation differs per country , over here in the netherlands case law is still very important . 
  rarely is a law so clear that no further discussion can sprout from it , which means that quite often one could challenge * the interpretation of * a certain law or lower legislation in front of court . 
  therefore , the system over here also continually updates itself in most situations . 
  i never really got this ( seemingly ) irrational urge to be tried before a panel of lay persons , that in practice will never have enough judicial knowledge than a judge . 
  the american system in that regard has surely proven how extremely flawed trial by jury can be , and therefore it only seems logical to me to leave judicial powers to those most fit to exercise them . 
  different perspectives indeed , but not unreasonable . 
  although , if i may add a little criticism to my own position : there have been a few ( to be precise very few ) high profile cases where a miscarriage of justice took place in the netherlands , though that does not really change my opinion on the matter . 
  well for me he looks into the camera at around 0:28 and it seems like he feels a bit ridiculed . 
  though he indeed did makes the best out of it afterwards . 
  but the image had been set already . 
  this once again reminds me of the banality of the common law system . 
  i can remember a former professor who in a conversation with me pretty much stereotyped the entire british system as a race of finding the oldest piece of ( case ) law . 
  i never really understood why britain did n't embrace the civil law system , if only for the sake for clarity . 
  then again , the metric system probably failed because of the same reason : it 's french . 
  the french president used foul language ? 
  how very human of him . 
  [ though i believe the entire bush-meets-door-incident was way worse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shjib6trxbi ) . 
  guess who he visited last night : indeed , [ silvio ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29656948 ), 
  i believe we already do that , sadly enough . 
  seems like russia is digging in . 
  in the end it will only cost russia resources , as there will likely not be a conflict in the future . 
  even if there will be one in the future , those old mig fighters stand no chance against f22 's and f35 's . 
  russia loses in both situations . 
  fact is : that 's difficult . 
  frans timmermans ( the new first vice-president of the commission ) already announced that he will not accept hungary 's violations of basic treaty provisions . 
  i believe he specifically mentioned forcing hungary back into line and the treaty does give some powers to do so . 
  problem is that it is hard and will take some time . 
  in the end , the cjeu can shoot down any national policy that is n't in line with european legislation . 
  sounds like a familiar strategy . 
  might as well be inspired by berlusconi , that also insulted merkel by letting her wait . 
  indeed , we could merge the ` states ' of russia and finland into the world 's largest vodka conglomerate . 
  we could cross breed ak47 's with heckler and koch g36 's to create a superior rifle that never jams . 
  moreover : pizza could be sauced with stroganov , and russian gas could power our wind turbines . 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  best to hurry up with that common security and defense policy and trigger the joint armed forces clause somewhere in the next 5 or 10 years . 
  not to say that i consider a clash between europe and the east likely or something , but in the worst case scenario some serious leverage will be needed to win against such an overwhelming combined population . 
  it will be wise to be prepared . 
  well , then we did something wrong with the text beneath our coat of arms : `` je maintiendrai '', 
  interesting , though it is not difficult to see that kohl got his flaws . 
  to name another ( completely different , yet also glorified ) politician : mandela for example clearly distanced himself from the ` legacy ' around his person . 
  my knowledge about kohl his internal politics are extremely limited , [ but this one picture of him and mitterand will always stay on my mind . 
  ] ( http://germanhistorydocs.ghi-dc.org/images/gefallenenehrung%20verdun.jpg ), 
  it would blend in beautifully with the union jack . 
  i agree : it could 've been phrased otherwise , but i clashed with 4ring before so he already knows some of my ideas . 
  for the other people reading however , it would 've been that much easier to once again repeat the reason ` why ' . 
  though , i have to admit that it got some ad hominem characteristics , but in contrast to what i believed in the past i think that this is * not a fallacy by definition * . 
  granted , it often is , but if utilized properly it can steer a derailed discussion right on track again . 
  it might be best to admit that this does not apply in all situations , but a personal attack ( combined with some ridicule for example ) is worth it sometimes . 
  a slippery slope it is though . 
  maybe i missed something , but i believe the italian state as well as the greek state have implemented ( sweeping ) reforms regarding taxation . 
  what you say is correct to some extent ( for example : the current crisis obviously is not mainly caused by tax evasion/fraud and corruption ) , but a functioning state apparatus will be necessary to get these two back on track . 
  tax compliance is an inherent part of it , the same goes for anti-corruption measures . 
  a textbook ad hominem would be : 4ringcircus you have no idea what you are talking about since you are a damn american . 
  * that * would for example be a textbook ad hominem . 
  as for me personally : i expressed some sarcasm with that comment as 4ring is pretty much crusading against current eurozone economic policies ( which he wo n't deny if you ask him ) . 
  anyway : i reserve my right to notify someone when he or she leaves a wrong impression at times . 
  the impression here being was that he made it look like he disagrees with german dominated policies by default , something which he later clarified to be not true . 
  not really , but if that 's how you would like to frame me , then go right ahead . 
  also : the downvote button is not a disagree button . 
  just mentioning . 
  italy and greece for example are two states that have been sick for a long time . 
  corruption ( in varying degrees ) and evasion of taxes or even plain tax fraud have went unpunished for way too long . 
  if the two nations i am talking about ever want any stable future perspective then they should reform . 
  it looks special and all , but it pretty much reminds of a large factory hall or a hangar . 
  therefore it fits in the industrial look of rotterdam . 
  all right , that cleares it up then . 
  you seem to be so emotionally attached to this subject , so that 's why  . 
  you 've really made it personal , have n't you ? 
  as you seem to have this habit of popping up in every topic dealing with eurozone economic policy . 
  it just catches my eye . 
  the japanese economy gets associated with ` disaster ' because it has been bouncing in and out of recession over the past 20 years or so . 
  apparantly that 's bad , as that ends the illusion of never ending growth . 
  reality must still sink in for quite a few people here , as the west seems to be stagnating in growth . 
  we might all become a new japan . 
   out of interest , how many years are you going to wait ?
