  whether it is arson , threats or vandalism : these people are criminals and need to be dealt with by the justice system . 
  what i kind of wanted to get back at is that you seem to portray the anti-immigration side as close to exclusively extreme-right . 
  at least : that seems to be implied by saying :  no polls , no statistics to compare to previous statistics and any demonstrations have been opportunist by right wing neo-fascists . 
  the thing with the pegida demonstrations for example as that there were quite a bit of * normal * germans partaking . 
  the part about ` right wing neo fascists ' is a bit too broadly formulated - and for a moment it seemed like you were targetting the entire right wing . 
  it seems like that fortunately is n't true . 
   i may be more conservative , but i do not see many left leaning people throwing fire bombs at border fences . 
  this holds some truth , although let us not for a single second deny the existence of violent tendencies connected to the extreme left . 
  over here the afa is a prominent example of it , and there are other countries in europe where it seems to be way worse . 
  but you are right if you imply that we have to fear the extreme right more than the extreme left : at least the extreme left seems to have ` good ' intentions , where this almost never applies to the extreme right in practice . 
  i am a moderate right wing guy myself , but i can remember some other redditor a few months commenting that the right wing often finds itself on the wrong side of history . 
  as much as i disliked that comment - as it kind of denied the wrongs of communism for example - it was n't exactly wrong either . 
  rest assured that i do not underestimate the extremists that torched buildings reserved for refugees/migrants in germany - nor do i in any way respect those people . 
  i do n't doubt previous polls . 
  there is no reason to do so , although i * am * a bit interested in how said polls are taken and whether there is some kind of implied moral pressure to answer ` yes ' to current policy . 
  after all , germany got a turbulent history - and this is always present in the background when answering such questions . 
  this could result in skewed results , although i stress this is not at this point proven and just the result of my personal curiosity . 
  but that 's something else and of less importance . 
  in the last week alone the influx of refugees/migrants in germany has increased even further and the images of large numbers of people have by now be seen by many germans . 
  it is not difficult to conclude that public opinion will have changed and therefore i look forward to upcoming polls . 
  all polls taken a week ago or longer in the past are - in light of recent developments - less valid than you want to think . 
  if polls next week say that a majority of germans is still in favor of germany its immigration policy i will adjust my opinion accordingly . 
  there is little point in confirming that , but just to be clear that 's how it will go . 
  compare it to peer review in science  . 
  about the article itself : the comments of two important and powerful politicians that themselves are connected to vast party networks should at least be seen as bearing some weight . 
  next to that , the opinion of the social-democratic major of munich should also be seen as highly important . 
  we are talking about the people that have a much more precise view on what is going on after all . 
   the side that claims they have changed their minds have no polls , no statistixs to compare to previous statistic and any demonstrations have been opportunist by right wing neo-fascists . 
  this is what gave it away for me . 
  trust me : i do n't want to turn this into some ` confrontational ' tu quoque type of comment , but i highly suspect you to have some strong ideals about this situation as well . 
  left wing probably , which is completely fine , but this will cloud your judgement as well . 
  especially the absolute way you describe ` the other side ' ( two times no , in this context meaning a 100 % of the cases ) as rather fascist in nature is disturbing . 
  but i find myself unintentionally defending the anti-immigration camp during this exchange of words and that is ironically not my intention . 
  i 'd rather have the eu fix the current influx by giving those people that are already inside europe proper and humane treatment , while completely locking down the outer borders of the eu . 
  there is a point to be made in not wanting to facilitate a braindrain from syria for example , but the mass influx of refugees is understandable as long as lebanon and turkey are crumbling under the current numbers of refugees . 
  that is nothing financial aid can not solve though : it is up to the eu as well as other states in the middle-east to send further monetary aid . 
  if you need a translation on parts that google translate ca n't help you with i 'm happy to be of assistance if required . 
  ** edit : ** about your ` edit ' part : i actually encountered multiple mistakes in news articles in the last two years alone , albeit minor ones . 
  two of them actually got changed after notifying the news agency in question - others got changed by other means . 
  for me , this proves that the system works despite the major problem of ` monopolisation ' of ` news ' . 
  reuters , anp , etc. 
  : i consider all those entities to be a direct threat to the pluriformity of the media worldwide . 
  and well , propaganda is in the eye of the beholder of course . 
  maybe you have a strong opinion about this subject yourself and quickly tend to question example a , while ignoring mistakes ( whether noticed or unnoticed ) that fit your own view . 
  i agree that we all have to be critical , but there is always a risk of bias present in the background . 
  i have to say that this comment is pretty misplaced , as it comes over as rather presumptious . 
  in general , i do ` believe ' what the media writes - as popular subjects are automatically subject to more scrutiny . 
  i live in a country where journalistic standards are adhered to and thus anyone - in general - can believe what is being written here . 
  the politically neutral ( on paper ) and in practice leftwing nos is reporting it by the way , in case it is needed to remark on this . 
  just to highlight the lunacy of the proposal i am responding to : you can not at any point expect that your average joe is interested and able to even analyze a dry piece of statistics , for example the rough data in an excel spreadsheet . 
  i admit : the world would be a better place if everyone would be able to do so * and * would take the time for it , but that 's not how it works in practice . 
  it all revolves around the world trust . 
  i completely trust in science to explain to me what is dangerous , how something works , what can be beneficial to your body , etc. 
  the same trust i extend to journalists , at least in my country , as they are the experts after all . 
  if you start to question everything you 'll end up in some conspiracy corner in no time . 
  ` sorry people , the ark is full ' . 
  wait , let me combine those things :  vision  politicians both tend to blend pretty badly as of 2015 , especially if you top it with a sauce of idealism . 
  as always with idealism - the truth must be learned by putting it in practice - that of course being ` learning it the hard way ' . 
  germany will wake up quickly enough now - that much is getting more and more clear . 
  just to add one thing : media here are reporting that public opinion in germany has swayed in a * mere one week 's time * . 
  therefore germany can indeed be said to ` regret ' its decision , at least the majority of the population it seems . 
  it is ironic how quickly public opinion turned around . 
  that one particular word . 
  i think trust in politics would increase tremendously if politicians from time to time openly and unconditionally made use of that word . 
  it will be necessary to lower the ever increasing levels of cynicism among voters . 
  above all , it shows some humility to apologize - and makes one look human . 
  i think this is pretty well known . 
  the point is that this move from germany ( and austria a fews days prior to this ) will in practice mark the end of schengen . 
  the influx of refugees/migrants will continue for at least another year at this peak number ( save some seasonal corrections maybe ) - and the ` temporary ' nature of this measure will prove to be semi-permanent . 
  schengen is far from perfect in practice , as long as the outer perimeters of the schengen area are n't properly guarded . 
  depends on the accent . 
  that 's all there is to it really . 
  in my experience people from abroad have on more than one occassion commented that two people speaking dutch kind of sounds like both are insulting one another , while dutch sounds way more awful with a northern accent . 
  combined with a southern , softer accent it can actually be likeable . 
  at the same time i admit that exactly those people in general do not invade your country during the summertimes . 
  but indeed , the throat scraping northern accent sometimes sounds as if the person in question wants to spit you in the face while talking ( or is taking preparations for it ) . 
  even compared to the most nasal of french it is still more terrible to listen to . 
  alright , the guy is rather radical , but [ this is still pretty impressive to watch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pnotkhwiim ) . 
  everyone that has the time should watch it . 
  the man is charismatic : this can be hardly be denied . 
  quote : * ` and the cynicism that we meet on the doorstep as we approach an election is in part because of the contempt parliament showed on that particular day ' . 
  i think dennis skinner is still a living , walking example of this . 
  maybe someone should create some kind of subreddit that can serve as a battleground for those two . 
  i think it would result in plenty of / r/subredditdrama material . 
  oh those people certainly exist and they are in general not hard to recognize . 
  i just wanted to say that everything can be ridiculed if only to show that it is an implied right . 
  compare it with the ` expression room ' cabaret enjoys for example . 
  people need to be willing to take some hits though . 
  i think this can reasonably be expected given how rude the internet in practice is . 
  do n't even try . 
  you know , pride and such . 
  careful now , 
  well the response it illicits often confirms a stereotype , no matter if it 's ` old ' . 
  if charlie hebdo can make a pun out of everything then why would this be exempt ? 
  at some point everything can be satirized as long as the ` too soon ' doctrine does not apply . 
  glonass apparantly is n't precise enough , thus i do n't really consider it a contender to the gps system . 
  that 's why i made that comment : maybe important to clear up my thoughts as such . 
  about gps : it 's a good system but the only one of its kind ( see above ) out there . 
  i never believe monopolies are a good thing , so the galileo system should be fully operational as quickly as possible . 
  excellent .
