  read up on the assimiliation bias , as you seem to be suffering from it . 
  admit that is the case and afterwards change the way you think . 
  just curious : do you have any prior legal experience , or are you just guessing here ? 
  because the country in breach has no ` choice ' : the treaties ensure that the ecj got the last word . 
  any nation that has lost a case in front of the ecj must - without any doubt - interpret union law in the way the ecj has done . 
  maybe you are referring to the fact that member states in exceptional ( and read carefully : really exceptional ) cases tend to stall the implementation of directives , but that 's something else . 
  and even then said member states will probably be fined . 
  more importantly : a corporation that suffers because of the lack of implementation will always be entitled to its ` right ' , as long as the implementation period has passed . 
  so for example : the council and eu-parliament adopt a new piece of legislation and henceforth decide on a 2 year implementation period . 
  the very day my country passes that 2 year limit - which has happened in the past oh so often - it will be liable for not implementing the directive in time or improperly . 
  eu law will in that case work directly after that time limit has passed . 
  a country that does not implement in time will in the grand majority of times only hurt itself . 
  out of my personal legal experience : the ecj will simply make the eu directive work directly . 
  the ecj got the last say , that is simply how it works . 
  everyone is free to turn to the ecj in case the implementation of a certain directive is lacking ( albeit after the implementation term has ended ) . 
  it kinda fits in the picture you probably know in your country as well : the judiciary got the last word . 
  i expect an eu military to be formed by a nucleus of larger , western european states as a testcase . 
  it wo n't be created by all the member states at once , unless something really dire were to happen . 
  also , i 'd avoid saying ` never ' . 
  learn to stop dealing in absolutes , as that will ensure you unlikely end up being surprised . 
  not * the last * say to be frank : if the ecj decides that a directive is not implemented accordingly the member state in question will still be forced to change their legislation . 
  also : regulations for example need no implementation : these work directly . 
  i agree with the rest what you said . 
  / u/delenda _ east is pretty wrong thinking that the eu is a weak federation : it shares much more characteristics with a confederation than a federation as of 2015 . 
  qmv is one of those things in my opinion . 
  then again , the simple fact that the persons we are talking about hold legal citizenship does not make them dutch citizens or dutch in any way . 
  i personally would n't shed a tear if these persons , that being the boys and girls that join isis , al nusra or some other terrorist organisation , die in a bombardment . 
  they are n't our citizens . 
  they never were . 
  by travelling to isis they committed a terrible sacriledge towards the dutch identity and therefore they should not get the benefit of the doubt . 
  also , rutte prefers them to die instead of * coming back * . 
  he simply choose one of two extremes . 
  there is a scale in severity though . 
   and remember , until recently we were supportive of anti-assad fighters . 
  were we ? 
  as far as i remember , that narrative only fitted some of my more naive compatriots . 
  you know , the people that believe in terms like ` freedom fighters ' and ` the arab spring ' , while remaining oblivious about the forces fueling said ` rebels ' . 
  i do n't for a second believe that a majority of the dutch were supportive to anti-assad fighters ; that would be really out of character for the average dutchman . 
  the so called ` educatieve maatregel ' is not given lightly : you must have really mishaved to be ` awarded ' with it . 
  also : if i ever were to be fined ( whether 200 euros or 800 ) while being completely sober , because of a failing test , i would fight my fine up to the hoge raad . 
  such a fine will not stand , of that i am positive . 
  ` geen straf zonder schuld ' us legal scholars say . 
   a friend that still smokes recently got checked after a days work on the commute on the way home , due to history of drugs he was taken apart for a blood test . 
  license taken away while completely sober ; where did this happen ? 
  i wonder . 
  and did he appeal the decision ? 
  the shock effect obviously . 
  it reminds me how terrible the yugoslav wars actually were . 
  there was no mercy . 
  yet a smile that is much closer to the average citizen than pechtold his condescending attitude for example . 
  i like listening to pechtold , but most people simply get repulsed by the way he tends to put people in their place . 
  he often assumes this rule of ` teacher ' that is verbally disciplining one of his students , which does n't really work in his favor . 
  same , although i admit that this position is ` the easy way out ' . 
  it is much less difficult to simply ban the persons we 're talking about entry back into the netherlands and wish them to die than actually running them through all types of deradicalization programs and dragging them through the courts . 
  but what are we talking about again ? 
  people , some of them young people , that go out to a warzone that equates hell on earth and join the most awkward organisations that are out there . 
  really now , joining isis or al nusra means forsaking the values , rights and duties we consider normal here in the netherlands if not the entirety of the western world . 
  it is sign of pure betrayal towards the country you come from which should * not * - in any way - result in leniency . 
  age has nothing to do with it : when i was 16-17 i had a good idea of right and wrong , and the same should be expected from every youngster especially in the most obvious of cases . 
  it is not like you are miles away from being an adult at that age , nor can you not comprehend the consequences of your actions . 
  also , we should be very aware that many of the people that traveled to syria have been under the influence of terrorist organisations for almost 2 years now . 
  question is whether someone can still be salvaged after being indoctrinated for so long . 
  alcohol is legal as well , yet you ca n't drink and drive . 
  a temporary solution would be keeping the test as an indication of someone 's possible state , while following it up with roadtests . 
  the most easy things like standing on one leg or being forced to make a difficult calculation is very challenging for someone that has used cannabis . 
  of course , deciding whether someone is intoxicated is up to the officer administering the tests . 
  still , it is much more preferable than a faulty test . 
  out of my personal experience i can state that nearly everyone here consumes cannabis by smoking , although making eadibles is something that quite a few users do now and then . 
  by the way , i feel bad about the availability of weed in your country . 
  i can only imagine how terrible i 'd feel after buying and smoking that bio weed stuff you 're talking about . 
  it even sounds outright dangerous . 
  why ? 
  what is ethically unjust about doing away with a test that can victimize people that are not guilty ? 
  i am pretty sure that scientists can come up with a reliable test . 
  road tests probably . 
  simple things like checking someone 's balance and mental state . 
  as long as the test can not properly point out whether someone is truly under influence , it should have no legal power . 
  neither have i , but it inevitably * must * lead to problems in my opinion . 
  it wo n't be long until cross border ` drug ' tourism will become a thing in the states around the two that have legalized it by now . 
  some people will try to sell it in their home state , effectively increasing the supply on the illegal market . 
  then there 's the issue of federal drug law , which still prohibites the selling and cultivation of cannabis if i am not mistaken . 
  just like you , i am curious about how this will work out but for me it 's a given that this will lead to trouble . 
  the real question is how the surrounding states should respond : decriminalize it , or respond with ruthless suppression . 
  a simple , straight to the point question : how is cannabis being used by the average joe ? 
  that is what / u/osskyw2 is warning about . 
  granted : everyone that is right in the head should either bake it into something or use a vaporizer , but at the end of the day the vast majority smokes it . 
  the problem with cannabis is that it can show on tests as late as two weeks after using it . 
  i can remember some controversy regarding a drug test here in netherlands that had the same problem . 
  it would lead to people getting a positive test , while being completely sober behind the wheel . 
  it needs no further clarification that this is unreasonable and even unjust . 
  for what it 's worth : i agree . 
  cannabis is relatively unharmful , but we should n't act like smoking it is the same like drinking a cup of water . 
  i agree that denying this is damaging for the pro-legalization camp . 
  because many people , including politicians , were taught that cannabis is a drug where alcohol is n't . 
  for them , cannabis is logically part of that category and some therefore consider it to be in the same league as cocaine , heroine , etc. 
  which is completely ludicrous given how it is not comparable to those two other types of drugs , but still that is how part of the electorate and politicians think . 
  i do want to point out a few things though . 
  first , legalizing the entire cannabis sector ( or more correctly , regulating it ) has been proven to be close to impossible here in the netherlands . 
  each single proposal about regulating the cultivation and selling of cannabis gets vetoed by the major political parties most of the time . 
  that might change in the near future , but not just yet .
