  with respect to kosovo i 'd say : different times maybe . 
  quite frankly : i do n't know , but i would n't bet on double standards immediatly . 
  people are simply more informed nowadays , and that is major factor . 
  also , i doubt that the nato bombings ever managed to kill so many people in such a short period of time . 
  there was massive criticism over the united states its illegal wars in the middle east , something out of which the us has drawn lessons for the future . 
  russia was widely criticised for bullying georgia as well . 
  georgia , iraq and afghanistan were all struggles between nation states , with different reasons to start out with . 
  still , i dare to say that not a single two weeks in kosovo , georgia , iraq or afghanistan come even close to the brutality shown in the gaza strip a few months ago . 
  at least when it concerns the use of force by the us , some other western nation or russia . 
  even wars have rules of decency , and israel has shown to simply ` not care ' during certain judgement calls . 
  i have great moral difficulties defending such a nation . 
  the end does not always justify the means . 
  in a historic perspective , the bombing of dresden sure was a complete and total warcrime . 
  so is the shelling of school schelters in the gaza strip , especially when israel knew that civilians were seeking shelter there . 
  i understand that civilians die during war , but that sad truth should not lead to random attacks that do not take the risks for the civilian populace into account . 
  gaza is a densely populated place , and therefore it can be expected that israel backs down a bit as the professional party involved . 
  but really : if i read your opinion i kind of see myself talking like 2 or 3 years back . 
  look up some of the footage of the 2008 gaza war and again the footage of this year . 
  compare the deathtolls of both sides , and tell me if this is still proportional . 
  know who you are defending . 
  luckily there 's much to choose in the us of a. 
  you make some really good points here , especially with regard to taiwan and the pre-1945 world . 
  indeed , russia 's act was completely illegal but what can be done against it at this point ? 
  protesting against it for the next couple of decades might keep it on the agenda ( if only slightly ) , but as long as russia does not willingly give up crimea the status quo will remain . 
  also : 70 years of russian dominance in crimea is for me a pretty much continuous presence , even though the tatars ( which have been brutally treated by stalin ) used to be in the majority before that . 
  the manner in which russia simply annexed crimea was obviously illegal , but maybe there was something to say for it from a moral perspective . 
  and that is really difficult to say for someone that considers the russian state to be the largest crime syndicate on the world . 
  i realize how dangerous this type of reasoning is though , since there are russian minorities in many countries that might be ` liberated ' using the same criteria ( save the majority one ) . 
  ask yourself the ` why ' question and then come back with a reasoned response . 
  hint : driving people from their lands , colonies on the west bank , widespread poverty , shortages of just about everything --  makes people susceptible to terrorism . 
  fuck hamas , but understand why it mainly exists . 
  if hamas could n't draw from a constant pool of recruits it would have died out years ago already . 
  has n't there always been a major russian presence in crimea in the past 300 years ? 
  one could indeed say that crimea has always been russian and therefore belongs to russia . 
  i want to stress that i * do not * support the methods that russia used however , but it 's not like russia assimilated something else than mainly its own people . 
  both situations are , despite your analogy , not really comparable . 
  estonia does not have a russian minority amounting to 70 % of the population . 
  paying ransom is not the same as supporting terrorism , although i agree that nations should refrain of paying ransom at that will have a negative long term effect . 
  nor does the second article prove that the eu directly sponsors terrorism . 
  the simple fact that a corrupt entity like the pla happens to do that is not exceptional . 
  corruption is prevalent everywhere , and that still does not mean that the eu directly supports hamas . 
  also , and you seem to lack knowledge here : fatah can not be considered a terrorist organisation , where hamas surely is one . 
  i already had this feeling that you were biased when you were talking about ` arabs ' , which is of course a complete misnomer as it is used an umbrella term to describe a multitude of peoples . 
  what you seem to do , and i 've noticed this so extremely often , is that the defendants of israel tend to frame people like me as supporters of hamas or corrupt goverments . 
  both are not true , not even in the slightest , and i will distance myself from any such assumptions . 
  this topic however is not about condemning the barbarity of hamas , but about the palestinian people . 
  you know , the average guy that is far away from radical politics and simply wants to live a life of his own . 
  without living under the constant threat of war or other inconveniences . 
  that guy and his family are the victims of the fuck ups of israel and the current pla . 
  also , i do n't shift the blame : i simply recognize palestine and at the same time acknowledge that israel is * far from perfect * , and has been involved in multiple human rights violations as well . 
  my stance in who got more claim to what is completely neutral ; the only thing i want is for palestine to get recognized , so that israel can no longer sabotage the two-state solution . 
  if you really believe that , then you surely missed the message . 
  let me give you the message : the eu has never , ever , supported terrorists or extremists , nor did it willingly support fundamentalists . 
  there however has been increasing support for the palestinian people , which simply want to get recognized . 
  the fact that hamas and other despicable organisations are among them does not strip them of their rights . 
  i would also like to remind you of the fact that groups like hamas are actually a partial result of israel its policy in the levant . 
  the core of the question is whether or not palestine could be considered a state yes or no . 
  the simple fact that israel meticulously tries to avoid answering that is because it knows that international law will not play out in their favor . 
  as sweden indeed stated : all the requirements for recognition of statehood have been fulfilled . 
  israel knows it will lose any decent argument about the question of statehood , because it is really difficult to argue that the requirements have not been fulfilled . 
  exchanging insults does not equate diplomacy . 
  the simple fact that israel * again * must reach for insults proves that israel just wants to skip the subject all together . 
  the israeli government is afraid to get to the core of the question . 
  alright . 
  but when you say - and stay with me here - ` voted ' against is it so unreasonable to assume that this always refers to a vote in parliament ? 
  because that is what it completely looks like here : you said that the vvd voted against - probably after the proposal in question was debated - which would mean that the vvd did not support the act we 're talking about . 
  moreover : what 's the use about talking about the vvd its position in the past , when this position was abandoned by the time this was all cast into law ? 
  it seems trivial to make a point out of that , as the vvd voted in favour when push came to shove . 
  in the end the vvd was not against but * in favour * , and that is all that matters . 
  edit : more important , i notice that you refer to the vvd and d66 as ` neoliberals ' , which is used in a derogatory sense in certain ( leftist , although i hate that term ) circles . 
  the simple fact that you dislike the vvd , does not allow you to make it look like they hated something as progressive as gay marriage . 
  also , the vvd its position on gay marriage is very clear nowadays . 
  really now , i 'm not angry . 
  the correct word here would be ` amazed ' , or disappointed . 
  personally , i have been very plain in my responses : simply put , you told us all that the vvd voted against , which has been disproven . 
  twice you had the opportunity to disprove my statement , yet you did n't . 
  why ? 
  because i expect that you know that you are wrong but still ca n't bring up the courage to admit it . 
  what you do n't seem to get , is that i did * not question * the vvd its position before the vote . 
  moreover : if you were to go back in history far enough just about every party ( and its predecessors ) would be against gay marriage . 
  i completely understand that the vvd was not in favour beforehand , but i did not question that . 
  in dutch we would say ` begrijpend lezen ' . 
  you missed my point : i simply attacked your statement that the vvd voted against , which was utter nonsense . 
  also : the downvote button is not a disagree button , so refrain from using it except for situations of racism/discrimination etc. 
  pff , once again : you said , in the beginning :  a decade ago the liberal party in the netherlands voted against gay marriage voted - against . 
  which turns out to be a flat out lie/wrong assumption . 
  the party did n't vote against , but few dissidents did . 
  that does not make you right . 
  in turn , i sent you a ` kamerstuk ' that clearly proves otherwise . 
  next you say this :  yes , it 's a good thing they changed their mind later on . 
  hell , that is not why people mass downvoted you here . 
  you claimed that the vvd voted against , which was simply wrong . 
  that did not happen . 
  what i do notice here is this pattern of covering up your own mistake . 
  is it so difficult to say : sorry , i was wrong , let 's move on ? 
  nobody questioned the vvd its position before the proposal about gay marriage was being debated in parliament . 
  `` 17/04/96 '' i think we 're done . 
  in the end this all revolved around this statement :  a decade ago the liberal party in the netherlands voted against gay marriage which was false as turns out now . 
  the simple fact that a few dissidents do n't follow their party does not mean that the party is not in favor . 
  did they , or are you just babbling whatever you 'd like to think ?
