  to be frank , it surprised me that the banlieus have n't spawned more extremists so far . 
  but according to the data we are on equal footing , even after such a correction . 
  as / u/romebeach already stated , we are nowhere near the french and uk situation . 
  integration policy here has become pretty strict , and in relative numbers comparatively less muslims here have moved abroad to fight/slaughter for their supposed holy cause . 
  i honestly do n't even understand why you made that comment about the netherlands . 
  the map in the article linked clearly shows that the netherlands actually has less fighters per million that travel to their ` caliphate ' than compared to france , belgium , denmark , sweden and austria . 
  next to that imagine that most european countries do n't have large islamic minorities ( particularly in the east ) of around 5 % of the population and one could say that we certainly are n't doing that poorly . 
  you ignored an important difference between both attacks : one was much closer to ` home ' - that being that one was perpetrated in the heartlands of the western world against western citizens , while the plane bombing was elsewhere in the world ( egypt ) containing people that are more distant to us . 
  their deaths remain a tragedy though : it 's not like i am saying they ` deserved ' it , as they surely did not . 
  they were innocent and not directly accountable to the acts of their government . 
  then there 's the media coverage as pointed out already : there are direct images of the terror attacks , by now thousands of news articles and around the clock coverage , while contrary most we have is a crash site picture/some videos of the crash in the sinai desert . 
  it 's logical that people do n't get worked up about it as much , as it is more distant and less imaginable . 
  the same goes for the lebanon bombings : there is absolutely ** no ** moral obligation to mourn as much about the lebanese victims as for the french victims , just because happened to be human beings in the end . 
  such presupposed universal compassion is a lie : people mostly care about the people they identify with and can relate to , thus the response of the paris attacks is much stronger . 
  and that certainly does not make the response ` wrong ' . 
  it 's self gratification really : people want to show how extremely good they are in exchange for social approval . 
  it are events like these that reveals the most malign form of group thinking out there . 
  but hey , got ta update my facebook page with a french flag !, 
  time to follow the trend . 
  way to go off topic . 
  seemingly you could n't resist the urge to highlight how extremely important your unrelated ideas are to this topic . 
  most annoying is the smell of defeatism around it : i can only imagine how fragile society would be if the behavior shown above were common good . 
  could some moderator explain the ` misleading ' tag to me ? 
  such a label demands an explanation and should certainly not be applied at random , as seems to be the case here . 
  edit : or give the reasons for removal , as happened now . 
  of course : he 's just a regular suspect , so naturally he should be subjected to all the formalities of the justice system . 
  i however do not see him cooperating anytime soon , as the chances for him getting away with anything but life imprisonment are extremely slim anyways . 
  not to mention that the people that do things like this are beyond reason anyways : one can hardly imagine what type of mental gymnastics are necessary to justify such grave crimes . 
  about life imprisonment : maybe a french person with some above average legal knowledge can tell us if this is the only likely punishment to await him ? 
  may justice be done now . 
  this savage should never be released into society again and his freedom ought to be taken away forever . 
  let 's hope it actually ends that way . 
  edit : seems like the media were wrong/premature . 
  the guy apparantly could still be at loose and enjoying the freedom he does n't deserve . 
  i agree . 
  it 's a beautiful gesture , but it does n't solve anything . 
  the thing that always crosses my mind when keeping a moment of silence is ` what should i be thinking about ? ' . 
  because you 've already given a lot of thought to the relevant causes of whatever grave event that happened - and its implications - and that single moment of silence is often a bit double . 
  it remains an impressive thing to see large crowds of people maintain a moment of silence though , i 'll concede that much . 
  you 're such an internet badass !, 
  they probably already know about such safer means of communication . 
  what was done yesterday was well coordinated but not picked up . 
  since breaking encryption equals calculating power mass surveillance may indeed have become even less useful . 
  sorry man !, 
  i also spoke about the people as in ` the majority ' . 
  of course plenty of turks do n't want this charade !, 
  exactly . 
  that 's how history is being made . 
  it 's part of ` the west ' after all . 
  if those guys have indeed infiltrated europe and set up sleeper cells than they 'll have to make do with what they have . 
  but as said before : it 's all speculation . 
  i just notice a parallel that should n't be taken too seriously without further evidence . 
  edit : just to further clarify , i never really took the reports about is infiltrating europe too seriously . 
  but at this point one can start to doubt . 
  today jihadi john got blown away . 
  later on today this happens . 
  could be a coincidence , or not . 
  kerry pretty much said that the days of is were numbered , so if is did this it would be a massive propaganda victory . 
  although that 's all speculation . 
  first and foremost : my condoleances to the families of the victims of these coordinated attacks . 
  let the police find out what really happened . 
  indeed . 
  people there wanted to give that autocrat an absolute majority , and now they will know the bliss that accompanies a despotic dictatorship . 
  sad , but a people often gets the leader it deserves . 
  i am aware of the numbers , and lebanon is stretched to breaking point . 
  no argument from me from that point : that 's why the un needs to compensate even more , and the nations behind the un should give more funding to organisations already operating on the lebanese-syrian and turkish-syrian border . 
  if we would 've acted sooner and properly funded those massive camps the entire flow of syrians might not have even taken place at all . 
  the recent eu-turkey agreement is a step in the right direction in that regard , but more funds and personnel are needed . 
  we certainly do not differ about that !, 
  to respond to the most important points :  i 'm not really that bothered if people agree with my position or not , but it 'd be wrong if i did n't challenge your statements ... 
  i 'd also be intrigued as to what ` corner ' of the political spectrum you think i 'm on because i 'm pretty sure that everything i 've said to you is more a universal human thing than a party political ... oh no , this certainly is n't universal . 
  it 's more left wing leaning : the right wingers i 've met in my life would not feel inclined to defend the action taken by these people . 
  to be frank : most right wingers seem to be less empathic in general - something which is difficult to admit - where leftwingers seem to more empathic in contrast . 
  to the point of being naive in some situations , but that trait is certainly not limited to one ` side ' . 
  just to clarify : i do n't care whether you 're a lefty or not . 
  it just radically decreases the chances of us two agreeing on anything when it comes down to this topic , as the left is obsessed with subjects like the one we 're talking about . 
   i looked at source material from refugees , you drew upon your feelings . . 
  so it 's not really relevant is it ? 
  i did not : i called your comparison not valid . 
  that 's something else : you talk about people 1 ) out of a completely different time period , 2 ) with a different background , 3 ) that were on the run when this very continent was in deep trouble . 
  the comparison therefore is misleading , and a bit unfair to be honest . 
  we will not agree on this , thus lets just keep it for what it is . 
   we are talking about refugees , if someone is n't fleeing persecution or war then they are n't a refugee but a migrant . 
  that 's the definition ... 
  your view seems to be that the definition of refugee is someone who arrives and does n't complain . 
  not really : i however do share the opinion that a person that flees from war for example and finds shelter in safe country a , can not claim to be a refugee anymore when travelling to safe country b. 
  many people have left the safety of e.g. 
  turkey to enjoy the higher standards of living in europe , while in fact moving further away from their nation of origin !, 
  the very nation they ought to rebuild when the time comes . 
  maybe connected : over here the term ` refugee ' is almost universally being used to describe migrants as well . 
  it is a habit noticable in other european countries as well , therefore i did make the distinction again . 
   i think we have a duty to care for people fleeing war and to make sure that they can return afterwards ... why do we have this duty ? 
  why ca n't we send monetary aid , personnel and other things these people need to the region , instead of harboring them here ? 
  it becomes increasingly more difficult to send them back after a few years have passed , and past experienced have showed us that such people will not return in large numbers . 
  when we start to make them feel ` attached ' to german , dutch , french or whatever society out there in europe we are actually diminishing the chance of this actually happening . 
  and indeed , if there really is no other way - a condition that has certainly not been met today - we can take them in provide them with whatever basic things these people need . 
  indeed , there is still a faint humanist somewhere deep inside me , but that side of me is certainly at odds with the side that likes to see a long term solution , not an emotional appeal to short term alleviation of human suffering . 
  the gesture of wanting to help is beautiful , but in the end no solution . 
  next to that , europe certainly does not have the means to heal the entire world , nor are we responsible for the misery many countries find themselves in today . 
   how is that relevant to your point on refugees needing to be thankful and not complain ?
