  by building this historically styled palace he just wants to emphasize how much he loathes secularism . 
  something tells me that this is only the start . 
  erdogan will have damaged turkey much more before he retires/is ousted/is killed . 
  seldom have i seen a leader that can be so decisive , arrogant and ego-centric to this extent . 
  i will just be honest : not present day russia , but its rich history . 
  its long standing history of withstanding foreign invasions and defending the nation . 
  the space program achievements ( yuri gagarin ) , other feets of science and literature , as well as being the largest political experiment on earth between 1922 and 1991 . 
  present day russia for me however resembles apathy , servitude to the government and aggression . 
  it would be a lie to deny that i feel that these character traits at least partially root in russian nationalism . 
  not that we are perfect either , but still . 
  the same goes for trends : the pvv over here used to be leading in the polls for like 1,5 years until it was overtaken by another party . 
  but when election time comes , people will likely bet on the * safer * , less extreme option . 
  that is how it goes most of the time , because the average person likes to avoid risk . 
  not to say that ukip success in the elections ca n't happen , but i would not bet on it . 
  this was to be expected . 
  no matter : polls are just a snapshot , so this does not necessarily have to say something about the 2015 general elections . 
  if polls would actually say something , the populist pvv would be running its second cabinet here by now . 
  more relevant is this :  two-fifths of the public ( 39 per cent ) said they were attracted to ukip because the party says what they think this . 
  this problem of ` understanding ' established parties is going on in so many western countries . 
  apparantly the gap between the people and those who rule them is getting larger each and every year . 
  if this keeps up , a self-destructing society might not be that unreal of an option in the not so distant future . 
  indeed , my bad : did n't notice that part on my mobile phone . 
  [ the position of the linke ( in german ) ] ( http://www.linksfraktion.de/reden/ukraine-es-gibt-weg-diplomatie/ ) . 
  translated it means as much as : - russia must be guaranteed that ukraine will not become a member of nato . 
  - second . 
  the perspective of ukraine lies in it being a bridge between the eu and russia . 
  - third . 
  what must be initiated is perhaps a federal or confederal state with perhaps even two presidents of ukraine , and a process of understanding and reconciliation between east and west . 
  this is from last march , but i doubt their position has changed dramatically so far . 
  seems like the linke tries to stay away from either side , probably because they resent nato ( as does the version of die linke , de sp ) edit : seems like die linke might be more [ inclined to support russia ] ( http://02varvara.wordpress.com/2014/03/14/die-linke-leader-gysi-lectures-the-bundestag-eu-screwed-it-up-in-the-ukraine/ ) . 
  finally there is an agreement on a cease-fire . 
  that to me is already a breakthrough . 
  the donbass is of course part of the ukraine . 
  it will need considerable autonomy rights . 
  what we need now is a marshall plan for the eastern ukraine . 
  we need regional elections . '', 
  during debates politicians keep speaking towards the chair . 
  sometimes though , politicians during heated debates refer to other people by their name , but always start out with saying ` mr chairman ' regardless . 
  also , i believe we are not really an exception with respect to other continental nations . 
  moreover , we have even taken more measures to prevent the deranging of political arguments by architecture for example . 
  the house of commons got this very confrontational , side vs side layout . 
  the second chamber is a semi-circle , so more cooperative in outlook . 
  far left socialist party in germany . 
  socialism in its purest form , so you must fear that ^ ^ . 
  it is not limited to the westminster system . 
  over here politicians speak directly to the chairman as well, 
  ah yes , the wonders of calvinism . 
  the historic cause of the widespread indifference as we see it nowadays . 
  love another , but do n't understand why you should do so  . 
  i believe we export the vast majority of our gas ( close to 80 % ) . 
  but indeed , it feels comfortable to sit on some strategic reserves . 
  there is some good strategic planning going on over there . 
  good call , as i would n't like to be held in gazprom 's deathgrip after what happened to ukraine in the past ( and what is still happening now ) . 
  never buy from a monopolist , that much has been made clear again . 
  we have a national cuisine ? 
  this comes as a shock to me ; i always believed we could pretty much be considered barbarians compared to the italians and french for example  . 
  interesting project however , but it is going to be difficult to improve our culinary image given how much native food over here is just downright bad for the present day person . 
  take something as simple as ` stamppot met jus ' : it used to be perfect nutrition for the 19th century agricultural worker , but nowadays it is just an overload of carbon hydrates that the average office clerk could better ignore . 
  it pretty much reminds me of every instance in which a voter is asked to give his/her opinion . 
  if there is a choice between uncertainty and security , people will choose the latter . 
  people are animals of habit . 
  it seems like we are done talking , but for what it is worth : you got me wrong . 
  it is not me that proposes that the uk should be punished : i just stated the signals that have been observed from brussels over the past few months . 
  to say that i 'm framing the uk is unfair to say the least : the uk has really worked on its ` defiant ' image under the cameron administration . 
  the uk could leave , but indeed : it likely will not . 
  when push comes to shove , people will choose security over uncertainty . 
  that 's how it goes , always . 
  or more precisely : most of time . 
  i ca n't really feel offended for something that is not connected to me personally . 
  i 'm a proponent of the eu , but i do n't consider the eu to be the final phase in politics . 
  but i do am a bit annoyed by the uk its behavior , as this is a supranational union of 28 member states of which almost all do not share the uk its vision . 
  let it be clear that the uk is free to go ( i 've said that elsewhere as well ) , but cutting the uk loose should not result in more net benefits for britain . 
  that would actually encourage more member states to leave , which is detrimental to european integration . 
  so yes , there is a dimension of ` punishment ' , though i did not come up with that . 
  there have been more than enough signals from brussels that an eu-light will not be accepted with regard to the uk . 
  maybe if the uk would have taken another , less damaging approach then renegotiations ( if they even ever will take place ) would indeed be easier in the future . 
  as it stands now , the uk will be made an example off during an exit , not in the first place for already partially turning its back on the member states on which this experiment thrives . 
  breathe the fresh air !, 
  ( unless you live past the former iron curtain ), 
  i understand what you are getting at : the demolition of trading barriers is beneficial to all . 
  problem is that such an agreement would still result in loss of influence on the uk with regard to brussels , as well as compromising on the free movement of persons and other key principles of eu law . 
  in theory the eu could of course agree with a simple free trade agreement , but i fear that the resentment towards the uk will be too strong for that . 
  also : letting the uk get away with such an agreement will set a precedent that the commission ( and other member states in that regard ) would like to prevent at all cost . 
  that made my day . 
  opt outs that are not without controversy . 
  also : there is a major difference of getting an opt out , while staying in the eu , and completely regenotiating eu-uk relationships by cherrypicking whatever the uk likes best . 
  the free movement of persons and goods for example are fundamental rights of the union that are highly unlikely to be compromised on . 
  that is why i predict that it will either be all or nothing , as the uk already seems to have overplayed its hand . 
  also : you should not , really should not , underestimate the resentment that a brexit would cause in the member states . 
  do n't expect a warm cup of tea at the negotiation table . 
   but do you really believe , cameron and his government did n't see this coming ? 
  i think , he is just playing the surprised and outraged oh , they sure saw this coming . 
  at least : i expect that cameron got a whole army of civil servants watching and predicting any moves from brussels . 
  that still does not imply that he is wrong : only that he is an opportunistic bigot that starts talking whenever the media forces him to do so . 
   first of all the sums are not big , they are small or tiny . 
  second of all , if all member states agreed to recalculation , then that should be upheld . 
  not to mention that where some states have to now pay more , some member states already paid more for the beginning . 
  it would be quite unfair to backtrack now . 
  in these times the sums of money we are talking about are pretty big . 
  as for the netherlands , the country that has to pay the most next to britain , i can say that such money is not available at this point .
