  i will refer to your moral mistake in doing so though . 
  this has gone on long enough , and i do n't feel particularly comfortable in filling in the role of the dutch government . 
  there is no need to continue for me . 
  i 've seen them , but it is flawed reasoning . 
  they filmed a few soldiers and immediatly extrapolated it to * all soldiers * present . 
  if you really want to go for that kind of reasoning , that 's all fine by me . 
  i however will not partake in it . 
  it is the same as calling all american soldiers that served in iraq and afghanistan mass murderers , just because a select few went on a killing spree among civilians . 
  those stories about dancing and alledged racism among dutch troops always been blown out of proportion . 
  what i found much worse was the clearly frightened face of colonel karremans when being interrogated by mladic . 
  it was fear , clear fear , for a man that dominated him during the entire argument . 
  to those [ interested ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az7woyumciq ) . 
  in the end , i care little about who is responsible for failing to protect the population there . 
  what i do care about is the knowledge we still do n't know all the facts , 20 years down the line . 
  if dutchbat iii was indeed sacrificed to protect other , more powerful entities then there should be repercussions . 
  ** edit : ** to those so utterly inclined to click the downvote button as a ` disagree/hate ' button : just read on . 
  the things we know for certain : - the dutch were lightly armed - way too lightly armed for their mandate . 
  this was a political decision : whether this was also in accordance to un wishes is unknown to me . 
  - when the enclave was attacked air support was denied . 
  recently it was revealed that this was a coalition decision of which the hague was not informed : the us , france and britain decided on this in the months before the massacre . 
  i am not interested in pointing my finger , but more parties may share responsibility to what happened . 
  vital air support in each case was denied multiple times . 
  when air support came in it was already too little , too late . 
  - the forces under command of mladic were numerically superior and were armed with heavy weaponry . 
  - the dutch failed in disarming the local population , which resulted in the situation of srebrenica being used as a safe haven for raids in areas around the enclave . 
  - the dutch assisted the forces under command of mladic in separating men and women , under certain threat . 
  even then though , it was a shameful thing . 
  then again , it is easy to say this on reddit when i was n't there . 
  there is no doubt that only mladic his forces are to blame for the massacre , but the responsibility about who was obliged to prevent it to happen - including the discussion about crucial air support - is still not clear 20 years after . 
  in each case there is no desire to walk away from what happened there - and many soldiers that served there have returned to visit the place , some even do so on a regular basis - but it remains a national trauma here . 
  the title alone was enough for me to stop at 1 second . 
  and it is a serious misrepresentation of what happened , which actors were in play and how politicians - not regular soldiers - failed that day . 
  i know : it takes hundreds of years of near constant warfare to reach this level . 
  it is curious to see how different we are sometimes . 
   that 's a good enough reason to fire him on the spot . 
  who exactly should do that ? 
  fortunately , brussels does not have such powers in the present , and i do n't see merkel send him away for a slip of the tongue . 
  you should also take the worsened diplomatic relations between greece and germany into account before judging this ` joke ' on its merits . 
  insults were exchanged from both sides , multiple times , over the past few months . 
  it should go unpunished , even though he showed some bad taste in humor here . 
  mr. schauble is free to make such statements , or are we to forget all the times that germany was insulted with that awkward discussion about war reparations ? 
  it goes both ways you know . 
  i repeat that he should n't have made this ` joke ' though , as it runs counter to good diplomacy . 
  interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  either i dont understand physics , or you are applying a legal rule here that is not in existence on this side of the atlantic . 
  a bullet shot at a nearly vertical angle should slow down and fall out of the sky with much less kinetic energy . 
  it is not strange to assume people can not easily be killed by it . 
  that is what i meant , as that takes away the deadliness of a handgun in this context . 
  but the cultural divide is surely at play here : apparantly in the us pulling a gun is the ultimate warning , whereas here it is the second less serious warning and only gives way to the warning shot . 
  i think it is a good thing that there is an optional additional stage before a police officer is allowed to use lethal force . 
  edit : fixed some parts . 
  i understand it from the american context , but over here ( where no one besides the police is armed ) it works . 
  i think it demands little imagination to agree that the psycological effect is tremendous . 
  but a warning shot here is not firing over someone 's head for intimidation : it encompasses shooting in the air in a safe way . 
  most suspects that hear a warning shot cease their opposition to being arrested . 
   if you 're pulling out your gun you 're in a deadly situation if the rest of the population can be reasonably expected to be armed as well , otherwise the answer is no . 
  however , pulling a gun here ( in a country with strict gun control laws ) works rather de-escalating as it is a potent threat . 
  following is up with a verbal warning and a shot in the air is pretty useful . 
  a pistol aimed and fired in the air at a 70 % angle is no deadly weapon . 
  that is what is meant with warning shots . 
  to start out with the latter , yeah ... indeed . 
  maybe to lecture me even with the best of intentions , but i was n't crusading for the breakdown of society as we know it . 
  i was talking about a hypothethical situation to which i am open if basic demands are met . 
  it is likely that a coup d'etat * must * always result in infringement of human rights to some scale . 
  that could happen for good reason : you do not find the stability argument that important , but if the population were killing each other in the streets there is absolute justification to temporarily ban public gatherings for example . 
  what we can not avoid about the human rights topic is that many of them are already being infringed upon legally : very few of the rights we know are absolute . 
  even freedom of speech is limited . 
  therefore a coup could be business as usual , as long as there is * good reason * to go down the path of limiting certain human rights . 
  this highly subjective part is the danger you are warning me about - undoubtedly with noble intentions - as it can lend itself to measures that go against the interest of the people , while the administration abuses those measures to fulfill selfish goals . 
  there is a lot to be said about me highly underestimating the risk associated with it , as i might put too much trust in the moral character of military leaders in that situation . 
  certain human rights however should not never be infringed upon , no matter what hypothethical situation : freedom of speech , the ban on torture , habeas corpu , etc. 
  you probably know them : most of the ` classic ' rights citizens have nowadays . 
  it is best to break out of this discussion and give my opinion on democracy in general . 
  you wanted an answer , and i 'll give it to you : i support democracy , but not unconditionally . 
  i know , it is not the answer you wanted , but there is a lot of fear from my side that democracies may destroy themselves in the long run and thus give rise to something much - much worse . 
  i take a lot of interest in the long term stability vs short term gain argument and we should not underestimate the importance of it . 
  after all : the decisions taken by our politicians today will influence our lives into the far futures . 
  such responsibility must be used wisely . 
  unsurprisingly , i am not very enthousiastic about referendums as well . 
  i used to be fiercely in favor of it as an instrument , but my whole outlook on democracy has become rather bitter and cynical as years have passed . 
  you are talking to someone that considered democracy a god-like , perfect system not too long ago . 
  those times have passed though . 
  might be , but it is important to note that the number of police shootings has dramatically increased in a mere 5 years time . 
  this must be seen in the context of a ` hardening ' society , but other factors may be at play as well . 
  i can remember that until not too long ago there would be an official inquiry each time a police officer pulled his service pistol : nowadays this is only necessary in case shots were actually fired . 
  this may have lowered the threshold for police officers to pull firearms , but that is all conjecture . 
  what we can know for certain is that police officers have to deal with more and more violence here with each passing year , and this leads to a response . 
  what might be the difference here between the uk and the netherlands is that a police officer is fully empowered to shoot someone ( by instruction in the lower leg/knee or some other non vital spot ) if attacked by someone * and * if this attack can not be mediated by some other method . 
  if the police officer his life is on the line he can fire at will for the duration of the threat . 
  you might feel this one coming , but could you tell me how this is arranged in the uk ? 
  what are the ` rules of engagement ' concerning the use of firearms by police officers ? 
  since the stats are about ` vuurwapens ' ( i.e. 
  firearms ) used by the police i would say gang violence do not infuence these numbers . 
  as far as i know the police did not get caught up in any of those high profile assassinations , and the wording suggests that ` firearm ' here is restricted to conventional firearms . 
  ca n't be sure about that last part without all the data though . 
  key numbers for the netherlands in 2014 : - 158 times firearms were used by police . 
  - 70 times firearms were discharged to warn persons , 61 times out of necessity . 
  the latter can also involve ( wild ) animals . 
  compare this to a population that is about 4 times smaller than the uk and one can conclude there is a major difference between the uk and the netherlands .
