  even though that sounds just to some extent very few people over here would ever want to agree to that . 
  people want to protect what they believe belongs to them - and adventures like this only sound like another dangerous experiment . 
  there simply is almost no political support for such a proposal because of it . 
  any ideas on who will win the second round ? 
  i take it that pawel kukiz can not partake in the second round and it will thus be a battle between komorowski and duda ? 
  a double tragedy : first and most importantly , multiple people lost their lives . 
  secondly , airbus might be badly affected by the loss of this particular a400m as long as the cause of the crash is n't clear or moreover , if it has to do with the design of the a400m . 
  i certainly hope the latter wo n't become true , as it really is a magnificent plane . 
  ... reagan and mcdonalds . 
  if this actually was an attack - which is unsure at this point - it would be more proof to how little control pakistan has over its own territory . 
  although one can not expect much of a failed state . 
  this is a time to rejoice and properly remember what we have here , which is decent system of representation . 
  sure , it is not perfect , but vastly preferable to this travesty . 
  in effect voting tactically ( which this system stimulates ) boils down to forsaking your own principles and beliefs . 
  it is a serious reduction in democracy , as people are * actively stimulated * to vote for a party that is not their first choice . 
  it results in votes being funneled through even fewer entities ( i.e. 
  often 2 major parties ) than in a system of full proportional representation , which enables one party to rule - even on a very limited popular mandate . 
  that is why i said it is not the concern of voters , as this system will actually decrease democracy itself . 
  this can hardly be in the best interest of the electorate . 
  as much as i dislike and even hate ( in case of bnp ) the latter two parties , your desire to keep those two out of parliament by highly undemocratic systems like this is dishonest at best . 
  people that vote ukip or bnp should be convinced to vote otherwise by discussion , and not by creating a legal hurdle for them to express their opinion . 
  about that vote : i have seen this argument before , but it can be considered rather weak . 
  the ` yes ' campaign was pretty bad and the alternative was n't pr voting . 
  the outcome was therefore not even slightly surprising . 
  come to think of it : snp might use support for a normal , democratic pr system as a bargaining chip for transfer of more powers to scotland . 
  the snp is in a really cosy position from multiple viewpoints . 
  what amazes me more are the swarms of people staunchly defending it . 
  really , i wonder how brainwashed you must be to defend something like this . 
  the stability of government is not the concern of voters : people should vote on the party or candidate they believe in and thus vote with their full conscience . 
  systems like this categorically belong in the ` less-than-democratic ' corner . 
  exactly - and that is why change will likely need to come from your average briton . 
  i saw some comments earlier today of people stating that they did not vote labour or conservative because of this , which is absolutely commendable . 
  but who knows : maybe labour will see the light now and convince all factions in the newly voted house of commons to change the system . 
  i do n't expect any opposition from the smaller parties to such a proposal , as it would be in their advantage ( the libdems having been in favor for years already of course ) . 
  whatever it is , labour holds the key for now . 
  let 's be fair : whether you like it or not , this is the direct result of first past the post voting . 
  if this outcome is proven to be correct , a lot of labour voters will have had their vote thrown away . 
  this can hardly be called democratic , no matter which side you are on during these elections . 
  nevertheless , congrats to anyone who voted conservative today . 
  seems like david got his second term . 
  learned another highly complicated german word as well : wahlbeteiligung . 
  might throw it around in a euphoric party mood . 
  in that case i actually agree : it is best to get out there , cast a blank vote and give a vote of no confidence . 
  i think that also ensures you are not automatically morally disqualified each time you criticize the government in the coming few years . 
  not really sure what happens with a ` blank ' vote in the uk , but over here it automatically gets assigned to the largest party . 
  so even if you partially disagree with the current system , voting blank ensures that you empower the people you disagree with . 
  truly , if you are disillusioned with how democracy works nowadays it is best to simply not vote at all . 
  voting indeed means legitimizing the people you disagree with , which is self defeating in essence . 
  i am very worried about people not voting here in the netherlands , but i have come to understand it . 
  the people that do n't vote out of principal considerations are much higher in status to me than the average guy that just votes on the basis of 2 or 3 issues , and probably even on the wrong party considering his interests . 
  better be fair then and condemn those people as well . 
  i said it before and i 'll say it again : distrust is what will kill democracy in its current form within 2 or 3 generations . 
  many people do n't realize it yet , but this is what will likely happen in the long run . 
  and let me add that the people are not to blame for that : their leaders are . 
   and even during the massive eastern victories in 1941 , the wehrmacht was suffering unsustainable casualties . 
  was n't this the direct result of adolf hitler dividing the attention of german forces over 3 targets on the eastern front ? 
  that was something his generals disagreed with almost unanimously , yet he was allowed to push it through of course . 
  the war was lost in the east as we both know , and hitler played a big role in dividing german resources as well as clamping on to stalingrad , which turned out to be the major turning point in ww2 . 
  also , the battle for kursk which could have been won was lost because hitler took away vital divisions for von manstein his counterattack . 
  checks out : you say you do n't agree and openly come out for your opinion , yet get ` awarded ' with mass downvotes . 
  so far for uttering a dissenting opinion i guess . 
  seems like we do according to your study . 
  rather weird , given all the other studies about way too salty bread and too salty food in general . 
  not to mention the lack of diversity at first glance ( we mash things , but next to that ? ) . 
  but we ca n't compete with science , so this must be right . 
  a real surprise though , as there is a lot to still improve . 
  apparantly we do well when it comes down to the consumption of dairy products , which partially explains the above average length of the dutch people . 
  but we can not deny that there is a fastfood culture here as well , and that there is a lot to be improved . 
  take bread for example . 
  ever eaten bread abroad ? 
  the bread we eat here is of very poor quality , while it is supposed to be the basic food for your average working dutchman . 
  i can by the way remember that the higher numbers of obesity in italy were directly connected to a few national dishes that are rather unhealthy , like pizza . 
  mediterrenean cuisine remains vastly superior to the junk we eat here , as it seems to be much more diverse and balanced . 
  as for the netherlands : can confirm . 
  it amazes me how people still get so old nowadays , although most old people here still eat healthy . 
  i wonder if the next generation of elderly people will do the same though . 
  [ this system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first-past-the-post_voting ) of voting . 
  look at the ` effects ' tab to see the shocking result of it in the uk in 2005 for example . 
  i believe there is n't , next to the ordinary first past the post ` bonus ' . 
  you know , the one that basically * throws away * one third to half of all votes people have cast in any given constituency , compared to a system of proportional representation . 
  fortunately people in the uk are starting to wake up with respect to this democratic deficit : only 2/3 people nowadays still vote for one of the two major parties , and the remainder refuses to let their votes be funneled through two entities . 
  ** edit ** : just clarifying that elections in the uk can be considered semi-democratic , due to the current system . 
  any system that throws away a large proportion of votes in favor of the largest party in district x is less than democratic by default . 
  whether or not a stable government is the result of your vote - and the votes of all your fellow citizens - is not your concern . 
  everyone should vote with his/her heart and not out of strategic considerations . 
  now you can guess what the current system still stimulates . 
  edit2 : yep , you are not allowed to criticize the uk 's voting system . 
  really amusing to see how it always gets punished to burn down this part of uk politics , probably even by the same persons that consider themselves ` real ' democrats . 
  enjoy today 's circus boys : i hope it will for once truly reflect the popular vote . 
  it feels satisfying to see how just about everyone responding to this post , as well as people responding on the nytimes , are burning this proposal down to the ground . 
  the author apparantly believes that we should open the floodgates and what seems to be the hidden message in all of this is a type of assumed ` guilt ' to what is happening in the mediterrenean . 
  the author literally has no idea about what is going on here , what drives these people and what the responsibilities of their own respective states are . 
  to start out about the indifferent part : i think that is not the case . 
  at least not here . 
  the general discontempt seems to be focused on greek politicians and the greek government , and not on the greek people . 
  we have all seen the images of poverty here on the news , and most people here realize that greek people suffer tremendously under the current situation . 
  that being said , i think there is a mentality here in the northern part of europe that dictates that sacrifices need to be made in order to build a solid foundation for future greece . 
  but is that really fair ? 
  i know for a fact that greek society has been stretched to its limits so far , and if the situation would turn worse , bloodshed on a large scale will become plausible . 
  something i do not want to see happen obviously , neither would any persons i know that are remotely interested and informed in greece its case .
