  he will always be carrying * some knowledge * of use with him - and the sheer fact he 's able to present this to is is appalling . 
  what amazes me the most however is how such a person can make a switch from the rnaf to an organisation like is . 
  it is . 
  for a change it actually is , despite the widespread misuse of the term . 
  this guy can - if found guilty - be sentenced to ** life imprisonment ** in the utmost case , although i imagine it wo n't get this far . 
  but he sure as hell will go to jail for a long time if he happens to set one foot on dutch soil ever again . 
  the official penalty varies from a very low sentence until 30 years prison time or life imprisonment - in case someone is curious about how this guy could get punished . 
  life imprisonment here is by the way really life imprisonment . 
  there is no reasonable expectation of being released ( read : a pardon ) , and there is no parole system . 
  it means you 're literally dead for the rest of society . 
  edit : added some things . 
  i 'm not a fan of orban either , but have no trouble admitting that he was right this time . 
  it is strange to see how only a few nations in europe have to suffer the burden of guarding the outer borders of the schengen area , while other countries effectively make it worse for them . 
  orban his comment was an outcry to germany , at least for policy change , and he was well within his rights to do so . 
  after all , the route to germany cuts right through hungary and therefore i understand orban 's bluntness in this matter . 
  hungary is directly affected by whatever is the news of the day in germany . 
  he is not wrong , though stating that it is an exclusive german problem is imprecise . 
  sweden is of course another magnet in europe , so germany is n't quite alone in this . 
  by the way : did someone notice schulz his face ? 
  he had great trouble hiding his annoyance . 
  of course he does n't know the same as say a general . 
  but he has an idea of how the dutch airforce operates and this could be counterproductive for dutch soldiers stationed in allied jordan . 
  being in the airforce he at least got some information of worth for groups like is . 
  no idea how this guy passed the background check , but someway he did . 
  i wonder how many military secrets he has taken with him to syria . 
  good job to the autorities here in not preventing this from happening in the first place . 
  yep , the infamous quote from the aftermath of the second world war . 
  to be honest , this phrase had some truth to it but it differed from person to person . 
  enough people in germany had no clue about the camps during the war , which indeed means that they should n't have been punished . 
  to punish an entire people for the flaws of the perpetrators while those other people had no knowledge about it and no power to prevent it is dead wrong , in a moral sense as well as in a legal sense . 
  the fact that you use this example shows how the allies have construed a myth of collective responsibility back in the day , one that still has left an impact today . 
  if someone is responsible , then it would be the country its elite or intelligentsia , as those people in general * can * see most ends . 
  but hans around the corner ? 
  no way . 
  edit : grammar, 
  we agree to disagree then . 
  obviously i disagree , as it seems that you want to put way more responsibility in a people than is reasonable . 
  the ballot box , contrary to popular belief , does not contain a 100 % well thought of verdict by the people , nor should we label the result of elections as some kind of ` will of the people ' . 
  maybe in principle , but surely not in practice . 
  that is where we differ , as i acknowledge the flaws of the average voter . 
  the average voter does n't know enough to cast a proper vote , next to that he is highly susceptible to campaigning . 
  the current successor to the maastricht treaty will become void due to the exit mechanism in the teu . 
  the uk would after a certain date no longer be bound by the treaties , that being the teu and the tfeu . 
  hehe , you brought a smile to my face . 
   or we are all just victims and democracy a charade , in which case why vote at all ? 
  there you go : that is the answer . 
  i know it is a highly impopular opinion , but very true from multiple points of view . 
  a people thus can not be held responsible for the flaws of its leaders , not in general at least . 
   not really . 
  what kind of damage ? 
  are you going to bomb us or just refuse to export stuff to us ? 
  no , and you definitely should not read it as a threat or something . 
  if it seemed like it wanted to convey such a message , then forgive me for not phrasing it properly . 
  i am referring to trade barriers , like high import tariffs and double taxation for example . 
  after the uk would leave the eu , many eu directives and regulations that are beneficial to the uk would become void . 
   i do n't think that scots have ever been polled on whether they would prefer to be in the eu and not in the uk if the uk were to leave the eu . 
  a few examples . 
  [ one ] ( http://news.stv.tv/scotland-decides/news/1324952-poll-66-of-scots-want-to-stay-in-eu-while-51-in-england-favour-exit/ ) , and [ two ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/13187523.scots_want_to_stay_in_eu__as_the_rest_of_britain_wants_to_say_goodbye__says_new_poll/ ) . 
  though there is more to find out there . 
  there is a clear difference between what the general attitude towards the eu is in england , compared to scotland . 
  if ` britain ' ( mostly england in terms of population ) would vote to leave the eu , scotland may take matters into its own hands . 
  it seems the scottish government has [ also ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/jun/02/nicola-sturgeon-scottish-backlash-if-uk-exits-europe ) expressed that it does not want to see scotland leave the eu . 
   from an emotional perspective , very few brits have any emotional attachment to the surpranational elements at all i think this is one of those core problems we discussed before , next to for example the clash between common law and civil law . 
  over here there is some annoyance if the eu would ever create a directive or regulation that goes contrary to the netherlands its ambitions and goals , but in the end everyone closes ranks and goes on with what they were doing . 
  even though a non-state entity just brought a piece of legislation into existence that runs counter to the interests of my very own ( member ) state !, 
  this unconditional surrender is really different to the response in the uk , but i understand the difference in opinion . 
   this is exactly the reason why i think the uk should leave . 
  if nobody has the same vision as the uk , it is pointless us being shacked together . 
  i think this is a fair assessment , but the damage inflicted on the uk will be far greater than so far predicted . 
  also , you have real trouble with scotland if that were to pass , as scotland does not want to part from the eu . 
  which makes this entire drama even more complex . 
  well , as usual , i respect your opinion on the matter despite our extremely different opinions about the eu . 
  i do want to add one final thing , that being a question . 
  how do you look upon the eu ? 
  do you see it as a intergovernmental organisation , or a supranational organisation ? 
  i am not interested in how it is viewed academically , but just how you perceive it . 
  the answer is probably important in explaining the strained relationship between the uk and the eu . 
  full federalism is almost surely the outcome in the long run , though this might take as long as another 100 years . 
  all across the world borders are coming of less and less importance , where continental cooperation is on the rise . 
  this is unprecedented in world history and the general direction has become clear : the world is moving towards more and more unification . 
  i fully agree with how things should have gone according to your description , but this is the failure of * politicians * across europe , and again * not * of the eu . 
  it factually just is n't , as the eu is bound to the powers given to it in the treaties . 
  the entire pseudo-confederal state the eu finds itself in as of 2015 is the direct result of political cowardism , as well as incompetence . 
  the eu is an impossible compromise at the moment , thus it should move in one of two directions : back to a single economic union , or forward towards a political union . 
  or it should utilize some third , revolutional option to get out of its predicament , but at the moment it is hard to see there are more options than the two just named . 
   the uk is in ever closer union with the eu . 
  all eu grandees are determined to press ahead with greater integration . 
  the fact that their flagship projects are collapsing around them just makes them call for ever greater integration . 
  of course , the uk should pay incredibly close attention to this , when it comes to deciding whether or not to stay a member . 
  a bit of a doomsday message . 
  nothing is collapsing as of today : the euro is still there and europe is n't collapsing . 
  that is n't going to change in the short term , let alone in the long term - not as long as the situation stays the same . 
  i can remember telling you before that the uk is rather alone in this , which results in a field of tension between the uk and by far most of the member states . 
  how much can the uk really demand , given that it is part of a union with so many other states that have different interests ? 
  realistic answer : very little . 
  and cameron * knows it * . 
   do we really want the same things as the rest of the eu ? 
  if we just want trade , why do n't we just negotiate a trade deal and let the chips fall where they may . 
  same as the previous paragraph : the uk seems awfully alone in pushing the uk into this direction , which is why the renegotiation will fail . 
  that 's why brussels will probably give cameron some unimportant stuff which he can present as a landslide victory , only to not see the nature of the relationship between the uk and the eu dramatically change .
