   cultural marxists then if you prefer to call them that . 
  you know in what circles that lingo is being used right ? 
  to prevent people from getting the wrong idea you certainly should not use it to make a point . 
  not to mention that the type of ` liberal ' he implies mostly can be found in the us where it is almost synonymous with the left wing or even far left . 
  classical european liberalism is much more closely alligned to conservatism and the right wing in general . 
  an example would be the allocation of eu funds . 
  by creating such resentment among other eu organs and the member states slovakia could in the future easily be confronted with a lower share in it . 
  or by more subtle means , by diplomatically isolating slovakia . 
  if a bunch of powerful european nations start to form a block against you it is not hard to see this will result in economic fallout as well . 
  mind you : i do n't want this . 
  i do n't want some kind of hostile relationship between slovakia and other eu member states . 
  it is likely not productive in the long run for all involved , yet could be a consequence of sabotaging cooperation in europe like this . 
  as said above : for example if the legal and diplomatic consequences will wreak havoc on the same nation . 
  you definitely should * not underestimat * e what is going to happen here : slovakia will ignore an important piece of eu legislation and will try to do so with impunity . 
  this is a serious faux pas and will cost slovakia dearly - arguably much more than a mere court case . 
  a leader should try to maximize the happiness and wellbeing of his/her people but not at all cost . 
  if it turns out that such a decision has a more negative outcome in the mid and/or long term , it will not be worth it . 
  a real leader dares to say ` no ' to the people when it is justified . 
  contrarily ; a leader that does not do that and tries to appease the people as much as possible is just a marionette player and moreover a plain old populist . 
  history is not kind to such leaders , that is a tragic fact . 
  the will of the people is not some kind of divine oracle that is ` always right ' . 
  it is not , and the people are easily influenced by whoever wants to pull the strings . 
  politicians should do their very best to maximize their happiness and well-being , but above all not be afraid to take painful measures in the short term that will benefit the nation in the longer term . 
  that is a true gesture of love towards your own people and in particular a sign of wisdom . 
  i think this is true , though i 'm rather right wing so probably the odd ball in this . 
  but if you look at the amount of lobbyists in brussels alone and the influence they hold over european legislation there is some truth to it you 'd say . 
  exactly . 
  the real war was enabled by the great powers at the time and the power blocks they formed vs one another . 
  the murder of archduke franz ferdinand was an important detail in it of great symbolic and practical significance , but certainly not the decisive factor . 
  without him being murdered another excuse would 've been found a couple of years down the line . 
  to call the eu socialist while it is more rather corporatist/neo-liberal is a big mistake . 
  sure , it is far from perfect , but / u/zmsz just is completely right . 
  as explained ad nauseum : slovakia 1 ) entered into a treaty with other european nations and 2 ) it needs to live up to its obligations . 
  the slovak government at the time put their damn autograph on the piece of paper and ratified it . 
  i completely and fully understand this is subject is highly impopular and extremely difficult to sell to the people . 
  but the fault lies with slovakia for not opting out on it , not with the eu . 
  for god sake no : this is literally the quickest route to anarchy . 
  the idea is beautiful - as everyone * loves * ' a man of the people ' - but rulers from time to time have to take decisions contrary to the will of the majority . 
  appeasing the people should not be a goal in itself : doing what is best for a country is . 
  if this means that his country will become diplomatically isolated , caught up in several expensive court cases and afterwards be confronted with a large bill due to damages * and * soured diplomatic relations with other states it certainly was n't worth it . 
  because i can tell you this : next time he needs the support of those nations that voted in favor today , they 'll just walk right past him . 
  thanks for your replies in both comments : it seems like you have way more in depth knowledge to offer . 
  i can remember how the attitude of certain national supreme courts was laughed at back in the day when european law was a mandatory course during law school . 
  of course there is a certain influence to be noticed there due to the dutch system of law and the way we implement eu legislation ( in short , without ever making a real fuss about it ) , but after all the conclusion was that whatever position a national high court takes will be overturned by the ecj . 
  this becomes different if a nation just categorically refuses to implement an ecj judgement : it seems to be that any intervention by the commission to enforce this decision would be fruitless if not paired with massive diplomatic pressure . 
  after all : european states are still sovereign even after giving up part of it , so you could say it is their prerogative to simply not implement any european obligation . 
   it seems that whilst in theory , eu law is supreme , there is some give and take , and that the eu wo n't always test supremacy to its limits . 
  i would n't be surprised if the political dimension plays an important role in this reluctance . 
  question is if it 's really so , or more complicated than that . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
  because i do n't really see practical legal limitations , contrary to the political turmoil it would cause . 
  strange sense of humor you have there . 
  yeah , the netherlands suffered that fate as well in the past regarding the implementation of directives . 
  you can get sued of course , but by the time that happens the fault is either repaired or many years will have passed by then . 
  this could be possible . 
  predictions are always based on many uncertain factors , but it is a safe bet that all this upheaval will blow over in a few months/years . 
  today is a bad day for europe , as it appears to be the aggressor towards four states that tried to resist it , but a lot can change in a relatively short timespan . 
  although the eu should try to limit decisions like this to an absolute minimum : it endangers the future of the eu itself as it takes away public support for it . 
  correct : that is what i am stating . 
  this means that the constitutional provisions in question would not be marked as being ` of less value ' but not applied . 
  in practice , this means that eu law still takes precedence although there indeed is a nuance to be recognized here . 
  if i understand the clause you cited correctly , romania is a more monistic country in terms of implementing international legislation . 
  the entire thing is the dutch have a similar clause in their constitution as well , yet the ecj in the past already ruled that those clauses are n't important as the eu constitutes a ` new legal order ' . 
  i know : this sounds extremely weird - and i still find it a highly curious opinion - but whether a country is dualistic or monistic does n't really matter . 
  moreover : there is no need for constitutional provisions to let eu law work in the first place !, 
  indeed : some countries in particular make some kind of grand show out of it from time to time and ask their constitutional courts to give their verdict about it . 
  but in the end it does n't matter , because as soon as the countries in question get sued before the ecj they 'll lose regardless . 
  it is , but it is moving towards the next phase . 
  technically , there is n't a single entity out there in the world , or in world history , that resembles the eu in all its facets . 
  the way the eu coordinates its actions and becomes more and more of a political union resembles a confederation more than a mere economical union . 
  do n't be surprised if it 's called the european confederacy somewhere within 30 years . 
  at some point later in time it will likely become the european federation or some other name resembling a federation . 
  precisely !, 
  i can not remember a single instance where qmv was more controversial than in this case . 
  in the past , former treaties meticulously shielded certain subjects from such outcomes by requiring unanimity . 
  nowadays , there are very few subjects left that require unanimity and this ever ongoing push to completely change to qmv ( the ordinary procedure ) is testimony that europe may be moving too fast nowadays . 
  people in eastern europe for example wo n't be ready to swallow this ` just like that ' . 
  great care should be taken in how the eu expands its powers : the peoples of europe need to be at least remotely ready for it . 
  completely overreacted statement . 
  more closer to how a confederation works . 
  there is no eu army that will show up at the borders of countries that refuse to ` obey ' . 
  and sorry to say this , but again : all those countries at the table today - including those that were against - ** signed up ** for all of this . 
  it is beyond hypocritical to complain whenever qmv does n't favor you for once . 
  what is next : a discussion about whether a slovakian has to obey slovakian national law for example ? 
  we should n't go there : the law is the law , and it needs to be observed . 
  by the dull bureaucratic route : if you do n't fulfill those obligations , you have to pay up . 
  if slovakia takes on the tough guy role and says ` no ' you can rest assured that it will be payback time . 
  other countries will start to diplomatically isolate slovakia if it were to behave like that and in turn slovakia would lose support for proposals that favor them . 
  it has been said ad nauseum , but best to repeat it again : it works both ways . 
  you take something ( the benefits ) , and you give something back ( the downsides ) : that is how the eu has functioned for a long time already , although the net effect is still that many states gain something out of it . 
  i have almost zero doubt that slovakia gained way more advantages from its eu membership than disadvantages . 
  so no scary military action , but the boring bureaucratic and diplomatic approach . 
  slovakia will bend : its government knows it must . 
  that downvote button is no ` disagree ' button . 
  the ecj has a long time ago already decided that the eu constitutes a whole * new legal order * ( as of today , close to 50 years ago ) . 
  slovakia could sue the eu but to no avail : the ecj is known to be rather pro-eu in its interpretations and even without that attitude slovakia would probably still lose . 
  it really is not complicated : slovakia will have to respect the agreements that are the result of what they signed up for . 
  the eu will not die because of it , at least not due to one mere decision . 
  i admit : the entire thing is controversial - highly controversial - but the law has to be observed . 
  in this case this means european law , as it takes precedence over national law , whether that is regular or constitutional law .
