  although i agree with your words , this part is n't really right . 
  there are n't any recall procedures mid term in many european nations , if any , for as far as i know . 
  also : completely incompetent politicians that should not rule are certainly not replaced by default , but that flaw is also innate to elections and how easily people are influenced . 
  i 've always thought of meritocracy as a democracy 2.0 : a type of democracy with most of the bad facets that characterize democracy 1.0 cut out for the sake of long term development , stability and harmony . 
  ironically enough , this can probably only be done by decreasing democracy , i.e. 
  by decreasing passive suffrage . 
  ~ ~ idiots ~ ~ incompetent candidates need to be filtered out , and maintaining the free for all as we know it now will prevent that from happening . 
  i posted the article above to outline timmermans may be very off with his estimates - something that i did n't expect to be honest . 
  personally i do not think this makes much of a difference , but the percentage of migrants/refugees seems to be rather different according to * frontex * . 
  for the sake of argument , i 've added the article above . 
  unexpected quote :  in other words , almost 90 percent the people who arrived by sea in the eu in december came from countries gripped by war or emerged from a wider regional conflict . 
  also @ / u/angryteabag : that 's actually pretty large indeed . 
  i thought the tatars stayed limited to the area of crimea . 
  til !, 
  out of curiosity , how many muslims were actually living in poland around those times ? 
  i ca n't imagine them being more than a very slim minority in those times . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  a good glass of barolo together with a fine italian steak tends to work wonders for ones mood . 
  but it seemingly is the same thing everywhere : the more up north you get , the more depression seems to increase . 
  it is a proposal so far , created under the current chairmanship of the netherlands ( the netherlands is chairing all the major council meeting for the first half year of 2016 , after that another country will take over ) . 
  the netherlands is in effect directing the course of the eu quite a bit during this period - and this plan is being worked out in multiple eu nations as we speak . 
  therefore it 's an ` eu thing ' . 
  and i thought it was obvious that turkey needs to accept first . 
  that 's just normal state practice - and you can rest assured there has already been plenty of diplomatic contact about this proposal in the background . 
  how constructive . 
  do you even anything more useful to add ? 
  otherwise you might as well refrain from commenting altogether , not to mention that this is an eu thing in the end . 
  a bit weird to tag this as ` misleading ' , as 60.000 will be deported anyways . 
  although a better title would 've indeed been ` sweden prepares to deport * up to * 80.000 . 
  my god you 're right . 
  i always believed we were close to 1,3 / 1,4 % and germany at around 1 % . 
  it appears we are even more of a leech to nato than most other member states , as germany is actually the one that spends significantly more . 
  well nearly in the same state , although we spend significantly more of our gdp on the military in a relative light . 
  i just wanted to quote that one politician that was right and able to look beyond the short term for a change . 
  russia does n't exist today then ? 
  or did russia also not completely crush nazi germany when it solved its initial problems after being invaded ? 
  by all measure , russia is a poor example to counter what i said , next to the fact that i did not deny that even then it can still go wrong ( e.g. 
  france in wwii ) . 
  not to be ` warlike ' , but its better to be a hawk instead of a dove , just to be prepared . 
  the most paranoid nations in this regard have shown to be more stable throughout history - and even in these quasi-enlightened times there is no such as guaranteed peace . 
  i can remember some dutch politician commenting that ` the military is a vital insurance which should not be subject to budget cuts ' . 
  the comparison with a national insurance was a strong metaphor - and in that sense it is always better to be prepared . 
  thanks buddy : sadly the environment here is n't really stimulating discourse , but i 'm not going to back down . 
  others have though , hence the increasing echo chamber effect here : sometimes you get the feeling you 're a stranger shouting something in the desert . 
  i hope this will reverse itself at some point so that honest exchanges of thought will come first again !, 
  that i understand , but he is n't neutral either . 
  he 's quick to shift the subject to the extreme right , while ignoring the possible presence of extreme left violence here . 
  his flair especially makes me think he 's a hypocrite in that regard ( the guy is an anarchist ) , and that seems a reasonable guess . 
  especially the ` that 's ok ' part comes over as a kind of justification in my eyes . 
   that 's ok , they 'll repay `` them '' by setting fire to double the amount of refugee housings . 
  where 's the condemnation ? 
  i care little that you are an anarchist - completely unrealistic as that dreamy ideology may be - but surely even you condemn acts of violence , no matter the colour of the perpetrator ? 
  also : how are you so sure that the people that were victimized here ` will set fire to double the amount of refugee housings ' ? 
  yeah , those are dangerous folks and extremists in their own right . 
  they are on the aivd watchlist in my country , as well as being involved in extreme left violence in germany . 
  and the list does n't end there when it comes down to the hardleft entity known as antifa . 
  that 's a problem after all , though the same problems are being faced here as well . 
  dutch is n't particularly easy as well if you come from syria for example , but our more extensive social net will make it way more easy to temporarily help people that have difficulties . 
  and most importantly : if they want to go , they 'll go anyways . 
  orban was right as rain in that regard . 
  apparantly politicians did not care that much about that , as they consider this to be a european problem ( read : schengen problem ) and therefore want some kind of general solution that ` hurts ' all nations involved . 
  to make things clear : this ` distribution ' is n't my preference : i 'd rather have the borders of europe forced shut for the next 100 years , so we can solve our own internal problems . 
  but the deal has been made already and the above string off comments is inspired by the legal reality . 
  the best solution would be to revoke the entire forced distribution scheme as it seems to rupture at the very foundations of the eu . 
  until then , the current situation serves as a point of reference however . 
  the better course of action if you want to show ` respect ' is to just avoid such a route . 
  actively adapting to ideas prevalent in iran while the opposite does not apply when visiting iran is very self defeating in itself . 
  after all : would a gay head of state , or a gay diplomat in that regard , be given access to iran in return ? 
  even better would be to not do anything at all , but diplomatic reality will make that hardly possible . 
  the thing is that this compromise is too favorable towards the iranian president . 
   there is no migration policy in eu and never was . 
  the powers providing for it are open ended . 
  or are you saying that there is no legal basis ( i.e. 
  a competence ) for what happened ? 
  the council begs to differ ( see the original vote for redistribution of migrants ) . 
  above all , there has never really been much discussion about a lack of legal grounds for the redistribution of migrants ( not mainstream at least ) - although the cjeu arguably has the last say in that . 
   if above would n't be true then migrants already would be redistributed . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  whenever a directive or regulation gets implemented and a member state refuses to implement those measures , there will be talks in the background to ` smoothen ' out any rough edges and make implementation possible . 
  this is how it has always worked when a member state has been headstrong in the past - and some kind of compromise has always been achieved to date . 
  that does n't mean by the way that the nation that refuses to act is n't still in total breach of european law : poland is like e.g. 
  slovakia under the clear obligation to implement these measures - regardless of what you think of the topic . 
  let us not start saying that there 's is no ` legal ground ' because you dislike topic x. 
  lets keep keep politics and the legal reality completely separated for the time being . 
  and when that happens , poland could behave like it does nowadays . 
  it would still be completely illegal as it would constitute a breach of european law , but at least it would have my support . 
  as it stands now , a very small number on the total population is not even accepted as a gesture of good faith towards the rest of the eu . 
  there 's no suggestion here that poland should just suck it and attract millions and millions of people from foreign cultures , but that it could bear to draw in a couple of thousand as a gesture of good faith . 
  what would the effect of 30.000 people for example be on a population of nearly 40 million if evenly spread out ? 
  we 're talking about 0,1 % of the population in this case . 
  even less then ** 0,1 % . 
  ** and that 's said by someone that thinks the borders should be shut down completely , but legal obligations have to be observed . 
  that 's the deal in europe and that 's how it should happen : pacta sunt servanda . 
  mind you : i 'm basing this statement on a * couple of thousand * of people , or a few ten thousand , compared to the total population ( the polish population being 40-ish million ) . 
  the nations we are talking about are hauling in ** way ** too many people and that will have a profound impact on the population . 
  just look at the part of the swedish population that is foreign born : it 's significant compared to the native population . 
  we 've noticed the effects of failed ` integration ' in my country first and hand and i 'd be the last one to know how much consecutive governments here fucked up . 
  but if you take only a few people and spread them out evenly across the country ( instead of allowing to flock together ) full assimilation will naturally occur . 
  people will be surrounded by the natives and their culture all the time after all , so they 'll be forced to submit . 
  indeed , the latter has become painfully clear on * certain * subjects .
