  to be clear : we 're assuming this strong ai would be just like us , and would of course be capable of learning . 
  maybe turning off is not murder , if you 're intent on turning it back on . 
  it could be e.g. 
  the same as sedating a human for weeks on end though , against his/her will , which in turn again brings up issues . 
  one can question whether that does not imply some kind of master-slave relation that is unethical and could even backfire . 
   obviously the risk of being destroyed by a powerful-enough ai is a million times more important than moral qualms about shutting off a computer . 
  implying that the latter is still a mundane computer , and nothing more than that . 
  i 'd say humanity can better prevent this discussion and build no strong ai at all . 
  but once we 've done so , the answer is n't clear cut - nor are the implications . 
  you ca n't be sure a strong ai will turn into some skynet that in 0,6 seconds of thinking judges that humanity poses too much of a threat , and needs to be eradicated . 
  you missed the point : a self driving tesla is n't a strong ai : it 's not even * close * . 
  the rest of what you said can be immediatly discarded on that basis . 
  look up the definition of a strong ai , and accept that strong ai i 'm talking about would be conscious and self aware . 
  you 'll have a problem on your hands when that comes into existence . 
  i partly agree . 
  to start out with alphago : it 's basically just a weak ai , and very limited besides playing go . 
  sure , its a marvel of programming ( especially considering that it learns by mistake , which is difficult to program ) , but in the end alphago is a rather narrow entity . 
  as you said : alphago will do everything to win . 
  if it can win with 1 point difference with 99 % probability versus winning with 30 points difference ( i 'm just picking a random number by the way ) with 50 % probability , it will always choose the 99 % option . 
  alphago is in essence nothing but a ruthless consolidator , that does not care about human concepts like ` honor ' ( which you even see in board games ) or other human traits . 
  do n't think for a moment we are anything else but an elaborate biological machine : the human brain can be unraveled - and will be fully unraveled in the years to come . 
  we could copy its basic parameters and put it on software , maybe combined with some hardware ( for example , a robotic body ) and it would be a person . 
  that 's the scary stuff : a person does n't have to be biological . 
  it rather has to be close to what we are . 
  a strong ai can be programmed as we want it to be : we design the system , and from that system it can adapt to new circumstances . 
  if that system would be a copy of the human brain , we will have created a being . 
  on the flip side : if we were to create a copy of the human brain with the capacity to evolve and escape its boundaries , we might have created a monstrosity that ceases to be a person if it decides to do just that . 
  but the latter is n't sure : it 's more of a doomsday terminator-ish view on intelligent ai , which is far from certain . 
  also : imagine if you today could get rid of all your emotions , would you do it ? 
  to add to the previous : would an ai that is programmed with emotions opt to do the same ? 
  after all : being a person is connected to feeling , and without feeling you 'd turn into an empty shell . 
  i fully agree to your last paragraph by the way : we are completely on the same page in that regard . 
  certainly : there 's tons of stuff to still do !, 
  we should n't get high off our own supply just yet  . 
  progress is endless in my view , and moves faster or slower depending on how much effort is being put into achieving that word . 
  edit : fixed some things . 
  i 'd say 20 years max . 
  the tech is developing rapidly - and technological progress is more akin to an exponential process than a linear one . 
  history is full with people underestimating the pace of progress , and that lesson from the past certainly apply to the times we live in . 
  i should 've been more clear : i was referring to a situation where an ai that is deemed too dangerous would in turn be shut down for good . 
  as it is permanent , it would de facto amount to murder . 
  furthermore i completely agree of course : there 's a consent issue at play , and it also gives some food for thought about who is exactly subject to our laws . 
  humans ? 
  or persons ? 
  the latter is already partly true ( read : legal personality ) , yet the law at its core seems to be still aimed at human beings . 
  an interesting idea : it 's far from stupid to be prepared for the upcoming changes in society , and that certainly comprises robotics and ai . 
  however , there will be ethical implications in the long run with regard to strong ai : ` shutting ' down a strong ai amounts to murder if it would be sentient . 
  but that 's a bit too futuristic for now . 
  at this point ideas like this are necessary . 
  thanks !, 
   `` what we do n't want to see is a ratcheting up of tensions between russia and the west , as has been taking place . 
  we want to see an engagement with russia - on a critical basis , but a serious basis . '', 
  after what happened in donbass and crimea it 's best to be a bit more vigilant van prepared . 
  the quoted comment might be right , but rather naive as well in that light . 
  there can be no more weakspots on the russian border , let alone when it concerns other nato nations which others member states have pledged to protect . 
   defence secretary sir michael fallon said the military build-up was intended to `` deter russia from any further aggression '' . 
  exactly . 
  nato will not strike first : russia will . 
  beautiful picture . 
  i take it this was n't taken at the rim of some city or village but somewhere deep in a forest ? 
  on the other side : it could be planted , given we 're looking at even rows . 
  in other words : ` access ' with border fees . 
  that 's hardly beneficial to uk companies in my opinion , and the same applies to european companies albeit in a significantly lesser sense . 
  implying that any of those outlets are even remotely similar in making up stories and/or leaving out important details . 
  i ca n't say much about the latter four ( i do n't read them besides seldomly ) , but i 'd be surprised if they 're on the same level . 
  breitbart is infamous for good reason : it built that reputation over a longer period of time . 
  which ... was n't assumed . 
  after all :  polls vary from 33 % in favor of leaving , to as much as 54 % also , this came out just today : [ only 39 % of dutch citizens think eu citizenship is a good thing ] ( http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/4372202/pessimisme-toekomst-nederland-neemt-iets-af.html ) . 
  that again does not mean the opposite percentage is in favor of leaving , but we should never overestimate support for the eu in the netherlands . 
  i do n't quite follow , as the numbers [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5kw673/every_country_would_now_vote_remain_in_an_eu/dbr3lcm/ ) suggest a different picture if you were to compare it to the netherlands . 
  the eu has really suffered blows in terms of popularity , especially during the debt crisis and as a result of how it dealt with the refugee crisis . 
  then there are deeper underlying topics , like unfair competition on the labor market : those things concern people as well . 
  i do n't see us leaving though ( the chance of that happening is very slim ) , but i would n't make cameron 's mistake and hold a referendum on the matter . 
  that 'd be a historical mistake . 
  well , if you notice that about [ 54 percent ] ( http://www.metronieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/2016/06/54-nederlanders-wil-referendum-over-eu-lidmaatschap ) of dutch citizens apparantly want a referendum on eu membership , that is n't really clear . 
  it is true the netherlands has been rather pro-eu in the past , but that sentiment has faded further with each passing year . 
  [ another link ] ( http://politiek.tpo.nl/2016/06/26/opiniepeiling-maurice-hond-ook-nederland-is-meerderheid-europese-exit-behalen/ ) : polls vary from 33 % in favor of leaving , to as much as 54 % . 
  let us not overestimate the support for the eu in the netherlands , as it seems to be more fragile than people like to think - especially among the lower educated . 
  interesting , yet where 's the netherlands ? 
  at this point my country is doubting between being pro-europe and euroscepticism , although i believe there 's still a slight majority in favor of membership . 
  i wonder if the western people among us with a russia fetish ( whether trumpist or otherwise ) also read this kind of news , and if so , if they skip over it and just choose to ignore it . 
  this kind of news shows how the russian government at its core operates : ruthless , utilitarian and without mercy . 
  just read this :  following the banning of the mejlis , the authorities turned their attention to the remaining senior members of the organisation still in crimea , including deputy leader ilmi umerov . 
  after appearing in a tv interview in which he insisted that russia should leave crimea , umerov was taken for questioning by officials from the russian federal security service . 
  he was told he was being investigated for `` threatening the territorial sovereignty of the russian federation . '' after several months under investigation , umerov was forcibly confined to a psychiatric institution and placed in a * closed ward for patients with severe conditions * . 
  i imagine they forcibly drugged him to keep him ` pacified ' as well . 
  russia can be really damn backwards , which is why it deserves no place on the world stage . 
   the border checkpoints look like this . 
  i know that . 
  therefore read the part ` ad hoc ' border controls , something that is allowed under schengen . 
  i would 've expected possible border checks to stop him at the border , but of course the main problem here was time : after waiting for a over a day to spread his name , border controls got increasingly less effective as a means to find him . 
  i do n't think its a perfect tool though : borders are notoriously difficult to control . 
  of course he probably would n't admit guilt or something : i do n't expect him to . 
  what i do expect - and that 's the point - is that he can not reason together * why * killing those innocents was justified . 
  whatever reason he would give would 've been easily trivialized , further confirming how morally bankrupt radical islam is . 
  we all know that already , but it would 've nice to see it confirmed once again . 
  while the police were on your tail after about 12 or 18 hours ? 
  you 'd say that the guy was unable to move after that moment , but indeed , before that it would 've been easier . 
  still , somewhere in my mind i would 've thought such a person would come across an * ad hoc * border control ( the latter being set up as a result of the attack ) and therefore would 've been arrested before being able to get out of the country . 
  agreed : i consider that to be way less invasive than the standardized gathering of personal data .
