  whatever you approve of the vvd or not , you ca n't say simply rewrite history in your own advantage . 
  what else ? 
  conservative is not more fitting . 
  not recognizing de jure does not mean not recognizing it de facto . 
  just accept that crimea , with its 70 percent russian population , has been annexed and it will not be given back . 
  that simply is not in russia 's nature as it would amount to a ` defeat ' . 
  no , crimea will remain ` russian ' until the russian state comes to an end . 
  nothing can be done about it . 
  it does have its connections within fifa . 
  remember the 2018 world cup ? 
  not to mention the reports of widespread corruption within fifa . 
  too bad fifa does not work that way . 
  in fifa the definition of ` truth ' pretty much equals the will of the owner of the largest money pile . 
  sadly that last part is - at least for now - idealism and in not in touch with reality . 
  the mad doctrine has worked so far , since next to threats no one actually dares to push the trigger . 
  everyone simply loses , and that is why it works . 
  governments just ca n't do it , as no victory will weigh up to the punishment of being subjected to a nuclear holocaust . 
   what on earth does that even mean ? 
  did you just make this up ? 
  it means that you morally - and i repeat - * morally * can not simply oust people from their homes . 
  either you make a distinction between palestinians and your own nation ( what is it by the way , why do n't you show us your flair ? 
  ) , or you simply lack all empathy . 
  if someone would show up some day at your doorstep saying : sorry , this is mine now , you would remain completely calm about it ? 
   what ? 
  my reasoning is that the creation of israel was perfectly legal and that most of the land in today 's israel was not privately owned therefore can not be `` stolen from the palestinians '' perfectly legal . 
  i highly doubt that the creation of israel and the subsequent struggle to cement its foundation was in accordance with the un charter . 
  moreover , even if it was legal to displace so many people , even then it will still be wrong to simply take the territory of others . 
  you seem to reason that , simply because palestine was a british protectorate , its people did not have any rights . 
  if you really believe that , if you really want to dehumanize the people that were living there , then you are just using double standards . 
  hiding behind the facade of legality while atrocious acts were committed . 
   what exactly in my reasoning would lead you to the conclusion that israel has no claim to any of its territory ? 
  there were jewish settlements in the present day territory of israel as well . 
  following the same kind of reasoning , they would have got no rights as well . 
  but be honest here , just tell me where you come from . 
  you really get me curious here , as you seem to whitewash israel its flaws . 
  edit : reading your posting history , it is clear what kind of guy you are . 
  you seem to be trolling all kind of subreddits , and take some genuine interest in defending judaism and denouncing islam whenever it suits you . 
  at this point , i expect you have some kind of ideological agenda , so continuing this would be a waste of my time . 
  i do n't talk to people that are n't open minded ; they are trapped in the web of their own little rules and therefore can not adapt . 
  the simple fact that palestine was a protectorate back then does not mean that its inhabitants were n't bound to their land . 
  it does not mean that they did not belong there , nor does it mean that there suddenly was some right to displace them . 
  if we follow your type of reasoning , israel has no claim to an inch of its current territory and thus what you are saying is self defeating . 
  simply because you dislike hamas like i do does not that mean that israel has been ` right ' always in its history . 
  israel has been the instigator of many human rights violations and that is a known fact . 
  i do no consider israel to be in any way more or less of a state than palestine . 
  perfectly fine plan . 
  if the arabs had accepted it instead of spending decades trying to destroy israel , the whole clusterfuck in the middle east could have been avoided . 
  this comes close to the most shortsighted crap i have ever seen on r/europe . 
  do you have any idea what happened after the creation of the jewish state ? 
  do you think that the arab majority was nicely asked to leave their lands and that compensation was paid ? 
  the founding of the state of israel can be called criminal given how many people were forcefully displaced . 
  israel exists though and that can not be reverted . 
  the best solution right now is indeed - as described just about everywhere - a two state solution . 
  you 're well informed !, 
  the ` public ' response was kind of mediocre though ; there just was a lot of fuss about it in the media , and the media on multiple occassions reported that this group basically consisted of one man . 
  the main problem for the two state solution are three parties : the liberal vvd , the christian party cda as well as the populist/far-right pvv . 
  when either the vvd or the cda turns , recognizing palestine will happen within short notice . 
  especially the more ` left-wing ' parties do not feel that compelled to follow the us its stance on palestine . 
  talking about the us though : i can remember some professor saying that if there actually will be a unsc vote on admitting palestine , the us likely will abstain . 
  and in the process more organisations will come into existence and take the place of hamas . 
  the other constant being that the cycle of hate will continue far into the future . 
  israel , contrary to popular belief , can not eradicate terrorism as terrorism thrives on people that feel oppressed . 
  israel is basically creating a breeding ground for terrorism with its current approach and in the end i fear it will be proven counterproductive for israel . 
  it was a moral signal , not something that is legally binding . 
  the uk should go all the way before it counts . 
  ww3 over the downing of an airplane would be completely overreacted . 
  moreover : everyone loses in that scenario , so it is not a realistic option . 
  no , what will happen is that diplomatic relations will go even more sour . 
  the nation shooting down a trespassing plane however is not guilty for that . 
  talk about overreacting . 
  there is a clear difference between understanding how something works and accepting how it works . 
  trespassing into the airspace of another nation should result in automatic warning shots to force a hostile nation out of the territory . 
  i see no objection in shooting down a foreign , clearly hostile warbird if it refuses to comply afterwards . 
  this is just provocation by the russians , and by not reacting we are showing to be weak again . 
  alright , i was n't aware of the fact that it happens in such great numbers . 
  i get the message  . 
  the mad doctrine will pretty much prevent that scenario , unless politicians in russia for example would completely lose it . 
  although that same defence will be very welcoming to sweden as it will make sweden untouchable ( outside of situations of nuclear war ) . 
  not to say that the swedish armed forces are n't well supplied , but there are clear advantages in joining nato as well . 
  though in the end , the swedish people themselves will have to choose . 
  he did . 
  you literally said the following :  `` i would not want any american soldiers here , or to have sweden send troops to wherever usa wants . '', 
  that is not how nato works . 
  no single member state is compelled to help another unless article 5 ( when a member state gets attacked ) is triggered . 
  so unless the us or any other member state in that regard * gets * attacked , sweden is not forced to do anything whatsoever . 
  also , the ties between sweden and nato are strong as they are , so best not act like sweden has no dealings with nato . 
  joining nato will not really change the status quo , although article 5 will go into effect . 
  the same article 5 that might as well help sweden whenever grozny should show up . 
  probably , but even a full scale nuclear war will not leave the entire face of the earth destroyed . 
  the remnants of states that have been hit will keep on fighting , and in that sense europe will be at a severe disadvantage . 
  it would be just that much more convenient to live with the knowledge that every adult male citizen can grab a rifle and fall back to what he was taught in the past or in the present . 
  such a guarantee is something we do n't have in most european nations . 
  well switzerland is ... different to say the least . 
  the swiss still have this very isolationist attitude towards the rest of the world , an attitude that might even be considered outdated . 
  but being neutral demands that you have a well trained citizen militia and switzerland does just that . 
  eu countries would be unable to deal with a full scale war for the first 1 or 1,5 years mainly because of the lack of manpower . 
  if the eu as a whole managed to hold out for longer , everything will be alright . 
  question is , should politicians bet on that ? 
  as for me , i clearly believe that leaders should not gamble with the continuity of any state . 
  a weird sense of humour you got there .
