  but yeah , they got what was coming to them . 
  it 's not like the could n't expect this to happen in such an organisation . 
  no normal person should grief their loss , even though no one is doing that at the moment . 
  quick summary of what is known now : - 8 dutch born fighters executed outside raqqa last friday ; - the reason was a conflict with is leadership ; - multiple media outlets are reporting on it here , yet the source can not be verified ( because of the situation in syria ) . 
   thus you make them into victims - while completely ignoring the real victims and justice they deserve to get - as best as the society can do it . 
  not really : it 's born out of opposition to the death penalty in general . 
  i believe human life - even that of total scumbags - is the most valuable thing on this planet , and no one got the right to take it away . 
  not to mention the discussion whether the state should be able to have powers over life and death in the first place ( concerning the justice system ) , or the mistakes that have historically accompanied the death penalty . 
  maybe most importantly , and try to refute this please : why should the crime of murder be punished with killing the murderer ? 
  what moral highground is there to be recognized here ? 
   holding people in prisons where they just create more costs and waste is a nonsensical idea which does not work for these cases . 
  this is debunked a long time ago already : it is n't cost effective . 
  in the us executing a person costs well in excess of 1 million dollars due to lengthy proceedings . 
  you 'll probably not be interested by this , but i consider it highly despicable to offset human life versus ` costs ' . 
  it is a weird way of thinking , and cold to the point that it 's on the edge of things we tend to remedy with therapy . 
   to repeat , i would apply this kind of punishment only for the most extreme cases where there is no doubt whatsoever about who is the murderer and a psychopath . 
  well , i believe there are cases where you can absolutely be sure ( small in number as they might be ) , but who decides what ` the most extreme cases ' might be ? 
  that aside , why did you not respond to some other points above , that being : 1 ) why is murder distinct from capital punishment ? 
  you kind of sidetrack towards me blaming society ( ??? ), 
  and by making a vague comparison with suicide to draw attention away from this part . 
  2 ) why is the death penalty necessary in the presence of the possibility of life without parole or other methods to prevent someone from ever getting free again ? 
  why does there * need to be killing * ? 
  why is it not murder ? 
  do n't get me wrong , but i never understood this artificial separation between the death penalty and murder . 
  in both cases another human being is willingly killed by another , the only difference being that the perpetrator in the case of the death penalty is an official acting on the orders of the state . 
  the state however , just like a regular murderer , still wants you dead . 
  it wants to end your existence . 
  in the end , the death penalty is just codified bloodthirst . 
  not to mention that there is no need to execute people anymore in the 21st century , where life imprisonment will do in achieving the same goals . 
  wishing for ` death ' to be imposed on someone is a dark turn to take in your thinking , and one that could better be directly confronted for what it is : a primitive thing . 
  yes , but at that point society would be at risk . 
  that would not be so if you incarcerate someone for life . 
  and as said : that would actually be cheaper ( directed at the people that think you can offset the value of a human life vs financial costs of incarceration ) , even though i do n't like that line of arguing one bit . 
   how is death penalty more moral than lets say assisted suicide ? 
  really ? 
  i think there 's a major difference between legally murdering someone ( read : the death penalty ) - which is still downright murder by the way , despite that it is ` sanctioned ' by the state - and helping someone to die with dignity at * his own accord * . 
  it 's a difference between ** night and day ** . 
  there is nothing moral about offsetting human life as something as mediocre as costs of incarceration , no matter how depraved that person may be in the first place . 
  the same goes for pushing someone towards suicide just to get rid of him , as that would ( as you put it ) probably amount to a kind of mental torture . 
  just lock them up , give them some resources to be happy and guard said criminals for the rest of their lives . 
  that should be enough : there 's no need to kill , or to force them to kill themselves . 
  well you seemed very sceptical about the playstation example in general , besides doubting whether what he described truly happened . 
  penal law will always be deeply intertwined with moral and generally speaking ethical considerations : nothing is set in stone and everything can be changed if necessary , especially if there would be a desire in society to do so . 
  it 's my firm conviction that we 've really ` overdone ' it when it comes down to rehabiliation , and losing another goal of of criminal law out of sight : retribution . 
  to resocialize a convicted murderer that coldly planned his deed is too much for me , nor should society be obliged to forgive him at some point . 
   also cost is a non argument we are talking justice here . 
  just saying : it has been pretty much proven that executing people is more expensive than locking them up for life . 
  there was research about this in the us , and it turned out that the costs of all the procedures associated with it easily exceeded 1 million per death row inmate . 
  although i do n't like the cost argument in itself to decide on the value of a human life , or whether ` cost ' should allow us to legally murder another where life imprisonment without parole would achieve the same goal , e.g. 
  safeguarding society . 
  whether it has happened aside , i think / u/las0m talked about that example to illustrate that the prison system in scandinavian countries is pretty good . 
  moreover : the prison system in the netherlands is good as well , and can be considered to be very humane ( save the ebi in vught , but that 's another story , because of its stricter regime ) . 
  i have no difficulty with locking someone up for life provided we make the lives of such people meaningful in some way or another . 
  that includes giving them plenty of resources to give them less incentive to attack guards , even if that includes the dreaded playstation example . 
  agreed . 
  for ages i 've been arguing that murder - provided no special circumstances are in place ( for example a mother that kills her newborn child to prevent it from being discovered , but even then i 'm doubting ) - * should * be punished with life imprisonment without parole by default . 
  murder is the most malicious singular crime a person can commit to another human being and should be dealt with accordingly . 
  there should be no reason to rehabilitate a convicted murderer , as the victim itself will not be able to return to society . 
  call it a modern variant of the old ius talionis , but if someone strikes another down the perpetrator should also be taken out of society for good . 
  in the absence of the death penalty ( which i also do not support ) life imprisonment without parole would be a fitting substitute . 
  there is nothing wrong in isolating such people from the rest of society : by partaking in such horrid crimes any person guilty to it will have lost his/her right to be part of society any longer . 
  if that 's the case , she was probably looking to be killed by the russian police . 
  a despicable act it is . 
  you would n't [ want to miss out on this , right ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxopviu98xo ) think of all the amusement you would miss in the absence of louis van gaal attempting to speak english . 
  upvoted for the sake of argument , but i have great difficulty following your comment . 
  maybe you should 've phrased it in some other manner , as for now it seems like you have difficulty with people believing what they choose to believe - in short having a problem with the thing we call ` premises ' . 
  let us not deny that pre-war germany was very different than present day germany , and it 's not a stretch to assume this has to do with the denazification policies of the past , as well the difficulties germans ( especially the older generations now ) faced when travelling abroad ( and when they had to deal with people that lived under the nazi jackboot during the war ) . 
  is it so unreal to believe this has fueled present day policy ? 
  well at least you do n't burst into some rage and are constructive to deal with . 
  but it 's ok : if so many people are of the opinion that what i said would impossibly work or is not pragmatic , it 's only fitting that i withdraw those ideas . 
  in the end europe needs a workable solution , not some half baked ` solution ' as we 're presented with nowadays . 
  despite that i 'm not truly convinced though , but some of the views put forward by me might have been too simplistic in hindsight . 
  still , we need to cut through all the red tape to end this crisis . 
  if need be europe should temporarily withdraw from relevant treaties as a measure of last resort , although it wo n't come to that . 
   the influx is being used as a pressure tool because no agreement is being made at all and the strain on greece grows for every day . 
  what do you think greece can do about this , shoot the boats down ? 
  execute the people who refuse to go back ? 
  jesus christ , why the dystopic examples again ? 
  pick up those peoples as soon as they reach the shores , process them , and immediatly send those of them back that can not be considered for asylum ( nb : a small minority could be easily distinguished as having no chance at all ) . 
  make sure the entire process will be as swift and efficient as possible , that being to the point that it is still humane in nature . 
  the eu has [ allocated funds to greece ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/14/greece-eu-refugees-migration-crisis ) already , even that is not enough yet . 
  but it 's not like greece is being abandoned altogether , despite the popular image of everybody hating on greece . 
  the thing is that multiple eu countries are sick and tired of the political game tsipras is playing , so now they are banding against greece . 
  from that point of view , what has tsipras his strategy achieved next to ostracizing other close nations ? 
  using refugees as a pressure tool was a foolish thing to start out with - and austria and other nations that are being bothered by it are in their rights to take unilateral action . 
  you can think of this action in a negative or positive sense , but let us not deny this is a response to greek government policy . 
  and yes it 's unfair : as said a thousand times already , more eu funds need to allocated to greece to help it deal with the issue . 
  but to use tens of thousands of people that have lost everything as a damn pressure tool is beyond me . 
  no one should give in to that . 
  not everything requires a source , nor could you find one for it i guess . 
  it 's just a feeling many people share , that being that germany is overcompensating for its past . 
  germany wants to show the entire world how damn moral it is , to the detriment of its own people . 
  indeed , an unsourced opinion , but i know a shitload will agree to it . 
  as long as you throw enough money at something , it 'll be possible - provided that it is n't some kind of technological impossibility . 
  the case about the sea border greece shares with turkey has been made a great many times - ad nauseum maybe - yet it does not rule out it is impossible . 
  the thing is that greece has been economically paralyzed as well as politically unable to deal with this difficult topic . 
  from a national problem it has shifted to a ` european ' problem , yet you can ask yourself if that was only out of convenience . 
  the eu should help with financial support and by further funding frontex , but not by letting itself being bullied into accepting the tens of thousands of people that cross greco-turkish sea border . 
  i am amazed that so many people react furious to this move by austria , while the seeds for it have been planted by greece itself , specifically tsipras .
