  it is really , really interesting to see how lukashenko is trying to get out of putin 's sphere of influence lately . 
  i wonder how long it will take until belarus gets into the eu sphere of influence . 
  whatever it is , things seem to be changing . 
  i have to give it to putin and his cronies : they always seem to succeed in finding a weak spot somewhere . 
  that aside i wonder whether this will have some real electoral repercussions . 
  impressive cultural legacy . 
  i would like to visit derinkuyu at some point in my life , just to have witnessed this marvel of human persistence . 
  this happened in the netherlands as well , on multiple occassions . 
  having worked in a supermarket when i was a bit younger , i still wonder what i would have done if i had found a random load of cocaine first - with no one knowing . 
  the right thing would be to hand all of it over to the police at discovery , yet in the end it makes little difference . 
  for each dealer busted and each load of cocaine intercepted , there will be ( a ) replacement in the end . 
  i probably would have sold all of it using some shady connections of some less shady friends of mine . 
  seems like i am morally corrupted about this , but what would other people here do ? 
  did n't britain still rely on a rather victorian system of water management ? 
  i believe this has been a problem before , but i wonder if the current system out can be directly connected to possible scarcity due to inefficiency . 
  only if it is viable economically . 
  but demand is the first step , you are in right at that . 
  that is a talent of sorts , in a negative way . 
  yes , although we have to admit that language is closely connected to national identity . 
  it should be possible in the near future ( let 's say in about 30 years ) to give english the near same status as dutch in this country , but good luck trying to pull that off in france , italy or spain for example . 
  as much as we like to confirm our ideas on this subreddit , the way we think remains rather the exception . 
  not to mention that europe might function perfectly without a common language , even though my germanic side wants to call that rather * inefficient * . 
  a philosopher . 
  interesting . 
  england is not really unique in that regard : we are noticing the same tendency over here . 
  frankly , i am one of those people that fit your description - save the abject and stereotypical hur dur part - although one should be forgiving to people that are new to speaking dutch ( or english in that matter ) . 
  i do n't think that most people in the netherlands that maintain such high standards want to hear * flawless * dutch without any accent , although it should certainly be above the level of a child for example . 
  it is imperative that prospect employees have good language skills and are able to communicate with others efficiently and quickly , something which will benefit all people in society . 
  i have come across quite a few dutch guys and girls from moroccan or turkish decent ( which have lived here their entire lives ) that still make the most horrible mistakes in written and spoken dutch . 
  mistakes that are truly unforgivable and above all handicapping for the people involved . 
  everyone should have equal odds at the labour market and in social circles in general , which is why we indeed * should * aspire to maintain a very high standard . 
  if ` french ' on this scale is somewhere above 10 , then i 'd say we score around 3 . 
  really , our society is neither nationalistic nor patriostic in my eyes . 
  not that i want it to be like that ; i am pretty satisfied with our lack of clear patriotism . 
  the only downside is that it tends to manifest itself in dutch people hating - you guessed it - dutch people above all other people . 
  i understand your ideas , but it all hinges on any given set of parents to be : - completely reasonable people ; and - that both have an excellent understanding of the subject ; especially the first thing , this assumption of parental authority being exercised after much deliberation , kind of goes against my view of the average parent . 
  the average parent is not perfect , nor do many parents think over their choices thoroughly . 
  all of this makes me extremely reluctant to give such ultimate authority to parents . 
   and they can and should be allowed to make wrong choices . 
  to the point of endangering the health of their own children ? 
  i do n't know if you want to go * that * far , but i am clearly against such negligence . 
  parental authority does not morally allow a parent to endanger the health of one of their own children , let alone the health of other people . 
  there is no need to turn freedom of choice into a parody of itself . 
  two different worlds , yet this example does not necessarily have that much value . 
  excellent . 
  i really dislike how these parents hold the people around them hostage by not vaccinating their children . 
  especially the people that believe the nonsense that is being written on anti-vaccination websites should be very much forced to comply . 
  in my experience it was not . 
  our version of the daily mail - the telegraaf - was the only major newspaper crusading for sending soldiers . 
  it always remains my personal impression , but most people here were against . 
  i even read an article about a victim 's family members that said intervention would only increase this misery . 
  also , the military was against intervention . 
  it is not part of our tradition to roll into war without thinking the thing over properly . 
  next to this , politicians want to preserve the hague 's status as one of the capitals of international law . 
  joining a doubtworthy war on a doubtworthy mandate does not help in that regard . 
  the deterrant in this case would have been the threat of nato retaliation . 
  but if you were thinking of full fledged intervention with tanks ( yea ... i know ) , heavy artillery , etc : that would have likely been impossible , as such troop movements would have been noticed way in advance . 
  at best , a small rapid response brigade could have secured the area and deterred any separatist/russian meat trying to get entry to the crash site . 
  obviously , but to be honest i do not have a full scale war in mind . 
  granted : any armed conflict is likely to escalate quickly , but any military intervention by the netherlands would have likely been limited to the crash site and the direct surroundings . 
  we still have enough specialised units in the armed forces that could have taken care of that . 
  the netherlands could claim international jurisdiction in this case , but prescriptive jurisdiction is of little help without the help of the territorial juridiction of the sovereign state that hides the perpetrators . 
  that being : if the perpetrators are still alive , as i consider it likely that the people responsible have been executed . 
  the icc might be tricky , as it takes into consideration the ` scale ' of the crime . 
  despite the fact that 200 of our own were slaughtered ( and another 100 from a multitude of countries , including australia ) , that figure might not be high enough in the end . 
  i concur , although we do have a semi-capable army left . 
  and a war would surely out of necessity increase the defense budget overnight , as it would shather the views of even the most naive pacifist . 
  out of all parties , i even expect rather pacifist parties like groenlinks , the sp and the pvda to support an increased budget for the military in such a case . 
  not without having investigated the thing first . 
  military intervention came to mind for me as well , but it would have needlessly escalated the entire thing . 
  i see little point in a type of punitive expedition without a clear goal , not to mention that it will bring back more of our people in bodybags for arguably litte gain . 
  i am certainly not excluding the military option , but it is the measure of last resort . 
  hasting ourselves into a war would be almost surely counterproductive . 
   freedom can not be sustained without a certain amount of dogmatism . 
  a painful , yet difficult to understand truth for a lot of people . 
  endless relativation will turn democracy and corresponding freedom into a parody of itself . 
   tolerance is not a solution there . 
  what we need is what the germans call a leitkultur , a higher leading culture that regulates the way in which the subcultures interact . 
  multiculturalism , with its mutual respect for the sensitivities of the others , no longer works when it gets to this `` impossible-\u00e0-supporter '' stag he is basically asking for a central place of the ` dominant ' culture in any given country , which is awfully realistic for an idealist . 
  more interesting however is this :  the clash of cultures should not be overcome through a feeling of global humanism , but rather through overall solidarity with those struggling within every culture . 
  i wonder whether his ` clash of cultures ' is a direct reference to huntington . 
  they even spoke german !, 
  maybe i am wrong indeed . 
  really , i wonder where this nonsense comes from . 
  floods of people constantly complaining about alledgedly strong neo-nazi influences on this subreddit , while this has never been much else than a mere rumour . 
  not to mention that otto von bismarck and adolf hitler were two very different , if not completely different persons . 
  for comparison : the annual salary of the pm of singapore is [ $ 1.560.000 ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/singapore-pm-lee-hsien-loong-remains-highest-paid-country-leader-1-7m-annual-salary-1493952 ) . 
  i could go on and suggest a relationship between singapore its success and taking care of the financial situation of prospect leaders , but maybe that is pushing it a little . 
  anyhow , the real leaders out there mostly stay out of politics . 
  we need to draw those people in , if necessary by trippling the salaries of government officials . 
  too easy . 
  to expand on this : they do n't in general . 
  unless unanimity is required ( which is a de facto veto ) , but that is rather rare ( if not extremely rare ) in european politics . 
  i take it that when you say ` every member of the eu has a veto ' you are referring to individual member states their influence in terms of sanctions . 
  about that last part : that might very well be possible ( i ca n't exactly recall whether he crusaded against judging a culture or people from a certain culture ) , although the distinction here might be irrelevant as well . 
  however , since we were talking about ` values ' at some point - including my claim about possible universal values - he must have had culture in general in mind as well . 
  those are arguably points in are favor , but poverty seems to be ever on the rise here . 
  granted , higher unemployment should not necessarily have to lead to more economic instability , but it does have an indirect impact on government expenditure . 
  sometimes i wonder what will bite ukraine more in the future : the political divide or the economic crisis that accompanies it . 
  the latter might be more crippling than an armed conflict .
