  i think eva jinek scuttled roos ( vnl ) his campaign . 
  hurray for eva ? 
  the fact that geenstijl.nl wil not get any influence through geenpeil is an added bonus . 
   denk 3 the fifth column is real . 
  erdogan might have helped the vvd , but he also helped this party . 
  also interesting to see baudet ( forum voor democratie ) got two projected seats , whereas vnl and geenpeil will likely gain none at all . 
  i would n't have predicted this a couple of weeks ago . 
  vvd seems to be winning with a landslide . 
  i think mark rutte owes a thank you to the republic of turkey and its leader !, 
  the entire turkey-netherlands row seems to have had positive impact on the vvd . 
  the pvv on the other hand has lost the struggle , not surprisingly . 
  just one circle on that form will be made red . 
  there are about 28 parties on the ballot , with varying numbers of candidates . 
  some have 40 + candidates , others have much fewer than that . 
  in practice , by far most people will vote for the ` lijsttrekker ' of the party they vote for , that being the person on place 1 of the list and always the public face of party x. 
  their position is comparable to presidential candidates in a way , especially with regard to the larger parties , even though we do n't elect our prime minister directly . 
  the leader of the largest party will ( very ) likely become prime minister though . 
   this `` democracy '' thing is getting out of control !, 
  quick : push for fptp !, 
  that will get it under control . 
  well , you got us there !, 
  where is that by any chance ? 
  i placed my bet over 2 months ago ( vvd , odds 3/1 heh heh ) , and that was on william hill . 
   in a reference to dutch united nations peacekeepers who were on the ground and failed to prevent the mass killing , erdogan said tuesday : `` we know the dutch and the people in holland from the massacre of srebrenica . 
  we know them , how they massacred people in srebrenica full well . 
  we do n't need anyone to give us a lesson on civilization . '', 
  i think this is as clear as rain . 
  similar translation in the guardian :  we know the netherlands and the dutch from the srebrenica massacre . 
  we know how rotten their character is from their massacre of 8,000 bosnians there . '' just about every dutch citizen that is familiar with the subject feels ( intense ) shame about what happened there . 
  but we did not kill the people we were tasked to protect : mladic and his men did that . 
  if we are guilty to anything there it is severe negligence . 
  that is a world apart from being hateful butchers . 
  thanks for your reply : this gives an important other perspective on the matter !, 
  it also feels as if he just walked over the dead bodies of thousands of innocent civilians just to make a political point . 
  disgusting that such people can call themselves leaders today : i regret the turkish fighter pilots that were behind his plane on that eventful night last year did n't get the confirmation they needed to shoot him down . 
  it really would 've been better for everyone . 
  the man keeps outdoing himself . 
  what 's next : ratko mladic was on our paylist ? 
  did we start the yugoslav wars as well ? 
  was the armenian genocide masterminded by the dutch ? 
  let us not waste our time giving this clown further attention . 
  he 'll get what is coming to him , one way or another . 
  history is not kind to his kind of leader , that much is certain . 
  finally an accurate article about what 's going on here !, 
  i too have really been bothered about how foreign media just do n't seem to be able to grasp the essence of the present elections , as most articles seem to be rather focussed on wilders or anti-immigration sentiment - while ignoring the broader picture . 
  the campaign so far is also notoriously boring , as vossen put it :  `` everyone is waiting for the fireworks , '' said koen vossen , a political scientist at radboud university nijmegen . 
  `` they 're all playing defensively . 
  it 's like a football match where it 's nil-nil . '' that 's just what it is : a boring match in which all players try to consolidate as much ground as possible . 
  trench warfare really . 
  we categorically deny everything . 
  erdogan is ** not ** unto us : his wild ` theories ' can not be proven !, 
  depends on what they 'll get in return : if the pvda for example can realise 50 to 60 percent of its program the temptation may be too strong to resist . 
  it is wait and see though !, 
  the pvda might very well want to cling unto power again , using the same guise as the previous time : ` taking responsibility ' . 
  also : if the pvda refuses and the cda refuses a left wing coalition , the only other logical option would be some kind of coalition over the right side of the political spectrum ( involving the pvv ) . 
  cda wo n't do that as well . 
  cda and pvda will decide how the netherlands will look like politically after the 15th . 
  both play a crucial role , yet i consider it more likely that pvda compromises to become part of such a coalition compared to cda with respect to a left wing coalition . 
  well you do n't even need to give us back our bikes . 
  mutti could 've taken the same decision and revoke the landing rights of the turkish government plane . 
  but that did n't happen so it seems . 
  it 's controversial , but i would 've prefered germany backed us up with similar measures . 
  no one was stopped at the border . 
  i do n't think it is explicitly forbidden under international law ( including the vienna conventions ) to more or less prevent a person that enjoys diplomatic protection from reaching location x. 
  it gets tricky when you start to arrest or prosecute that person : in that case there 's absolute immunity . 
  also , it is n't only rutte : not a single party so far has condemned this response . 
  quite a few parties on the left have shown to be clearly in favor of this action : i could link you their responses if you want . 
  yes . 
  there are checks around the consulate : all cars are required to stop , probably for identity checks . 
  this is getting ridiculous , but no country obviously wants to give in at this point . 
  as turkey is behaving as an aggressor , i have little difficulty with these measures . 
  indeed : create an enemy ( preferably foreign ) to unite the people . 
  disgusting practices . 
  he 's drunk off power . 
  as the old saying goes : power corrupts , and erdogan seems to get corrupted more with each passing year . 
  last year 's event just accelerated an already ongoing process . 
  turkey has really become a perfect example of how one should not conduct diplomacy . 
  just about every unwritten rule about how to do it has been violated by the turkish state over the past few years . 
  the netherlands are turkey 's latest victim in this spree of irrational behavior . 
  let us not turn around the matter : turkey has ceased to be an ally ( if not a long time ago ) and might as well be considered to be hostile to this nation and europe , if not an enemy . 
  the worst part of it all is that he 'll get support domestically for this kind of irresponsible behavior , while the man is clearly drunk off power . 
  he reminds me why term limits are so important . 
  well you heard it here : [ we are fascists according to erdogan ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2162499-erdogan-nederland-is-fascistisch-en-nazistisch.html ) . 
  oh , and also nazi 's , so says the authoritarian that is in power in turkey nowadays . 
  for counteracting against a seemingly hostile act of interference into the internal affairs of another nation . 
  turkey has long stopped being an ally to our country , but at this point we might as well consider it to be hostile towards us , if not an enemy . 
  i can vaguely remember spain and greece were given leave on fulfilling their obligations for a fixed period of time . 
  is that correct ? 
  it was surprising though : i 'd expect sweden to be more egalitarian than the netherlands in terms division of wealth . 
  those that possess most of the wealth : in what sectors do they mostly operate ? 
  can you draw me a rough picture ? 
   they play only on one team , one sidedly , all the time against poland . 
  and what i must say - these things are just nothing compared to how usa deal with non-objective media . 
  first : how do they play as one team ? 
  this requires coordination and reeks of a conspiracy theory . 
  second : when are media ` non-objective ' in your view ? 
  because i 'm already 95 % sure that whatever you call ` non-objective ' , or when you see a conspiracy by a german media company , you are just getting annoyed that a narrative * different than your own * is being pushed . 
  ask yourself the real questions : is what is being broadcast real , or fake ? 
  can it be backed up by facts ? 
  also : the media are critical to making sure the government is held accountable ( parliament ca n't do that alone ) , so you best pedal back in this regard .
