oh no , ukip will rise anyways . 
  i just believe that the other method is * less * damaging to cameron his already battered image . 
  people will find out what happened here , and will look upon their government as liars . 
  that is what will happen in a few days time . 
  well , at least it wo n't create the scenario you are describing here . 
  basically , i am only proposing to amend passive suffrage . 
  that - is - it . 
  if you really believe that sweps aside every constitutional safeguard out there , in countries ** with rich democratic traditions ** then quite frankly i must say that you just skipped the most important parts of what i have been trying to explain . 
  we do n't have to agree , but really : do n't create an image of something that i do n't support , nor something that will likely become a reality . 
  the weimar republic transitioned into the third reich as well , so do n't get me even started about the presumed infallibility of democracy as we know it . 
  as if this does n't drive up support for ukip in the polls . 
  i dare to say that this course of action is potentially more harmful than getting out there and saying ` mea culpa , we were wrong ' . 
  this strenghtens the faulty image of the eu being some kind of bureaucratic aggressor , as the uk government seems to be afraid to tell the truth . 
  moreover , i would even consider it to be a true sign of sovereignty to say that britain , out of its own free will and after reviewing the rules again , will pay the required sum . 
  add something like pacta sunt servanda , and be done with it . 
  the average joe understands that agreements have to be kept . 
  i do have to admit that the british government badly played this again . 
  the best solution here would 've been admitting that ` the british government was wrong ' . 
  cameron should have shown some guts , get out there and should have said : ` sorry , but i was wrong . 
  i should not have made a promise i could not reasonably have been able to keep ' . 
  he would be mocked from all sides , but he would have been * honest * . 
  what we are seeing now is that the british public is being looked at as * complete and utter fools * , given how much of a lame excuse this actually is . 
  apparantly the assumption is that the average joe can not read or put one and one together and therefore ` the other half ' will go unnoticed . 
  of course , it was foolish to think that people would n't notice it , as was it kind of stupid to assume that there would n't be any debate about it in the netherlands . 
  because there is by now . 
  quick reminder : we are obliged to pay half a billion quid as well , but without a ` discount ' . 
  apparantly the media here have n't really found out yet , but by tomorrow they will clarify to the dutch public that the uk did n't get a special treatment . 
  according to cameron , such news will hit a magical barrier over the north sea when it tries to spread to the uk . 
  he again made the wrong decision , at least that is what it seems like . 
  i find it really wrong to compare a one party , dictatorial system with a meritocratic multi party system . 
  the comparison is just wrong by default and quite honestly i do n't like it . 
  it 's a wrongful characterisation of what i am proposing . 
   the power of the judiciary is irrelevant when the legislative can change the rules at will . 
  i 'll finish this just with a oneliner : tell that to the us supreme court . 
  for god sake , it is not that difficult ; think ahead . 
  whenever a certain law is in conflict with the constitution , it will be considered unbinding . 
  that is the case in the american system ( as well as the scandinavian system ) , and it would be the same in mine . 
  to make sure that absolutely nothing can happen is to make the right of judges to review laws unalterable under the constitution . 
  for example , add the following clause : * section 2 : the first section can not be changed by using the ordinary legislative procedure of constitutional review . 
  change will only take place if supported by 80 % of the population in open and fair elections . 
  out of curiosity , why ? 
  because contrary to the situation a few weeks back , it is clear that the amount of money we are talking about turned out to be lawfully due to the eu . 
  i know that there was a lot of upheaval in the media , but in the end every finance minister in the eu looked at it and the rules turned out to be clear . 
  better not waste your vote on some opportunists , no matter how charismatic farage might be . 
  a vote for ukip , is a vote for the tabloids . 
  `` we managed to get a 50 % discount on the bill , all hail britannia ! '', 
  ^ only ^ we 'll ^ pay ^ our ^ ^ discount ^ ^ back ^ ^ ^ next ^ ^ ^ year . 
  creating that sixth republic some of you guys are talking about maybe . 
  halved by whom exactly ? 
  that is the question at hand here . 
  unilateral halving , as a ` compromise ' ( read the irony in making a compromise without the consent of the other party ) will make cameron save face . 
  but if i read it correctly , the uk still pays the entire sum , right ? 
  there will always be a ruling class , no matter how you try to change it . 
  every society gots its own ruling elite and that is something democracy can not combat . 
  step 2 is not something that is likely to happen , as people will still have the power to vote such people out of office . 
  there will still be political parties in my model and therefore it is likely that something like that would be corrected by the people . 
  also , the judiciary should have the power to curtail any unnecessary legislation on that point , as it would otherwise lead to favoritism and nepotism . 
  if you would have read some of my other responses , you will notice that i am staunch advocate of drastically strenghtening the power of the judiciary in such a model . 
  the judiciary will be a powerful safeguard against such practices . 
  practices that are , if you ask me , highly unlikely to even happen with responsible people at the helm . 
  problem is that cameron got trapped in his own web of promises . 
  he explicitly told everyone that the uk would not pay , while the matter was not even resolved yet . 
  in contrast , next to complaining the dutch government did not make such promises beforehand . 
  what is more damaging : going with the eu its demands and appearing weak in the eyes of the public or making a promise to which you ca n't live up in the long run ? 
  i 'd pick the latter , and therefore cameron took the wrong decision in my eyes . 
  which brings me to the following : could hollande be impeached when he loses the trust of his own party ? 
  i believe that the answer is no , but i would appreciate it if someone could clear this up . 
   unfair , no , but what is the definition of ` unable to lead ' i 'll use this quote in relation with your other responses dealing with about the same subject . 
  you are getting to the core problem of meritocracy , which is defining whenever someone is fit to rule . 
  i am not from opinion that it is up to me to solve that problem and more specifically there has been a lot of discussion about this feature of meritocracy in the past . 
  the only thing i want to make clear is that it is n't impossible . 
  surely , requirements and the systems revolving around it will necessarily have to grow with time , and a perfect system can not be implemented immediatly . 
  a few ideas would be , though my thoughts are not final on this : - the first dimension would be selecting people on the basis of career advancement . 
  that includes having held powerful positions in the academic world or in business in general . 
  this is not extremely difficult to define , as it is likely that leaders in such fields that are responsible for thousands of people ( for example ceo 's that have shown to be adequate in leading ) or people held in high esteem ( certain university professors for example ) will possess some of the skills required . 
  this will result in a shortlist of people suited for such a job . 
  - the second dimension of measuring whether someone is competent or not is a complex system of expert panels do designate whether someone is suitable to lead or not . 
  also here , it is not extremely difficult to find the required committee members : depending on the field a certain member of government for example is to preside over , experts can be selected from the academic circles which are connected to the field of the person that is being tested . 
  - the third dimension would be abstract , for example a mixed panel that is to test decisiveness and flexibility . 
  also , overal personality should be taken into account . 
  before you immediatly start killing my not so illustrous three dimension model i just thought off in like 5 minutes : this is just something i came up with , and i can not guarantee it will work . 
  above all , the three dimensions should be applied together in other to select the right people for any given job , if they would be applied . 
  what i find more important , is that i managed to came up with something that * might distantly * work , but i am very sure that we could come up with something that works perfectly if given the right amount of time to implement it . 
  it is not impossible , but it requires problem solving on a higher level . 
  lastly , i believe there is no obligation to immediatly create such a system as it could also be brought into existence by defining it layer by layer . 
  a first change for example could be introducing some serious hearings ( as the us senate does for example ) by experts . 
  the judiciary could be strengthened by granting additional inquisitorial powers to judges , as well as drastically highering the punishments associated with political misconduct . 
  think of extremely high prison sentences for nepotism and corruption , in order to safeguard the system and to deter any possible breaches of the law . 
  every line between the judiciary and the executive should be completely cut ( if in existence ) , save some necessary organs discussing budgettary matters for example although that might be not necessary as well . 
  also , each and every judge should have the power to review laws under the constitution , and declare them void if people 's rights are being infringed . 
   the roman republic which became an empire with an emperor . 
  indeed , but that 's why i told you that it should not be the same . 
  it does however look like the roman republic in the sense that power was concentrated in fewer hands , contrary to modern day democracy . 
  although i will add that established parties wield considerable influence in present day democracies , to such an extent that one could say that most modern democracies are particracies . 
  also , with respect to the roman republic i can reasonably state that plutocracy did n't kill it : caesar , pompey and marc anthony did that , by being able to combine the command of many legions with political power . 
  the marian reforms layed the basis for the roman empire . 
  it 's about the 10 years it took . 
  also : a prime minister with knowledge of laws would be desirable , given how he is part of the executive branch . 
  but indeed , there are much worse examples than history . 
  i personally enjoy diving into history from time to time , and i counted it among my favorite subjects still back in high school ( by now , quite a few years ago ) .
