  i ca n't figure out which side they 're on . 
  probably a splinter group instead of a significant faction in the military . 
  honestly : i 'm a bit disappointed . 
  it is . 
  seeing where turkey was headed , this might be the best thjng to happen given the state of turkey under erdogan . 
  france needs rational , clear headed leadership . 
  in practice that excludes any type of populist leader , no matter how bad career politicians might be . 
  career politicians are in that sense still preferable to false prophets as le pen , wilders , etc. 
  well he ca n't make more victims . 
  a trial will not happen though , so that 's always a bummer . 
  i 'd rather see people that do this kind of shit locked up for life , so that they can suffer . 
  more important : how twisted must your mind be in order to see this as justified ? 
  somewhere out there in the world , there will be people masturbating to this ` great attack ' on us infidels . 
  it 's always sad to see what people are capable off when ( dark ) fantasy takes hold of them . 
  exactly . 
  my sentiments exactly . 
  this man is certainly no diplomat , but rather a brute that can never gain the favor of other nations . 
  the uk has embarassed itself with naming him minister of foreign affairs . 
  edit : seems like i missed your splendid joke . 
  whooshing myself right now . 
  same here in the netherlands : there 's been talk about ( further ) electronic measures to ensure a tragedy like this can not happen . 
  we 've had a few minor collisions over the past few years because the system is n't watertight : human error can still cause these things . 
  i believe that 's implied when both end up on the same piece of track . 
  but what are the media in italy saying so far about the cause ? 
  what a mess ... 
  sad that so many people had to die . 
  next comes the question how two trains can end up on the same piece of track ? 
  it might be premature to speculate , but is there any other way for this happen besides the traffic controller accidentally steering two trains on the same track ? 
  a mechanical failure does n't seem extremely like ( i.e. , a railroad switch failing ) , but maybe that 's too easily said by me here . 
  you 're right . 
  in that sense the outcome of the brexit referendum and all those overconfident bigots outing themselves was a good thing actually . 
  it 's easier to completely crush a problem that 's out in the open . 
  operation perfidious albion . 
   your disdain for the `` plebes '' is quite palpable . 
  they 're just too stupid to decide for themselves , so they need a class of educated people to govern for them , right ? 
  you could rather call it a kind of protective love compared to disdain . 
  i do n't want the position of the average joe to worsen because he/she is forcefully confronted with an impossible to answer question . 
  maybe you should actually respond to some of the main arguments against referendums ( outlined in the comment section ) instead of going ad hominem ? 
  my intentions are good in the end , even though the people that voted in favor of a brexit will mostly not understand that . 
  they see it as taking away their vote , while i actually aim at taking away a burden that should not be theirs to carry . 
  there 's no point in letting the people flip a coin about a random subject they can not in large majority fully understand . 
   aristocracy ? 
  that has a certain ring to it , does n't it . 
  i 'm more in favor of meritocracy . 
  i 'd rather be ruled by doctors , lawyers and professors instead of being ruled by opportunists that only have superficial knowledge about their respective fields . 
  talking about offences , the daily mail comes awfully close to what we call ` slander ' on a regular basis . 
  someone needs to drag that rag and comparable papers to the courts each and everytime they spread a lie , to make sure this trend ends . 
  really , i still can not understand how a well educated chap of the likes of you constantly comes out of the woodworks to defend such outlets . 
  it 's odd and moreover got nothing to do with freedom of press : freedom of press does not give one a free pass to spread lies , nor should we encourage it . 
  is it so difficult to see this is counterproductive in the long run ? 
  not surprised about which papers seem to be almost exclusively featured : - daily mail - daily telegraph - the sun, 
  that 's something that came to mind here as well !, 
  the traditional two-party structure of the uk keeps on crumbling with each passing day , with the only thing holding it together being the fptp voting system . 
  if proportional representation would for some unknown reason be implemented the old political system will likely die at the next elections . 
  but the alternative is a possible breakup of the uk . 
  what 's better ? 
  i 'm glad that question is not mine to answer . 
  thank you !, 
  i hope reason will return to the uk , as well as modesty to those that believed they could even hope to understand the eu and other complicated topics that goes beyond their own level . 
  the postponement of triggering article 50 makes me think the uk will carefully assess its options , including ignoring the outcome of the referendum in all but outside appearances . 
  at this point , i imagine the uk government will most likely opt for the uk to become part of the eea or just call off britain 's scheduled departure . 
  campaigning might as well be banned in its current form yes : i 'd rather see that all major parties on the list get their party programs sent to the electorate by mail ( facilitated by the government ) instead of them engaging in sensationalism . 
  there 's nothing wrong with debating , yet there 's a lot wrong with telling downright lies or diverting attention from the subject at hand . 
  infamous example out of your own country : `` who are they to tell us we can not have bananas with abnormal curvatures !! '' . 
  i am indeed in favour of the eu , even though that is of zero importance when you want to judge my position ( to be frank , it 's curious you brought that up ) . 
  my understanding of that organisation goes beyond that of 80-90 % of the population out of my own knowledge , but even then i have far from sufficient knowledge to judge whether it is a reasonable thing for e.g. 
  the netherlands to leave the eu . 
  that 's the harsh truth of the matter : the british people were n't capable of voting yes/no correctly , nor should my people or any other people in the world be confronted with such difficult questions . 
  this entire referendum was a mistake , and in a more meta sense : it 's wrong to ask people specific questions that by far transcend what they on average know . 
  referendums should stay limited to simple questions that fall within the realm of knowledge of the average man , and i have no difficulty at all underlining that once again . 
  normally a politician campaigns , get elected ( or not ) and then proceeds to make whatever he campaigned for reality . 
  that 's part of taking responsibility for your actions - and this includes possible failure . 
  politics does not stop after the awful phenomenon of campaigning ( something that , in my view , should be utterly forbidden as it often comes down to deceiving people with false promises ) . 
  the real battle only commences * after * the elections and that 's the true test . 
  it 's where ideology needs to be married with pragmaticism as well as the place where ideology often loses . 
  johnson and farage have more or less excused themselves from that test as it seems so far , making them nothing but demagogues in my eyes . 
  i wonder where their priorities lie to start out with . 
  it 's not like ' a good deal ' for britain is certain . 
  moreover : it 's far from certain and even unlikely , yet the opposite was promised by the brexit camp . 
  to completely decouple politics from accountability is a very dangerous move and should not become the new standard . 
  again : this is completely besides the point . 
  the main argument here is that people should ** see it through , to the end ** . 
  why does n't this message reach so many of you guys across the channel ? 
  forgive me for being blunt , but it seems to be too obvious to miss . 
  yeah , it 's certainly one of the buzzwords of the past few years . 
  the ` elites ' are also highly illusive , as if they 're just made up . 
  wait what ? 
  they 're really made up as a coping mechanism against the present day world ? 
  that explains . 
  the people can not make it possible : elected politicians do in the case of the uk . 
  therefore cameron was instrumental in the referendum taking place , with or without support of the general population . 
   brexit leaders are not in the government . 
  we just had a referendum not an election . 
  farrage , for example , has one mp in parliament . 
  why do i see this thing returning all over reddit - each damn day ? 
  first off : it 's completely obvious to anyone . 
  secondly : in order to be influential in the upcoming negotiations , membership of parliament is certainly not a requirement . 
  farage for example could 've steared the uk in a certain direction by scrutinizing the entire negotiation process ( if need be from a distance ) , yet he chooses not to do so . 
  it 's not as if the position that farage as well as johnson should stay involved is unreasonable . 
  after elections , politicians also see through that their party program is ( at least partially ) implemented and take all the heat for it .
