  the conflict rule you are talking about therefore will * never apply under the current treaty , because there are no provisions for the type of policy that you are describing * . 
  there you go . 
  well , the fact of the matter is that it is not binding in any way . 
  we have our citizens iniative over here in the netherlands , and the few topics that did make it to agenda of the second chamber were quickly discarded most of time . 
  a citizen 's iniative is nowhere close to a referendum , and it merely upgrades 1 million citizens to the status of temporary adviser . 
  you should have listened to reilly616 , as he is clearly explaining how it works . 
  i do n't want to be rude , but by being so stubborn you have clearly shown to misunderstand affairs on the european level . 
  especially this comment :  as if that 's material to anything . 
  harmonising the cannabis legislation takes away the member state 's choice , not harmonising preserves the member state 's choice . 
  the entire eu , save some exceptions which clearly do not apply here ( the one about implied powers for example ) , works around the principle of conferral . 
  simply put : if it 's not in the treaties , the signing parties clearly did not want it there and therefore the eu has got no say in the matter . 
  there can be no case of irrelevant legalities , as the legality of the matter is just key in the entire eu-proces . 
  go ahead and look up articles 4 and 5 ( section 1 ) teu , as well as article 4 tfeu . 
  you should also take a really close look to article 82 tfeu , as that one is telling about the political considerations going on here . 
  russia does not have so many invasion options left at this point . 
  russia could send soldiers into ukraine again ( as we 've seen some weeks back ) , but it will do that regardless whenever things wo n't go their way . 
  but really now , touching the baltics is just a no go because of nato its presence . 
  russia got little leverage save making threats ; at least , that is my interpretation of the situation . 
  or maybe that russian army in transnistria will start moving ... 
  what the fuck netherlands ? 
  i really believed that the dutch would be more activistic in such matters . 
  i 'll sign it , but with one month to spare for something that can be easily discarded from the agenda i wo n't really get my hopes up . 
  i 'd say there is , even if arbitrary . 
  one could rationally judge the achievements and failures of ones own group ( that is in this situation ; the people that live within the same boundaries ) and make an own assessment . 
  things however go wrong when people start assuming that simply * because you belong * to a certain , exclusive group means that you are * better * than people that do n't belong to that group . 
  that last thing - in my view - is present day nationalism and that should be discouraged . 
  national pride however is nothing but self-esteem in my eyes . 
  and that you hear from someone that clearly dislikes , if not hates , nationalism . 
  edit : corrected a typo, 
  sweden is taking the correct course of action . 
  de-escalation should be the number one priority in most cases , but if a foreign submarine has actually crossed into swedish territorial waters then a response should be allowed no matter the consequences . 
  if it happens to be a non-allied sub , then the country in question has committed a clearly hostile act which prompts sweden ( and any country in that regard ) to send a clear signal . 
  i 'm not proposing to scuttle that sub , but force should be an option if that is necessary to bring it to the surface . 
  which makes me think of the [ following ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2014/04/23/world/europe/russian-bombers-intercepted/ ) . 
  this type of provocation happens here multiple times a year ( other european countries are the victim of this too ) . 
  it frustrates me that politicians apparantly are too weak to authorize something as simple as warning shots for russian bombers that * trespass * into * our * airspace . 
  why should a sovereign nation have to allow such foreign presence within its own borders ? 
  just curious if this is sarcasm or not . 
  i dislike nationalism ( as nationalism is in itself rather irrational ) , but there is nothing wrong with national pride . 
  were you referring to national pride or nationalism ? 
  easy mr. 
  proud , do n't step on the open nerve called anglo-american relationships . 
  exactly . 
  i really could n't appreciate the slight upheavel during the 2006 world cup . 
  all those people complaining about the fact that the germans were finally courageous enough to show the world that they are proud on their country . 
  and indeed , that was the response . 
   obviously , once the uk leaves the eu , the uk and reu will negotiate a new relationship . 
  that new relationship will contain advantages and disadvantages for both sides . 
  personally i think a new relationship would be vastly to the uk 's advantage . 
  you really should not take that for granted . 
  there is nothing ` obvious ' about such a new relationship . 
  there have been multiple signs that brussels is not going to grant some kind of ` eu-light ' status . 
   yes , this is because most brits absolutely do not want a federal europe . 
  i have some trouble with this . 
  first of all , although the ` brexit-camp ' seemed to form a majority , the largest poll to date yielded a 50/50 image about what britons want with the eu . 
  also , i would not really trust polls since they tend to be superficial , emotional snapshots . 
  once people actually get out there to vote they often think it over more thoroughly . 
  second , once again you talk about a federal europe as if it is going to happen tomorrow . 
  that is not the case : multiple european countries oppose such plans for now , the netherlands being one of them . 
  the trend will remain , but it has grinded to a halt for now . 
  as a matter of fact : the eu is getting back to its core business and there are enough signs that the federal agenda will be put in the fridge for the coming few years . 
   do you think the eu will be stronger after a brexit ? 
  many eu politicians have said the opposite . 
  maybe i was n't clear here : i meant that in the end the eu will probably turn out to be the safer option anyways . 
  governments do n't like to gamble with economic prospects , and everything that gets close to the word ` uneasy ' is a no-go for the average voter . 
  to get back at what i said earlier : as soon as people are actually voting they will think it over again , and almost always does ` security ' win vs ` adventure ' . 
  not to say that a brexit would be unbeneficial per se , but there are a lot of risks involved . 
  i even compare the brexit to the neo-nationalistic movements in europe that want to reintroduce some of the old national currencies . 
  it is the same kind of defense mechanism . 
  nostalgia really , only in the case of britain there 's the media that really succeeds well in playing the populace . 
   ultimately it is not really for cameron to decide of course it is not , but if cameron has to conclude that a brexit will be disadventegous for britain he will be forced to crusade against it . 
  hence that i said that he should grow a spine , because at some point he has to confront his voters and take a stance . 
  that will be the only option during the negotiation . 
  either britain takes it all ( and stays member ) or gets out and forfeits all priveledges that result from being part of the eu . 
  something that is being ignored a bit , despite the vast sums of money that britain throws into brussels ' moneypit . 
  it is likely that the british economy will be significantly affected , and one could ask if a brexit would really be worth it in that case . 
  but a brexit would make negotiating a whole lot easier , as it indeed seems to be cameron that is the ` odd ' one among all the government leaders each and every time . 
  a federation is something that however will not happen for at least another 30 years if there are no accelerating factors of and even by 2044 i doubt if there is a majority for such a union . 
  britain in that regard is not alone . 
  in each case , there will only be two options on the table : either the status quo gets maintained , or britain leaves . 
  i wonder which one will prevail , although i guess that the eu its bid will be stronger in the end anyways . 
  that of course sucks for cameron , as that would require him to grow a spine . 
  if they can return home that easily , let alone stay . 
  the free movement of persons is provided for by the treaties . 
  if those go down the drain during the ` renegotiation ' ( or however fancy they like to call capitulating to a raging mob nowadays ) then britons all over europe will be confronted with shitloads of new bureaucracy . 
  all of them , or just a few ? 
  and does referring to a certain geographic location make you british by default ? 
  not much can be concluded from such a nom de guerre . 
  the problem lies mainly in the policy itself . 
  as you correctly stated : rules are too lax . 
  people that actually have not enough perspective on a stable future , or people that do n't bring in any valuable skills , should be refused entry . 
  that 's one part , but for me the major obstacle remains that damned european policy of ` integration ' . 
  if something has extremely failed over the past 30 years then it is this . 
  integration policy has created multiple parallel societies within many european countries . 
  we should have taken the american approach and should have applied assimiliation strategies to make sure that people actually identify themselves with their country of residence . 
  the dominant culture and its values should be made completely clear , as well as what is not considered normal in our respective societies . 
  if we would 've done that 30 years ago already , there would be much fewer problems nowadays . 
  integration alone is self defeating , as it in practice * encourages people to isolate themselves * . 
  dogma and doctrine are simply a line in the sand . 
  since anyone who believes in god got in essence a personal relationship with his religion and himself , the interpretation issue will always keep surfacing .
