  even some of the greatest democratic leaders ( let 's take churchill for example ) have admitted that democracy is far from perfect . 
   the whole legitimacy of the state rests in popular sovereignty . 
  democratic legitimacy , that has indeed been the leading school of thought when it comes down to defending how the state can be allowed to exist . 
  you 're talking semantics however , when it comes down to ` the people ' . 
  the same people you talk about do n't all vote for the same parties , and moreover : quite a few of them do n't even vote because they are demoralized about the current system . 
  what the average voters want - and i am just completely fair here - is not relevant when they do n't know what is good for them . 
  wait !, 
  i can already hear you thinking about how you are going to counter this , but reach out deep into your mind and tell me if that is * not true * . 
  do you really believe that the average person , the average voter that is , understands politics ? 
  do you really want to believe that the average guy should be able to have a say in everything ? 
  however , that is just my observation about democracy in general . 
  when it comes down to a meritocracy - or more precisely a democracy with meritocratic charecteristics - i do not want to limit universal suffrage . 
  i know that something like that is probably impossible , nor completely desirable , and therefore the list of people being fit to run for office should simply be limited . 
  everyone should basically still be able to become an mp or a member of government , ** if ** and only if you have proven yourself . 
   if you can , you should spend some time among your alleged saviours . 
  that 's no problem : it wo n't surprise you when i say that i spend a lot of time among the people you characterise as ` my saviors ' . 
  i will immediatly emphasize that my network of friends and acquaintances spans almost all layers all society , but i do know which people tend to have more of a mind when it comes down to understanding more complex matters . 
  i have spoken with hundreds of people by now that really have not the * slightest clue * about what they are voting for each and every time , yet they still allow to get lured to the ballot box . 
  you seem to confuse meritocracy with simply ` having the right credentials ' , and equate that to holding a certain degree . 
  that is not enough : people must have proven to be perfectly capable of directing others , otherwise there would be no point at all . 
  did or does that stop the greens or podemos or syriza or ukip will they stay in the long run ? 
  have they really had a tremendous influence on government policy , or can they still be considered marginal ? 
  and even if that is the case , how long will it take until they themselves become established parties ? 
  the entire particracy systems we know nowadays , the same system that makes cdu/csu so powerful in germany for example , makes people apathetic . 
  how can there be a participative democracy if people simply do not care anymore , as they reason in ever growing numbers that ` it does not matter ' who you vote for ? 
  it simply is worrying and you can not deny that incompetent leadership has brought down many european countries over the past few years . 
   if you want to preserve the west , you ca n't do it by abolishing two of its most defining values , equality and democracy . 
  i literally have * nothing * against equality . 
  to say that all man are equal by default would be a lie in some cases however , as not all have the same level of intelligence or are able to comprehend the most difficult of problems . 
  equality ? 
  sure , when it comes down to human rights , public benefits and having the right to vote . 
  your assumption that everyone should be able to stand for office however is one i do not share . 
  but mark my words : there will be a time in the future of europe , somewhere 10 to 40 years from now , when this issue will break us up . 
  a decision will have to be made at some point , if we are not too divided to even degree on something by then that is . 
  not blind faith ; there have to checks and balances of course , but contrary to what some zealots of unlimited democracy propose a meritocratic system is possible . 
  sure , it will lead to concentration of power in the hands of fewer people , but it is not like that is not the case now . 
  i will just be plain then , as you seem to steer it in a certain direction : i rather be ruled by some elitist professors and other academic scholars that literally look down on the populace but get their shit together , instead of having to live under the consequences of other incompetent policy makers . 
  if you really believe that everything is possible in our present day democratic systems , then you are dead wrong . 
  established parties do n't like competition and will do whatever it takes to defame newcomers . 
  also , take a good look at how many democracies out there are being ruled by the same small clique of parties ( shall we call it tyranny ? ), 
  for over 60-70 years already . 
  democracy is failing , and it will the west its downfall in the long run . 
  history is not kind towards weak systems of governance and that worries me much more . 
  maybe . 
  what worries me most is that what happened here was apparantly not serious enough to get the attention of the icc . 
  in short : more people should have died in order for the court to even take the time to look at it . 
  of course , the prosecutor was in a legal bind , but still one could ask the question if the icc should limit itself like this . 
  this . 
  just this . 
  i ca n't get my head around it , and it really annoyes me that so few people think the same . 
  some time ago i heard some journalists talking on the radio about how being a politician is some kind of job nowadays for which you can study . 
  they said this in relation to this austrian [ minister ] ( http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&amp;d=20131217&amp;t=2&amp;i=821112495&amp;w=580&amp;fh=&amp;fw=&amp;ll=&amp;pl=&amp;r=cbre9bg1ebl00 ) . 
  this guy is 28 . 
  what - the - hell - does - he - know ? 
  what special experience does he have , next to having the innate skill of creating a smoke screen whenever his knowledge is lacking ? 
  a meritocratic system should be in place , with at least 51 % of all members of parliament ( and preferably even 100 % ) needing to have distinguished themselves in society . 
  i rather see a parliament full of doctors , professors , lawyers , judges ( ex-judges that is ) than the current system we see everywhere nowadays . 
  the same goes for members of government : there should be serious prerequisites for being able to lead a department of goverment . 
  moreover , why do n't we have a decent argument about this for once : does nationality equate race ? 
  i really consider that an example of bad reasoning , as that in practice would quickly mean that something as simple as speaking another language would make you belong to another race . 
  the simple fact that we all share about the same genetics for me makes reasoning in things like ` race ' a thing of the past . 
  let 's just call it discrimination , and stop using different words that are vague by nature . 
  to be honest , this is a problem we see across democracies all over the world : incompetent people tend to occupy leadership positions . 
  i have already noticed this a long time ago , and it is partially responsible for my resentment towards democracy in general . 
  i would n't dare to propose that we should abolish democracy at of 2014 , but it should certainly be improved with more meritocratic features . 
  it is difficult to blame the people , as the people in general just do n't know what is good for them . 
  the dictatorship of the wise will remain a dream for now . 
  well , that sure is some bad pr for south korea , given how people will likely assume this one instance with some society wide type of prejudice . 
   the interesting thing is how many italians have moved to the uk over the last three or so years the link can tell you that much . 
  at least until the year 2013 . 
  i do concur with what you say : italy is facing a serious brain drain that seems to be ever ongoing . 
  this is the fuck-up of the older generation of gerontocrats that have basically demoralized young people so much that it will actually make them turn their back on their own country . 
  i wonder if berlusconi and all the other idiots that have been voted into office there over the past 20-30 years are proud on this . 
  it 's not like it can be streamed ` live ' ( because of the distance ) , and i take it the amount of data that can be sent at any time is limited . 
  the best you 'll get are some vague screenshots , as with the rover curiosity . 
   a source in the state investigative committee told interfax there were no signs of violence on mr devotchenko 's body , and he may have died by striking his head while drunk . 
  * of course * . 
  first he gets murdered , likely be state operatives , and second after he gets defamed posthumously . 
  i believe this is a pattern we have seen before in other instances . 
  some day , someone will pay for these kinds of crimes , no matter how long it must take to get there . 
  i factored that in : parcels will likely be ( indeed ) distributed at central locations , as theendgame below suggests . 
  for example : over here there are postnl ( one of the dutch post services ) pick up points just about everywhere . 
  the local supermarket , the book store , etc. 
  also : parcels themselves ( especially the larger ones ) do n't really fit in mailboxes  . 
  society moves on ; mailboxes will be next somewhere in the coming 10 to 20 years . 
  a succesful landing will be a major boost to europe 's space program . 
  i hope it will succeed . 
  that would be a huge oversimplification of reality . 
  this war is about more than simply president assad . 
  it is a sectarian struggle in which many equally despicable groups participate using many of the same dirty tactics . 
  most importantly : do n't fall for the ` good guys ' , ` bad guys ' nonsense . 
  i believe past wars ( even in recent british history ) remind us not to do give in to such madness . 
  i do concur that the syrian government is the most professional party in this struggle , and thus tends to have * more * ( but surely not all ) responsbility , but that does not mean that assad is to blame for everything . 
  this civil war would likely have started anyways , even if the so called rebels were given a piece of the pie back in 2011 . 
  sure , but do n't forget that both sides murdered tens of thousands of people . 
  there are no ` good ' or ` bad ' guys in the syrian civil war . 
  that were my thoughts at first . 
  let 's give them chance , and see what will become of it . 
  question is whether the deposition of a genocidal maniac that created some kind of stability weighs up against the loss of human life in the aftermath of his deposition . 
  not to mention who might come in the place of khadafi in the end .
