  my nation has a long history with american arms manufacturers and thus we 've chosen to buy the f35 . 
  i wo n't doubt that the f35 is by far superior to the rafale or the gripen , but you could ask yourself whether such an advanced fighter is worth it compared to the cost . 
  maybe a bit more quantity instead of quality would 've been better here . 
  indeed , my bad . 
  this will therefore be beneficial to dassault to some extent , even though a much larger order has failed to materialize . 
  it remains a large blow to the rafale program . 
  maybe , but its export numbers are pretty low compared to other major military aircraft . 
  then again , if we take a look at saab : saab only built a mere 247 gripens as well . 
  for comparison : the f-16 fighting falcon has been built over 4.500 times so far . 
  now the f-16 may be the most succesful jack of all trades ever , but one would expect that higher export numbers are necessary to compensate the astronomical costs of development associated with military aircraft . 
  the rafale program ca n't reasonably be seen as profitable with these sales figures ( around 130-150 ) . 
  about the downvotes : no idea why , next to some misplaced feelings of nationalism . 
  if the rafale failed , it failed . 
  big deal . 
  france might as well develop a contestor to the jsf with some other allied countries ( including my own ) , or a successor to it , to make better use of its own resources . 
  seems like this is the final blow to the already failing rafale program . 
  the plane might be sufficient under certain circumstances , but so far has failed to be sold abroad in large numbers . 
  edit : if you do n't get it , read on below . 
  i openly doubt whether the rafale program manages to break even so far due to its low amount of deliveries . 
  i am not doubting that lol . 
  the thing is : i wanted to emphasize how heated the entire airbus vs boeing argument can become from time to time , for good reason and for no reason at all . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/generator/uploads/generated/g1370201950321189465.jpg ), 
  ah ok . over here the office of prosecutor is considered ` independent ' mostly , even though the minister of justice can intervene whenever he likes if only for the right reasons . 
  if you look upon this man as just a civil servant , the answer is of course obvious . 
  does n't the german office of public prosecutor have some kind of independent status ? 
  not to say that the move made by the german government was wrong , but it becomes a whole different story if the independence of the judiciary comes into play . 
  it is to be expected that politicians stay as far away as possible from interfering with the judiciary save in cases where interference can be easily justified . 
  the latter seems to apply though . 
  interesting subject , as it touches the delicate relationship of the office of public relationship and the executive branch of government . 
  this was probably the best solution , yet you could wonder to what extent mr. 
  range should be free of political meddling . 
  over here the minister of justice normally is n't bothered to intervene in such away , but then again we do n't have a high profile case that infringes on press freedom as it in this case . 
   according to airbus , much of the plane 's aerodynamics are designed to limit and reduce the sonic boom it will create when it reaches supersonic speed . 
  also , apparantly the forces associated with the sonic boom would move away from the aircraft in such a fashion that the noise on the ground would not be comparable to the rumbling of concorde . 
  rest assured : the designers of such crafts have studied history and know why concorde failed ( that being the fact that is was way too loud ) . 
  you should n't judge the value of the nobel prize for physics for example because the nobel peace prize happens to be a popularity contest . 
  all the other prizes still have a lot of international allure , with good reason . 
  but indeed : the peace prize has become a farce . 
  exactly . 
  those common debate killers do not apply anymore , and the production of hydrogen could easily be made environmentally friendly . 
  the same can be said about nuclear energy to a large extent ( read : new designs , like gen 3 and gen 4 reactors ) , yet that remains a much more controversial topic . 
  i 'd better not go on about nuclear energy as it attracts the most ardent of haters , that 've been fed the same nonsense since they could walk . 
  in each case : given sufficient investment , a hydrogen based economy is completely achievable . 
  it is no utopian thing out of the 60 's or 70 's anymore . 
  probably . 
  most patents are just gathering dust , and the same could apply to this ` invention ' . 
  then again , the future is difficult to predict : the only thing we know for certain is that technology keeps growing in complexity in an apparant ever increasing pace . 
  it would be really exciting to see one of these take off from a nearby airport  . 
  i understood that you considered it to be economically problematic , but your last sentence for me suggested you also thought of possible technological hurdles . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  indeed , whenever something like this gets produced it needs to be low cost from multiple angles : fuel , maintenance as well as long term exploitation costs . 
  i imagine that a transport vehicle like this would first be used by the 1 % ( mirroring the concorde 's main user class ) , only to be rolled out to the general public later on . 
  seeing as how technology seems to grow exponentially these problems should be overcome in due time . 
  i think it all succeeds or fails based on whether we 'll be moving more towards a hydrogen based economy in the next few decades . 
  the british seem to be building something [ similar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skylon_ ( spacecraft ) though - and the design that was linked is apparantly already considered technologically feasible . 
  well , the good old uk seems to be miles ahead on airbus with [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skylon_ ( spacecraft ) . 
  it does n't mean anything ( yet ) , save that airbus seems to have some interest in hypersonic passenger transport . 
  whether airbus will actually start to build something like it is rather unsure , but companies that are n't innovative will go down sooner than later . 
  if boeing starts to patent something similar , you 'll know it is going to be a thing  . 
  finally !, 
  been waiting for this for a long time . 
  i wonder if the same results of the previous survey apply , when the community was still a lot smaller . 
  a bit more indepth questions about the political convictions of the people that read / r/europe could 've been interesting though . 
  i am curious to see how this changed since the last survey . 
  not to say that i agree with the way boreras put it , but geenstijl has gone completely to shit over the past few years . 
  i used to enjoy reading it somewhere like 5 years ago , but it has really taken a turn for the worse . 
  reading the extremely sour comments there - let me just summarize it as endless and bitter complaints - is a bit too depressing for me . 
  too bad , as it used to be a decent place to visit , yet it took a turn for the worse after dominique weesie left . 
  geenstijl it 's opinion pieces indeed are a rather uncredible source , as they are highly influenced by geenstijl its own agenda . 
  you do n't quote rt and zerohedge : the same applies to that place . 
  no , but i did like the words of the french ambassador at the un sc . 
  he emphasized that the quest for truth will go on , and that in principle should be enough for now . 
  most people here already understood what happened shortly after the crash - and which country is probably involved . 
  i think that most persons that actually lost someone due to this heinous crime have accepted the reality they 'll either never see justice , or wo n't see it for at least another few decades . 
  swift justice was never really to be expected . 
  who is this geert walders you speak off ? 
  still it gets upvoted en masse . 
  it feels like this topic was pushed up the page by a collaborative effort , and we have been warned about such ` forces ' before . 
  it is an important subject that needs attention , although not the attention of people here as it does n't fit this subreddit 's theme . 
  disregarding the importance of this subject : what does this have to do with europe ? 
   content which does not fit with the theme of this subreddit and/or is not relevant here shall be removed ( e.g. 
  domestic us politics or economics in argentina ), 
   . . really do n't think there 's the time and resources to do that . 
  it 's just ordinary people . 
  there 's hardly enough time in the day to manage the things that already need to be done without adding image management to that long list as well . 
  yeah , i also understand that . 
  also : i do n't want to turn this into a subscribers vs moderators rant . 
  i highly respect the effort you guys put into managing this subreddit , which has a population equal to a major city . 
  but if the strain is that severe , you should add additional mods that have the required knowledge to moderate a large subreddit . 
  after all : you do this in your spare time - and that also means you should be able to do something * else * if you want to . 
   i think it 's worth pointing out that the moderators are roughly balanced in terms of the overall number of them which are on either left or right of the political spectrum . 
  if you say so : it just did n't seem that way in the past . 
  but you know the other moderators better than i do , so i 'll take this as fact . 
  thanks for taking the time to answer back . 
  the meta failure of the upvote/downvote system aside , / r/europe moderators should try to avoid all links to leftist or rightist convictions . 
  i believe quite a few of / r/europe its mods have been identified as leftwing in the past , and this knowledge reinforces the fiery temper of people that either see themselves as centre or rightwing when topics like these get nailed to the frontpage . 
  this post feels like the good old leftist hobby of ` looking away ' when the very subject of this post comes into play and this in turn increases overall resentment . 
  to be frank : this topic feels like a leftwing solution or even a gagging attempt . 
  do i like topics concerning immigration all over the front page ? 
  no , as it gets rather boring to read about the same shit each and every day .
