   take your example , you want to increase efficiency by having more uninformed people directly involved in the decision making process . 
  such direct democracy would need a quorum of at least  50 % of all people eligible to vote to show up , otherwise any plebescite would be deemed to have failed . 
  most importantly - following this  50 % criterium - there should be a  65 % or even a  70 % majority to repeal or introduce any legislation . 
  this will mostly curb the type of mob rule you are warning about . 
  furthermore , it is up to the government to * properly inform * people about the consequences of repealing or introducing certain legislation , as a counterweight to ` the telegraaf ' or other low-quality media if you will . 
  moreover , although my original comment did not mention this , such changes would have to be introduced together with a dramatic reduction in passive suffrage rights . 
  i would rather see people with many years of experience in their prospective fields in high government offices on the basis of merit , than some person that has basically crawled his/her way up to such places due to being well connected . 
   yes , politicians and their advisers are experts . 
  i do not know if you have ever taken the time to read up on the professional background of many key politicians in this country , but you would be amazed how few have the true credentials required for their office . 
  it has often been said that real leaders stay away from politics , as they do n't feel home in that snakepit . 
   the strength of an indirect democracy is that the average inhabitant does n't have to know anything about every individual decision that has to be made . 
  exactly , yet what you ( maybe purposely ? ), 
  forget to mention is that legislation that goes against the overwhelming will of the public can not be repealed by the people itself . 
  it leads to bizarre situations , where the sovereignty of the people gets subjected to the will of its leaders . 
  whatever system there is in place ( whether authoritarian , democratic , or a hybrid variant ) , the elected leaders of the people always - without exception - serve the people and not the other way around . 
  you might consider that last comment obvious , but it is not . 
  the way our representatives are carefully avoiding the subject of ` referendum ' over the past few years is telling in that regard . 
  if the aristocracy in this case were to mean ` rule by the best ' , i.e. 
  a type of meritocracy , then hell yes . 
  although aristocracy has this habit of fading away into oligarchy , does n't it ? 
  want to get back at this one . 
  alright , in the same order :  yes , but the time spent in prison is gone as well . 
  so this really is not an argument against the death penalty , it rather is an argument against irrevocable consequences . 
  the death penalty as a sentence is irreversible , yet a prison sentence is reversible . 
  time spent however is not , you are right at that . 
  although i will add that this argument was mostly inspired by ones life , which can only forcefully be taken away by the first method ( i.e. 
  execution ) . 
   we can not . 
  but that does not stop us from imprisoning them for life . 
  correct , yet the moral implications of sentencing an innocent person to death or sentencing an innocent person to life imprisonment ( with the change of being freed later on in life ) are very different in my view . 
   in the end this is a entirely political issue . 
  i think it boils down to this . 
  i just asked myself the question why we should condemn murdering someone - an act that is by the way outlawed in nearly every society on this world - yet allow the same act in the name of justice . 
  it reeks of double standards , but you are probably right in telling me that there are some arguments against this type of reasoning . 
  agreed . 
  people fear change - you are completely right about it . 
  what can i say . 
  that 's very true i guess  . 
  maybe it is important here to distinguish between having to leave forcefully and leaving out of ( semi ) free will . 
  most people we know are pretty much bound to their respective villages , towns and cities . 
  leaving that all behind , including friends , relatives , work and other important services you rely on can feel really , really bad . 
  but if you say that people should adapt to whatever comes on their path , then we fully agree . 
  at least you will be * alive * after that , meaning that your most prized possession will still be yours . 
  a monetary compensation will take away some of the pain ( for some exceptionally greedy people a lot of it ) , but it indeed is very clear that it can never ever bring those years back . 
  it is n't ideal but in the end you will still be alive . 
  i think we would both prefer that over an execution . 
  thought about that once . 
  for example : saddam hussein . 
  pretty obvious the guy was guilty to mass murder , although such cases are rare . 
  i would consider an execution understandable in such a situation , yet i still can not condone it . 
  although obvious guilt clears most hurdles , in the end the moral question whether a murderer should be punished with murder remains . 
  an eye for an eye and giving in to revenge , or showing mercy and only taking away ones liberty for life ? 
  to attack myself : life imprisonment in itself could be seen as a type of mental torture . 
  i pretty much agree with everyone 's replies here , but to go on about this thing : i have always loathed this assumption that at some point a prosperous , capitalist state * must * advance to a multiparty system . 
  this has been pushed ad nauseum , especially after the end of the cold war , going as far as making extremely arrogant claims like ` democracy is the final form of government ' . 
  gon na watch that link now , it already sounds highly interesting . 
  edit : excellent , thanks for sharing . 
  everyone that got 20 minutes to spare should watch it . 
  that is a fair description , yes . 
  i simply want the misery in the eastern part of your country to end , as it will only damage the lives of people involved further with each passing minute . 
  of course , giving in to what putin apparantly wants requires assurances that his ambitions stop there . 
  there would be no point in evacuating ukranian citizens from eastern ukraine ( e.g. 
  the donbass region ) if putin 's war machine would n't stop there . 
  it remains difficult and not surpringly , the answer is n't obvious . 
  about the death penalty : do n't you agree that the ban on the death penalty can be justified by one of these reasons : - the death penalty is irreversible . 
  what if someone is executed while being innocent , which has happened [ before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wrongful_execution#united_states ) ? 
  prison sentence however , is mostly reversible as long as the prisoner has n't died yet . 
  - how can you be a 100 percent sure that someone is guilty and how does this relate with justifying the death penalty ? 
  if 1 innocent guy out of 50 gets wrongfully executed , would that be ` worth ' it ? 
  - murder is a punishable act and maybe even the most severe crime a human being can commit to another individual . 
  why should legal murder - i.e. 
  the death penalty - be morally justified ? 
  - does n't life imprisonment give society the same protection , albeit at higher costs ? 
  i will immediatly mention that i consider the argument ` the death penalty is cheaper ' extremely immoral and inhumane . 
  that being said , i used to be a proponent of the death penalty when i was a bit younger and i know how easy it is to defend both sides . 
  still , i am interested about what you think . 
  another unpopular opinion , but still : so be it , for them and for hundreds of thousands of other citizens in eastern ukraine , if that is the price for lasting peace . 
  people would be forced to leave their homes , which is a terrible , traumatic experience , but it beats dying in a civil war . 
  stability is needed for one to live a normal life . 
  i think the prospect of peace prevails over individual feelings , even though i admit it is a really tough call . 
  assuming that this post is a ` safe haven ' to utter dissenting thoughts : democracy is a failing system * in its current form * . 
  the lack of direct democracy in many european nations and the ever eroding trust in politicians got the potential to kill democracy and potentially , states of law in the longterm . 
  criticizing the shortcomings of democracy - and its horrible inefficiency in dealing with acute problems - is generally not really rewarded here . 
  people seemingly do not consider efficiency a prerequisite for a functioning government , which troubles me in a way . 
  obvious disclaimers : not asking for a dictatorship/autocracy/scary types of government . 
  good post by the way . 
  there apparantly was a post some time back apparantly were one of them talked about his religious conviction to islam . 
  which is fine , although that means that the person in question should stay miles away from topics dealing with islam , to prevent a conflict of interests . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but was n't that / u/theskynet ? 
  he was also the one responsible for the removal of the topics , or at least one of them . 
  you obviously missed the posts in question . 
  if you read them closely , you noticed that dozens of constructive or other comments that were in line with the rules and regulations of this subreddit were all thrown away by nuking the * entire * thread . 
  instead of removing the * disgusting * comments that were out of place and in violation of the rules . 
  the ` bitching ' as you call it as a direct response to moderator power abuse and the seeming impunity which some mods apparantly enjoy . 
  that is a problem that needs solving in the short term , in order for this subreddit to grow and be maintained in an orderly fashion . 
  edit : imagine the public upheaval if a small town was being run like this place is sometimes . 
  maybe that is for the better . 
  some feedback is much required for the moderators , in order to ensure that they will conjure up a fitting long term response to this enduring problem . 
  to start with something positive , i think it is good that the mods felt compelled ( albeit rather morally forced ) to create a topic about this matter . 
  my respect for that : it is the first step towards transparancy .
