  unless your parents are n't wealthy , because then you 're * fucked * . 
  sometimes i believe that the us could still learn a lot from european nations , but our national systems ( save the one the uk uses ) will probably immediatly be called ` communist ' or something like that . 
  i do n't see any rational thought behind effectively barring the access to university for large groups of people , save some budgetary advantages . 
  it just sounds so terribly unfair and moreover : unethical . 
  maybe not if the lega nord gets its way . 
  at least not the part above rome in that case . 
  in quite a bit . 
  use the same site and look up the stats for amsterdam for example . 
  in relation to the average income , renting an apartment in lisbon is just really expensive . 
  you 'll change your mind after you notice the depressing weather that northern europe got to offer . 
  no , but really , the cost of simply renting an apartment in lisbon is sky high given the average income !, 
  at least public transportation is cheap , but that 's about the only spark of hope on that list . 
  oh yea , for chain smokers portugal is still paradise . 
  1k a year is n't that much compared to other countries ( take the uk for example ... ) but it 's still a lot to cough up for a student . 
  could you tell me something about the cost of living in portugal ? 
  for example how much will remain of a net salary of $ 700 a month . 
  it has been decided . 
  norway wins , eu loses again . 
  edit : though it 's 7.8 % , still below germany : https://ycharts.com/indicators/norway_youth_unemployment_rate_lfs, 
  does that really matter in the grander scheme of things ? 
  i understand that you have way more chance of finding a job * if * you happen to be a versatile person with plenty of knowledge and experience , but i wonder if that makes any difference on a macro-economic scale . 
  the shortage of jobs for young people can rather be explained by a lack of demand , which in turn has been fueled by economic downturn . 
  i feel bad for young people in greece , spain , portugal and italy . 
  there truly will be a lost generation if this keeps up and so far it looks like it will remain all the same . 
  imagine just losing a potential 10 years of your future career . 
  that 's really difficult to recover , if not impossible . 
  it sucks that young people have to pay for the incompetence of the old guard . 
  even if one of the other oppositing parties themself killed thousands of people ? 
  and only thousands instead of tenthousands because the ` opposition ' in syria is fragmented in so many armed religious groups ? 
  be careful what you wish for , as an islamic state of syria - not even necessarily created by something like isil - will likely resort to the same measures . 
  once again : there are almost no good guys in syria . 
  the syrian conflict is n't about freedom , it 's about religion and sectaric violence . 
  i like how this pretty much mirrors bratusek 's her performance . 
  though timmermans is one out of few truly competent politicians in the dutch political landscape . 
  he 's the right guy in the right place . 
  maybe . 
  he sure neglected to look after his people , but considering the alternative , i 'm not ashamed to admit that i 'd rather have this man win than some alliance of fundamentalist organisations . 
  the discussion about who should ` win ' aside : the war in syria should end . 
  it really is the best result for all in terms of preventing further loss of human life that one party should win . 
  a civil war that keeps dragging on will only cause more deaths . 
  behold our own responsibility there by the way . 
  many western nations have secretly trained and armed ` moderate ' syrian rebel movements . 
  russia on the other side has supplied assad and iran has even sent its own military experts . 
  syria is just another place of geopolitical struggle , but the role of our part of the world does get a bit underlighted in the media and i do n't like it . 
  be wary about who to trust . 
  but does is apply ? 
  that 's the question , especially if it gets superceded by other more recent law . 
  good guys bad guys reasoning . 
  you best let go of it , because the syrian civil war knows no heroes . 
  war is n't romantic and you would do best to snap out of that mentality . 
  you probably - and honestly - believe that fighting assad will bring ` justice ' , or some travesty of justice , but it wo n't . 
  here 's the issue : that 's difficult . 
  and yes , i 'd like them behind bars for a long time , but we should n't let go of the rules governing due process . 
  although i believe there 's enough legal ground over here ( the netherlands ) to lock up dutch jihadists * even * if they joined a non-terrorist organisation in syria . 
  bottom line : if it is n't punishable by law , people should n't be prosecuted . 
  in that case it is the failure of national parliaments to curtail such actions . 
  can confirm . 
  i live at the belgian/dutch border and there 's a whole dutch neighbourhood some 2 km/s ahead . 
  smart people if you ask me . 
  might be , but it requires no small amount of naivety to go to such a place . 
  research has shown that dutch jihadists had a fairly ` romantic ' picture of warfare . 
  of course , that was shattered by reality when they actually arrived in syria and witnessed firsthand the brutality of war . 
  i would n't be surprised if british jihadists also had a fairly romantic picture of war and got disillusioned because of what they saw . 
  anyhow , taking up arms in some religious struggle ( because that 's what it is ) in a way that would be certainly illegal inside the boundaries of the uk should be punished accordingly . 
  but of course , whether they get punished or not depends on our arbitrary judgement on if their actions can be seen as morally justified or not . 
  there are no good guys or bad guys in the syrian civil war , so i 'll just leave it at ` no ' for now . 
  i do n't believe violence has ever brought peace , not in the long run at least . 
  it probably pales in comparison to the cnn panic train though . 
  i do n't know how its arranged over there in the uk ( maybe you can tell me something about common law rules regarding treason ) , but over here serving in a foreign army ( or armed entity ) is considered an act of treason . 
  there are exemptions though for people that serve their time as conscripts in the national armies of friendly states . 
  but really : if someone is to join the armed forces of say jahbat al nusra , which has been labeled as a terrorist organisation in the uk , how could one really not commit treason ? 
  but maybe that 's a bridge too far . 
  you do make an interesting point though : what about the more ` neutral ' ( from our point of view ) groups that these ` brave warriors ' join ? 
  it 's not easy to say that constitutes an act of treason , but i believe it still is treason under dutch law for example . 
  i see , thanks for clearing it up . 
  then you failed to understand the principal lesson . 
  get your head out of the sand and smell the coffee . 
  must feel bad , knowing that for once the british state will not provide for you anymore . 
  the apology culture has come to an end for these guys ; there will be no more lineancy . 
  they best get back to their barbaric masters . 
  let 's just stick to what science tells us for now : you need to get into close contact with an ebola patient to get infected . 
  if we all start drawing our own conclusions , and disregarding what experts tell us , then we indeed need be very scared . 
  by the way , this type of virus has never - ever ( you can check that on the internet ) - transformed into an airborne type of virus that can spread like the flu . 
  besides : the nurse in question has been abroad , the country in question has been kept secret so far . 
  go back to sleep and everything will be fine in the morning . 
  there is a rational explanation for this , whether that is faulty gear , bad procedure , not living up to procedures ( including handling of ebola infected waste ) , being infected outside of spain and so on . 
  the downvote button is not a dislike button pakislav . 
  in each case i believe it was you . 
  you might as well have called the example of mandela or ghandhi to frame me even further . 
  obviously you know to what kind of politician i 'm referring , so do n't make this into a show . 
  most people - and that is a hard fact - that talk about ` the people ' use ` the people ' to satisfy their own goals . 
  probably . 
  maastricht really is a european city and it just located on the crossroads of germany , belgium and ( even ) france . 
  whenever i walk through maastricht , i always notice that there are so many french speaking people ( whether walloons or french ) and germans walking around there , much more than you would encounter in another random dutch city . 
  i guess that the locals have above average knowledge of french and german because of the geographical position of maastricht . 
  great city though . 
  a one of a kind in the dutch urban landscape . 
  that could be , as most people do have a more advanced sense of english . 
  but when it comes down to german or french , one normally does not get any further than for example saying ` immer gerade aus ' whenever some german citizen is lost . 
  that aside , i hope you feel at home in my province .
