  on a different note : i literally have no idea why the netherlands are so high up the list , given the relatively high numbers of unemployment here . 
  sensational title is sensational . 
  talking about cultural relativism : i really wonder why it gained so much appeal in certain circles in the past years . 
  it is completely ok - if not obligatory - to understand the culture you are criticizing to a certain extent , but that should not necessarily lead to agreement , unnecessary courtesy or even undeserved respect . 
  i can remember an argument i had with some other dutch guy on a stormy winter night about 3 to 4 years ago . 
  him being rather far-left ( which is ok , just saying !, 
  ) , he wanted to talk with me about immigration , culture , etc. 
  i will not portray him in a bad manner here : the guy actually was pretty smart and witty and he actually got me in the corner one or two times during that argument . 
  but as time passed on ( as in ... hours later ) i started to notice that he used the same old argument over and over again . 
  in the end i realized that he did not get much further than doing away with any type of criticism by saying : ` yes , but that 's culture ! ' . 
  it made him refuse to judge another culture as he believed that people outside of the culture of subject are incapable of having a decent opinion about it . 
  his rigid reluctance to draw any conclusions felt rather religious . 
  to start with something positive : in * general * i like the new rules , but as a lot of people i have some trouble with the next two rules :  it is not ok to suggest that members of different cultures or races are incapable of cohabiting . 
  and :  it is not ok to suggest that some races or cultures are inherently better than others . 
  although both examples of ** rule 1.1 ** are inspired by obvious racist and discriminatory comments , i can not help but thinking that ` our ' values - vague as they might be - can be considered rather superior to some other cultural values for example . 
  take our opposition to the death penalty and our much further reaching freedom of speech , which is in my ` ethnocentric ' eyes preferable to a lot of other cultural ideas out there . 
  i dare to name those values even universal . 
  people should not suggest that cohabitation of different cultures is impossible by * default * , but i reserve the right to talk about the huge divide in dutch society - including the massive cultural differences between dutch culture and for example moroccan culture . 
  it is hard to see that both are reconciliable in some way or another as of 2015 . 
  this !, 
  the larger a sub grows , the more mob rule will replace constructive criticism . 
  i think this subreddit will profit from such a measure - i have seen it used with great effect on much smaller subreddits before . 
  and as you said : mods can simply remove post that cross the line . 
  we do n't need downvotes for that . 
  to expand on what you said : in the wake of mh17 , the overwhelming feeling here was that a tough stance would be rather counterproductive . 
  some people here were in favor of military intervention and some special forces were ordered to stay in their barracks a few days after the shooting . 
  out of all options even the last resort - military intervention - was discussed by high government officials . 
  but our government choose not to send soldiers . 
  the first concern here was to get the bodies of our people back , some of which had been rotting in the hot summer sun for three days on end ( or even longer ) . 
  i think that the root of our uneasy relationship with russia was to be found there , as rutte wanted to solve the matter diplomatically from the start . 
  an admirable course of action , but in the end perhaps too kind towards russia . 
  then again , we should avoid the type of hypocrisy i described as well , so it is is n't all cut and clear . 
  our stance is not cowardly , but rather something born out of necessity for now . 
  if russia 's fingerprints are found on the weapon our stance will most certainly change overnight . 
  i however do not think that even after all that we would break our diplomatic relations , despite the fact that 200 of our own were slaughtered above ukraine . 
  in the end there is the overwhelming sense among politicians that diplomacy must always prevail , even if extremely ineffective . 
  if the perpetrators are still alive i do n't expect them to face a court in the coming 20-30 years . 
  their masters will never spend a single second in a court , which might even be worse . 
  how 's the coffee in saint petersburg ? 
  it reminds me of poe 's law in some way . 
  the whole world knows alright , but there needs be an independent investigation nevertheless . 
  otherwise the familiar narrative of the west being rather hypocrite in certain situations will gain some ground again . 
  some things however are n't clear yet , for example whether the separatists or russian soldiers ( however entangled both are , but that aside ) pulled the trigger . 
  in that sense this evidence is rather helpful . 
  very interesting : i will keep this in mind . 
  in itself it clearly not an american problem , although i dare to say that ` crazy religious people ' seem to be a bit more numerous in the us than in european nations in general . 
  overall , americans seem to have a much more personal connection with god and the afterlife than people over here , but that 's said by a guy that lives in one of the most atheist/agnostic countries in the world . 
  in general , people that actively talk and engage about religion in public are viewed with some real suspicion down here as it is seen as a mostly private matter . 
  maybe that has something to do with the perceived crazyness of some religious americans , although it remains a theory . 
  indeed . 
  in the netherlands this type of culture fortunately does not exist , nor are extraordinary high damage claims succesful here . 
  i would hate to live in a claim culture . 
  taking everything into consideration , the answer is clearly no . 
  although i 'd love to visit the us for an extended period of time , but there is not a snowball 's chance in hell that i 'd ever emigrate to the us . 
  i will however add that our societies are not perfect , but that speaks for itself . 
  reminds us all of the damage the bush administration has done . 
  just saying . 
  leave facebook if you want to live a normal life . 
  i know dozens of people that suffer from facebook addiction , which is a pretty terrifying thing to witness from up close . 
  not to mention that facebook , but any type of similar social network , is a type of friendship inflation that should be avoided . 
  what does all that have to do with this subject ? 
  * of course * nobody is talking about terrorists or origin of the perpetrator , since there was highly likely no terrorist motive present . 
  presently , you are the only exception to that . 
  also , the way in which you still seem to think - that being ` races ' - pretty much disturbs me . 
  in topics like these , some people always pop up screaming : ` see , the muslims did n't do it ' , while basically making a mockery of themselves by doing so . 
  it does n't help anyone . 
  well it would at least indicate the presence of antidepressants , which can give rise to certain theories . 
  but indeed , without the possibility of a brain scan we will probably never know for certain . 
  the professor stated that suicidal people often exclusively think about themselves , although he avoids the word selfishness . 
  he instead goes on to explain that people that want to kill themselves are so preoccupied with the subject that they can think of nothing else . 
  they simply use one of the means at their disposal , which in this case happened to be an airplane . 
  so far at least for the expert his opinion . 
  i thought that might give some interesting context . 
  good point : i wonder what substances the co pilot had in his blood , if anything unusual was present . 
  but i believe the unpredictable effects of antidepressants were and are a hot topic here in criminal proceedings . 
  your average depressed person is not suicidal . 
  just saying . 
  i said they were rare in the same comment . 
  do n't frame me as some gullible citizen that believes everything the media brings , especially the more shocking and depressing stories . 
  a husband killing his wife and children remains exceptional , but it is * not * unheard of . 
  a self-coup might be possible : turkey has been gliding from democracy to dictatorship for years already , so taking power completely is a next step for erdogan . 
  elections are mere ` obstacles ' to such leaders . 
   they do n't crucify people alive . 
  well , at least that is something . 
  only thing that remains is some vile ritual in which the condemned is left to rot for a few days . 
  i believe they actually crusified someone 1 or 2 years back . 
  and the death penalty is still performed with the sword in general . 
  do n't you pull that one on me . 
  it said :  but i feel really bad for the persons , but those poor people will be left alone . 
  they lost a son and they highly likely could not have prevented this . 
  i changed it because it did n't come over the way i wanted to . 
  you are just making things up i did not say , even in that original comment . 
  why the hell would the parents of a grown man be held responsible for his actions ? 
  what kind of power did they have over him ? 
  nothing and you know it . 
  the simple fact that you do not want their names disclosed does not give you the right to make things up . 
  you really disgust me . 
  not in this country , nor do i have the impression that the will for vigilante justice ( is it justice at all ? ), 
  is widely spread throughout europe . 
  people that break the law go to jail - and no one misunderstoods that fact of life .
