  but in this context it means rape , in both languages . 
  i spent a week couchsurfing with an apartment full of hungarian-speaking students from different parts of romania when i was in cluj . 
  it was a really cool experience learning about the situation for hungarians there . 
  what was most surprising to me was that the szeklers are actually pretty exclusive and do n't really associate themselves with other other hungarians who live in romania , they see themselves quite differently ( and do have different history ) , but the hungarians in hungary only really know about the szeklers , so they are the ones who really have it the worst : they 're not accepted as part of the szekler peoples , they 're not accepted as `` real '' hungarians , and they 're certainly not romanians , so they do n't really have a group . 
  they were all very happy about the citizenship laws , although few had applied for it , and none of them planned on using it to live/vote in hungary ( this was a few years before romania got working rights in the eu ) because none of them felt very at home in hungary , but rather to use the better visa capabilities ( i.e. 
  not needing one for the us ) . 
  dude that 's so unfair , eritrea does it too !, 
  lol, 
  from my experience , a good number of tyroleans do n't even consider themselves austrian , so yeah , south tyroleans generally have less of an austrian national feeling . 
  most feel more austrian than italian , but still not very austrian . 
  but to be honest i 've only talked to a dozen or so . 
   but mention south tyrol anywhere and youll see some austrians popping up `` gib south tyrol plox '' , hell , this probably includes myself . 
  haha yeah , i 'm always amazed by how many '' s\u00fcdtirol ist nicht italien '' stickers and posters you can find around tirol . 
  but now that they have autonomy and open borders with austria ( but we 'll see how much longer that lasts ... ) , things seem to be fine . 
  although it is always interesting to read about the minor terrorist plots that led up to them getting autonomy , it 's not the type of thing i 've thinks about with austrians :p, 
  they all already spoke czech ( they always did n't get along with the romanians , and so kept their czech identity and language ) , they just never had it in school , so it was mostly grammar and such that was taught . 
  but yeah , definitely interesting to see how well czech republic keeps it 's ethnic citizens taken care of . 
  i visited the southern banat region of romania once , where there are a couple of czech villages from austro-hungarian times . 
  the czech foreign ministry was super involved there , they even paid a few czech language teachers to go into the villages to keep the language alive . 
  but the villages are dying so quickly ( ie the young people move to cz ) that i 'm not sure why they bother , there quite literally wo n't be any more people in most of the villages in 50 years , they 'll all be dead or moved out . 
  i do n't know about you , but i have , once or twice , written australia when meaning austria , completely unknowing that i had n't written austria . 
  the same could be the case here . 
  i mean , that 's something that could easily slip by an editor . 
  when i read it i just read that as `` balkan '' , did n't even notice . 
  russian smiley faces !, 
  russian detected !, 
  exactly . 
  articles do n't get written about those that area already dead ... 
  remember americans are taught very different things about western history than others . 
  he 's just repeating what he heard in ap us history . 
  yeah , came here to say this . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't say katovice and area around it . 
  hey !, 
  at least he 's in great physical shape , by the looks of it !, 
  lol though , that 's a great video :p, 
  yeah , it 's like europe and asia : there 's no actual geographical border , but somehow people feel like there is enough differences in our civilizations that we draw a border somewhere . 
  if you do the research , though , you 'll find that afghanistan actually does have more in common , historically speaking , with tajikistan/uzbekistan/ect than iraq . 
  iran would be a harder argument to make , tough . 
  i admit that the geography is debatable , but at least wikipedia disagrees with you . 
  you 're right , the better argument would be to say that afghanistan a. is not in the middle east b. is not an arab country and c. has historically been under very different ruling authorities , and so the two are hardly worthy of being lumped together under the same banner . 
  there are studies out there claiming this . 
  not sure how well accepted they are , though . 
  here 's a really , really , really detailed article compiling seemingly hundreds of studies which discusses the issue : www.co2science.org/subject/f/summaries/forests.php, 
  haha yes , i know , i switched subjects without being explicit , sorry !, 
  also i have been to the turda salt mines and salt mines in both hallstatt and hall in tirol , so i know exactly what you 're talking about . 
  that 's what i appreciate most about the turda salt mines , it was mostly people from cluj on a day trip , almost no foreign tourists . 
  in fact , that last bit is what i like most about romania . 
   ( depending on what you like to do ) haha yeah , if you want a nice nightlife scene , do n't go the maramures :p but the tuica is great !, 
  also yeah never heard it advertised as a `` theme park '' until now , definitely not a fitting name . 
  maramures is incredible . 
  ooh , i 've been there . 
  crazy acoustics in that place , they had a choir singing and i sat and listened for what must have been 20 minutes just gaping at what i was hearing . 
  also , [ this room ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salina_turda#/media/file:salina_turda_-_sala_principala.jpg ) scared the shit out of me because when walking on those beam boardwalks you can clearly see all the hundreds of meters down through gaps in the beams . 
  maybe siberia and alaska have more in common than we think :p https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stubbs_ ( cat ), 
  i 'm sorry about him, 
  i had actually forgotten , thanks for the reminder . 
  and holy shit , this is way at the bottom of the thread . 
  thanks !, 
  do you know where one could look at the actual data ? 
  that 'd be really cool . 
  oops , you 're right . 
  not sure where i got that . 
  reminds me of the military history museum of the bundeswehr in dresden : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1d/dresden-mhm-baustelle.jpg, 
  wow . 
  this is bad . 
  wow , i totally missed that first comma the first ten times i read the title ... 
  haha , only because of my usa flair :p sarcasm , for the record . 
  wait , what ? 
  this is exactly what i picture helsinki is like . 
  no poles want exciting lives ? 
  why are you all so boring ? 
  haha , all joking aside , any explanation for this ? 
  in my opinion , the schengen agreement is the greatest achievement of european union ( yes , they 're not the same , but you get the idea ) . 
  however , in my opinion , schengen is as good as dead . 
  this year border checks have been installed between germany and austria , a wall is being built between austria and slovenia , and france has now re-introduced check points and shows no sign of stopping again . 
  no one trusts their fellowcountry enough to allow free movement . 
  this is a sad time for europe . 
  yeah , compared to costco or winco or any other `` bulk '' grocery store they 're prohibitively expensive ( at least , to a student ) . 
  i always love me some austrian food , and for me , tiroler speckkn\u00f6delsuppe ( tyrolean bacon/smoked pork dumpling soup ) is a good mix of easy to make , and super-delicious !, 
  i 've used [ this ] ( http://www.gutekueche.at/tiroler-knoedel-rezept-967 ) recipe a few times ( warning : german ) , and since i live in the states i substitute speck for bacon and kn\u00f6delbrot for bread crumbs . 
  serve in a light broth , and enjoy , 
  yep . 
  this is hilarious !, 
  i am the only one who does n't understand why this would be covered up ? 
  the russians are officially in syria , unlike they were in ukraine . 
  what motivation do that have to cover up deaths ? 
  i blame my poor googling skills . 
  you 're correct . 
  you 're right . 
  bad comparison . 
  but , i still think guns should n't have been used . 
  if that 's the case , then my google-fu failed . 
  i 'd love a link . 
  ah ok , so it just comes down to negligence , then . 
  you should really look above you before sitting into the air . 
  i hope the person responsible is relieved of their duties . 
  why was shooting doing their jobs ? 
  ( poor and fallacious comparison removed ), 
  why was there gunfire in the first place ? 
  could you post a picture of an `` american '' wooden house ?
