yup , just drove through that area of italy actually !, 
  just goes to show all this nationalism crap is worthless , as there are always another people group to emancipate ... 
  while you 're at it , might as well call them `` tiroleans '' , as most of them think of themselves as tiroleans rather than austrian . 
  not what i meant . 
  blaming those responsible is in all cases necessary . 
  but overreacting is not . 
  sorry , when i wrote this there were not many comments and lots of people were like `` omg russia is the devil !, 
  sanctions !!!!, 
  '' , but this was in all forseeable cases a mistake , and one many other countries have made , so all this blaming is a bit silly, 
  sorry , when i wrote this there were not many comments and lots of people were like `` omg russia is the devil !, 
  sanctions !!!!, 
  '' , but this was in all forseeable cases a mistake , and one many other countries have made , so all this blaming is a bit silly . 
  this is f 'd up . 
  but before we all overreact , let 's remember the us did this to iran not too long ago : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655, 
  the same thing it has done to all the other countries to make them believe in a god . 
  that 's my point . 
  very true . 
  like how in ukraine the ukrainain orthodox church had much less favor than its russian counterpart . 
  umm . 
  i think the state atheism and oppression of the church during the ddr , while not really `` forcing '' , definitely had something to do with this . 
  i find is fascinating how some countries ( poland , romania , ect ) are still very very religious after having state atheism for a while , while others ( ddr , czechoslovakia ) are almost entirely nonreligious . 
  dude . 
  he 's not even american . 
  look at his comment history , some of his posts are in broken english . 
  why is this relevant ? 
   america is a horrible country with racist people who hate indians . 
  i will go to america after i graduate . 
  haha this is great !, 
  i do n't think this is shoot first mentality , but rather a sign that guns are a source of security in american culture . 
  i do n't think she would ever have used the gun unless the guy broke in and started causing shit , she just wanted some comfort , and to her the gun was that comfort . 
  really ? 
  like in what way ? 
  and are you also from lviv ? 
  fun fact : i spent a few days couchsurfing with the guy playing the piano in the photo . 
  he 's a really brilliant musician and programmer , and he also throws a great party !, 
  were you in vienna on austria 's national day ? 
  because they totally did have military parades when i way there in 2013 . 
  and in front of the hofburg palace there was a huge military exposition with tanks , aa guns , bazookas ( which you could hold ) , ect , ect . 
  to be honest it was really weird to see . 
  if the us did anything like that people would kinda freak out . 
  but then again i guess the austrian military has n't committed many horrors recently . 
  thanks , that was a great watch !, 
  it 's nice that eu politicians can have such a human face . 
  would you mind explaining the healthcare system in cyprus ? 
  i do n't think that really matters at this point . 
  but really , i recently saw on a map that slovakia 's gdp had grown something like 11 % percent since 2007 , how do these numbers correlate ? 
  gosh darn this stupid anti-american sentiment * edit sorry i guess jokes are hard sometimes . 
  write to your president and tell him to buy the * other * washington apples . 
  nobody i know eats those shitty red delicious , but maybe we keep the better ones for ourselves . 
  can someone do a bit of an explanation as to what danderyds really means ? 
  i do n't know why but i found this hilarious . 
  but really guys we have some delicious apples !, 
  i certainly hope you do n't . 
  washington state delivers some incredible apples , but red delicious are not and never have been delicious . 
  holy crap , what happened to san marino ? 
  just remember , there were all sorts of videos of supposed ukrainian armor movements during the riots in kyiv . 
  edit : no seriously ... there were ... go back and look . 
  all i 'm saying is please do n't take this to mean russia is planning to invade . 
  they very well made , but this `` evidence '' is useless . 
  why is vice the only news service that appears to be getting anything over the situation in eastern ukraine ? 
  maybe i 'm ignorant , but it seems that western big media is simply pretending this is n't happening . 
  http://lyricstranslate.com/en/perspektiva-perspective.html the spider in the underpants ? 
  haha that 's awesome !, 
  do you mean it gets `` stuck in your head '' ? 
  saying it haunts you sounds like it 's a ghost or something that frightens you , haha , 
  my gosh . 
  i do n't always respect vice , but i really admire them for being on the ground giving us a real picture of what 's going on . 
  i had no idea all of this business about governmental building ceasures in the east was such a big deal . 
  lard , he said . 
  but to more more exact it looked more like [ salo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salo_%28food%29 ) . 
  which is not much different . 
  it did appear to have stripes of meat in it though . 
  believe me , i 've been to czechia , poland , hungary , romania , bulgaria , and ukraine , and i know the difference . 
  did n't mean to group poland together in the bribing group , i was talking mostly about hungary , slovakia , ukraine , bulgaria , and romania . 
  note that poland also has a less strict max bac , so i was n't including them in that group to begin with . 
  yeah , american college drinking culture sucks . 
  it 's so hard , as an american college student , to just have a beer or two in a social situation . 
  everyone around you will either not drink at all or drink until they burst . 
  even going in knowing this , it 's hard to not get caught up in the energy . 
  uggggg . 
  i remember when i couchsurfed around europe last year i would frequently drink with my hosts at their parties , and i felt totally normal just having a few drinks . 
  not so here . 
   europe , [ ... ] has [ ... ] draconian drunk driving laws [ this varies greatly by country ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:map_of_european_countries_by_maximum_blood_alcohol_level.svg ) . 
  note that most of the countries where zero is allowed ( minus cz ) are in the eastern part of europe , where it is considerably more common to be able to bribe your way out that other places . 
  this is exactly it . 
  the things and places you see on all of our programs are the same as reality , but the way people act and interact with each other is * vastly different * in real life . 
  or , you * think * you know a lot about the us . 
  this is not meant as condescending , but i 'm always surprised by europeans who come to the us and expect it to be like our sit-coms . 
  i usually describe it like this : the us , being a colony , has a lot more pocketed diversity that most european countries . 
  in the sf bay area , you can find large urban areas where the only written language you will see is vietnamese , others chinese , japanese , ect . 
  this is n't really a thing in europe , although it 's becoming more and more due to asylum and the like . 
  however , if you go from west to east across the us , in terms of general culture , the difference is extremely minimal compared to going from , say , lisbon to moscow . 
  we 're talking about crossing over a dozen languages instead of from a california accent to a new york accent . 
  in general i would say the us is more homogeneous as well , but this provides a bit of perspective . 
  yeah , it 's just a passing fad . 
  so sad . 
  thing is , i would never want my government being the one turning my children from boys into men . 
  i want them to do it themselves , and without government propaganda . 
  psst . 
  we do .
