  they work all of our minimum-wage tourism jobs . 
  but keep it on the downlow . 
  and here we have a classic example of differing perspectives . 
  we should probably go ask what the crimeans meant by burning the flag . 
  um , the western world ? 
  to me buring a flag means `` i wish destruction to all governments , ethnic groups , and ideas associated with this flag '' . 
  it 's very different in odessa than crimea . 
  kashmir is also different because it 's pretty ethnically diverse . 
  crimea is not . 
   i guess one solution for this would be to divide the country in half on the dnieper river but i do n't see that as optimal . 
  this is a terrible idea . 
  nobody in ukraine is even suggesting this . 
  but ukraine ports outside of crimia , no ? 
  mykolaiv , odessa , kherson ... are they simply not developed ports ? 
  while this is a bit of a barbaric practice , if there 's one bit of modern day ukraine that russia should annex , it 's crimea . 
  if a rebellion took up arms and started shooting first , yes , there would be dead people . 
  however , i would suggest you look over a few of the past riots ( ie 1992 la riots , 1967 detroit riots ) , which were not specifically anti-government , but resulted in rather low death tolls by national guard/police forces when they were attacked . 
  listen , i know you guys are still a little angry about the whole `` we bombed your capitol city '' thing , but the us commits the vast majority of it 's human rights abuses out-of-country for a reason : the us has a lot of guns . 
  do you even remember the occupy protests man ? 
  that happened . 
  go and google some of the `` police violence '' compilation videos , they 're helarious really . 
  god ... ukraine need governmental change so badly , but there has to be a better way . 
  there is a better way , right ? 
  right ? 
  arrggggg, 
  you 're right . 
  i was thinking it was a conspiracy or something ... 
  ten years can do a lot for a country , especially one still developing in a lot of ways like ukraine . 
  i think it 's possible , but damn , they are going to need to do a * lot * of fixing up . 
  i love this part of romania !, 
  ( but there are few non-flat parts i do n't love :p ) . 
  i started on bike in ravensca and rode down through sopotou nou and into the national park . 
  i kept riding until the roads were n't wide enough , ditched the bike behind a tree , and then hiked past lacul dracului , but a few kilometers past that i had to turn around because i did n't have a sleeping bag or anything and had to get back to ravensca :( amazingly beautiful and genuine area , though , and nearly 100 % romanians besides the odd czech ( and me :p ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/80236121@n03/9223403072/in/set-72157634513559714 ) photo and about the next twelve are from inside the national park . 
  maybe , but at death at the very least you 'll find out you had cancer . 
  they 're not gon na be like `` damn , we 'll never know how this person died . '', 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard anybody who died without knowing they had cancer , though . 
  the critical difference between the velvet divorce and plans for a similar devision is that there were two very distinct entities in a federation vs ukraine being one country . 
  the border between slovakia and czech republic was a known and already arranged deal . 
  with ukraine this is not the case . 
  dividing along the dniper is also absurd because this put odessa and lots of places in southern ukraine , a much more culturally eastern part of the country with the west . 
  if they did divide , the border would be incredibly complicated to drawn . 
  plus , no ukrainians want to split with one another -- they want national unity , for the most part ( feel free to correct me ) . 
  i 'm with you completely . 
  where was the church that appeared to have been partially swallowed by mud ? 
   according to recent poll in east and south around 50 % are in favour of eu membership in the future . 
  i 'd say that the division is mostly between generations , not geography . 
  this is totally possible , it 's just not what i heard from people when i was in western ukraine earlier this year . 
  i was only in lviv , chernivtsi and a few villages but almost everyone i asked about the east said that they just wanted to go back to russia . 
  even a couple from kharkov i stayed with said the majority of the people they knew there were much more russian-friendly than eu-friendly . 
  and i completely agree with you on the economic situation in the east . 
  but , hate to say , where there 's more economy there 's more political power . 
  but this is kinda what i meant by `` the internal struggle between east and west '' : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ukr_elections_2012_multimandate_okruhs.png, 
  you 're right , sorry , i meant central/eastern europe . 
  the thought of l'viv and western ukraine being in the eu feels right . 
  most people there desperately want it and given a few years time the integration would succeed , just like it mostly has with romania and bulgaria . 
  the thought of kharkov , donestk and eastern ukriane joining the eu is a little bit more problematic , though . 
  even most ukrainians think of the boarder regions as practically russian . 
  plus , from what i 'm told , most people over there feel ukraine should either be neutral or side with russia , but absolutely not join the eu . 
  plus this is the richer , more developed part ( fun fact : ukraine is the only country in europe which is richer in the east than the west , symbolizing their relationship with russia ) . 
  if ukraine ends up taking more of a side than it has previously it will be interesting to see how the internal east vs west conflict escalates . 
  * not perfect, 
  the us is kidding itself if it thinks ukraine is an ally . 
  sure , yushkenko was heavily pro-west , but those days are over and nobody in ukraine wants those days back . 
  russia owns ukraine . 
  maybe the other parts of the country are different , but everybody here in tirol just kinda laughs at the fact they 're still not nato . 
  ha ha yes , austria 's great `` neutrality ' ... birthed out of a simple desire to get the russians tfo . 
  ah , i understand now . 
  us poor , abused americans :(, 
  it 's called a generalization , guys . 
  do n't take it too seriously :-) we do n't particularly like it when you talk about america being one homogeneous area/culture either . 
  if the texan separatist group was associated with terrorist attacks , like chechnya 's is , probably . 
  but i 'm sure we can find examples of people advocating within russia 's government for certain areas to secede and not be arrested . 
  is n't separatism illegal in every country ? 
  there are several passes , the main one being brenner pass . 
  it 's extremely narrow and in the past few years was already quite a strict border , i 've had my passport checked on that train every time i 've made the journey over the past several years , despite schengen . 
  ca n't imagine what the controls are like now . 
  in the hottest part of austria, 
  what causes the building to get discolored , anyway ? 
  furnaces/heating in the area ? 
  anyone know the history of this `` dog act '' ? 
  were there a series of maulings in denmark , or what ? 
  no , i 'm just using a combination of memrise.com , grammar reference books , pimsluer from my local library , and meeting with a native speaker friend of mine once a week . 
  it 's coming along , but obviously not all that fast . 
  speak : * english ( native ) * german ( `` fluent '' but constantly making errors , maybe c1 ? ), 
  * just started learning russian . 
  this guy has the best finnish accent i 've heard in years . 
  got ta love those deeply rolled r 's gracing the english language , 
  i have a friend who lived in zaporizha , ukraine a few years back and he said if you turned it all the way up it would literally cause burns . 
  so it depends , 
  haha , took me 2:18 but i certainly was n't rushing . 
  ` murica !, 
  there is no doubt that the majority of the people arrested are immigrants -- but , they are mostly from north africa , a part of the world that germany has not been accepting many asylum seekers from in the past year . 
  i would guess that the prosecutor probably misspoke , saying refugees instead of immigrants , because based on where they come from , they ca n't actually be refugees . 
  i have a friend from estonia who has russian parents and speaks both languages natively . 
  she identifies as estonian . 
  you would say she 's russian because she has russian heritage ? 
  he has money to pay people smarter than him . 
  ok , technically not rape , but `` sexuelle gewalt '' is sexual assault , and this is clearly what the big photo of the hairy-armed men accosting the nice european girl is suggesting . 
  [ it 's the same in german ] ( https://www.dict.cc/?s=gewalt ) .
