  fantastic taoiseach , a truly hardworking good man and a fantastic diplomat . 
  he came into power at a time when ireland was a mess , and stabilized us . 
  unfortunately austerity , no matter how necessary , is a policy that turns people against even the best of leaders . 
  history will be kind to enda . 
  i 'd like to see him run for president after michael d 's second term . 
  pretty sure they just slammed the door on us tbh . 
  that 's pretty bad form . 
  that said , she is super concerned over her image and wo n't even engage in debates for the uk election so i think this is more of a political strategy to keep her from public appearances where she could look bad . 
  obviously gerry adams or some of the other sinners or other td 's tbf could have a go at her in the d\u00e1il . 
  customs border is the bigger problem . 
  nah labour play to a working class demographic . 
  and they always love military spending and shows of strength . 
  lib dems want nuclear deproliferation iirc . 
  our private bus companies are amazing here because they only run profitable routes whereas bus eireann are required to run all rural routes profitable and unprofitable . . 
  unfortunately the private companies have priced bus eireann out of the profitable routes leaving only unprofitable ones ... 
  so they 're screwed . 
  way to piss off everyone looking to do business in your country for an utterly pointless security measure that is in no way more effective than a standard x-ray . 
  i reckon i 'd get over 30 anyway . 
  not great on the balkans and i might mix up belarus or romania but i know the rest, 
  i really ca n't see federalisation working for a country like ireland tbh . 
  obviously there 's the low tax rate but meh our effective corporate tax rate works out higher than france so that 's not as big an issue as it 's made out on this sub . 
  it 's just a much simpler system where pretty much everyone gets a flat rate of 12.5 . whereas in france there seems to be a really complicated tax system and everyone gets a different rate . 
  it 's more the legal system and political system though . 
  it 'd drive europe mad how we do things . 
  we 're also the only country left in the eu with common law , and it works really quite well for how this country operates . 
  loads of short term fixes and very little planning . 
  eating out ? 
  fuck no it is n't , 20-30 euro for a shitty chinese or pizza . 
  switzerland is crazy expensive . 
  this is correct . 
  the numbers are currently about 3:1 in favour of staying in the uk . 
  all the stuff you hear about the irish government securing an eu place for northern ireland is simply preparations for the case where brexit completely fucks over northern ireland and public opinion turns . 
  nobody thinks that 'll happen for at least 10-20 years though . 
  although it may look like the irish government are hostile on the northern irish issue all they 've actually done is reaffirm the good friday agreement which was put into jeopardy by brexit . 
  it 's important that the conditions of irish reunification remain viable even if ni never actually vote for it simply because it 's a stabilising factor . 
  as long as gfa is protected northern ireland will be peaceful , if it is n't nobody knows what 'll happen . 
  as things stand i suppose it would but they 'll probably just introduce passport checks around the british mainland and leave northern ireland in a cta with ireland . 
  but maintain the work/live rights of irish citizens in the uk and we them . 
  that way a migrant could try pass through ireland to the uk but all they 'd get to is ni which is both the shitty part of the uk and the shitty part of ireland ( economically ) . 
  they would essentially be no incentive . 
  problem is the trade tarriffs would still have to be put in place between ireland and northern ireland , that is unavoidable without having northern ireland under eu law , which obviously is n't what the uk want . 
  nobody knows what 'll happen with regards to northern ireland . 
  it might be ok if the uk can accept open borders for tourism and business but not allow living and working within the uk . 
  because that way people could go in and out of the uk from ireland but not actually work or live there hence it would n't be immigration . 
  also an alternative to a hard border would be some sort of barcode tracking thing on all products that either enter the uk or ireland and random spot checks to ensure people are n't sneaking stuff across the border or whatever . 
  in the way of the common travel area for uk/irish citizens . 
  they could just impose passport checks around the mainland and leave all the rest the same . 
  they 're a huge amount of cultural links between ireland and the uk as well as about 13-14 million brits with irish heritage . 
  it would be surprising if they scraped all those relations , then again irish people in the uk do n't really vote tory so who knows . 
  the thing is generally there are more irish people who go to the uk for work than british who go to ireland . 
  it 's just a product of the uk being a bigger economy with much more opportunities for career advancement so tons of our educated workforce go to london for work , these kinds of people would n't be affected in the slightest by the uk stopping the rights the irish have in the uk because they 'd just get work visas anyway ( people who go to the uk tend to be the best , most well educated ireland has to offer , the rest go to australia or canada ) . 
  also ireland has a few hundred thousand brits living here too so it 's not like they 'll be forgotten by the uk government either . 
  this is could happen , fucking sucks for the northern irish though who will need a passport to travel within their own nation . 
  ireland was n't part of schengen because of our cat with the uk . 
  that probably is n't change . 
  worth pointing out that a further 12 % thought they did n't . 
  so that 's nearly half of brits do n't know basic shit about northern ireland . 
  this surprises nobody in ni or ireland though . 
  do n't worry that guy 's just talking shit , the common travel area was one of the first things both governments commited to keep . 
  it 's not going anywhere . 
  turkey is closed for business so i 'm not surprised . 
  i might do now , thanks . 
  are ireland in it today ? 
  how does this convince anyone except a few aristocrats who who have voted tory anyway ? 
  i 'd rather not give too much info but it 'll be in imperial . 
  that 's wrong , ireland legalized homosexuality before the uk . 
  and conveniently that map is from 2014 ... before the referendum of gay marriage which passed with flying colours . 
  only difference is the uk prefers to do this stuff through the courts while ireland likes to hold referendums . 
  that 's utterly retarded , 12.5 % for multinational companies that set up shop in ireland is what our economy is based off . 
  it 's tech and pharmaceutical companies . 
  and the 0.05 % was closed . 
  besides that was n't finally 8 % of ireland 's total tax revenue comes from corporate income and gains . 
  that 's lower than the oecd average . 
  that 's hardly leeching now is it ? 
  irelands tax revenue primarily comes from income tax , property tax , vat and goods and services tax . 
  https://www.oecd.org/tax/revenue-statistics-ireland.pdf here 's a simpler way off looking at irelandstax revenue and expenditure . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/budget2016/budget2016-latest/budget-2016-infographic-a-breakdown-of-government-income-and-expenditure-700571.html ireland does n't leech of anyone , it net contributes to the eu . 
  you 're on reddit man , half the people with ireland flair are n't even irish , and most of the rest are disgruntled people . 
  but the thing is macron was n't suggesting going after the loopholes , because they 've already been closed to newcomers and will close to existing companies in 2020 , macron was going after our corporate tax rate , the 12.5 % that our entire economy is based on . 
  ireland will veto any attempt to change that because unlike france we are a vulnerable nation economically and have to remain competitive . 
  besides nobody is stopping france from dropping their corporate tax rate to 12.5 too , they just do n't see it as politically feasible , and that quite frankly is not irelands problem . 
  it 's probably just a colloquialism , must have -  must 've -  must of . 
  you know most of us ca n't do anything about that though , right ? 
  that 's more an issue with the eu not regulating against it . 
  also it 's not as bad as it was , the loophole is set to close in 2020 . 
  5 more percent are pro eu but think an alliance with the uk would be more beneficial than with the eu . 
  ( they are eejits ), 
  yeah but most people would have only seen the wage cuts and tax hikes and unemployment yanno which is the reasoning u/btyi has . 
  maybe but irish people tend to really value neutrality , at least in my circle they do . 
  i 'm not even slightly surprised by the 88 % pro-eu number but the 57 % would are cool with eu defense cooperation , that 's basically chucking away 90 years of military neutrality . 
  fuck , guess i 'm just gon na have to get laid when i head to london to study in september ... 
  was never in doubt . 
  it 's been a particularly bad week ... lol ,, 
  lol , sorry thought you were greek , nah the north is a kip . 
  too fucking expensive man, 
  lol man this whole map is silly , it 's based on how irish people perceive different countries ( that they probably have n't been to ) rather than what those countries are actually like . 
  a whole lot more than 1 % of us are insane man ... 
  man you guys have nice weather ... 
  was anyone else never in any doubt that the french would be liberal and vote against the global trend of isolationism ? 
  nonetheless well done france .
