  yup , istanbul was pretty high on places i wanted to visit next , then the coop happened , i ` ma wait till erdogan is gone . 
  40 % of protestants voted to remain , 85 % of catholics . 
  ni politics is so utterly fucked . 
  the trade is n't the real concern it 's putting customs checkpoints all along the border in republican heartland . 
  that guy knows where to find guns and explosives ... just saying , that entire border is the epicenter of republicanism n ireland , an ira birthing ground if you will . 
  common travel area will probably stand , the problem is the customs checkpoints that might well have to be placed along the ni-irish border , this would fly in the face of the good friday agreement ( belfast agreement ) and would absolutely cause sectarian violence , the ira would re-form , prompting the uvf and other loyalist terrorist groups to gain in support also . 
  and bam troubles 2.0 . 
  i ca n't stress enough how bad an idea a border would be for northern ireland . 
  the uk has to find another way for ni . 
  but the only other option that makes any sort of sense would be the hard border around britain , whilst leaving ni withing the eu trade block , which could mean trade between ni and britain has tariffs . 
  ni would also have to follow eu law , at which point northern ireland is part of the uk in name alone . 
  well i suppose the people could still have a british passport . 
  the daily star lol . 
  they are n't his loyalist paramilitaries , thats a fucking insulting thing to brand all british people with the views and actions of loyalist paramilitaries in northern ireland . 
  that said , can confirm loyalist paramilitaries focused on attacks on civilians and killed over a thousand , ira killed about 800 civilians , bout double that in police/army personnel . 
  he was the chief of staff of the ira , ordered killings , killed a number himself , has threatened people with death on television for cooperating with the british . 
  mcguinness is a piece of work , who did some decent stuff in his final years , he did however bring locations of buried ira victims to his grave . 
  i ca n't stand all this celebration he 's getting . 
  cunt in life , cunt in death in my opinion . 
  the irish one pretty ridiculous , a former uk prime minister and duke of wellington and some random wwe wrestler ? 
  no mention of sheamus heaney , patrick kavanagh , james joyce , w.b yeats , ernest walton ? 
  none of our actors , musicians , no mathematicians like hamilton , stokes , etc. ... 
  i mean i get if people do n't know all of them , but who the hell is sheamus ? 
  turkey is barely a democracy anymore , they purged more than 60000 teachers , professors , educators and general vital public servants because of suspicious that they were political opponents of erdogan . 
  perfect candidate for the eu really ... 
  me man , you woman ... * rips off shirt and pounds chest *, 
  ahh they just text you then ... 
  this is why i find this situation so funny . 
  did he just suggest turks will be a problem for europe ? 
  pretty sure the ones who live here are n't erdogan supporters anyway ... 
  you ignored her when she wanted to handshake ? 
  lol never look in the comment section of a trump video on youtube . 
  that is just embarrassing . 
  he 's just a kid throwing a hissy fit ... 
  tis the irish way ... 
  well we do that too , but we also feel very mischievous . 
  psssst , do n't tell anyone but you 're really our favorite ... :p, 
  no they 're included too , everyone is really , it just has different meanings to different people , to the irish it 's much more meaningful than elsewhere but we appreciate anyone and everyone that want 's to be irish for a day . 
  yeah definitely , it 's their choice if they want to or not but they 're always included by us . 
  ohh my bad , i was just going off your flair . 
  there is n't really too many benefits per-say , but there is a deep cultural desire to have ireland whole again , the majority of irish people who say yes to reunification even at great economic cost . 
  personally i think reunification is decades and decades away , by then the growing irish nationalist populations in ni will have grown to a majority , hopefully the northern ireland economy will be stronger by then too . 
  ahh it 's very complicated . 
  basically something similar to why west germany wanted east back . 
  but the northern irish are n't in favour of rejoining ireland yet , because many northern irish see themselves are british . 
  including the north its about right . 
  hahaha , the accents can get a bit hard to understand alright , we understand all accents though , we 're used to it . 
  not really about what we wa n't it 's about what those in northern ireland want . 
  we 're perfectly happy sharing , that has been the source of peace . 
  well it 's a celebration of everyone with irish heritage inside and outside of ireland , irish history , and the friendships ireland has around the world . 
  it 's a very inclusive celebration , we invite all to participate should they want to . 
  it 's not really about nationalism . 
  do n't pay too much attention to people getting angry over paddy-patty , it 's just we hear it 100 times each every year and it gets tiresome sometimes . 
  tell as people in america it 's paddy . 
  also have a wonderful day :d, 
  ahh now it 's more than that , it 's a celebration of ireland , irish people and people of irish heritage worldwide . 
  happy birthday kevin . 
  edit : gold ? 
  for saying happy birthday ? 
  lol ok then . 
  thank you , 
  yup , difference between dublin and a country town i think hahah . 
  religion is losing it 's stranglehold on ireland too . 
  today is the day when the whole world celebrates a small island of 6 million people , without really questioning why they care ... 
  the irish just giggle . 
  i would n't say classist either to be honest ( lots of them come from middle class backgrounds too ) , it 's basically just calling them a troublemaker . 
  or a scumbag . 
  and a lot of normal people avoid dublin today for this reason . 
  yes and no , in this context ( and most ) it simply means scumbag . 
  knacker is very very rarely used to mean traveller in ireland . 
  god how i want to swap them with a load of syrian refugees . 
  generations of divilry got us this :d, 
  dammit you 've uncovered our secret plot . 
  i 'll let you in on a little secret , most english people are our favorites . 
   shusssh keep that to yourself now, 
  because ireland has a massive history of emigration to all corners of the globe ( if our population growth had n't been interrupted by a famine and mass emigration , our population would have been about 35 million , only 6 million live on the island now ) the amount of people who are of irish decent around the globe far far exceeds our population . 
  there is a huge love for ireland too because we do n't do bad shit , we 're neutral , do lots of peacekeeping , are heavily involved in the un and international diplomacy . 
  and we 're known as a fun loving people who like to have a party , thats why the non irish join in :d . 
  it 's celebrated by all but staunch unionists . 
  just like remembrance day is celebrated by all in ni but staunch nationalists . 
  the 50-60 % in the middle consider themselves a bit irish and also a bit british to varying degrees . 
  it 's quite beautiful in a way . 
  they celebrate it about as much as the irish do , the americans are the ones who go mental . 
  there is a much stronger bond between ireland and britain , it 's strained at times but a huge proportion of the british population are of irish decent . 
  they just do n't scream it from the rooftops like the americans tend to . 
  cheers , yeah i think he was welsh if i remember correctly . 
  have a good day man !, 
  i meant the time it takes to unfold all of the ballots hahaha . 
  that is a very impressive voting turnout however . 
  do you get time off to vote or something ? 
  counting those ballots must take ages . 
  they all butchered ireland . 
  except the irish subreddit is actually kinda good craic most of the time, 
  wtf , we do n't eat lies in ireland , that 's a british thing ... me_ira, 
  i dunno about norway and sweden , but lots of people have a very lax attitude towards alcohol and drugs and smoking in ireland , and there are lots of people out there with addition and substance abuse in their family history . 
  so far the governments approach has been to tax the living shit out of cigarettes and alcohol ... and it 's worked pretty well actually , people drink a lot less than previous generations . 
  but we ca n't tax drugs , we 'd need to legalise them first , so drugs end up being a cheap enough alternative ... mix this all together with shit depressing winters and some disposable income and you get plenty of heroin addicts . 
  and they die occasionally . . also a lot of people went through some seriously tough times during the recession , that probably contributed to the recent rise in heroin use here . 
  it 's raining and dark outside , time to shoot up . 
  yes,
