  you can run into some pieces of shit in northern ireland , but that kind of open hatred against tourists is very abnormal . 
  just out of interest , have you happened upon the significance of pallets in northern ireland ? 
  people go to northern ireland as a by product of visiting the republic though ... they go to belfast , take a tour around falls road and fuck off back to the republic . 
  the irish never forget and the british never remember . 
  the murder of [ veronica guerin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veronica_guerin ) was pretty big internationally ( by irish standards ) . 
  she was a crime reported investigative drug gangs in ireland and she was murdered by drug lords ... it prompted a crack down on the gangs at the time . 
  she was shot through the window of her car by assassins on motorbikes while stopped at a red light . 
  i tried making it at home ... 
  did n't taste anything like in vietnam ... :'(, 
  breakfast : porridge made with water not milk , blueberries and kiwi on top . . glass of water and a large fruit smoothie made with 3 kiwis , a handful of frozen blueberries , a handful of frozen raspberries and a cup orange juice . 
  lunch : usually ham/chicken sandwich , with some type of vegetable soup . 
  dinner : roast chicken or baked fish or some other lean meat dish ... or some vegetarian dish i fancy whipping up once every few days . . generally i have 3 types of vegetables with my dinner . 
  snacks ? 
  various fruits , occasionally some dark chocolate . 
  i have takeaway indian food about once every few weeks and go out to healthier restaurants for dinner about once a week i suppose . 
  i eat pretty healthily but i genuinely just prefer these types of foods , i have a distaste for dairy or oily/greasy foods ... 
  i drink water mostly . . coffee very occasionally . 
  this isnt really true anymore though ... neptism for sure but bribery is exceedingly rare ... probably on the level of the uk . 
  does irish count as exotic ? 
  yes , well i ca n't speak for your bank , but i can do that with my bank ... 
  the key is bank statements with a sort code are accepted forms of proof of address in the uk . 
  i 'm from ireland though so we tend to get a few more benefits in the uk than most eu countries ... so it might not work for you ... worth a shot if you ca n't get any other proof of address though . 
  nah , nobody gives a shit about ireland . 
  virtually nothing tbh ... higher taxes and more regulated industry results in most things being more expensive in europe , except european product ... like european butter in europe will be cheaper than european butter in america , but american butter will be cheaper than european butter . 
  then land rovers . 
  3 and however many my future wife wants as i do n't really care provided we can afford to give them a decent life . 
  i 'll be doing the same , except icl , an msc and more hour per week . 
  you should get a national insurance number , and an nhs number immediately . 
  then you 'll need 2 proof 's of address to set up a uk bank account , the first one can be gotten by switching your normal bank account address to your new uk address and getting them to send you out a bank statement ... then try and get a bill in your name for the second one . 
  after that you can apply for a student bank account ( you 'll need a letter from your college , look on their website for how to get this ) . 
  after that you can get a student oyster card , though i have heard you can use your bank card as one anyway . 
  ehh , what would you like to know ? 
  i 've done quite a bit of research about moving there and know a lot of people who have done it , so although i 'm only moving in september , i feel like i 'm prepared . 
  does that include people born in east germany today ? 
   by my definition of summer , which is sunny and  20-25 c ) . 
  ireland is pretty similar to denmark by sunshine standards , denmark has an average of 1495 hours of sunshine per year , ireland has 1400-1700 depending on where in the country you are . 
  probably best to look somewhere on the continent . 
  african leaders need to learn that if a country ca n't survive them stepping down they have done a fucking appalling job as a leader . 
  true democratic leaders have no issues stepping aside to their political opponent when the country voted that way . 
  you should n't be leading a country uninterrupted for decades and decades , because it 'll create a power vacuum when you die or lose an election . 
  strict term limits should be implemented all across africa and the leader 's own party should force him ( / her ) to step down ... good leaders should have plenty of good prot\u00e9g\u00e9s to take over when their time in office ends if the country voted for them . 
  likewise teh opposition party should have plenty of good contenders . 
  the army and police force should be beholden to a leader for their term limit alone , no longer . 
  apart from that africa has been fucked from the get go , arbitrary lines on a map drawn by ignorant and malicious colonial europeans have decided the borders defended today . 
  and that 's not even getting into the slave trade/rubber plantations etc and all their lasting effects of the culture . 
  yeah , i should add that someone who gained citizenship by the granny rule in ireland , ca n't pass it on to their grandchildren in the same manner , and can only pass it on to their children if they were born after the citizenship was gained . 
  could be something to consider , the problem is that these people are already considered irish citizens , and the passport application is only an application for proof of citizenship rather than a naturalisation procedure ... 
  the passport is the proof required in absence of being in the irish birth register . 
  everyone with an irish grandparent or parent is already a citizen before they apply for a passport , the passport mearly gives you the benefits of citizenship . 
  in the eyes of the irish government , the grandchildren of an irish person are already irish citizens , the passport application is to obtain proof of this fact in the absence of an irish birth certificate . 
  i 'm not entirely sure you 're eligible , you have a weird case ... if your mother uses the granny rule , you would n't be eligible because she was n't an irish citizen when you were born ... there might be other rules that could be used because your granny has a passport . 
  you should definitely call the irish department of foreign affairs and trade before making your mother apply though ... you might not be eligible at all . 
  mostly fine , i mean if someone with irish roots wants to come back to ireland and set up a life here and applies gets a passport through the granny rule , you 'd be hard pressed to find anyone in ireland who would have an issue with that . 
  it gets a bit murkier with regards to the most recent wave of british applicants , because the only thing they gain from it is eu citizenship ... 
  in ireland british citizens are treated with every right as an irish citizen ( and vice versa ) . 
  as a result , we know that the rule is being somewhat abused by a certain number of applicants who place no sentimental value in being irish and those who do n't really respect or vote to further irelands interests ( brexiteers ) . 
  and more importantly , many of them have never been to ireland nor do they ever intend to come . 
  these applicants , though entitled tend to be seen quite negatively by irish people , because they are taking advantage of our generosity . 
  but at the same time , there are many people who do value their irish roots , do come to ireland and do keep in mind irelands interests , and i personally would like to see the rule remain for those people . 
  you ca n't own guns intended for personal defense legally . 
  you can own a very limited selection of hunting rifles and olympic sport shooting guns . 
  nothing automatic , or semi automatic ( except those 5 round semi-auto rifles , i think they are .22 calibre , iirc ) . 
  basically nobody owns a gun anymore , except a small amount of people who hunt or sometimes farmers have a shotgun locked away that they inherited ( as it was previously used to put down sick animals ) and never use . 
  there is roughly 1 gun for every 40 people in ireland , it 's one of the lowest gun ownership rates in the world , poland and south korea have fewer i think , then a load of 3rd world countries . 
  no i 've never wished i had a gun , and i 've been at gunpoint in thailand . 
  having a gun would have made that situation much worse . 
  i could talk my way out of that situation specifically because i was n't a threat . 
  if i had a gun , i probably would have been shot . 
  the truth many americans seem to forget about a situation where guns are involved , is that you are normally caught unawares and when that happens having a gun on you only makes the situation worse because you are a threat to the person with the gun already drawn and pointed at you . 
  if you are n't involved with gangs nobody should be coming after you with a gun to kill you , instead they 'll be threatening you and trying to exert some sort of power over you . 
  if you find yourself in that situation , being unarmed and compliant is the best approach ... hand over your shit and get yourself out of that situation , do n't do anything that 'll get you shot . 
  cos that worked out soo well in northern ireland ? 
  things only got better when all sides seriously negotiated . 
  yes , but do n't make it public that you did ... that 's what smart governments do anyway . 
  also obviously if at any point military action can be taken instead of a deal , you should probably go with the military action ... that 'll discourage futher groups holding the government for ransom . 
  none , order whatever the fuck you want . 
  vans . 
  ireland and scotland have whales , and the occasional great white ( great whites are very rare though ) . 
  be good craic . 
  ca n't in ireland anyway . 
  might be able to in germany : https://www.german-way.com/for-expats/living-in-germany/german-drivers-license-reciprocity/, 
  ireland , scotland , wales , france , england and the other one who always loses . 
  loads . 
  the catholic church still has huge influence on irish society , from the local level right up through to the highest levels of government , they own the land most schools and hospitals are built on , so there is almost always priests and bishops on the school/hospital boards . 
  if you visited ireland or even lived here for a short amount of time , you probably would n't realise this , but the cold hand of the church still has us by the balls . 
  at least it certainly used to be , not sure anymore though . 
  i 've been to germany plenty , bread is meh , much better bread in france and ireland . 
  our dedication to un peacekeeping . . 
  us and fiji dedicate way more troops per capita than most countries ( not including troops from countries involved in the conflicts ) . 
  the gay marriage vote , i know this seems like it should n't be such a big deal but it marked a massive transformation and liberalisation in irish society over the last 20 years . 
  it was truly heartwarming . 
  the craic . 
  the fact we do n't really have extreme politics of any kind , people are just decent and understand that compromise and gradual improvement is how best to govern a country . 
  i like how for the most part irish people abroad consciously make an effort to be good fun but respectful , so that locals do n't get a bad impression of us . 
  we have an extremely rich and deep culture , most of which you could live here for years and only just find out about , it 's delightful whenever you find a sport you have n't heard of , a craft you did n't know existed , a traditional holiday only celebrated in a certain region etc etc. 
  all in all , ireland is a brilliant country to grow up in , people are very genuine , open and fun loving , remain modest , respectful and empathetic . 
  i 'm not going to say that ireland is the best country ever or everyone here is great , because that 's not true , and many countries share similar qualities but ireland is my country , and we have made good out of a lot of bad situations throughout history and more recently , and that brings me to the final point ... we are really really fucking resilient . 
  fucking expensive . 
  only time i 've felt the need to shop in lidl on a holiday ... free public transport for tourists in geneva though , least when i went there . 
  apart from that , i think they 're a very isolationist society .
