  that said this point is often misunderstood of misscharacterize to mean that irish people do n't know irish or ca n't speak irish , this is n't correct we largely do know it and we can speak it , we 're just unpracticed , however give us two or three weeks in a gaeltacht an many of us would be very proficient again . 
  is like if you were able to play piano pretty well but gave it up for more than a few years , you finger dexterity is gone but the knowledge is still there and practice will bring back your ability very quickly . 
  gold star for you !, 
  irish people do learn the language , everyone who goes through the school system learns at least a bit and everyone who does n't have dyslexia must learn 12-14 years of irish . 
  the problem is it 's never used in everyday life once you leave school so everyone forgets it when they leave school . 
  for example i would have been considered pretty good in school , spoke the language fairly well for someone who did n't grow up in a gaeltacht area . 
  but it 's been 5 years since i 've had a conversation in irish . 
  i remember loads of irish and could still hold a conversation but my proficiency has been seriously hurt . 
  i see it like another skill i had . 
  when i was 4 i started learning to play the piano , i took lessons and did exams for 12 years , by the end i was pretty damn good but i gave it up as i was too busy . 
  i still remember most of the theory and most of the pieces but i have lost my finger dexterity through lack of practice . 
  if i were to sit at a piano right now and play it would seem like i 'm a beginner . 
  the difference is if i sat at the piano for a few weeks i would have regained 12 years of practice instead of a few weeks . 
  it 's the same with irish people and irish , we do n't use the language so we are in practiced but put us in a gaeltacht for a few weeks and we 'd speak it pretty proficiently by the end . 
  that said nobody here expects immigrants to learn irish , certainly no more than the odd word here and there . 
  it 's difficult for other europeans to understand this because languages you learn like english , german , french , spanish etc are far more commonly spoken in each country by tourists and businesspeople . 
  whereas irish is never used in daily life like that , literally the only reason to use irish anymore is a love of the language . 
  which is why it 's usually confined to gaeltachts , areas where people have agreed to only speak irish , even though everyone speaks english too . 
  relax man , we do n't require people to learn irish or expect them to , children of immigrants are required to in school just like anyone else however , unless they have dyslexia because irish is apparently extremely difficult for someone with dyslexia . 
  nonetheless do n't worry about learning irish . 
  if you go to a gaeltacht area however speaking irish is considered a must and people can get quite pissed off if you do n't , because they are the ones keeping the language alive . 
  irish . 
  it 's delusional . 
  yeah , ireland is grand . 
  it 's another anthem that developed from a song sung during a war of independence . 
  sung whilst irish men were being kept in internment , tortured and even executed . 
  it is the ultimate symbol of a complete refusal to surrender . 
  they jazzed up the song after the war and put in some marching band music , but really it 's at it 's best sung with vigor and without music as it was originally . 
  i really like the idea of marriage , do n't care for the religious aspect but dedicating myself to the person i love for the rest of my life is something i wish to do later in life . 
  dublin ... you have no idea guys , we have hundreds of people lining up to view properties to rent . 
  it 's a disaster . 
  people are being priced out of rents and going homeless because of it . 
  there is a severe lack of supply and the government are basically doing very little to help . 
  sarcasm maybe but being called a west brit is a worse than being called a cunt/dickhead/arsehole . 
  it basically means you 're a traitor to your country . 
  that said before the brits jump on me for this . 
  very few people use it seriously and it does n't actually refer to someone who is british rather an irish person who would have considered themselves british at the time of the war of independence . 
  nowadays it 's used to insult the posh areas of dublin . 
  ireland : celts -  viking raids -  british occupation -  famine -  most people leave -  war of independence -  partition + formation of free state -  become republic -  poor as shit emigration -  join eu + 0 % corporation tax ( later raised to 12.5 % ) -  become rich as fuck -  blow all money on stupid shit -  financial crash -  today . 
  everything is game in ireland . 
  probably once or twice a month , bowel cancer runs in my family so i avoid it ( and other red meat ) as much as possible , fish and poultry for me . 
  maybe 200 grams for each . 
  whatever is in a standard serving of bolognese or a stew . 
  depends , still usually considered somewhat irish but less so . 
  though if you migrated at 52 it 'd be pretty odd to consider them irish , having said that if they obtain citizenship and really adopt the culture , i ca n't see why they would n't be considered irish . 
  born and raised in ireland and you 're irish . 
  simple as that . 
  sign each others shirts , go to pub and get smashed . 
  kill britain , obviously fuck greece , fun , but they 'd fuck up your life so best keep it a one time thing . 
  marry germany ( no prenup ), 
  you know what happened last time though right ? 
  no , i did in my old house however and no it did n't annoy me , every day at 6 o clock there is a brief 30 second or so video of church bells ringing on the tv ... catholic country , what 're ya gon na do . 
  in ireland , yeah , they 're pretty good , our tv news are completely unbiased by law and will give you the daily run down , not much controversial stuff or investigative journalism though . 
  some newspapers are crap but there are good ones too that are trustworthy enough but as with every newspaper you should avoid certain columnists as they have an agenda . 
  what ? 
  kissing on the cheek is becoming more common ? 
  are you mad , literally never seen that done by the younger generation . 
  you 're right about hugs though . 
  very occasional between men , pretty normal to hug my female friends when i see them though . 
  i hug my grandmothers when i see them and my mother before i go abroad , occasionally i 'll hug one of my close female friends . 
  apart from that nope . 
  as true as that is , it 's constantly used by every ra head in ireland so it grinds my gears . 
  religion - nope , food - kinda , fashion - i do n't wear a farmers cap no , gestures - 100 % ( must nod at every passerby ), 
  i would n't be happy about it but i 'd accept it . 
  robert boyle , william hamilton , ernest walton , george boole ( boolean algebra ) . 
  william thomson ( lord kelvin ) , george stoney ( guy who coined the term `` electron '' ) . 
  and now some writers : jamers joyce , oscar wilde , w. b. yeats , seamus heaney , samuel beckett . 
  about an hour . 
  nobody gives a shit if you take an extra 30 minutes as long as you do n't do it every day though . 
  same can be said for ireland , except abortion , that one is actually divisive here . 
  you misspelled retard . 
  democracy , a dictatorship where the majority do n't agree with any decision made would inevitably lead to a civil war . 
  we do n't need a passport to get into the uk though , all the other europeans do . 
  there was a video going around of a sovereign citizen in ireland ... he was american lol . 
  but no , we do n't have that shit in ireland . 
  yeah they were bad , do n't forget the royal irish constabulary though . 
  healy rae 's are climate change deniers and support drink driving though . 
  hang sangitches . 
  never knew shatter was jewish . 
  imperial , people still measure and judge a persons height in feet and inches . 
  that 's pretty much it though . 
  til spastic was a medical term ... 
  met one man who survived the holocaust when he gave a talk to my class at school . 
  that 's all though . 
  there are only 1800 jewish people in ireland . 
  [ here 's one for ireland ] ( https://youtu.be/raazsbxweiq ), 
  nope . 
  it was an allies secret not a us one . 
  23 % for most things , there are reduced rates for certain things and certain sellers but 23 % is the standard rate . 
  i think electricity and oil/coal/peat are taxed at like 9 % or so but i 'm not sure, 
  yes , but it 's clear that the south of ireland is a descriptor whilst the republic of ireland has incorrectly taken on official status in the eyes of many . 
  so i feel like using that term furthers the issue . 
  i prefer to use `` the south of ireland '' or `` southern ireland '' when it comes to distinguishing between northern ireland and ireland because it avoids furthering the use of `` the republic of ireland '' which is increasingly being thought of as the official name of ireland which is utterly false . 
  whole country is in irish and english . 
  that utterly disgusts me too . 
  tradition or not it 's blatant animal abuse . 
  drinking games ... just leave me to enjoy my fecking guinness in peace . 
  he 's a national treasure with an approval rating of 85 + % . 
  everyone loves him . 
  yeah i meant eu citizens in the uk for the 2nd part,
