  that said they are a very very secure nation . 
  federer . 
  pretty country , though i still think ireland is prettier , less dramatic landscape in ireland but yanno , we have a coastline . 
  i dunno man , i take it that they just do n't know the actual number so they just have various estimates floating about . 
  but this one from the washington post seems to be bases on 40 million of so firearms sold withing the us since 2009 when an official estimate of 310 million was made by the us government . 
  lidl , aldi , dunnes stores and supervalue . 
  they 're all the same distance away from my house , so we go to all of them about equally . 
  yes , i would n't accept anything other than a monogamous relationship . 
  that does n't surprise me too much , but that 3 % are complet psychos if you think about it ... america has about 350 million guns , half that is 175 million , guns , shared amoung 3 % of 320 million people which is 9.6 million people ... 
  so that 's 18.2 guns per person ... you have 9.6 million people with an average of 18.2 guns each ... that 's nuts , by comparison . 
  ireland has one gun for every 40 people ... 
  i played gaelic football for a while , i came as close to being pro as anyone else in the sport ... 
  i gave up aged 10 ... 
  because right wing extremism is more prevalent right now . 
  it 'll swing the other way when left wing extremists start killing people regularly . 
  people do n't really care too much about burning property tbh , that 's what insurance is for , but right wing extremists , have been killing people in recent years , be they anti-western values or anti-muslim/jewish/black / minority ... the right wing terrorists have been far more deadly recently ... 
  why ca n't ireland participate , we have two native languages , irish and english ... irish is more obscure than most languages still in use . 
  i 'd be very surprised , knowing irish is completely optional for everyday life in ireland so it 's not something anyone coming to ireland feels any sense of obligation to learn , as english will always be understood in ireland but irish will be understood by maybe 30 % of the population , with far fewer being fluent . 
  i would n't want to live there , too many unreasonable people ... plenty of nice decent people too ... but all those guns floating about would be a constant concern for me . 
  no , kids ca n't get guns easily in ireland . 
  hell , it takes ages for an adult to get a shotgun . 
  and any of the guns that are commonly used in any sort of mass shooting are banned in ireland . 
  not great , underfunded basically . 
  ireland seems to value our diaspora more than britain or germany . 
  that said , our lot mostly went to america more recently than the earlier british/german settlers . 
  well , does a jewish refugee from ww2 count ? 
  he came to my former school to talk about the holocaust . 
  neither have had any effect on my life . 
  it means `` good health '' . 
   escalated something fierce . 
  you 're been hanging out with irish people , have n't you ? 
   escalated something fierce . 
  you 're been hanging out with irish people , have n't you ? 
  that 's what i had said too . 
  when was that mid 2000 's sometime i think ? 
  ca n't remember what year it was but i think 2007 or 2006 ... 
  the orange order decided to march in dublin and all the scumbags came out to play , ripped up bricks on the street and threw them at the gardai ... was a riot ... shameful really , very out of the ordinary for ireland too ... 
  rioting is n't really our thing . 
  i use a vpn so i can watch bbc iplayer ... 
  ireland , definitely ireland ... we love a bit of lifetime marriage , divorce was only legalised 20 years ago ... 
  aye , but nobody else has craic ... and that 's all that matters . 
  it 's be really weird ... like really really weird . 
  ai n't getting shit for 50k in ireland i 'm afraid . 
  i 'd pay , for a time , until everything started to crumble around me and i was getting nothing for my money ... then i 'd probably stop , with the knowledge that at least i 'm a better person than everyone else . . 
  paris , was a shit school trip though , barely saw any of the city , and was just shuffled from busy tourist spot to busy tourist spot ... will go back someday . 
  please leave me alone ... thanks . 
  accurate for ireland anyway . 
  most people do n't give a shit either way unless your shoes are particularly dirty . 
  gaeltacht and my mother can speak irish too so she used to help out while i was in school . 
  spanish ... 
  i used to go on holidays to spain most years so i 'd practice a bit then , but mostly i just learned through school . 
  but like i said , my spanish is n't great , i can understand much better then i can speak or write it . 
  english , irish , spanish and french . 
  english and irish wer compulsory from start to finish , 3 years of a european language was compulsory , and another was an elective . 
  my standards : english - fluent irish - pretty good , can speak and write , my vocabulary is n't 100 % though , and i 'm rusty after not really using it in years spanish - not the best , but can kind of understand most spanish speakers and can use shit spanish to stumble through a conversation . 
  french - utterly crap , have n't bothered since doing a year of classes . 
  have forgotten most of what little i learned in the first place . 
  yes , rte ( raidi\u00f3 teilif\u00eds \u00c9ireann ) is funded by television licenses which you need to pay if you own a tv . 
  it 's 160 euro a year , and aside from the news , it 's fucking shite . 
  it used to be good , but has really gone downhill in the last 10 or so year . 
  edit : it 's also losing money and has ads to boot ... all to fund a few peoples bloated salaries and egos . . 
  soccer , gaelic football and hurling ... then rugby . 
  ireland is 26/km2 and you could n't travel 10 km without seeing a house ... we spread out pretty evenly across the countryside instead of clustering in towns . 
  nowhere , small houses are dotted throughout the irish countryside ... you can probably only get 5km from a house ... 
  but it really does n't disturb the nature tbh ... 
  they are only small cottages and fit in with the countryside . 
  well maybe some of the uninhabited islands . 
  ireland is getting tougher on crime ... a life sentence today means an average of 22 years spent in jail ... 
  in the 80 's a life sentence meant 7.5 years in jail ... 
  the quality of the prisons are due to less overcrowding than america ... and the scandinavian prisons are just different and not reflective of the rest of europe . 
  edit : and not privitising prisons helps a lot too . 
  ( autocorrect really hates irish btw ) . 
  glad to hear , we do make some good brown bread . 
  depends on what bread we 're talking about ... brown bread ? 
  white bread , baguettes etc ? 
  france . 
  ai n't never been to ireland i see . 
  whats wrong with coffee shops in france ? 
  that 's his decision actually . 
  only traitors support rangers in ireland . 
  hahaha lol , i was confused because the guy knocked out was wearing a green and white striped shirt which looked like a celtic shirt ( scottish football team supported by lots of irish people ) . 
  lol , which one is the irish guy ? 
  i presume the one who was floored ? 
  own toilet is underrated ... 
  this is true . 
  yeah , that 's the thing , we do great bread , but not great austrian bread , just like austria would n't do great irish bread . 
  some places do nice curries , but everyone raves about the indian food in the uk . 
  i 'm moving to london in september , is it weird that one of the things i 'm most looking forward to is the curry ? 
  i feel like good bread is easy to come by in a number of european countries , and it only gets shit once you leave europe ... 
  but infinitely more craic . 
   shops that are open on sunday . . 
  this , 100 % . 
  i update it when i need a job . 
  i did mine up in my own format using latex . 
  in ireland however , sometimes they pick up leaves . 
  geographic entity ... 
  people from different countries have different cultures ... :o, 
  cannabis is illegal , but rarely prosecuted if it 's just a small quantity , and even when prosecuted , people normally only get a small fine unless it 's a repeat offense . 
  tobacco and alcohol are both legal aged 18 , taxed heavily to stop people drinking so much as that used to be a problem in ireland . 
  and people smoking is just seen as a drain on the countries resources and does n't contribute anything .
