  tis always the craic that 's longed for . 
  `` hello officer , nice morning is n't it '' `` what did you say to me ? 
  get down on the ground !, 
  put up your hands , stop resisting !, 
  stop resisting ! '', 
  * double tap to the head *, 
  true , but i think the important thing is that labour do n't get destroyed by this election . 
  survival is the name of the game and in that sense corbyn has done ok . 
  would you prefer a tory government though ? 
  i thought ireland would be worse to be honest . 
  is it better to make eye contact with them or avoid eye contact ? 
  little know fact : ireland 's national colour is blue . 
  2 family gangs having a spat fucked up our stats last year . 
  ireland : enda kenny stepped down as taoiseach triggering a leadership contest between leo varadkar and simon coveney . 
  leo varadkar looks to be the victor already and he has 2/3rds of the support among the parties councillors and td 's ( members of parliament ) . 
  neither are particularly imaginative politicians but both are reasonably competent and similar to enda . 
  they are both pretty centrist ( slightly centre right ) . 
  politicians . 
  a side note is that leo varadkar is gay and will become the 4th openly gay head of state , which is another sign of the significant social change ireland has undergone in the past 20 years . 
  i get sad whenever i see that bridge . 
  i 'm going to london to study this september , i wonder how i 'll feel walking over it . 
  i looked it up there , yeah there are a few churches at about 90 meters . 
  tallest building in ireland is 68 meters ... lol, 
  edit , sorry , i meant boyfriend singular , typo . 
  taoiseach means leader in irish , it 's the head of government , a prime minister in effect . 
  leo varadkar is set to become the next taoiseach after enda kenny steps down on the 2nd of june . 
  i ca n't wait to see what 'll happen when varadkars boyfriend meets with first lady pence on st patrick 's day next year , pence and his wife do n't spend time in the company of the opposite sex without the other by their side and they 're also super homophobic too . 
  irish politics is certainly not a race to the left ... 
  it 's a race to overturn the crap catholic culture left us with . 
  culturally we 're still very centrist . 
  was n't even one week man , one day . 
  and mich wallace sat there not listening to a fucking thing arrogantly assuming he 'd somehow get an exception from having to use the translator when it came to his turn . 
  nobody asked him to speak in irish , just not to expect an answer in english on one day out of the year . 
  l\u00e1 na gaelige , one day a year when irish is used for business in the d\u00e1il . 
  mich wallace knew that , he also knew there were translators at hand to deal with any td who wishes to conduct d\u00e1il business in irish . . at any time . 
  this was sorted out decades ago . 
  kenny is n't in the wrong , wallace was being the awkward and disrespectful twat . 
  wallace had been sitting there during business , all the while listening to irish being spoken around him , obviously not understanding a fucking thing , despite a translator laying front and centre under his desk . 
  and then had the gaul to give out when enda would n't respond in english on l\u00c1 na gaeilge !!!, 
  also it should be noted that td 's are under no obligation to speak in english at any time during d\u00e1il proceedings , ever . 
  translators are provided for these occasions . 
  mich wallace would have been told this and shown where the translators were and how to operate them when he was elected . 
  he was just arogantly assuming that he would the only person to get an answer in english on l\u00e1 na gaeilge . 
  during the video you can even see other td 's listening ti the translators ffs . 
  before reading i thought to myself , god germany , get your shit together , then i read that it was about a dozen guns ... ffs lads half the houses along the northern irish border have stashes bigger than that ... 
  we all get microchips implanted in our brain that utilises a certaim portion of our unconcious brain power to evaluate how we would vote on every issue , and that is submitted to the hive mind . 
  united ireland anyone ? 
  definitely a hive mind, 
  that confused me too . 
  progressives are n't coming from the mixture of conservatives and libertarians . 
  i dunno , probably social democrat-ism - left libertarian-ism area . 
  ireland has changed rapidly , we 're about to get our first openly gay taoiseach ( 4th country in the world to do that ) and the vast majority of the country are in favour of gay marriage etc. 
  there are some wankers out there though . 
  but to see this happen to the george which as you said is basically the centre of lgbt ireland is saddening . 
  hopefully they catch the little shits who did it . 
  varadkar vs. coveney . 
  everyone else has withdrawn . 
  you obviously have n't drank with some irish people ... :p, 
  i misread this as a strong and united ireland is fundamental to a strong un ... 
  i think we 're a bit full of ourselves :p, 
  they wo n't care until the bombs go off in england , and then the irish will be the bad guys once again ... 
  and yet ireland gets the drunk stereotype ... 
  i know right , especially when you listen to the shit some people hurl at enda . 
  they have no fucking idea what irish politics is normally like . 
  ... or maybe richard bruton might swoop in . 
  i said it at the start i 'll say it again it should have just been added to people 's income tax . 
  would have avoided soo much shit . 
  he was emotional because he put his heart and soul into the job , he was vilified by a certain proportion of the population . 
  many of his criticisms are completely unwarranted though his government did make some mistakes , enda 's biggest mistake was backing a gobshite who arrogantly tried to push water charges onto a population already suffering under austerity . 
  the whole thing blew up in their face and enda got the bulk of the public outrage . 
  cooler heads saw it as a minor enough thing that they backed off on but some people are vicious towards enda ( literally insult him if they see him in the street ) . 
  in truth though enda is a very nice man , who worked his ass off as taoiseach and guided ireland out of the most turbulent time in memory . 
  he was n't a visionary leader but he was a very stable , optimistic and dignified taoiseach who greatly helped improve irelands image abroad . 
  in my opinion he 's the third best taoiseach ireland has ever had . 
  he will be missed when people realise what the replacements are like ( a corrupt cunt , a tory cunt and a less stable , more conservative boring version of enda ) . 
  lemass is # 1 yeah , then lynch . 
  then enda . 
  this being the main thing that destroyed public confidence in the guards . 
  health is known as the poison chalice in irish politics . 
  it 's usually a career ender . 
  it 's a complete mess . 
  the there was a garda whistleblower a few years ago and the gardai responded by putting him on the sex offenders list and he almost had his children taken away or something like that . 
  the man 's life was destroyed . 
  anyway when speaking to the d\u00e1il ( parliament ) about this scandal . 
  enda said something incorrect ( do n't remember what ) . 
  he apologised later but by then it was taken as a brazen lie ( i dunno if it was or he just made a mistake/got bad information ) . 
  anyway this meant he got caught up in the scandal and is effectively why he had to step down now ( though he has removed himself from the situation mostly , he was always due to step down within the year anyway this just accelerated the process ) . 
  both are correct , tee-shuck is more of a west of ireland thing whereas tea shock is more common in leinster . 
  better *, 
  if you really go through all the past taoiseach we 've had you 'll be amazed at were enda comes in . . 
  i have him at 3rd or 4th . 
  who brought you up lad ? 
  ya never tell a girl she looks like her father ... thats never taken well . 
  sad day for ireland , enda was a good man . 
  worked his arse off for this little country , alas the party politics caught up with him in the end . 
  still the first back to back fine gael taoiseach which is a nice little legacy for him to have . 
  fuck that , he 's head tory . 
  and filmed another person inputting bank card details ... 
  which is illegal . 
  yeah , gobshite , that video is even worse that the shortened one , he 's a cunt .
