  fair enough , just thought i 'd point it out in case you did n't know . 
  lol man you know you can edit your comments . . 
  so an average football game have a few hundred people on staff and lets say 50,000 people attending , the club holds no information about any of those fans , no names no pictures , nothing , so you ae relying on one of the staff to recognise a banned player among 50,000 people ... how is that easy ? 
  sigh . 
  did you even read any of my comments ? 
  btw , i do n't even like football for the record . 
  sometimes people do get kicked out , but there 's no way to stop them coming again next time , that 's the point i 'm trying to make . 
  you seem to be suggesting that there should be some sort of list of banned people , but i 'm saying that is n't really enforceable . 
  fined . 
  they do n't know the racists though ... clubs do n't know the identities of the fans . 
  so again we get back to the problem of identifying racists . 
  because people are racist . . 
  i mean i 'm not sure what you 're getting at man , there are usually 50k people at these games , if 1 % are vocally racist thats 500 people , and that 's going to be very noticeable . 
  nobody here is defending racism ... 
  that 's easier said than done though , you do n't need to identify yourself to go to a football match so enforcing bans like that are pretty much impossible when you 're dealing with 50k or more people . 
  yes someone could go get security and try and get them kicked out , but they 'd have to point out the perpetrator and that could again end up in them being beaten up ( lots of these guys travel in groups ) . 
  i do n't know why you think clubs support this though ? 
  like they do n't go around giving free tickets to racists intentionally ... 
   because outside of europe in the west , or at least in north america we always hear about how forward thinking europe is or how it 's `` less racist than xyz '' this is n't really pushed by europeans though , and a lot of it comes from less severe institutional racism problems like mass incarceration of young black men in america or the police shooting rates of black men in the us . 
  however , racism among the general public would probably be pretty much the same as in america or any other western country . 
  there are white supremiscist groups in europe too , though they tend to get shut down for hate speech . 
  a certain amount of football fans are scum . 
  problem is if someone tells them to stop they 'll get beaten up , it 's not that most people do n't find those chants repulsive , they just ca n't do much about it . 
  chill lad , we do n't think we 're particularly progressive with regards diversity , that 's an american image of europe . 
  racism exists everywhere , europe is no exception . 
  i do n't like rewatching films , so i 've only watched a handful of films more than once and never several times a year or in subsequent years . 
  good stuff :d . 
  i do n't interact with them . 
  have no idea what they get up to . 
  they have n't completely fucked the place so i guess they 're trustworthy enough . 
  i 'm rural enough ireland though so it 's not like the county council do much more that fix the roads . 
  i 've never come across a school that did n't require it ? 
  irish , from age 4/5 to age 18/19 . 
  and european language ( french/german/spanish ) from 12/13 to 15/16 and optional 2 extra years that most people do ... irish people are n't good at extra languages because our education in them is crap and because of our lack of exposure to them , it 's not really an issue of us not trying . 
  it 's easy to neglect as mainland europeans how much english is used in the media and/or in everyday life , whereas i have never once heard someone speak german or french in ireland outside of school , and i 've only heard spanish once or twice from spanish tour groups . 
  even irish isnt really spoken in school , we just learn the grammar , some vocab and how to read articles and write essays , that 's why some people are shit at irish , in truth though many people can speak irish , very very few do so regularly though . 
  op you sound so creepy ... 
  it 's much easier to just do your degree then apply for a working visa and then apply for citizenship than get a girl pregnant to get citizenship ... 
  i 'm a ph\u00f3 ga man myself , but yeah it 's all about the broth . 
  ohh right , yeah , that 's not quite as bad , i 'd say that same sort of thing happens for those trying to spend euro in the north , i dunno though i 've always had pounds when going north . 
  they probably just do n't want to deal with pence as they 'd have difficulty changing that back to euro or vice versa . 
  i dunno though probably best to just have a little bit of euro in your wallet whenever ya come down south yanno . 
  ahh man it 's grand . 
  we do n't mind , it 's tradition for irish people with talent to go to england and make a name for themselves and then bring their british family to retire in ireland . 
  ireland and britain are culturally intertwined , granted ireland probably benefits more from this but hey we give the british all the rights he give us , ye just do n't come here enough . 
  pretty much everything is more expensive down south i reckon , except dvds and cds in hmv from what i remember ( weird i know ) . 
  but petrol and alcohol are definitely pricier here . 
  yeah , you probably should just take euro out of the atm on the other side of the border or pay with your card if they 're offering you 1 euro = 1 pound ... you 're getting massively ripped off . 
  if you pay with card it 's usually 2-3 % exchange rate . 
  six flags on every lamppost , ca n't burn them quick enough amirite ? 
  i do n't understand why americans are so damn patriotic , irelands history is far more fraught with oppression , plight yadda yadda yadda . 
  we had a war of independence and a civil war within the last 100 years we are somewhat patriotic , possibly more so that most countries in europe but nobody gives a shit if someone burns the irish flag , we just call them a twat and move on with our lives , we do n't have laws against desecrating a piece of cloth or make people sing the national anthem every day and laden on the propaganda in every aspect of schooling and the media . 
  it 's sickening the levels of nationalism the us has . 
  just gon na be real with you , not a good idea to put an irish politician as your pm ... 
  they 'd be duty bound to destroy the uk at all costs . 
  srsly though colorado seems reasonably liberal and cool , i could be wrong though . 
  the state of denial . 
  not sure bout the ginger but i do love me some sweet potato soup . 
  never got the appeal of french onion soup . 
  it 's ok i guess . 
  potato and leak or chicken and vegetable or sweet potato or chowder . 
  we are n't in schengen , and honestly i do n't see any significant advantage to anyone if we joined . 
  you need a plane to get here anyway so meh . 
  football is n't the most popular , 1 - swimming 15 % 2 - golf 12 % 3 - soccer 9 % 4 - cycling 5 % 5 - gaelic football 4 % 6 - hurling 3 % 7 - tennis 3 % 8 - rugby 2 % this might seem weird but soccer , gaelic and hurling and rugby are very much a young man 's sport in ireland , most people would stop playing them when they reach 20 or so . 
  though until then the majority would probably be : gaelic soccer hurling rugby, 
  college age basically or people just out of college like me . 
  least you have norton , we just have a twat commentating . 
  typical ireland though the best of us get snapped up by britain . 
  not at all anymore , we 've all developed a hatred for it in the last 7 or 8 years . 
  viewership dropped from about a million every year to 300k and it 's falling . 
  many people think we should just pull out of the contest . 
  in reality the reason for us hating it is our own fault mainly , we keep sending the worst artists in the damn country , and it got tiring watching our shit songs every year . 
  i could walk down a main street of dublin and most of the buskers would genuinely be better artists than the people we send to eurovision , but sure it does n't look like it 'll improve anytime soon so i 'll keep not watching . 
  space ? 
  6 ' 3 '' definitely is n't 1.96 man ... 
  it 's like 6 ' 5 '' and a bit . 
  does this mean we 're average now ? 
  6 foot 1 ( 185cm ) puts me a bit above average i think . 
  primary school is usually 25-30 . 
  secondary school it entirely depends on the subject . 
  nope , best we ever do for flooding is dig the river deeper near some towns . 
  people are still cunts to each other politically though . 
  they just do n't kill each other much anymore . 
  bullfighting , shit tons of old dudes causing a smog with tobacco smoke watching an incredibly cruel animal rights violation . 
  rest of spain is great though . 
  got threatened at gunpoint by a thai policeman but never had an issue in ireland or the rest of europe . 
  quality plotting right there, 
  nope , then again i 've only needed my irish degree recognised in the uk . 
  hierarchy are very questionable right now too . 
  the average garda is grand though, 
  holy shit , i never would have thought the spanish police tortured people ... 
  and the police did n't have enough resources to monitor the manchester bomber ... 
  if i were a brit id be fucking furious at the tories . 
  that 's our standards now -_- ... trust the police as long as they do n't kill the wrong guy ... america fucks up everyone 's perspective . . 
  i used to but after the shitshow that 's been revealed about the higher ups i would n't say i trust them much ... 
  the average garda on the street however , yeah they 're grand . 
  \u00c9ireannach then , but that 's not what op asked , they asked why i call myself , not what i call myself in my national language . 
  i call myself irish . 
  this does n't really apply in ireland however because even though many of us can speak irish to an ok level , it 's never used in daily life . 
  so there really is n't any advantage per say of an immigrant/tourist in learning the language .
