  like ireland has more to lose than britain here . 
  ohhh yeah that 's fair . 
  hopefully people agree with you . 
  the uk were better than that iraq war . 
  but iraq war . 
  yeah ... 
  but he dragged the uk into an illegal war and gave some legitimacy to the americans invasion . 
  yes nothing to do with the british population at all . 
  pfft this is nothing by british standards , thatcher wanted to station british troops in ireland ( a neutral country ) during the northern irish troubles . 
  she was a psycho though , just ask a scot . 
  yeah , the irish are the masters of understanding accents , 
  the absolute pinnacle . 
  lol, 
  in a battle of words there 's none better , jesus michael d knows how to rip people to shreds , grind them into a paste and spread them on his toast for breakfast . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5owrrjh-pi ), 
  i did miss it hahaha , that was glorious . 
  ... this was a joke . 
  yeah ireland are crap for being multilingual . 
  100 % fluency in one foreign language though ... , 
  no no , he accomplished the goal . 
  ahh we wo n't . 
  the irish get annoyed at how the quality of the songs has gone way downhill , but it 's fun to watch and take the piss out of . 
  every year we vote for the absolute worst entry on purpose ... edit : the thing that pissed all irish people off is that most of the songs are in english , why like ? 
  i 'm watching the eurovision i want to hear different languages . 
  yeah but the women are gorgeous . 
  i do n't know a single irish person who wants being gay to be illegal man ... 
  i mean i was making a comment on the media not the economies but for the reckon britain and ireland have extremely different economies so that 's all horseshit , nobody knows what will happen . 
  irelands trade will suffer initially though , that 's a given . 
  ugh the british media has been fucking atrocious lately , it seems to be more about spinning any story to reassure the public they are n't fucked rather than telling people is simple language what has actually happened . 
  the british economy will continue to preform just as well until britain actually leaves the eu , as in trade tariffs are imposed , i 'm glad the uk economy is doing well now , but reporting that as if brexit is somehow helping the economy is utterly incorrect and very misleading . 
  well it appears that china think they can do whatever they want in the south china sea ... 
  you kinda can , the uk once ran the world and china will run the world in the future ... lol, 
  that 's what china do now but nobody gives a shit about poor tibet . 
  different sinn fein man , you know that , i know that , stop misleading the europeans . 
  the current incarnation of sinn fein was founding in 1970 some 44 years after sinn fein basically ( more or less ) became fianna fail . 
  does that make ireland or the eu the parent ? 
  i fully agree , i 'm just saying it is a challenge to northern ireland remaining in the uk so for the brits who care about that they do have the right to be pissed . 
  but you are right we should n't care too much . 
  i 've got to be honest here man the british have every right to be pissed on this one , it 's at very least a challenge on their territory from outside . 
  i do n't really understand the thinking of announcing this before brexit is complete , it 's more likely to cause harm than good and stir up tensions in ni which nobody needs ,, 
  i do n't understand it either , and fine gael are traditionally the party least in favor of irish reunification , it certainly has never been a priority ... 
  it 's not that we think we can influence the brexit deal to any major extend but if a brexit deal goes against the ammendments made to our constitution through the gfa then our government will be forced to hold a referendum , in which case we can utterly tank the whole deal , then everyone would have to go back to the negotiating table . 
  btw this holds for any country in the eu , and the uk too . 
  ireland just happens to be the country with the closest ties to the uk . 
  it 's not that we think we have influence in the negotiations , simply that we can tank the deal if it fucks us . 
  but yes we know we have little influence in british politics . 
  ahh now , that 's wayy over the top , we 're not going to have a civil war ffs . 
  let ni be ni you mean , only 6 of 9 counties in ulster are in ni . 
  the whole shebang gets held up , negotiations begin again , certain concessions would be made and we would vote again , rinse and repeat until we vote yes i guess . 
  yup , scotland are getting fucked what makes people thing ni will fair any better ... 
  look at you pimping out your women lolol . 
  i will come to portugal soon ( i went when i was young but i wan na see the place properly ) . 
  probably invade ... 
  ahh jesus have the greeks not got enough to worry about ffs . 
  just fuck off turkey and have your dictator trade with the us . 
  yes and no , the problem is that un troops are respected as peacekeepers because they do n't get involved so getting involved in one location can jeopardise all un missions not just one . 
  the un peacekeepers have a fucking awful job and sometimes they simply have to sit by and watch attrocities happen and report back until other armies get involved . 
  the main way peacekeepers prevent things like this from happening is simply their presence , just being their means the eyes of the world are watching and that is a deterrent . 
  but when that breaks down you need a prober army to stop attrocities and un troops are useless . 
  i would n't be surprised , the irish girls do n't really look like that tbh . 
  white as fuck the lot of us ... 
  lol nope look at the russian and estonian girls . 
  let 's assume they win , because obviously , what happens then ? 
  it 's just going to be like the un calling iraq an illegal war . 
  sitting at 50 % in the polls and more than double labour , if i were her i 'd sit back and say nothing . 
  no way this petition will work . 
  a hurl is a hurley ( used in the sport of hurling , best sport in the world  ) and it hurts like a motherfucker , it 's like being hit with a golf club . 
  pfft i 've a arsenal of hurls . 
  i thought we were doing wayyyy worse, 
  i wonder what a depiction of james connolly strapped to a chair because he could n't stand and shot dead by firing squad would look like on a coin ? 
  -_- , fuck , you 're right wheyyyy 100 % lads . 
  we win !!, 
  in fairness the royal family are german and inbred . 
  ca n't argue there . 
  the other stuff is a long shot though , you 're right about that . 
  what is with all the british people with glass hearts on this sub ? 
  i 've never known the brits to be so sensitive , you guys are quickly becoming as easy to trigger as us irish . 
  irish person here , the other countries in the eu really need to get wifi on all public transport and have free wifi in shops , restaurants and cafes . 
  i know it seems stupid when you have data , but travelers do n't and wifi is a lifesaver for travelers . 
  i could n't believe when i went traveling and could n't find wifi in public , it was such a pain . 
  bahahah , yeah we really need a country headed for civil war ... fuck of erdogan . 
  if we got more than 5 % i 'd be astonished . 
  look at ireland go ... whoo, 
  this is one graph i 'm pretty glad ireland is n't on ... 
  it means she 's taking a 2 week break from dealing with party shit so she can do more interviews and campaigning . 
  lol, 
  80 's aint 10 years ago ... 
  it 's definitely going to come to it at some stage soon . 
  pictures of aborted fetus 's are inevitable , they 'll release videos of late term abortions gone wrong too . 
  it could very very easily fail . 
  the gay marriage referendum was seen as an anti discrimination referendum . 
  the abortion referendum is completely different , it 'll be asking a still very religious country whether they would like to legalise something they are incredibly uncomfortable with and the church is massively against . 
  i always have faith in the irish people to make the right decision on vitally important issues but this is probably going to become an extremely ugly campaign , i expect the pro-life side to release ads showing aborted fetus 's and release videos of late term abortion procedures . 
  i like this one . 
  from ireland , i know a number of people who lost loved ones via terrorism . 
  my grandmother was kidnapped by the ira ffs . 
  it 's not nonchalant , it 's prudent and rational . 
  ... like us , 
  ignoring it is one of the best ways to combat terrorism actually . 
  terrorists commit these acts because they want the exposure and they want the population to be scared enough to vote for right wing parties that stop migration thereby increasing th number of people who want to join terrorist groups in whatever country they are active in .
