  forgot scots and irish , romans could n't even conquer us ( not that they tried particularly hard but still ), 
  i had thought so too . 
  maybe it 's a separate course for non native speakers . 
  i feel like irish should be on this ? 
  there are lots of irish people in britain , at least enough to make it onto this pretty comprehensive list . 
  quick way to kill your tourism industry america ... 
  damn that graph even surprised me . 
  ireland is below basically everyone in western/central europe bar spain and portugal . 
  ohh well we 're basically stuck with this economic strategy so i guess we 'd better get used to the disparity . 
  i think you read that sentence more precisely than i intended which is really my fault but it is reddit man , i actually just meant if ireland had a 20 % corporate tax rate but all the same industry it would get more money . 
  i was n't considering the nature or the profitability of the industries ireland attracts . 
  nor did i mean that corporate tax rates have a direct relationship to public expenditure , rather that tax revenue is an important consideration for government budgets . 
  i was grossly simplifying cos reddit , i did word it very clunkily however and you synopsis is far more correct yes . 
  i thought you lot hated immigrants ? 
  nah , we 'll stick with the last 6 counties . 
  i 'm going to do a masters a imperial college london , fees are subsidized by the british and eu taxpayer ... how does that make you feel ? 
   edit : i can hear his reeeeeeeeeeeeeee from across the irish sea :p . 
  true they 're somewhat separate . 
  actually it 's very possible , it is ireland after all , when did we ever plan anything properly ? 
  lol also not that this is decriminalisation for personal use , that just means people wo n't be arrested for doing coke in a club or whatever ( which pretty much is already the garda policy anyway ) . 
  it 's very rare anyone ever get arrested for personal use as long as they are n't doing other illegal stuff too or selling drugs . 
  they really are n't just a relic , it 's a societal opinion too , people want to loosen the laws slightly now but iirc only about 13 % support abortion laws like in england or america . 
  abortion is such a weird topic in ireland , very few people would be comfortable with the uk laws , but very few people want it illegal in the cases of rape , incest etc like it currently is . 
  every country has a topic where they are conservative on , it 's abortion for ireland . 
  it used to be about the catholic church but to be honest it 's a societal opinion too . 
  anyone else worried about a civil war in turkeys future ? 
  you are right , in terms of gdp ireland is very high , i do n't deny that . 
  i was just pointing out that this map could provide a skewed perception of what ireland is like . 
  10 years ago everyone was rich as fuck though ( or at least spending like they were ) . 
  getting there , although at the moment being able to rent anything whatsoever is the problem . 
  i 'd like to note that ireland 's gdp per capita is heavily effected by multinationals setting up shell companies here ( which has a huge effect given our small population ) . 
  we are n't all that loaded in truth , more or less the same as people in england would be . 
  average wage would be 37k euro . 
  which is high enough but nothing like the 50k per capita gdp . 
  edit : it is also important to note that since we have such low corporation taxes ( 12.5 % ) to attract all these pharma companies and electronics companies etc , we do n't get as big a share of the gdp going into public expenditure as elsewhere in europe . 
  gdp per capita is just one of those measures that does n't really work for ireland . 
  uae at # 2 ? 
  finland seems nice though . 
  you get annoyed easily man . 
  [ national library of ireland in dublin ] ( http://www.dhr.ie/wp-content/uploads/culture-night-nli.jpg ), 
  it 's just slow progress , ireland is starting to give the middle finger to the catholic church on state matters and it 's driving us forwards . 
  but certain things are just politically hard to deal with . 
  like abortion . 
  the good friday thing was kept for so long because nobody really gave a shit and used it as a day to have a massive piss up . 
  i like to think our presidents are a true reflection of how progressive ireland is ( even if they have fuck all power ) . 
  and the last three have been very progressive labour presidents . 
  wonderful / s, 
  the us regularly uses it 's veto power in the interests of it 's military allies . 
  so does russia and china . 
  it 's not his supporters who are worried , is anyone who is even slightly critical . 
  revoking someones residency permits because of how they voted in a foreign election ? 
  that sounds like a terrible idea . 
  you 're up next france , please stop this madness . 
  the us would instantly veto any attempt by the un to have international observers oversee turkish elections . 
  unstamped ballots are valid ... how does anyone buy this shit ? 
  i looked into it it is more expensive for non residents because their ancestry needs to be examined , it costs the irish taxpayer nothing , they system is run on the cost of the passports . 
  there is a huge delay in obtaining passports though which is shitting for irish people who need to go abroad . 
  are you mental ? 
  fair enough it might be safer than the rest of syria but compared to european cities ? 
  you ca n't be serious ... 
  ahh yes aleppo , paris and berlin are exactly the same right now , save yourself man , no point in putting yourself in danger of being bombed by drones while walking about the dangerous streets of dusseldorf . 
  possibly i do n't know what the current policies are , i would certainly want it to be cost neutral anyway . 
  yup , that 's my stance anyway and i 'm fairly moderate . 
  cost to maintain embassies and to make a passport as well as other administration costs , it 'd all be fine if we brought in a new higher price for passports of non residents though . 
  true , i mean lots of brits barely know they exist though . 
  populous leader who uses religioun as a crutch to gain unquestionable power ... real revolutionary . 
  i 'd refuse right now . 
  might as well tell me to go to north korea as far as i 'm concerned , when the president is railing against foreigners and there are instances of his supporters assaulting foreigners because of his rhetoric i do n't want to go there . 
  i like you , you can take a joke . 
  thats a perfectly fair opinion to have i would however postulate that the only irish citizens who vote in british elections are those who have settled there and the only reason they have not become british citizens is because they do n't have to under current law . 
  like all the students o young people who might study or work in the uk do n't vote because they do n't see it as their place to have an opinion in british politics . 
  and they 'd still have to go through an ordeal of registering i presume . 
  actually it 's not all that likely that irish people in the uk would have voted to remain as most tend to be older and they tended to vote out . 
  honestly man irish people and british people are so damn similar in their views it 's unreal . 
  granted there are some difference , but the eu is a lot better for ireland than it was for britain and that 's why it 's so popular here , that popularity does n't transfer so readily to the irish settled in the uk , their concern is what 's best for the country they live in not the country they 're from , they 're not going to like if someone is anti irish but brexit was n't that , it may have negative effects on ireland but thats a secondary of tertiary concern to the uk irish . 
  and honestly man you 'd be surprised at how many british people avail of the ability to live , work and vote in ireland too . 
  also the common travel area between ireland and the eu is external to the eu , so it really was n't a concern for the irish , our concern is northern ireland and trade tariffs , both of which we are actually more or less on your side in the negotiations , we 'll certainly be advocating for the lowest possible tarrifs where france and other eu nations would want to hurt the uk . 
  in so many ways irish interests are the same as uk interests in this whole ordeal . 
  i would never agree with brexit , but it 's certainly a lot more understandable for britain to leave the eu than it would be ireland . 
  i agree , it is a win win , the issue lots of irish people have is that you wo n't be contributing to ireland in any way for the privilege . 
  if you were to live in ireland and pay taxes here nobody would begrudge you a passport , but having one with absolutely no intention to every even come to ireland seems like devaluing our own citizenship . 
  but i 'll be paying eu fees and getting an english loan for studying in london next year so it 's all good both ways to me . 
  whilst maintaining all the rights of uk citizens when living in the uk ... lolol , the irish strike again muahaha edit : to be fair british people maintain all the rights of irish citizens in ireland too , just not elsewhere in the eu . 
  you sound like a right cunt . 
  your ancestor was irish and availed of the cta between ireland and britain but now you want to shut that down for future generations ? 
  there are 14 million people in the uk that have irish ancestry , thats why ireland and the uk have such good relations , also you know that british people can live and work in ireland too and have all the same rights as the irish is britain do ? 
  why ? 
  because apart from history there is sweet fuck all differences between us . 
  irish citizenship is actually very valuable now that britain left the eu , we 're the only people with freedom of travel and work in both the eu and the uk , and that 's why british people want the passport now . 
  on their right to the irish passport i actually agree with you that they are just taking advantage of their right that has now become advantageous . 
  i 'm reasonably ok with that , i do however want the cost of the passport to cover all the costs of producing it for non residents . 
  irish citizens have exactly the same rights as uk citizens have once they live there for a few years . 
  ohh and by the way ireland will likely be a very good influence withing the eu for britain during the brexit negotiations so i 'd really change your opinion of the irish government pretty snappily . 
  well i would n't go so far as to say britain is third world now ... 
  i only watch the odd game these days but i 'm always frustrated by how the basic things like passing and staying alert tend to be our downfalls . 
  also playing too much in our own half instead of pushing forward more . 
  syria too , i just do n't feel like supporting the locals with my tourist money , has absolutely nothing to do with being scared as shit of dying on a trip there . 
  boycott ? 
  i think it 's more that we 're all scared as shit of going there now . 
  we are n't thinking about economically hurting turkey merely saving ourselves from getting jailed or assaulted by erdogans cronies .
