  i cooked ( probably butchered ) coq au vin this evening to celebrate . 
  have some wine and nice food to celebrate ya legends . 
  well done france , now starts the hard work of turning that 35 % over to your side . 
  it 's absolutely covered in sheep shit lads . 
  well yes , but this is my country and i understand the law here much better , the law works in different ways in ireland , lots of grey areas , that are technically breaking the law but nobody cares and you wo n't be prosecuted . 
  this is speculation , nobody has confirmed this , the guy could just be a cunt . 
  actually even if he is just looking to change the law it 's still a massively dickish thing to report stephen fry , fry never agreed to be a figurehead in an irish political movement . 
  nobody has ever been prosecuted , the laws were deliberately made difficult to prove in order to nullify the law , blasphemy was in our constitution from 1937 but when it came around to holding a referendum to change it the government at the time was deeply deeply unpopular and were worried the referendum would be rejected as a protest vote so they mad the existing blasphemy law un-prosecutable . 
  it should have been taken off the books but when the issue came up the country was in turmoil and so a different solution was found . 
  stephen fry is n't in any trouble , the media are just sensationalistic as usual . 
  * tending to my burns with aloe vera *, 
  best reason to vote for labour i 've ever seen . 
  i have to hand it to greenpeace ( whom i generally see as too much ) , this is a pretty good protest . 
  no , it is n't . 
  how are british citizens not really british ? 
  what are you on mate ? 
  2007 crash , we discovered everything had been deregulated and our economy ballooned from 4 % to 15 % . 
  everyone 's wages had to be slashed and taxes had to go up to get us out of the mess . 
  it was very bad . 
  not convinced that applies here tbh man . 
  so basically he 's saying people with less money to spend on hotels and first class flights are uncultured and therefore are ruining the cities they travel to ... 1st class cunt, 
  250k british citizens live in ireland , you wan na cut the cord on them ? 
  300k irish citizens living in the uk for the record . 
  needless to say the special treatment of citizens works both ways , but fuck us right ? 
  proposed it to garrett fitzgerald and he flipped his shit . 
  ... well he gave her a bollocking . 
  only people i 've ever seen bring it up is brits on this sub hahah, 
  i 've seen an estimate of 32 million ... :'( . 
  i laughed . 
  nah mate , everyone in ireland fucking hates her . 
  she was a complete cunt to garret fitzgerald and her `` solution '' to the troubles was to place british troops in ireland , not northern ireland , ireland . 
  she was a cunt . 
  this . 
  on * my bad, 
  the irish in britain predominantly vote for the lib dems or labour . 
  it 's just a long established distrust of the tories . 
  also irish politics really does n't come down to left and right , both major parties are almost identical in terms of policies , the only difference is fianna fail are the corrupt populists , and fine gael are the no so corrupt party that are anti-populists . 
  the only left wing politics we have are the coalition parties and sinn fein ( who are basically the united ireland version of ukip , they only really have one goal ) . 
  irish politics is very much local politics on a national scale , fianna fail are the masters of local politics so they are usually the party in government ( unless they royally fuck up , like recently ) . 
  i do n't like them at all , but i do n't mind 10 ish story buildings that have an interesting architectural design . 
  you know you 're unpopular when you 're doing political interviews with a racist tech reviewer with a youtube channel ... 
  relax man , nobody actually gives a shit anymore . 
  we half wish we could , unfortunately the nature of our trade with the uk and cultural and administrative links to northern ireland make this utterly impossible . 
  it definitely is n't , we passed it pretty resoundingly ( 67:33 ) on the second vote after some fairly minor revisions . 
  some people seem to think that we were completely ignored and we never gave our consent . 
  most of the reason people voted no on the first referendum is because most people did n't know/understand what they were actually voting on . 
  reason for rejecting the lisbon treaty percentage do n't understand / not familiar 40 % protect irish identity 20 % do n't trust politicians/govt policies 17 % protect neutrality 10 % keep commissioner 10 % protect tax system 8 % in the end all that changed on the 2nd vote was people were better informed and some lip service was made to our neutrality . 
  the irish people get on very well with most british people and we regard them as our closest friends . 
  the british government however is about as popular in ireland as abortion is in the vatican . 
  fuck off farage , you have no friends . 
  one treaty vs 800 years ... hmm . 
  i really ca n't decide . 
  this is true but i did n't really mean that france represented the eu on the sc , rather that the common ideals of the eu are represented indirectly through frances seat ( whats good for france is good for the eu type deal ) . 
  it 's hard to argue that germany should have a seat but not india or indonesia or brazil etc. 
  though . 
  kinda but it would n't be fair to blame anyone but ourselves for that the catholic church is all our own fault . 
  we let them gain complete power over the country instead of maintaining some minimum level of secularity . 
  i get the feeling the church got a start when gay marriage was legalised and now they 're actively trying to re-establish control over ireland again . 
  but it wo n't work , so many people fucking loath the church , especially the young . 
  it 'll take another 10-20 years but ireland will eventually lash out at the church and seize their property as payment for all the church abuse scandals that has not been paid ( the idea is already picking up momentum ) . 
  militarily , no significant difference , the eu still has france on the un security council and france has nuclear weapons , plus there are plenty of big armies in the eu . 
  and besides there is a good chance britain will continue to engage in eu military cooperation when all is said and done . 
  apart from that the eu loses one big economy which is far from good , but britain is n't in the eurozone so it 's not a disaster . 
  the eu will probably become more efficient and effective in britains wake , they kind of have to to avoid a brexit repeat . 
  it does n't it would be economic suicide . 
  ireland will just veto any and all attempts at tax harmonization so quite frankly all this stuff tax harmonisation is just bullshit that france and germany have been trying to get fro years because it helps them at the expense of smaller nations in the eu , it has never really been anything more than bullying . 
  ireland will veto it every time , it would be political suicide for any government of ireland to not veto that shit . 
  that loophole was closed in 2015 . 
  pretty much yeah, 
  i thought it was n't meant to be finished for another 20-30 years tho, 
  it 's a diplomatic tool , they only lend pandas to countries that they do deals with/want something from , pandas are entirely native to china so the only way a zoo can get one is through china . 
  and they can be taken back at any time . 
  also china has the rights to all offspring . 
  when you see prices on the menu how can you possibly assume it 's included ? 
  just gon na weigh in here lads , ireland is less likely to leave the eu than germany . 
  we fucking love the eu boys and a very large part of our national identity is as europeans . 
  also ireland does n't really vote like britain , we 're a very politically moderate nation and right wing groups do n't garner any real support here . 
  if ireland was going to side with britain , we would have already done so , but that was n't even contemplated . 
  ireland has problems with the church , apart from that we 're a pretty solid bunch of lads . 
  do n't the brits also have separate taps ? 
  i wan na go to greece now . . 
  nope europe put forward a standard negotiating position and a bill for things the uk have already entered legal agreements to fund . 
  britain ( tory 's ) are the ones mouthing off trying to turn people against the eu so that they 'll vote for the ones who appear to be standing up to them ( tories ) . 
  it 's all a ploy for may to make the british people think she can achieve the impossible in the brexit negotiations . 
  problem is ... she ca n't and she 's pissing off a whole lot of people in europe who otherwise just wanted a decent deal that works for both parties . 
  of course this question would come from an irish lad . 
  i agree , kenny gets so much shit back home when in reality he 's been one of the best taoiseachs we 've ever had . 
  certainly in the last 20 years . 
  i have mad respect for the man even though i generally do n't agree with his party 's politics , i reckon fine gael will nose dive once kenny is replaced by either coveney or the lucifer himself . 
  man if you 're gay in chechnya i hope you 're making plans to move . 
  reallocation costs will never be paid , some of the bills already agreed upon will be paid until 2023ish timeframe and the eu citizens in britain will probably be given a decade or two to obtain british citizenship , recent immigrants might be sent packing . 
  this is an unattainable position ... why do i wish david cameron was still in charge ? 
  i did n't like him and brexit is his fault but at least he was somewhat competent and realistic . 
  it 's going to work though , it 's such an easy thing to do in a country that just voted against the eu . 
  problem is if may actually follows through with some of the stuff she 's saying britain will be in for some serious problems . 
  no trade deal with the eu is a disaster for britain , a country that does n't produce anywhere near enough food required to feed its population . 
  they 'll have to import food from far afield like canada and america which will inevitably be more expensive and worse quality . 
  britain ca n't afford to isolated themselves from all of their neighbours like that . 
  it 'd be a nightmare . 
  more our problem man .
