  final h is taken as silent . 
  weird though because we normally soften the end of a word by default . 
  i walk , quickly , around people , if it 's quicker i 'll walk on the road to get around people or cross the road if there are slow walkers ahead ... 
  most irish people walk like this , especially those from the countryside ... nevrt wait for the pedestrian crossing to go green , just cross when the road is free ... 
  i 've been given out to for jaywalking in singapore and germany ... hahah, 
  i love misty drizzle , i used to play a lot of golf and that 's when you can shoot some great scores , ball sticks on the green so you just take direct aim at the flag ... great weather , love a bit of dew in the morning too . 
  heavy rain is a pain in the arse though . 
  10c , bit cold and rainy today , has been about 15-20 for the past few weeks though ... got up to 28 in dublin last week ... crazy hot for ireland . 
  aran islands i guess , islands of the west coast of ireland with a few hundred inhabitants between them ... ehh yeah , they 're islands like , quite nice , but a small town on each island like , that 's the thing about ireland , there is a town every 5-10 miles all over the country , those towns range from 10 houses , a church and a pub up to 50000 or so people in big towns ... bear grylls once did an episode in ireland , it 's was a complete piss take , all he had to do was walk along the coast in either direction for 20 minutes and he 'd have found a house , an hour and he 'd have found a town ... 
  i once absent mindedly stood on the left going onto the underground ... never again ... 
  ya 'll can be some vicious fuckers lolol . 
  chicken fillet roll and jumbo breakfast roll man ... that 's our version of street food . 
  probably not something to be proud of but sure fuck it . . 
  chicken fillet roll and the jumbo breakfast roll ... 
  right so you get a shitty foot long baguette that would leave any frenchman right pissed the fuck off , then you get a breaded chicken fillet , either plain or spicy ( well kinda ) you slice it up , and then you get some toppings , i usually just get lettuce and tomato , but some people get cheese , some get onions , some get potato salad some get coleslaw , sweet corn , you get the idea , my ex used to get coleslaw and cheese with a hot chicken fillet ... 
  i gaged every time i saw it ... 
  probably a contributing factor to us breaking up ... 
  they wrap the roll up for you and you go pay 3 euro for it ( on average ) and that 's lunch sorted ... for breakfast we have the jumbo breakfast roll ... 
  so this time you start off with the same shitty supermarket baguette , put a bit of tomato sauce on it , add two sausages ( sliced down the middle , two rashers , two black puddings , two white puddings , an egg ( fried or poached , sometimes two eggs ) and two hash browns , some people get mushrooms and there are variations but this is the standard , wrap it up and pay 4 euro for your 1000 calorie breakfast ... 
  it 's a fry up in a roll effectively ... yeah , not a good idea to stick to this type of diet , but if you 're in a rush , it 's the easiest thing that 'll fill you up and 90 % of shops sell them ... of course if you 're in dublin , you can get whatever you want , kebabs , burritos , etc etc. . . 
  ireland : your niece has been there , stood in the middle of the road/path with all her friends yapping away in spanish stopping everyone in the city from getting to college/work on time ... damned spaniards , great craic when you 're not blocking the f ** k 'n road ... 
  fuck it the brit answered so i will to , ehh no , you 'd obviously have just moved from a different country to ireland and so would be recieving loads of extra language classes in school ... not your fault if your parents moved you to a different country without knowing the language ... that said it would be incredibly difficult to make friends without any english and you 'd have to focus all your efforts on learning before friendships could prosper . 
  having vegetable gardens is pretty big in the uk , slightly less so in ireland ... and i have no clue about the rest of europe , though i suspect it 's pretty popular in italy and spain , and possibly greece ? 
  for instance we do n't really do the growing thing much in my house but we still huave some herb bushes , some potato patches and some apple and peach trees . 
  other years we had carrots and turnips , but they take more effort so we stopped . 
  our neighbours grow rhubarb and we trade with them , and there are loads of blackberry bushes in the fields around my house . 
  i 'd say when work gets less busy we 'll start doing a lot more gardening that we currently do , we have plenty of space to grow stuff , just not arsed at the moment . 
  `` republic or ireland '' , it 's just ireland . 
  `` republic of ireland '' is the official description , not the official name , which is \u00c9ire or ireland . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable to use roi when there is a particular need to distinguish between us and northern ireland but otherwise just ireland is correct . 
  somebody 's been to r/ireland ... 
  3 upvotes is pretty standard here . 
  ahh go on , gwan gwan gwan gwan ... gwan gwan gwan gwan, 
  that would be an ecumenical matter . 
  yes , very ... love indian food ... 
  dunno , do n't care ... 
  i 'm 23 , still in education , i suppose i 'd be the most highly educated of everyone so far but people are only starting their careers now . 
  taken is the liam neeson movie you chose ? 
  lol . 
  yes , gaeltachts in ireland , where students go learn irish during the summer . 
  technically produced by a uk network but pretty much everyone involved is irish and it was shot in ireland , you do n't get more quintessentially irish than father ted . 
  everything ... the catholic church was given everything , they still hold ownership of most schools and nearly every hospital , priests are on almost every school board ... obviously they do n't pay tax , but they also get paid tons of money by the state to rent land for x , y and z. . . 
  they owe hundreds of millions to the victims of child abuse which they refuse to pay , even though it was a sweetheart deal given to them by the government in the first place ... lots of people in ireland want to seize church land and properties and reparation for this debt and the many other church abuses throughout our history , and ban clergy from serving of school or hospital boards . 
  problem is ceasing church land like that is n't really legal and there would be a ton of obstacles , so basically we 're stuck with them ... and land is so expensive in the city nowadays that the only way the government can afford to build new hospitals and schools is by renting church land . 
  ahh , people live together before getting married but generally get married a few years after they move in together . 
  occasionally you hear someone refer to punts ( irish pounds ) . 
  it 's pretty rare though , i only vaguely remember what a punt looked like and do n't know the value of stuff in punts ... even the older people are more likely to talk about shillings than punts for some reason . 
  i think people just like the euro here ... 
  lol ... 
  bunch of nutcases up north ... 
   uk + irl should have their own color . 
  nah , if you get a different colour , we 're definitely getting a different colour . 
  still waiting for season 3 episode 2 ... 
  polish ( 22 % of immigrants ) , british ( 21 % ) , lithuanians ( 7 % ) , latvians and nigerians ( 4 % ) , then loads of others ... 
  i do n't care where people are from to be honest . 
  just more people to me . 
  nigerians tend to attract some racism from some people ( cough taxi drivers cough ) . 
  but irish people do n't tend to be xenophobic ... racist as fuck towards travellers ( gypsies ) though ... 
  couple times a year i see a kebab shop ... 
  your friend tells you when he gets rimjobs ? 
  ehh i dunno not particularly , i 've only ever heard people talking about brazilian students in the context of what nightclubs they pack up in dublin on certain nights . 
  occasionally we refer to them as bazillions , because they go to clubs in massive groups ... 
  i 've only even met brazilians who are students , never met an older brazilian person in ireland . 
  i looked it up and apparently brazilians received 22 % of residence permits ( visas ) in 2014 , ca n't find the numbers for other years but i 'd say they 'd be the same , more or less . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of families too but most seem to come to study . 
  honestly though , i think brazilians fit in amazingly well in ireland , i 've never heard a single complaint really , ye seem to be quite similar to us irish . 
  none , dublin is n't like american cities , it 's too old and all the buildings are small . 
  the people who come to ireland , grand , mostly students . 
  the country ? 
  mixture between lively energetic people with a wonderful approach to life , and a country riddled with corruption , crime and and insane amount of murders . 
  have a big film industry , that 's it tbh, 
  yeah , matthew barrett has sweet fuck all influence i 'd say , enda 's wife was often referred to as his `` secret weapon '' ... dunno how much she actually did though . 
  wife of the president has no power whatsoever . 
  yeah , it 'd be advisable for spain not to pull that shit , i think they just want assurances gibraltar wo n't become a tax haven on their shores though ... 
  on national tv ? 
  notoriously bad , ca n't be offending all the catholic grannies after all ... elsewhere ? 
  pretty good . 
  yeah , mostly wikipedia , though i occasionally read some books . 
  it 's a violation of the good friday agreement , specifically the part where the uk government committed to `` rigorous impartiality '' with regard to the nationalist and unionist parties and communities in northern ireland ... 
  the dup are the most partisan , most unionist , most loyalist party in northern ireland ... and may has agreed to essentially go into power and cooperate with them ... that 's hardly impartial . 
  money for northern ireland is good though , i dunno if it 's worth the possible repercussions though , sinn fein have already come out against this deal and the irish government have advised may against it ... cross your fingers and pray the dup do n't start pushing their luck ... because if they start doing dumb shit like putting up british flags and uvf flags everywhere and scheduling loads of orange order marches the nationalist community will go mad , riots will ensue . 
  i would n't be hopeful though , the dup are an awfully bigoted lot ... 
  non existent , fancy new offices might have it but really there is no point in ireland , it hardly ever goes above 20c here anyway . 
  i 'm grand now thanks ... ireland is only getting good ... 
  yes , of course i trust irish people more , i understand them better , i know what makes them tick i can anticipate what they 'll do , they work under the same moral code i do and do n't have the differences i would expect from someone from another culture ... 
  it 's like asking me if i trust my family more than my neighbours ... course i do ... 
  annnd ireland has the most people living in houses as opposed to flats ... we like our houses . 
  ireland ... 100 % ... fuck apartments , i want a house in the countryside . 
  2 parents need to work pretty much anywhere in the world nowdays to have that sort of lifestyle . 
  unless one gets a particularly good job . 
  if you have another week off work , split the money between two weeks , 1000 pounds is plenty of money to travel around for 2 weeks . 
  yes , that 's plenty , just stay in normal hotels instead of super expensive ones , but i 've traveled around europe on less than 300 a week, 
  in ireland absolutely . 
  ca n't really speak too much for the rest of europe , but i reckon the average brit would know too . 
  exchange rates , no . 
  i have no idea what a mexican peso is worth , i know a canadian dollar is worth a bit less than a us dollar . 
  exactly , i 'm going to study at imperial college london , this september , i still pay eu fees due to brexit not having happened yet ... one thing brexit doesnt change is the uk 's fantastic universities , reputation wise at least , cos i 'll be outta there before the shit hits the fan with funding . 
  genoa , award winning ice cream place in the old town near the hostel i stayed at . 
  nothing compares . 
  donegal , in english and irish .
