  you as in trump , not u/adevland, 
  nah , that just makes you look like a retard who did n't do their homework before making a massive decision . 
  there 's nothing complicated about trumps presidency ... 
  he 's just a moron . 
  i too would want florida submerged . 
  61 % of finns thinking i should be naked in the sauna ... ffs finland . 
   ... that one idiot politician ? 
  yup , that 's definitely a school of thought however there are various levels of irish and you only have to pass the one you choose , so if you 're crap t it you can do an easy test . 
  also the same rule applies to maths , and possibly english ( not sure though ) . 
  it 's such a difficult balancing act because on one hand if we are to revive the language we need to force people to learn it ( because very few would choose irish instead of a second european language , because they a are both much easier and much more useful ) but on other hand plenty of people just find irish incredibly difficult and do n't want to learn it so forcing them is kind of unfair when their talents may lie elsewhere . . just for some context there are three levels of the core subjects in ireland , higher level , ordinary level a d foundation level ... higher level is a decent standard , ordinary is significantly easier and the vast majority of people would have no issue passing an ordinary level exam and foundation is basically for people with learning disabilities or those who have called massively behind in school ( like 5 years behind ) . 
  also if you have dislexia or another certain other diagnosed issues you can get exemptions from irish . 
  finally if you enter the irish school system after the age of 8 or 9 you do n't have to do irish ( though you could catch up to that level fairly easily if you were an ok student . 
  it 's not too unfair , the main issue is irish is taught very badly in schools , primary school teachers are supposed to have a very good level of irish and much get decent grades in irish to become a teacher but do n't receive enough training or something because most neglect irish and even more do n't speak any in class , rather just put down words to learn to spell ( that 's all i learned for 8 years ) . 
  then you get to secondary school and get thrown in at the deep end with grammer ( which is particularly bad and you have no real reference of having spoken the language to learn effectively . 
  so people just end up giving up and focusing on different subjects and just trying to pass irish . 
  in most schools there would be one honours irish class for every two ordinary level classes . 
  it 's depressing to think about really , the whole thing needs to be reformed to fit a model like how europeans learn english in school , but that would probably involve a huge undertaking of retraining teachers which the department of education shy away from , so recently it 's just been crap incremental reforms that do n't really help . 
  you left your autistic child upstairs and he 's been screaming and hurling his own feces at the wall ever since ... 
  sadly we have tried desperately to save the language , but nothing has worked so far , it 's really not an easy problem to solve at all , and the problem has unintentionally been exacerbated by the influx of immigrants , because we ca n't expect them to learn two languages when coming to ireland , one is hard enough ( yes those who move here before age 8 are still required to learn irish , but their parents and elder siblings are n't ) . 
  i should clarify that nobody blames them , it just makes it more difficult to legislate to promote irish anymore than we have already done , because government must represent the whole population . 
  i dunno , i hope irish has more of a revival , plenty of people are sending their children to gaelscoileanna ( schools taught through irish ) and this is a rising trend so hopefully in a few years we 'll start to see an increase in irish speakers . 
  loads has been done , it 's been a priority of the government since we became a free state , it 's mandatory to learn irish from age 5 to when you leave school , if you fail irish you fail all your exams , gaeltachts have been protected and get grant money from the government ... every signpost in the country is in both english and irish , every government document in the country is produced in irish and english , if you wa n't to speak irish and only irish you are protected by law , police are required to converse with you in irish , get another policeman who can or let you go , when dealing with a government official you must be provided with an employee who speaks irish or a translator ... but the problem is , this is very very rare because it 's a pain in the arse for both parties , it takes longer for the irish speaker when they could always just speak english and get stuff done quickly and for the official it 's a massive pain too . 
  unfortunately , irish is steadily declining and has been steadily declining since 1860 , before which it drastically declined lol ... 
  nothing the government has done so far has helped , even the 40 years or so where you had to be fluent to graduate secondary school ( in those days people rarely completely schooling up to age 17-18 , rather left early ) . 
  it 's just incredibly difficult to save a language that is n't needed to converse with anyone in the country and trying to speak it excludes a huge amount of people , not least of whom are all the recent immigrants , who had to learn english when they moved here , learning irish too just so we can be awkward and insist on speaking irish is too much to ask ... 
  sad thing is english is the language we use in ireland , and as much as many of us like irish and want to use it , it 's just not practical . 
  middle ages ? ... 
  dafuc are you talking about ? 
  it was the cromwellian conquest , the plantations and the penal laws that did the damage , so 1650ish to 1800 was when ireland moved from a gaelic speaking country to a predominantly english speaking one , after that the famine hit gaeltacht areas particularly hard and that further reduced the number of irish speakers dramatically to like 25 % and it 's been declining slowly ever since , by 1926 it was 18 % and now it 's somewhere between 2 % ( fluent and use irish every day ) to 30 % ( second language ) . 
  in real number the amount of irish speakers has actually tripled , problem is the level of irish people have and the frequency they use it has dropped dramatically . 
  kids were beaten if they spoke irish , not english , and its worth noting that the penal laws prevented the education of any irish catholic for 80-90 years and all business had to be conducted through english by law , so people were forced to move to english , and 90 years is a fair few generations with no reason to have two languages , so by the end most people simple only spoke english or spoke english and irish . 
  britain : * smashes priceless vase * ireland : dafuc man ? 
  britain : well fix it then . 
  ireland : do n't think it 's possible to fix . 
  britain : take responsibility for your own failures . 
  it dampens the entire economy , wages are n't increased ( a cut in real terms when you consider inflation ) , people have less money , so borrowing rises/people ca n't afford to save as much as they used to . 
  goddamn dutch , beating everyone to the line . 
  this . 
  was looking at germany and it took me too long to realise it was split by province ... 
  well in fairness they 've had austerity for a good few years now , it 's not like they 've just been irresponsible . 
  i can only view the second ... 
  aye , but everyone knows italy is really two countries , rich north and poor south . 
  apparently none of this will apply to irish citizens , they 're keeping the whole common travel area and treated like british citizens thing going ... 
  score , i ehh mean , ehh , i feel terribly sorry for my eu brethern for their misfortune ... :p, 
  takes time to bring countries up to western europe levels of prosperity , the eu sets the groundwork , invests in infrastructure and gives countries access to the single market so they can grow their economy , eventually , these countries will reach a comparable level of prosperity and indoor plumbing and heating will become more universal . 
  you have to remember poland was part of ussr until 1989 , only joined the eu in 2004 , there simply has n't been enough time for poland to pull itself up to western european standards yet , it 'll happen eventually though , they 're quickly becoming germany 2.0 . 
  other eastern european countries are in similar if not even more disadvantaged situations . 
  ireland do n't have great roads once you get into the countryside and we make up for it by being shit drivers, 
  how the fuck does syria still have population growth ? 
  huh , it 's been warm but rainy in meath all day ... 
  except it 's been dull and rainy all day ... lol ... 
  the forecast was wrong ... 
  jimmies have been rustles ... 
  already calling my mate to get some surface to air missiles ... 
  waking up in krakow at 6am with a sore neck after you got 30 minutes sleep after spending the night on a train drinking ... you stumble off the train , reluctantly drag your massive bag along the ground to the nearest atm to get some local moneyz while one moany prick in the group wo n't shut up about not sleeping ... then quickly head to the nearest restaurant for a glorious massive breakfast for 3 euro and by 8am you 're ordering a long island ice tea to start the day off right ... you show up drunk to the hostel at 1pm and check in , crash for an hour or two then head out to walk around the city and be a decent functioning tourist ... then you head back to the hostel at 8 after some dinner , meet other travellers who quickly become your best friend no matter how weird they are and you drink the night away , get approached by strip club promoters and drug dealers all night , then somehow you end up in kfc at 4am with some gay aussie chap hitting on you while you try to eat your chicken burger ... 
  i want to do this again ... :'( . 
  have n't had a comic accepted by them yet ... keep saying that they do n't meet the rules but most of the comics there do n't meet their stupid rules ... ugh ... love the comics but the mods are dicks . 
  horrible horrible ads on tv and by the pro-life side . 
  like my mother when i talk about drug legalisation ... wo n't even listen to the arguments ... 
  yes everything europe does is because of trump ... / s, 
  did he not get re-elected ? 
  judging by the documentation about the block being a fire risk i 'd say this will cause public outrage . 
  they called his dad pakistani ... indians wont be happy . 
  would n't it be funny if the tories ditched may and put cameron back as pm ... 
  next year ... referendum , vote on it . 
  ireland in a nutshell , most of the time this stuff does n't happen but there are a few bastards out there in the health service who will fuck a young girls life up because they believe abortion to be morally wrong ... the disgraceful part is the law is actually on their side right now ... next year we change this shit though ... 
  honestly never thought ireland would be the best for this sort of stuff , i always assumed we were getting ripped off . 
  ... got laid, 
  she 's too stubborn . . she 'll need to be removed , frankly i 'm surprised the tories have n't axed her yet . 
  of course not , sure it 's a provocation but it 's not the states job to protect people from offense ... 
  i draw the line at inciting violence , but this is n't that ... also people do n't burn things that are central to other people identities , you 're just being a cunt , it 's not impressive or original , it 's just a cunt move . . 
  lol do n't put these nuts on us , they are racist towards irish people ... 
  with links to loyalist paramilitary groups in northern ireland yeah ... 
   this is a massive problem for nigeria, 
  that 's not the problem , the problem is a brain drain not a population drain . 
  triggered ? 
  huh ? 
  read the article 68 % are college educated , these are no different from people emigrating from the us to europe , they are meeting the visa requirements . 
  not claiming refuge . 
  this is a massive problem for nigeria , not so much the eu . 
  68 % college educated ... fuck me nigeria is fucked if they do n't stop their educated people leaving at this level ... 600k in one year ... 
  united republic of ireland and others . 
  nuclear brexit means stationing british army troops on the northern irish border ... that would be really fucking bad ... 
  yup i saw it on tv , he was going for a high five i think and she put her hand down and corbyn followed through for the boob five . 
  without a doubt ... she has no political capital left in the party and looks incredibly weak . 
  this was her decision to hold a snap election and now the tories have lost their majority and any mandate they had to do anything let alone negotiate brexit on behalf of the country . . it 's on her head , she 'll be honest within a week or two . 
  may is gone soon to be replaced by a moderate . 
  the could have had corbyn coalition if scotland had n't shat the bed and handed a 24 seat swing to the tories ... ( snp would have aligned with labour ) . 
  same with ireland , though i doubt that 's the reason for it ... more than likely just want to maintain some semblance of legal independence . 
  the sheer amount of times i 've accidentally hit the like button while scrolling facebook on my phone ... am i supposed to be legally responsible for that shit ? 
  cop on switzerland . . 
  never know , at least you voted against him anyway . 
  switch that phrase to `` two meat and one veg '' and bask in the glorious reactions you get . . 
  some modern feminism is ... 
  [ feast your eyes ] ( http://gadling.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/irish-president-581.jpg ), 
  well in fairness these guys probably are n't the sharpest tools in the shed . 
  further proof parking inspectors are dickheads ... 
  if hangovers are only lasting for days now you were n't going hard enough in your youth man ... 
  i beg to differ ... 
  i looked closer there , you 're right . . my bad,
