  [ golden harp on st. patricks blue background ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fe/coat_of_arms_of_ireland.svg/789px-coat_of_arms_of_ireland.svg.png ) it was the coat of arms of the king of ireland from the 13th century . 
  there have been multiple variations over the years but it 's always been a harp on a blue background . 
  we buy those from you . 
  do n't drink tea myself . 
  they leave without a deal and become a random nation who has to pay wto tarriffs on all trade . 
  northern ireland would need a patrolled hard border thereby splitting people 's farms and families in two . 
  and all uk citizens living in the eu would be deported , likewise for every uk citizen in the eu . 
  too late they triggered article 50 . 
  britain will leave the eu in 2019 . 
  they will have to apply to rejoin after that date and comply with whatever demands the eu make . 
  we do n't care about it anymore . 
  we won it 7 times and then suddenly nobody voted for us anymore despite sending good songs . 
  then maybe 8 or 9 years ago there were a string of really shit years and people just stopped watching . 
  the irish songs started doing badly on the irish charts and good artists stopped applying for it so now we send absolutely crap songs every year and it 's just an embarrassment . 
  the general opinion is we should just stop but it does n't cost much so we just carry on . 
  our songs wo n't get any better until the irish music industry cop on and offer a decent incentive for good artists to submit songs . 
  they invaded georgia and ukraine in recent years ... and are actively trying to disrupt democracy in europe so they can eventually re gain the territory they lost with the fall of the soviet union . 
  like it or not that 's what putin wants and nato and the eu stand in the way . 
  twice . 
  someone had a stroke in dublin and fell into me , i called an ambulance . 
  second time was when someone tried to break into my house . 
  i called that guards ( police ) . 
  well in ireland , drinking is illegal until 18 , but people usually start at 15-16 , and get horrendously drunk . 
  plenty of people end up in hospital because they 're drinking for the first time without any responsible person or adult nearby ( usually at a party or in a field ) . 
  this is extremely dangerous when you mix in the peer pressure young people feel to drink more than/as much as their friends , especially considering these young people have built up absolutely no tolerance to alcohol and have no ability to judge when they should stop . 
  alternatively if you legalise drinking at home at age 14 parents can safely introduce their children to alcohol and teach them to drink responsibly before they ever drink with friends . 
  i stand with the germans , italians , spanish etc 100 % on this policy . 
  the rest of the european countries simply have n't adopted these laws yet , they will eventually though because it 's smart and will help avoid massive amounts of young people being brought to hospital every year . 
  spain , uk , ireland , france , germany , italy , netherlands ... tbh basically anything west of germany is as good as anywhere in the world . 
  probably sweden and norway too , though i 've never been there so i ca n't comment . 
  overwhelmingly so in the cities , there is however a very distinct segment of the rural and working class communities that are n't . 
  but in general the uk is great for that sort of stuff . 
  better than most countries . 
  scotland are wayyy more likely to break away right now . 
  nobody thinks ni would vote out now however , the thought process is the brexit is going to be fucking shite for them and their economy and will deeply impact their everyday lives . 
  after 10 years of that along with a faltering nhs joining ireland might become increasingly appealing . 
  at which point a referendum is basically mandated in both ni and ireland . 
  if both vote in there is nothing the rest of the uk can do about it . 
  if northen ireland join it 'll be withing ireland though , and thats still 20 + years away at least . 
  no my whole family and all my friends are moderate to liberal . 
  hot cross buns , banana , yogurt . 
  glass of water . 
  tons they have several of the best academic institutions in the world , in particular their universities are outstanding . 
  common law . 
  tons of medical and scientific advancements . 
  net emigration only stopped in 1999 i think . 
  yes , i 'd say most people in ireland would maintain a healthy level of patriotism . 
  some an unhealthy level and some no patriotism at all . 
  more or less . 
  50:50 , we do n't really care too much either way but to maintain a common travel area with the uk ( much more important ) we could n't be part of schengen . 
  whatever looks nice on the pubs menu . 
  i 'd want them to join the euro tbh, 
  nah fuck that ireland ca n't be schengen unless the uk join so we would insist on them joining the schengen zone . 
  clause that requires a 2/3rds majority to leave the eu would sort that out . 
  schengen so ireland can also be in schengen . 
  full membership , join the eurozone . 
  also a clause where they require a super majority in the future to leave the eu . 
  also no special treatment and no more fucking with the good friday agreement . 
  ireland is famous for its associations with alcohol ffs lad . 
  we are n't that bad . 
  it is a big concern of small countries anyway . 
  i read recently that the the effective corporate tax rate in ireland is about 12.4 % compared to the standard rate of 12.5 % in comparison france 's effective corporate tax rate is about 7.5 % compared to the official 33 % . 
  it 's just a very simple and effective system ( most effective in the world according to the world bank ) that has one flat rate without bureaucracy complicating matters . 
  in ireland it takes about 80 hours on average to fill out necessary tax paperwork for a company , compared to a european average of 176 hours . 
  that 's not to say our taxing is perfect , far from it , we have been used as a base for shell companies tradinging withing the eu in the past , and they have paid tiny amounts of tax on european taxes ( apple ) . 
  that loophole was stopped in 2015 and will close fully in 2020 . 
  the truth is many of the current charges of ireland being a tax haven have already been addressed . 
  the concerning part is people are now associating those ( nearly ) closed loopholes with the 12.5 % rate , which is completely false and really just a deflection from the obvious need for tax reform and simplification in countries like france . 
  you would n't need to take orders from the english at all . 
  that said it 's a bigger issue for countries like ireland who spend about .4 % of gdp on military and consider ourselves non-combatants/non-belligerent/neutral we only have a few un peacekeeping forces . 
  joining an eu army would require a massive increase in military spending for us ( probably 300-500 % ) . 
  having said all that i do n't think cooperation would be overly difficult . 
  you 'd just have different regiments ( or whatever the correct military term is ) speaking different languages and have the officer of each regiment be bilingual and have most of the hierarchy of the command structure speak a common language . 
  with regards to our politics being better , i 'm inclined to agree with kace91 european countries tend to be pretty stable and focused on conflict resolution , whereas us politics is a circus and i 'm not just talking about trump , the whole thing is a mess , 1.5 years for every election is just stupid , their 2 party system is even more polarized than northern ireland . 
  and america has a deeply ugly militarily minded sense of patriotism that should be very very concerning to all other nations especially considering their ability to wage a massive war anywhere in the world . 
  i want europe to be about cooperation , i really ca n't see a federation working for ireland , our systems are pretty different from most of the other eu countries . 
  for a start we have common law , and it works really really well for us dunno how that could be compatible within a federation where everyone else uses a variant of codified law . . we would also really like to maintain our low corporate tax rate so we can continue to attract international investment . 
  ireland was pretty poor before we instituted that policy and it is basically the reason for ireland 's growth and relative stability . 
  reducing our dependence on russian oil will mean stronger sanctions . 
  ohh i thought you meant what our countries produce , i do n't personal make drugs , lol . 
  i mean it already is competitive . 
  most social programmes are paid through income taxes rather than corporation taxes . 
  the us could have the same but instead they choose private health insurance over universal healthcare where the rich pay a lot more for their healthcare than the poor through a progressive tax structure . 
  ireland : do n't wreck the joint and do n't get in any fights . 
  offer/accept tea . 
  that 's how you piss off both communities in northern ireland ... 
  pharmaceuticals , shit tons of drugs . 
  i 'm not overly sure what your question is man , are you asking about whether the use of us software and hardware is a security risk for europe ? 
  or whether we can maintain competitiveness and our quality of living when competition increases from china ? 
  maybe , i 'm not sure . 
  yes , nasa uses the metric system , and it caused a fuck up with the hubble telescope when a sub contractor used imperial . 
  yes, 
  leitrim - does n't exist . 
  [ red deer ] ( https://rtejr.rte.ie/wp-content/blogs.dir/22/files/2014/10/red-deer-copy.jpg ), 
  sister is allergic to peanuts so we never had it in the house , when i left home i bought a jar of peanut butter to try , it was nice the first 2 or 3 times i had it but it became sickly and claggy after that , i never finished the jar and will never buy peanut butter again . 
  we never really did anything bad to anyone . 
  we had a revolution here and there and a few british officials were slain but relative to what they did to us it was very minor . 
  we had a small war of independence and a relatively minor civil war and it 's been peaceful ever since . 
  should learn hibernian english , everyone should learn hibernian english ... 
  not rugby too ?
