  you dickheads added the `` republic of '' bit . 
  ara fuck off with yer imperialist names for our country and we 'd appreciate it if you 'd call us ireland like our constitution states . 
  drop the `` republic of '' bit . 
  a lot irish people would flip out at what you just said , nonetheless i shall explain . 
  ireland 's call is the rugby anthem that we use because the irish rugby team includes northern irish players so we needed a new anthem that represented them too . 
  most people down south hate irelands call , not because of what it represents , we just think it 's a shit song . 
  amhr\u00e1in na bhfiann is the national anthem of ireland `` the soldiers song '' . 
  it 's not a pira propaganda piece , nor does it make any reference to britain or england . 
  it is however about the soldiers who fought to secure irish independence from britain , the soldiers of the irish republican brotherhood , later called the irish republican army ( not the provisional ira of northern ireland , which you 're thinking about ) who used guerrilla tactics to fight british occupation of ireland at the same time the first d\u00e1il ( irish parliament ) was held rogue to british rule , the british tried to shut it down , lots of officials were murdered , the ric tried to quash the ira but made a balls of it and support grew massively for the irish free state , eventually the british government gave in and a treaty was signed that partitioned ireland into the south and north we know today ( because the north had a high protestant population ) , about half of ireland accepted this as a stepping stone to full independence of ireland the other half completely rejected the idea of partitioning the country , so there was a civil war , the ira fought against the treaty and the newly formed irish government . 
  eventually this war stopped and the ira disbanded ( kinda ) . 
  the provisional ira was formed in northern ireland in the 50 's and 60 's to fight against the oppression of catholic minorities ( and even majorities in some cities ) in northern ireland . 
  then all hell broke lose , the british army were brought in to quash mostly peaceful protests and a few riots , and shot a load of people , pira retaliated . 
  eventually all hell broke lose and the troubles kicked of 3500 dead people some bombs in england , lots of bombs in northern ireland ( by the pira and uvf , udf who were loyalist terrorists working with the assistance of the british army and secret service ) and 30 years later and the good friday agreement was signed . 
  i mean ok , in ireland we just shred the cunts . 
  ( the homophobes ), 
  i know i 'm biased but the french and irish anthems have the best names . 
  sorry but i just ca n't let that crap rendition of amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann stand . 
  [ here ya go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thcrhsrxxaq ), 
  northern ireland has been well and truly fucked economically for a long long time . 
  it 's not just scotland . 
  lol , what ? 
  it 's really important to note that this is a survey of the most right wing people in the uk , things like the death penalty and corporal punishment would n't be anywhere near as popular among the stay voters ... irishman defending the brits here lads , it 's a rarity , treasure it . 
  this is inadvertently misleading , you 're polling the right wing portion of the country about the death penalty and corporal punishment . 
  when in reality 50 % of them only makes up 26 % of total uk voters . 
  6.4 actually . 
  yeah one of my friends is doing a phd there , and another one emmigrated to canada before coming home to take care of his sick mother . 
  canada seems like a nice spot . 
  bit of both really , like 18.8 % is 900k , then add their children who most of us would consider defacto irish and you get your millions . 
  it would yeah . 
  nah , ireland has been notoriously poor and fraught with economic difficulties until recently enough . 
  whenever there is a recession in ireland and unemployment skyrockets people just leave to go to britain or australia or elsewhere , we 're usually accepted there and there are large irish communities in both countries . 
  originally the irish began emigrating in vast numbers during the famine in the 1850 's . 
  the troubles in a northern ireland had very little effect on the south in reality . 
  high five !, 
  and people wonder why ireland are so pro immigration lolol . 
  lad 's there 's millions of us all over the world . 
  yeah but that 's america , they 're a shower of eejits half the time anyway . 
  true , but lots of people can hold a conversation , just would n't consider themselves fluent because they do n't get the practice, 
  i know , it 's the usual crap , let ff ruin the gaff and leave mammy no craic fg clean up before immediately letting ff ruin the gaff again . 
  ireland : 1 ) we found out the our police force have been telling fibs , and an investigation started . 
  the head of the service is refusing to step down even if our parliament voted no confidence in her and everyone hates her now . 
  2 ) the uk triggered 50 , utterly fucking us and we worked so hard to unfuck ourselves the last 5-6 years ... :'( 3 ) still working on that abortion problem , 4 ) it 's now bright outside until 8pm which is great . 
  5 ) our national bus service are fucked , and they 've been striking all over the place . 
  the company is doomed because the private part of the company has been pissing money away for donkeys years . 
  6 ) 5 people died in a helicopter crash , the second crash in a few weeks . 
  honestly it 's been a very boring week in ireland ,, 
  yeah , i 'd imagine ireland already does all the things required by this charter anyway so it would just be unnecessary interference too . 
  ahh now culchieland is n't that different to dublin , i 'll never understand the appeal of the plowing championships though . 
  and probably something to do with not wanting to admit our national language is a minority language . 
  this is the cultural version of mansplaining ... just sayin ', 
  yeah , i 'm pretty surprised too , maybe we just prefer the way we deal with it ourselves ? 
  or do n't want to admit its a minority language because it 's our national language and most people have at least a few words . 
  curious why ireland has n't signed considering gaeilge is our national language and is a minority language . 
  maybe we just want to deal with the problem ourselves ? 
  the luas made a surplus ? 
  well colour me surprised , half the people on it did n't pay ... 
  i feel like the dublin one is n't exactly fair ... and actually you ca n't leave ireland by train alone . 
  hey guys i just want to put ireland 's 6.6 in some context . 
  it was 15.2 % in 2012 . 
  6th largest economy now *, 
  have people completely lost the will to be professional nowdays ? 
  or irish blue . 
  but our hearts are big denmark , our hearts are big . 
  it 's certainly increasing in the west anyway . 
  as an irishman i am deeply offended . 
  i know , that confused me greatly , in ireland they go in a sepic tank . 
  except they are aborted post birth . 
  ... ireland really is getting fucked over by brexit . 
  in ireland the pizzas would just be nicked ... 
  ahh yeah , i do n't really care , i just say no thank you and keep on walking . 
  the problem is so many young male travellers would go to these places that it makes all of us their target , even though most of us have no interest, 
  non existant you mean , there are no native speakers left, 
  sigh . 
  it 's not fair to say nobody speaks it , there are a fair few politicians who speak irish fluently , and many more who understand it pretty well . 
  there are about 50k people in ireland who are fluent . 
  all irish eu politicians just sighed in relief . 
  ohh right , yeah reporting those sort of comments is understandable , though i prefer to allow reddit to dislike them into oblivion . 
  actually , why are n't there any polish restaurants opening up all over ireland , there are polish shops all over the place but they 're useless to us irish because we do n't know what to do with the ingredients . 
  i 'd love to see more polish food in ireland , i liked the stuff i had in krakow . 
  maaaattttteeee , we do n't hate turks , just erdogan . 
  or quizzed them on what they think of 100k teachers and lecturers being fired , banned from working and leaving and put on a list , on the upcoming referendum on the reinstatement of the death penalty to be used basically at erdogans discretion . 
  poland is great , spent a few days in krakow a few years back , lovely city , great jazz , long island ice teas that will knock you out , did n't like being solicited for strip clubs much but i 'm guessing that was just because i 'm a young guy . 
  ye have some of the best travellers but also some of the worst ... 
  i did n't see an escort but i was in a plane when there was a `` near '' miss . 
  my plane was mid way through it 's decent to land , another plane had taken off . 
  i was looking out the window , when i see another plane fly by about 300-500 meters from my window . 
  our landing was aborted and it took another hour to land . 
  no announcement was made by the pilot , and i 'm pretty sure i was one of a handful on the plane who saw what actually happened . 
  it was hilarious once i landed and told my friends who thought i was lying . 
  i 've met loads of german travelers around the world , never once did one expect anyone to speak german . 
  they all just spoke english , which is really the defacto travelers language . 
  a few irish tourists are dickheads , i sure as hell am not going to apologize for them , 99 % of us are really respectful , it 's quite similar with germans . 
  the least respectful ( western ) tourists are the americans , the english and the australians in my experience . 
  in ireland the groups of spanish and italian schoolchildren cause the most annoyance because the block pathways , but that 's really their guides fault . 
  never had an issue with a german , except once my friend forgot to leave a tip for a coffee ( which is n't customary in ireland especially for students ) and the waiter gave out to her for a few minutes saying that she should n't come to germany or travel if she does n't buy more that a coffee and does n't tip . 
  we thought that was very rude . 
  yeah , ignore them , poland is grand . 
  do n't vote for her france , pretty please . 
  david trying to spin his way out of being forever known as the eejit who gambled away britains future . 
  and they did n't ask the irish , nobody thinks we have something to say about this considering we 're getting royally screwed socially and economically here .
