  if people do n't react the terrorist do n't have any reason to plot and invest time and money into carrying out attacks . 
  the truth is terrorism is insignificant , murders happen every day in big countries like france but they do n't get national media coverage , and certainly not round the clock coverage for weeks after the fact . 
  the best thing you can do in invest more money in counterterrorism surveillance . 
  and then go on your merry way . 
  it 's a madeup quote . 
  changing ones voting habits because of terrorism is the single best thing you can do if you want more terrorism . 
  you tell terrorists that if they continue to bomb you and kill you they can make you do as they wish . 
  the reason why this sub hates lepen is because she wants to destroy the eu, 
  this is massively progressive by irish standards ( on the topic of abortion ) , nobody really expected the citizens assembly to make a recommendation like this , we all expected them to recommend decriminalisation and maybe at best socioeconomic abortion to 10-12 weeks . 
  i 'm absolutely stunned . 
  they recommended on demand abortion to 12 weeks too ... 
  i 'm so proud . 
  why are the lib dems down ? 
  a british person called us ireland instead of the republic of ireland ? 
  thank you good sir, 
  i know i wrote about it in a big long comment that you should read if you are so displeased . 
  search by new comments . 
  yes , it 's a shitpost . 
  i left another long comment on this thread . 
  ctrl my username . 
  i have no i 'll will towards the english it is just a piss take . 
  you asked what happened to us in the last century , i told you , lots of it has to do with westminsters policies , lots is our own shit . 
  formation of a state , war of independence , civil war , multiple serious recessions a depression or two . 
  ireland got bombed too during ww2 and during the troubles btw . 
  and during all this the catholic church were raping children and neglecting newborns entrusted in their care and dumping hundreds of infants bodies in septic tanks ... shall i go on ? 
  i feel like i should clarify that this is a shitpost . 
  it is n't even reflective of my own true thoughts on these countries let alone the thoughts of irish people as a whole . 
  most people realised it was a joke but to those who did n't let me restore some of your faith . 
  first up `` ours '' is a joke : ireland removed their claim to northern ireland as part of the good friday agreement to end the violence in northern ireland , the referendum held to remove articles 2 and 3 ( which claimed ownership ) passed with 94.4 % approval in ireland . 
  we completely respect northern ireland 's current position in the united kingdom and their right to self-determination . 
  for those unaware currently there is over three times the support for ni to remain in the uk as opposed to reunification with ireland . 
  a united ireland is not a realistic prospect for many many decades to come . 
  it would be bad for both parties , northern ireland needs a long period of stability not to leave the uk for ireland . 
  that said it is true to say that most polling indicates that most people in the south would like to see a united ireland `` within their lifetime '' . 
  whenever you see an irish person proclaiming that norther ireland belongs to ireland online they are either joking or a complete moron . 
  next up perfidious albion : first up , this is a very old phrase coined by a spaniard iirc that refers to the british government being untrustworthy and deceitful , as far as i 'm aware it is n't used to describe the average englishman anywhere , certainly not in ireland anyway ( most irish people do n't know the term ) . 
  i certainly do n't think british people , be they english , welsh , scottish or those from ni who rightfully regard themselves as british , are in any way deceitful or untrustworthy . 
  i put in the blue line and called the scottish purely as a joke about who voted out of the eu , also to the welsh lads out there , that 's why you got lumped in with england . 
  lots of people called back to the famine and the occupation and later partition of the island as something perpetrated by both the scottish and the english . 
  this is correct but that shit has been long forgiven lads . 
  genuinely , the vast majority of us do n't care , and are just playing up the anti-english sentiment as a mockery of ourselves and a minority of the older generation who did hold these views from when they fought in the war for independence . 
  to those who do n't know ireland and britain have always been intertwined and the people are relatively likeminded and get along very well . 
  there is a common travel agreement similar to the schengen zone between us and both nationalities can live , work and vote in each other 's country with no restrictions , treated as citizens . 
  to this point i will say that despite our jokes we actually really like english people , just as much as the scottish and the welsh too . 
  i personally always get along with english people best . 
  in truth we pretty much like most europeans but the english are among our favourites , even if we rarely admit it . 
  with regard to all the other countries i mentioned , i had a mediocre joke/reference comment about the dutch , hungarians , spanish and italians and polish . 
  the rest was me just mentioning what first popped into my head for each country , none of that crap is what most irish people thing . 
  for instance ireland has plenty of lithuanian , moldovans and latvians in ireland but i just could n't think of anything notable to say . 
  czech republic and slovakia i have been informed by my irish counterparts that you are in fact wonderful craic . 
  and austria apparently you guys sell our army guns . 
  norway , you are much better known for racing drivers than the winter olympics . 
  slovenia is great , i was a lake bohinj a few years back , beautiful country . 
  netherlands , you know you 're cool are fuck . 
  tldr : to the brits out there , irish people do love you despite our abusive jokes . 
  ye are definitely cunts , but likable cunts . 
  so many people in ireland thinks it 's way more corrupt than it actually is . 
  we 're not great but we ai n't that bad anymore . 
  we 're wayyyyy harsher on ourselves . 
  definitely would n't pass in ni , but a border poll is decades off anyway so we need n't worry about it for now . 
  the netherlands one was just a joke , we think you 're pretty cool in truth . 
  fuck , what the hell are we supposed to do with crimea ? 
  yes , let us initiate a danish-irish alliance . 
  although be forewarned , we do n't have our shit together . 
  never , it was just the first thing that came to my mind , i thought it was obvious that the whole thing was a shitpost though ... 
  can confirm , was a shitpost . 
  it 's not really the welsh or the english , just westminster really . 
  yup, 
  haha , i did n't want to say anything about gypsies , but we do n't know much about ye to be honest . 
  i mean most of us did ' t trust the ira either like ... 
  we like you too , just do n't trust your government . 
  news to me, 
  i did n't , i just wrote in font size 0.5, 
  you know what i 've personally dealt with now ? 
  honestly the irish have dealt with so much shit we really would n't care . 
  what an odd thing too do ... 
  calm down mate , it 's just a piss take . 
  and the phrase only refers to the government anyway . 
  you are good craic , i just could n't fit it in hahaha . 
  `` fun '' in irish, 
  that 's inconvenient for the joke though . 
  aye , we 'd be voting with our hearts not our heads but all polling indicates ireland would take northern ireland back in an instant . 
  cut to the bone haha, 
  ohh yeah , irish people are certifiably insane too . 
  when mainland europe was starting civilizations we fucked off to an island off an island . 
  true, 
  more that the only time we ever really hear anything about finland is when they win stuff during the winter olympics . 
  nah , it 's a much much older bond . 
  the irish gender-neutral form of the word . 
  irish politics is really boring most of the time so we look to the rest of the world for entertainment . 
  took advantage of me combining a shitty trackpad and microsoft paint . 
  can you tell i do n't know any bulgarians ? 
  we still like the english and welsh , just do n't trust them . 
  do n't think we did n't notice ye nicking crimea . 
  we just want to restore the teddy bears head . 
  ye are great craic !, 
  i should have wrote that on the map . 
  good fun . 
  one day , one day , one day , 
  very badly , it 's tories all the way , lib dems will hopefully pick up loads of seats too .
