  that must have been it , huh i thought it was just another friendly , maybe i 'm just too negative about the irish football team . 
  same in ireland , although we 'll be getting rid of it soon as it 's a complete farce here and everyone is blasphemous several times a day whether you 're religious or not . 
  i feel like it 's a stretch to say star wars is european culture man . 
  skellig michael is cool though . 
  was this the one with the last minute goal ? 
  yeah , to be fair that friendly against germany was glorious , even if it was just a friendly . 
  i buy bags of frozen blueberries and raspberries for 2.50 each in dunnes , a handful is about 1/4 of a pack so it 's 1.25 total for the berries , then 3 kiwis is about 1 euro usually , then a cup of orange juice is like 1 euro , so 3.25 is what it costs me for about a pint of smoothie . 
  more or less what a bottle or two of beer would cost . 
  that 's how i justify it anyway :p, 
  3 kiwi 's peeled and halfed , a handfull of frozen raspberries and a handful of frozen blueberries , and a cup of orange juice . 
  sometimes i add a banana too . 
  i ca n't eat dairy but they are sooo nice :d, 
  well in fairness it would n't be correct as of now . 
  ireland is green and all , i like your style good sir . 
  they 'd be the neutral ones , the lost causes are staunch unionists who fucking hate ireland for some mad reasons . 
  make a new law where if pharma companies restrict sale of any drug in the european marketplace they forfeit their intellectual property and another company can produce it for the eu marketplace . 
  the neutral and catholic ones would , the others have been a lost cause for god knows how long . 
  meh , creates more jobs at the passport office that are funded by the price of the passport and british people could settle and work in ireland regardless of brexit . 
  i say it 's a small win for us . 
  hah , man we 've always been shit and we 're only getting worse . 
  nah , that was just cameron being a tool and gambling with the countries future and losing because of populous rebellion against the strawman eu . 
  that 's now , back in the day britain abused the fuck out of everyone . 
  beat up brown kids and irish kids . . 
  this frustrates the irish so much , we know most british people are grand lads but the education system does n't focus enough on current/recent issues within the uk , like northern ireland or the falklands . 
  but ye learn all about the monarchy 1000 years ago or whatnot . 
  even learning about some of the shitty things great britain did to their colonies in the past would do a world of good to the british population understanding their involvement in world affairs . 
  yup , i 'm amazed at how many brits do n't know the difference between the united kingdom and britain . 
  i wish they 'd do these polls for all the smaller trade partners too . 
  i wan na see what germans think of ireland . 
  if you go to a restaurant for christmas dinner you can definitely buy alcohol . 
  same with in hotels . 
  fair enough , i 'll change it to rule , as in religious rule . 
  we like to think it does though . . :(, 
  yeah , people are giving out about this on r/ireland too . 
  it 's not true . 
  we 'll get there man , it 's only been like 10-20 years since we even started trying to be secular . 
  this is the last year in which alcohol will be illegal to buy/sell on good friday . 
  and 80 % of that 80 % ignore the stupid rule . 
  least the catholic church let irish people attend school ... 
  cos ireland is/was a super conservative country that basically wanted to be run by the catholic church , and the catholic church abused that power . 
  much of the new generation fucking hate the church . 
  in the next 20-30 years ireland will become a very different country . 
  yeah , it 's very unlikely it 'd ever return to as bad as it was , but the problem is something bad will likely happen and from there everything could spiral out of control , and bombs could start going off again . 
  again though that 's very unlikely ... there will probably just be some violent protests and increased sectarianism . 
  ahh yes , but you 're treating the dup like rational actors ... they 're not . 
  they are a party born out of extreme sectarianism . 
  the only reason people vote for them is that they are the most opposed to finding compromise with sinn fein ( the major nationalist party ) because sinn fein were the political wing of the ira and the unionist community in norther ireland despise them . 
  tbh most people in the republic of ireland despise both sinn fein and the dup . 
  despicable scum march to promote their racism , counter protester occur , and some lunatic runs them down in a car ... straight up terrorism . 
  that sounds like the kind of thing that could happen anywhere , granted america seems to be a hotbed for this shit recently . 
  but then trump does n't condone neo nazi violent protesters who have straight up murderers in their ranks ... that is n't normal or acceptable for any american president . 
  but to be honest , i find the shoot first ask questions later approach that is thought to us policemen to be far more harmful than this one case of nutcases causing harm because of their racist agenda . 
   does it shock you that this happens in us ? 
  no , not in the current political climate over there . 
   does racial tension like this exist in your own country ? 
  no , there is racism in ireland but it is on an individual basis , there are no racist groups per say and as a result no real racial tensions . 
  certainly nothing like the us . 
  they gave me a scholarship ... 
  no that map is terrible , ireland and britain are n't that similar culturally once you get over the common language , but compared to some of the comparisons on the map we are made from the same cloth . 
  switzerland and hungary is a laughable comparison . 
  ukraine is at war with russia . . 
  the caucasus countries are n't that similar . 
  greece and turkey are completely different . 
  forget germany and czech republic ... what about germany and hungary ... utterly different cultures . 
  it 's highly unlikely that it would ever return to the level it was before , but one must remember that a lot of people who were in the ira at the height of the troubles are still alive and they still have a lot of influence in their communities as well as the connections to obtain weapons and the ability to make bombs . 
  will there be a huge amount of terrorism where civilians are targeted ? 
  it 's unlikely ... will there be bombs at checkpoints and murdered soldiers/police ? 
  maybe , will there be huge riots ? 
  probably . 
  dup would try to block that , plus it would effectively be giving more control of ni to ireland , which is n't the tory way . 
  also everyone in ni would be subject to the european court of justice and would have to obey eu law , rather than uk law , which could cause problems with fisheries , agricultural practises . 
  etc etc. . . 
  it 'd definitely one of the better , solutions , but it does mean the uk would be giving up quite a bit of control over northern ireland , and yet still funding them . 
  bastard taigs block british democracy !, 
  eu wide suicide pact ? 
  possibly . 
  the issue , is brexit can take many many different forms , none of which the british public voted on , they only voted to leave the eu . 
  1 : in the specific case of northern ireland it would mean a hard border is unnecessary as the uk would remain in the single market , and would remain under the ecj . 
  ireland has pre-existing freedom of movement with the uk , the issue is the physical border being a prompt for violence . 
  other two points are pretty much correct though , but you know , brexit as a whole is a terrible idea so it 's hardly surprising that they 'd run into complications no matter what route they take . 
  membership of the eea, 
  difficult enough ... unskilled jobs are mostly in the service industry , and you need english for them . 
  there are eu migrants who work as cleaners who do n't speak english , and others that work as builders ... 
  most eu migrants speak english though . 
  pharma jobs ... always pharma jobs . 
  u/bramto asked a similar question and i answered it there . 
  no it would n't you 'd still leave the eu , just not the eec , which was never voted on . 
  48 % the people voted to stay , so a compromised brexit is a better alternative , a brexit that does n't royally fuck over northern ireland . 
  the primary reason most irish people are worried about a border is that it has been a source of violence in the past and the good friday agreement protected against all forms of border . 
  yes , there is a lot of cherry picking going in within the uk cabinet right now . 
  the eu is made up of many countries each of which are considered a trading partner , the uk is one of those trading partners and is included in total eu trade ... 
  ahh yeah , but northern ireland has more nutjobs ... like former ira people were voting to leave the eu because they believed that a shitshow in northern ireland would bring a united ireland sooner ... 
  they many be correct but that 's some cynical shit ... 
  yes , both eventualities will lead to a hard border , but one will keep ireland in a negotiating strong point and maintain the veto on any future trade deals the uk want with the eu , whereas in the other we 've just accepted an unconscionably bad deal . 
  basically ireland gets fucked either way , but by using our veto instead of just accepting a terrible border , we force the uk to realise that they 'll never get a trade deal with the eu unless they commit to a reasonable solution in northern ireland . 
  in reality , what would happen is ireland would keep vetoing until a never british government came into office who would give us what we want . 
  that only includes export of goods , not import of goods and services or export of services ... and obviously the whole eu makes up for more of our trade than the uk alone . 
  unfortunately the snp basically got neutered in the last election , so it does n't look like scotland will have another referendum anytime soon . 
  in northern ireland , they celebrate genocide ... 
  poland is likely to be seriously effected though , you guys have more people in the uk than ireland does ... there is a very real possibility that no deal will mean a ton of polish people kicked out .
