wee cracker if i ever saw one . 
  and some have all their alternate food nicked during a famine . 
  `` only '' ... thats massive . 
  if 7 % of your house was filled with rubbish you 'd have a problem . 
  that does n't count haha , otherwise britain wins that battle . 
  they owned india for heavens sakes . 
  yeah it was about 50:50 death to emigration as far as i remember . 
  twas really bad , and the kicker is there was an abundance of food in ireland at the time , but it was all being shipped out to britain . 
  yup , it completely fucked the collective psyche of the country too , many psychologists have postulated that irish people have felt a collective cultural guilt for being the one that survived the famine . 
  and that is why the irish devoted themselves entirely to the catholic church . 
  ohh right , that should be a 30 zone then . 
  germany changed , simple as that . 
  of course it was to blame at the time , but nationalism took over during the nazi era , and the worst parts of the regime were hidden from the general public . 
  every country has done horrible things in the past . 
  we need to admit guilt and responsibility and strive to never make the same mistakes again . 
  legends ... fairplay to ye swedish lads . 
  as if fox news is reputable . 
  i was wondering how the pm of a country like sweden would come to that conclusion . 
  release encrypted messages ... surely he means the encryption key . 
  yup , ca n't lose your license for one speeding offense here . 
  unless you tack on careless driving or some other charges . 
  lets be honest though your quiet country road probably has a speed limit of 80 . 
  ireland : nothing interesting . 
  in the sense that they are n't attacked , but you choose not to get involved in wars . 
  just ask switzerland , they 're the masters of neutrality . 
  yes well libya , iran and saudi arabia are just as bad if not worse than azerbaijan for human rights violations , so nothing is gained by going to them instead , except they are also aggressive powers . 
  big reserves of oil are not what europe needs , they need a large constant supply , scotlands offshore operations ca n't sustain europe . 
  granted if we were where lithuania is we 'd probably be a member of nato . 
  that said we are peace loving hippies on a world scale . 
  17 million , you guys are massive . 
  was in vienna a few years ago , nice spot , lots of museums . 
  i occasionally watch pmq 's and corbyn just looks weak . 
  labour needs a strong leader and quick . 
  ireland thinks germany are a grand bunch for the most part . 
  i think it 's got to be one of the least susceptible countries to right wing populism . 
  ya do n't need to convince me man . 
  i 'm just saying how things work here now . 
  ohh , thanks , i did n't check the upload date . 
  this is really fucking bad , how much economic sanctions can europe put on chechnya ? 
  probably would n't matter that much . 
   the problem is that had the abortion be carried out ( she ultimately decided against it for her own reasons ) then the doctor would have been put up for investigation and , unless the termination was decided as 100 % unavoidable , the doctor would have lost his license . 
  this is what i was referring to though . 
  i agree it 's complicated though . 
  pretty much yeah . 
  that said europe does need to dabble in geopolitics , obviously this would mean monetary investments rather than staging coups and invading countries but europe simply ca n't just isolate itself from middle eastern oil . 
  we 'd be too dependent on russian oil like we are now , so we ca n't impose strict economic sanctions when russia is aggressive in eastern europe and tries to destabilize european politics like they are currently doing . 
  how does a riot in sweden help their cause ? 
  did sweden do something pro turkey recently ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  18-24 : 73 % stay 25-34 : 62 % stay 35-44 : 52 % stay 45-54 : 56 % leave 55-64 : 57 % leave 65 + : 60 % leave it 's a very clear old vs young vote , the young had a 65 % turnout , the old had a 90 % turnout . 
  that 's why britain voted for brexit . 
  the young got royally screwed . 
  yes , but getting oil from a dictatorship is n't exactly unusual lol . 
  also i doubt norway and scotland produce anywhere near enough oil to provide for the whole of europe so alternative sources would be necessary . 
  different generation , all the auld farts who voted out will be long dead . 
  the young voted against brexit . 
  they 'll be the majority voters in 20-30 years . 
  news only to unionists and brits . 
  in all honesty , nato is becoming very important , and european members have not been fulfilling their 2 % gdp military spending obligation . 
  especially with the current anti-nato stance of the us , other members need to up spending to avoid the us leaving nato . 
  remove russian influence and get an independent source of oil , europe divests from russian oil , can now impose proper economic sanctions on russia for their aggression in eastern europe . 
  big countries have higher gdp . 
  yup , also fg and ff are anti abortion so you 'd need a stong labour coalition to get that referendum pushed through . 
  common law . 
  * making the abortion illegal unless the fetus wo n't survive childbirth and the mothers life is in danger . 
  human rights watch have been giving out to ireland for years about our damn laws . 
  but fg and ff are pro life , so a strong labour/greens coalition would be needed to get a referendum quickly . 
  but we killed those parties last election . 
  yeah , nowadays there would be outrage if they jailed a girl , it 's essentially decriminalized ( law is still on the books ) to get an abortion , but very much illegal to give one . 
  back in the 80 's however girls were jailed . 
  not anymore , back in the 80 's though . 
  ireland used to be a massively conservative country , once we gained independence we handed ourselves over to the catholic church and the abused the hell out of us ( literally and figuratively ) . 
  that said there is an inherent sense of decency in the irish people and equality is something we value a huge amount ( hence the overwhelming vote for gay marriage ) . 
  our constitution says that the right to life of the unborn child should be respected as well as the mother . 
  so the only way to get an abortion is if a stillbirth is inevitable and the mothers life is in danger . 
  lots of irish people want to loosen the abortion restrictions a little bit such as in the cases of rape/incest but to do so a referendum would be needed , and fine gael the party in power are anti-abortion so they are unlikely to bring the referendum and even less likely to support it . 
  loosening of abortion laws should happen within 10 years though , it 's just going to be a very slow process . 
  i guess you ca n't lose your license in ireland then ... 
  better weather than ireland ... 
  china , it 's where you raise up the ranks through qualification and experience , other members of government promote you , not the people . 
  not really , these things are pretty sparse nowadays from both sides , and there is absolutely no support from the general population . 
  just a bunch of cunt drug dealing gangs who occasionally plant a bomb to make themselves feel like they 're fighting a war . 
  no , the provisional ira is the one that was involved in the troubles from the 60 's till they fulling disarmed in 2005 ( iirc ) . 
  the continuity ira were originally opposed to the good friday agreement and kept up with the bombs after this , the real ira came in a little later , but really they were only ever drug dealers and common criminals . 
  the original ira were old school , involved in the war of independence from 1919-21 , and the civil war ( against the 26 county ireland ) for a few years after , they more or less disbanded after that . 
  some members resurfaced in the north later on and provided support for the pira but in general they were quite different , and a few generations apart . 
  lynchings ? 
  what troubles were you in mate ? 
  800 years made us bitter fuckers . 
  free movement is n't in jeopardy , customs checkpoints are the concern . 
  ireland has a common travel area with the uk , that 'll have to be renegotiated a bit but will likely remain mostly intact due to ireland not being in the schengen zone . 
  well everyone could have voted , abstention is saying your opinion does n't matter . 
  democracy is subjectively the best way to run a country . 
  benevolent dictators , or meritocracies can work better for some countries . 
  just look at the difference between india and china , one has had a meritocracy and has boomed , the other has a democracy and is waaaayyy behind . 
  a ton of middle eastern and african countries have been more stable and more peaceful under a dictator than with a democracy . 
  article 2 and 3 used to state it belonged to us but we gave that claim up as part of the peace process in ni . 
  ni does n't belong to anyone anymore , they want to be part of the uk for now , we respect that , 3500 people killed on this island wo n't be forgotten by us . 
  their peace has n't been put in jeopardy by ireland , that 's all on middle england and wales . 
  we do call ourselves ireland , article 13.1 of our constitution , been there since day one .
