  how advanced ? 
  i dunno , nobody does . 
  i realise i 've been very hard on the us here , but by recent us political trends i think the us needs to be chastised . 
  the best things the us have done is build allies through things like the marshell plan , and set up bodies like the league of nations and later the united nations , obviously these bodies are mindnumbingly slow , inefficient and flawed but they do enormous good at the same time . 
  i have some respect left for the united states because i know that it could return to be a force for good in the world if it sorts out it 's fucking god awful version of democracy and more importantly institutes some proper fucking anti lobbying laws so the american peoples government is run by their representative not some pawn of corporations , be they oil giants , pharma companies or the military industrial complex . 
  nowadays the eu is the force for good in the world , much more so than america , china or russia , but the eu only has economic influence rather than the military and economic influence of the us so the us is n't going anywhere as the worlds predominant power . 
  unfortunately that power seems to be wielded by some incompetent people and some malicious people at the moment . 
  the us need massive electoral reform , pronto . 
  estate houses or one off country houses ... they are the two types we have in ireland . 
  that 's a lot warmer than ireland ... :'( ... 
  8-15 degrees celsius ( 46-59 f ) from winter to summer . 
  no , complete opposite , the brits got a ton of exceptions . 
   i am a national of a european union member state . 
  answered your own question there . 
  have n't been , no opinion . 
  not in person , no . 
  on reddit ? 
  plenty . 
  rangers = protestant community celtic = catholic community, 
  man , just stay away from ranger and celtic ... utterly toxic fanbases , i used to support celtic when i was a kid and did n't know wiser , but i stopped long ago because it 's just blatant sectarianism . 
  no there is n't , but we have lockers in school and breaks between every 3 classes , so you should n't have more than 3 books in your bag at once except when going to school/going home ... and then you bring whatever books you need for homework home . 
  as far as i can remember i rarely ever had more than 4 or 5 books in my bag at any given time , it was n't that heavy . 
  it 's not just the us , ireland has lockers in secondary schools ( no point in primary school as the books are thin and weigh very little anyway . 
  being a public servant ... 
  my parents had three kids and two golden retrievers . . am i upper class ? 
  yup , the limerick accent is shocking for instance . 
  not sure ireland had a film industry back then tbh . 
   we call mates cunt and cunts mate ( although mate is neutral like ` dude ' , rather than a passive aggressive insult , most of the time ) . 
  similar in ireland , except `` man '' is used if we like the person , mate is used is we think they 're a bit of a cunt . 
  19 i think . . 4 outside the eu , i might be forgetting a few though . 
  favorite was vietnam , i do n't know which one was my least favorite . 
  tbh , there are good and bad parts to all countries . 
  i prefer received pronunciation to a standard american accent , but southern irish accents are usually preferred in the uk and ireland . 
  beware though , there is a massive variety of irish accents and they change substantially every 20km across the country . 
  some are lovely soft accents that are gramatically perfect with a few hiberno english flourishes and others are almost incomprehensible to people outside ireland . 
  donegal accents are usually pretty good , as are mid/south meath accents . 
  leitrim is also an area that has a lot of soft spoken people . 
  perfectly decent people , absolutely no issues with venezuelans . 
  country has gone to shit though because of unsustainable social spending when oil prices were high and no real contingency for when prices drop like has happened in the past 5 or so years . 
  consequently national debt is the highest in the world per capita and the country is crumbling . 
  maduro has gone all dictatorial and is shutting out the opposition based on a boycotted referendum with roughly 12 % turnout . 
  opposition leaders have been arrested for speaking against him ... venezuela is heading for a world of hurt and very possibly a civil war . 
  if ireland ever wins the rugby world cup we 'll go fucking nuts ... would n't be too surprised if we end up in another recession due to all the celebrating we 'll do . 
  brendan gleeson is a wonderful actor alright . 
  keep that catholic birth rate up in northern ireland . 
  we 're nearly there . 
  srs though , nah , ireland has one of the highest birth rates in europe ... we 'll be grand for a while yet . 
  never met an iranian in ireland tbh . 
  better than america , worse than france/italy . 
  it 's utterly preposterous , and i thank the lord baby jebus , that they are an ocean away . 
  how come words like genocide are thrown around so often in america with so little meaning behind them ? 
  it 's gotten to the stage where words that should have the most weight of all have none left ... but a word like `` cunt '' will have every american squirming in their chairs . 
  `` white genocide '' ... fuck off you utterly incompetent , abhorrently ignorant , willfully stupid , oafs . 
  there are currently 5 countries in the world experiencing genocide emergencies , where ethnic cleansing is currently occurring . 
  right now , a further 6 are on the precipice of genocide and yet another 10 are on genocide watch . 
  and while all this is occurring a load of fucking idiot americans are rambling incoherently on about some non existent white genocide in the most politically stable safe , tolerant countries in the world because they have chosen to have a slightly humanitarian outlook on their immigration policy . 
  you want to know what i think of these american whit nationalist morons ? 
  i think they are fucking scum . 
  north korea ... just for the craic . 
  he 's well known in ireland , we just do n't lose our shit over him . 
  nah , u2 are fucking shite , tax dodging pricks . 
  phil lynott ( thin lizzy ) would be considered one of the best irish muscians that 's very well know , glen hansard ( the frames ) is n't a household name but a wonderful singer songwriter who is massively respected in ireland and has had a handful of hits . 
  then there 's van morison , the pogues , bob geldof ( of the boomtown rats , and various other accreditations ) ... 
  ahh that is a long and difficult question to answer . 
  nonetheless i shall attempt to summarize . 
  gypsies are people who come from a nomadic culture , they have traveled for 100 's of years , using horse drawn carriages at first , later using caravans , cars , etc. 
  they often still have horses and horse drawn carriages too , though this is more of a tradition thing now , rather than a practical one . 
  gypsies are hated by a lot of people for a lot of different reasons , some completely unjustified like pure racism , some somewhat justified like widespread animal cruelty issues , high crime rates , dumping of waste . 
  and generally gypsies do n't integrate into society very well ( the reasons for this range from their traditions and culture being in direct opposition to the laws and culture of the settled opposition , to the settled populations intolerance of minority groups with a different way of life ) . 
  there is also a perception that travelers are a drain on the society which they contribute little to ... for instance , a lot of the money gypsies make is under the table and tax is n't paid on it , but governments often have to dedicate a lot of resources to their education/medical expenses , as they need a lot of monitoring by child protection agencies etc , the children are constantly moving schools/being taken out of schools ) it 's worth noting that the life of a traveler is often a very deprived one . 
  suicide rates are insanely high , child mortality is high , the life expectancy is about 25 years less than the general population . 
  their way of life has a huge amount of serious problems and they seem very reluctant to change some things to improve their living conditions . 
  travelers experience a lot of blatant racism , refusal of service , not being considered for jobs , etc etc. . . traveler children get excluded and discriminated against a lot ... 
  it 's just a shit situation overall . . both the general public and the travelers are responsible for their poor conditions . 
  my opinion of travelers is fairly neutral ... 
  i feel sad about the whole situation but a bit powerless to help them tbh . 
  i 'm a bit wary because i know that although most are perfectly nice , there is usually one person in the family/community who is extremely dodgy , so it 's difficult to not factor that into your decisions to hire them for jobs around the house , it 's also a bit disconcerting when you see them riding horse drawn carts around the country roads near my house , because it 's not unusual for travelers to be heavily involved in crime like robbing houses . 
  i know this sounds like i 'm painting all travellers with the same brush , but i really am n't , its just travelers in certain situations set the alarm bells going . 
  if they are in school or a shopping centre or the shop or whatever , i 'm perfectly happy to talk and have a few laughs with travelers and help them out if they need a lift or whatever . 
  scuba diving flippers , always . 
  because let 's be honest here the roman empire on a world level is the greatest and most well-known period of european history . 
  not ever close man ... according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_empires ) the british , spanish , french , portugese , ottoman empires were all larger european empires ... then you could argue the russian empire was european too , and could make arguements about various caliphates that extended into europe . 
  at the height of the roman empire it was roughly 1/7th the size of the british empire at it 's height . 
  and over the full course of history the brits have owned roughly 1/3rd of the world . 
  and still we kicked the fuckers out ... eventually . 
  not much tbh , ireland has had a lot of great musicians over the years , probably more than our fair share , rory gallagher is well known of in ireland but he probably would n't be on most peoples list of best irish musicians . 
  some people love him though . 
  i do n't buy shit unless , i say i 'm going to go buy something ... for instance , i do n't go into shops and look around and occasionally buy clothes or whatever every few weeks like most people would ... 
  instead i buy everything i need in one day per year ... 
  i end up buying only the stuff i need and do n't waste time doing stuff i hate ( shopping ) . 
  irish peoples drinking averages are below most other european countries , australia and many asian countries . 
  yeah , we are n't all drunks ... 
  not very , i had it in singapore once , it was n't really that nice tbh ... you north americans have low standards sometimes . 
  nope . 
  put we produce a shit ton of them so our issue is the bar to getting a job in ireland is often several years experience , so our graduates are often forced abroad to get enough experience to come back come and work in ireland . 
  it 's raining . 
  meh , we have more influence than we should given our tiny population ... that 's all i care about . 
  lol , best just ignore 90 % of the shit that happens in northern ireland ... 
  huh , you got very unlucky . 
  i 've never heard of something like that happening in northern ireland , or ireland for that matter .
