  surprised all he got was a crepe to the back of the head . 
  i found it amazing that free museums are n't a thing all over europe . 
  it 's awfully inconvenient to have to pay when you 're a student . 
  same in ireland and the uk . 
  tories will protect your right to abuse your children . 
  love being neutral . 
  multiple coups and wars in the middle east have destabilised the region this has lead to an increase in muslim fundamentalism and with that an increase in extremism . 
  terrorist organisations and caliphates like isis and al queda are joined by people who hate the west ( because their families were killed by american/russian bombing ) or they were killed in the american-british invasion of iraq . 
  this has lead to civil war in syria which has destroyed the lives of many in the region , so people are fleeing to a better life in europe by the millions . 
  at the same time in north africa many countries are dealing with civil war and muslim extremists like boko haram . 
  people are fleeing from there and trying to cross from libya to italy , but they 're trying to do so on rafts that are packed ( 500or so in a raft that should only carry 20-40 ) . 
  the rafts are also completely unsuited for the journey and usually sink , killing thousands per week . 
  there are multiple eu navy 's assigned to go save them from drowning ( mostly the italian navy ) . 
  one picked up they are brought to italy . 
  given medical treatment , given an intensive immigration screening and genuine refugees are given refuge but 2/3rds are sent back to africa . 
  where many try to make the trip again . 
  treated like government legislation , still common law only our highest court of appeal is now the european court . 
  would have fixed my punctuation had i known i 'd be quoted lolol . 
  we have a greater appreciation for the greyness of the human condition and generally believe judging unforseen cases on the word of the law is asking to convict people who do n't really deserve it , whereas at least in common law new precedent can always be set . 
  nah , would n't suit ireland . 
  for an of age person i agree but not a child . 
  representin ' common law in the eu after brexit ... 
  it 's life saving , it 's a default option . 
  been happening for donkeys years mate ... 
  say what you like about junkers comments but the uk government are in their own little world right now ... johnson is the foreign secretary ... 
  i believe it is when the person does n't have a firm grasp of the concept of mortality , which a 12 year old would n't . 
  how can you decide to die when you do n't know what that means . 
  i mean she 'd lose her job in 2019 anyway . 
  i agree . 
  the problem is they have now started making decisions to undermine the eu before leaving . 
  the eu will completely fuck the uk if they continue to do this sort of stuff . 
  the uk needs to start understanding how vulnerable they will be once out of the eu . 
  they 'll have a massive trading block right next door that they 'll be in direct competition with . 
  like it or not the eu will be in a position to impose sanctions if necessary and then the uk will be in big big trouble , especially when you consider 25 % of the food in the uk comes from the eu . 
  nah , i disagree that a child so young should be allowed to make a decision that will kill them . 
  most children do n't even understand the concept of mortality . 
  ffs most people do n't understand it properly until they grow old . 
  absolutely . 
  people feel remorse for the civilian casualties resultant from indiscriminate bombing of terrorists not the terrorists themselves . 
  besides wartime changes attitudes completely . 
  look at what happened in ww2 and what peaceful europe that was still reeling from ww1 did to each other particularly the utter destruction of germany at the end of the war . 
  when humans start a war no matter how noble their attentions , atrocities will be committed and people always manage to justify it . 
  the french military was larger than the germany one in ww2 but the germany one was vastly more modern . 
  the french still had calvary ffs . 
  and besides the main issue was dedicating most forces to the maginot line allowing germany to roll through belgium and flank them . 
  modern warfare is much more reliant on air superiority , and in that regard , europe dominates , with both significantly more planes and more effective , advanced planes . 
  at the moment yes eu forces would be disjointed and disorganized but once an eu army is formed that will no longer be such an issue . 
  and since we 're talking hypothetically here that should be considered . 
  our musical taste doesnt line up with mainland and eastern europe and on top of that we keep sending the worst fucking artists we have . 
  i want this , but it gives an unfair advantage to ireland and england , because people tended to vote for songs in languages they understood , and most europeans intersect with english . 
  it 's crap though because nobody actually wants to hear 40 songs in english in a european song contest . 
  the irish might join you if you leave euro-vision though . 
  it was atrocious . 
  i watched all the songs and the only one even remotely ok was portugal , and even that was a bit shit . 
  even the irish have gotten tired of taking the piss out of it . 
  nobody cares anymore , nor do they watch . 
  if you polled ireland about this we 'd definitely vote out too , eurovision does n't appeal to our taste in music at all anymore and we all pretty much hate the contest and view it as a waste of time or something to take the piss out of . 
  we have n't put any effort into it for at least 10 years and the uk are the same . 
  nuclear weapons are irrelevant , because if you bring them into play you also have to consider frances and the us 's who 're basically obligated to retaliate against russian aggression . 
  russian could destroy europe with nuclear bombs but russia would be destroyed in retaliation . 
  this is why nuclear weapons are stupid and proliferation and ultimate removal is necessary . 
  also being hardened people does n't mean shit in a modern war , it has n't meant shit since guns were invented actually . 
  it 's all about who has a military , environmental and geopolitical superiority ... and europe trumps russia on all three . 
  europe can hold the war at the russian border and impose serious economic sanctions on any country willing to trade with them whilst annexing all russian ports . 
  then they 're fucked . 
  from an irish standpoint , we stand with the eu but we want things to remain as unchanged as possible ... we 're screwed basically . 
  the initial forecasts are saying a `` hard brexit would cause a 2-3 % rise in unemployment here , and that 's in super stable hard to replace agricultural jobs , not to mention many ( most ) of our industries are intertwined with their counterparts in northern ireland . 
  the truth is the british population voted out of europe without even the slightest consideration of what would happen in northern ireland and to this day are basically ignoring the problem and saying there wo n't be a hard border but there will still be a common travel area ... those are completely polarized positions . 
  meanwhile the irish government has n't done a fucking thing except deal with brexit , our taoiseach has worked 16 hour days since the vote . 
  they have produced comprehensive analyses of brexit detailing the british position in significantly more detail that the british governments own white paper . 
  the british have a lot on their plates for sure but northern ireland will be the only land border with the eu and should be priority number one but instead has received minuscule amounts of attention and thought from the uk , it 's truly shameful . 
  and for the record , it 's worth noting that any economic effects brexit has of ireland will be multiplied 10 fold in northern ireland ... and god help us all if the violence starts again because the uk government scraped the gfa against the will of the northern irish people . 
  the eu are dealing with some political but mainly economic instability as a result of brexit . 
  ireland has essentially be stabbed in the back by britain whom we have almost immeasurably significant cultural and economic links to . 
  just some personal stories to show the cultural links . 
  my grandmother had 3 brothers all 3 travelled to manchester and worked their entire lives from age 16 or 17 in the british construction industry . 
  they paid british taxes , voted in british elections contributed to british society . 
  and then when the time came from them to retire they did so in ireland , they never claimed the pensions they were entitled to for over 70 years of work . 
  my aunty moved to england about 25 years ago and set up a life for herself there , married an english man and had an english daughter . 
  they paid their taxes to the british government as did her uncles . 
  she has now decided to move back to ireland because she no longer feels britain is the right place to raise my cousin , because at a minutes notice my aunties residency , 25 years of residency could be revoked . 
  her english husband faces no such threat in ireland because we treat the families of our citizens with the fucking respect they deserve . 
  finally , i 'd like to point out that most british people do n't feel this way , many many were tricked into voting to leave and many more just did n't vote . 
  but the rhetoric and current positions of the uk government are unattainable and reckless , many millions of families could be broken up by their morally reprehensible actions . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  about 10-20 thousand years ago that stretch was land . 
  and that 's how people got to ireland the first time round . 
  same in ireland , 6.50 is if you go to an expensive enough place . 
  5 euro will get you a guinness in most places . 
  outside dublin it 'd be 4 euro . 
  9 euro is cheap for singapore though , i basically did n't drink when i was there . 
  jesus we shitpost a lot in this sub ... 
  i wonder why our economy crashed hahah, 
  a helicopter ride to a humanist communion . 
  ehh sometimes , kinda . 
  that 's generally only common in areas where accents are thick anyway though . 
  he 's liked a lot by some disliked a lot by others . 
  he will be missed by a lot of people , just as plenty will be happy to see him go . 
  wait till you see the replacements though ... people will see enda a hell of a lot more favorably when varadkar or martin become taoiseach . 
  tee - shock/shuck i guess depending on what part of ireland you 're from .
