  loads of farmers and doctors in ireland for hundreds of years , literally nothing interesting . 
  10 european countries surveyed ... and notably more conservative countries at that . 
  surprisingly turkey is number 1 followed by ireland and then the uk . 
  absolutely , they 're already flying aircraft in greek airspace like . 
  pretty good point tbh . 
  yes but there 's nothing to stop someone from doing it , no checkpoints , no searches etc. 
  - ehh no not really , like high achievers tend to go to the top universities which are in the capital and some people send their children to private schools but they are all over the country so moving for a better education is n't really a thing here . 
  also schools in disadvantaged areas get much better funding in ireland . 
  - nope , if you have enough money for a couple months rent and a plane ticket and some qualifications to get a job you can set up a new life within the eu . 
  - yes , ucl/imperial college london/oxford/cambridge / zurich/ecole , plenty of other european ones too . 
  i should note that it 's mostly the top students that study abroad as most western european countries have good universities anyway . 
  do you take pride in repeating the slogan nra spokesman charlton heaston popularised in the wake of the columbine high school massacre ? 
  yes , the healthy relationships in ireland are ones that developed from friendships . 
  i have access to the internet and i 'm still bored . 
  with freedom of travel between eu countries it kinda has to impose some restrictions otherwise people can easily bring whatever guns they want from that are legal in switzerland or austria or czech republic to denmark where they 're illegal . 
  you 'd vote to leave europe and all the trade and travel privileges over a ban on certain types of guns ? 
  yup we have some of the strictest gun laws in europe and most people think they should be stricter rather than more lenient . 
  it 's basically illegal to own a handgun unless you had it before the ban came into affect , i 'd like to see there be a buyback on those guns . 
  or they have their firing pins removed . 
  you also ca n't have a semi automatic anything . 
  a rifle that holds more than 10 rounds or a shotgun that holds more than 3 rounds . 
  and for the americans out there , you also ca n't carry a knife unless you need it for work . 
  it 's tough to trace a lot of the irish/english words , as they 've both been ties together for hundreds of years and words have been adopted by both left right and centre . 
  bog is a contraction of the irish bogach too , not sure if the engish or the irish made the contraction though . 
  west of ireland : - more sun than scotland ... just - affordable pictursque land - reliable internet in plenty of places ( it 's not universal though so you really need to check that out when buying the property . 
  - one of the safest places in the world . 
  - never more than 5-10 miles from a town in ireland . 
  - yeah , not too strict . 
  you just need to be super nice to neighbours and take their concerns into account when building . 
  turkish denial . 
  maybe not so much in organised crime , but most crime is n't organised , and plenty of legally bought guns work their way into criminal enterprise anyway so although i accept that most guns used by gangs come from former warzones , there is still a need to restrict guns that do n't really serve a particular sporting purpose . 
  after that raids can be done to remove illegal guns from circulation . 
  but if you have a constant supply of inappropriate guns then criminals will just steal those guns when their stockpiles run out . 
  you 're just prolonging tackling the problem rather than solving it now for future generations . 
  i think anders breivik thought otherwise ... 
  i dunno if there are any that i would regard as particularly true . 
  drink a lot : kinda ? 
  but no more so than any other country really . 
  fun : yeah like we 're pretty friendly and all and like to have a good time but ireland is also quite an introverted nation and most foreigners do n't know that . 
  do n't speak foreign languages is definitely true ( not universally but most people only speak english with a bit of irish and a bit of pig french , german or spanish ) . 
  we just do n't get the exposure to learn properly to be honest , it 's very hard to learn from a grammar book . 
  some people want to buy ground to air missiles , should they be legal to buy by civilians too ? 
  every society no matter how free has restrictions , it 's about where you draw the line on these restrictions . 
  you ca n't make certain chemicals and explosives legal to buy by the public because they 're dangerous in the wrong hands , likewise with some guns . 
  no society is fully free anyway so it 's a silly point . 
  except the sea mine ... 
  can still own a rifle man , what do you need large magazines and combat weapons for in norway ? 
  this does n't restrict the shotguns/rifles that are used for hunting . 
  heck it does n't even prevent handguns like ireland has a law against . 
  how bout the ones who steal legally obtained guns ... ? 
  irelands gun laws are significantly more restrictive that this anyway so i 'm in favour of it . 
  i do n't like the idea of guns that have a combat purpose floating around . 
  too easy to steal one and go shoot up a school . 
  yeah ireland 's position has always been neutral , but we 're just shit at it , we do n't have a large army like most neutral countries do , and ca n't in any way protect ourselves apart from guerrilla warfare after we got invaded . 
  nah we joke about that we just do n't let other people joke about it . 
  in ireland `` fix the roads '' is probably number 1 . 
  i dunno 21 , 22 during winter and probably 15-20 during summer ( when we do n't bother heating the house . 
  ok i do speak a fair bit of irish but i 'm not fluent and nobody else is going to post this soo ... 
  [ enjoy !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxjvnunxhku ), 
  irish dairy is the best dairy , butter is especially crap outside of ireland . 
  the world now has a significantly worse opinion of america than it ever had under bush . 
  the divisions are more nationalist/unionist in ni to be honest , it 's mostly political these days , the communities are more split by their political/cultural identities rather than their religious ones . 
  i want immigrants to enhance our culture , bring the good bits and drop the shitty bits . 
  in 99 % of cases i want immigrants to celebrate their cultural holidays/traditions as well as ours , just do n't break the serious laws and everything is cool , it 's just how this country ticks , break small laws and nobody cares , assault or murder someone and everyone will take it personally, 
  sexually assaulting a girl gets you a first class ticket to the ground . 
  no only thing that would cause a fistfight for sure is if a guy sexually assaulted a girl like grabbed her chest or privates and other guys saw , that chap would be decked . 
  worse so far to be honest ,, 
  exactly . 
  i do though, 
  with piss, 
  guinness is the one true stereotype about ireland ... 
  no americans are up there with the least cool , jamaicans are some cool fuckers . 
  no that 's retarded , stalin or the nazi 's probably get that title . 
  do n't get me wrong trump and the republicans are dangerous , but not really anymore so than any other republican administration , war is inevitable it 's all about which country the republicans decide they want to destroy , iran ? 
  north korea ? 
  china ? 
  not everyone in ireland hates enda , he is devious though , nobody denies that . 
  wait till you hear what we call the president . 
  nope , but when you 're setting up a student run club make sure you clear stuff with the university and security and if neccesary the relevant aviation authorities ... cos reasons ... also letting off rockets in the middle of a city is a bad idea ... 
  nope . 
  there is an in school program for people who just want to go into the trades where the final 2 years of school are n't exam focused but they just do different classes in the same school . 
  to get into college it 's solely based on exam results , well and aptiude tests for things like medicine and you 'll have to submit a portfolio for architecture or art but they are the exceptions . 
  normally you do 7 subjects for final exams , you get 100 points max for your best 6 results and each college course has a set number of places , the people with the best grades get accepted . 
  i submitted both when i got my passport and they only put down the first of the two . 
  not at all representative , irish people online are less friendly than in person . 
  and irish people are incredibly moderate in their politics , this does n't come across online , where we tend to be very libby . 
  united ireland ... 
  nah , we aint that dark . 
  except we joke about marriage all the time . 
  occasionally dark ? 
  ... occasionally ? 
  everything goes in ireland , from puns to dark shit to ungodly amounts of sarcasm , only thing that we arent overly fond of is overly crude humour like some aussies have . 
  i was going to say we could take on the uk but that 'd get sooo ugly . 
  nope , well the british people on r/europe get offended wayyy easier than those in real life and will call you racist if you say their government are cunts . 
  i 'd say irish people come across fucking terribly online , because people do n't seem to realise that we 're taking the piss 99 % of the time if it 's a controversial subject . 
  for me it 's the purple passport , we used to have a lovely green one . 
  i can no longer quote seamus heaney when someone thinks ireland is part of britain : `` be advised my passport 's green , no glass of ours was ever raised to toast the queen . '', 
  for me it 's the donegal irish accent for both . 
  ireland had a plan to invade northern ireland in 1969 ...
