  i just feel like may 's government needs to go down if any brexit deal is going to happen at all ... her cabinet just seems laden with hubris and ignorance regarding northern ireland in particular , and on top of that she 's being fed false information and harmful opinions by the dup now too . 
  brexit makes me sad too ... 
  i forsee a lot of brits hating the irish in the future because of the position we 're being put in by may 's government . 
  certain pubs in northern ireland ... you do n't want to say the wrong thing or have the wrong background in a pub filled with ira/uvf people . 
  not sure i 'd eat their mutton tbh . 
  we 've had enough of invasion and occupation . 
  plus , i do n't know many countries as beautiful as ireland , fewer that are islands . 
  not a fan of his take on irelands corporate tax rate ... lads ... we wo n't be changing it , we have a veto on any eu vote to force us to change so quite frankly it 's silly to keep banging on about our 12.5 % ... especially since that 's not the real problem since we have the most efficient corporate tax structure in the world , meaning 12.5 % is what businesses pay , no ifs or buts , whereas france has an official rate of 33 % iirc but the actual average rate is closer to 8-9 % . 
  work on your own taxing structure before trying to force other countries to chance theirs macron ... 
  aww hell nawh . 
  iceland . 
  showered this morning , so nothing ... 
  no , that 's ridiculous , nobody cares , heck my laptop is stuck on american english so it autocorrects to the american spelling of everything ( drives me nuts ) but nobody else notices . 
  only time when you should use british english is if you 're attending a british university/working for a government where there are style guidelines . 
  +353\u00a094\u00a09025600 that 's enda kenny 's phone number . 
  he 's the former taoiseach ( prime minister ) of ireland that stepped down 2 months ago ... 
  he 's got nothing to do now , so if you call his office and ask them for an autograph he might oblige you and send one out ... worth a shot anyway . 
  no the threat on guam was in retaliation for trump saying he 'd destruction like never seen before down on north korea after they had a successful missile test a few weeks back . 
  i do n't see why to be honest ... do n't get me wrong , it 's a decent song and all , but is it really the best song coming out of the uk at the moment ? 
  i can think of a number of ed sheeran songs that are better imo . 
  north korea have been doing nuclear tests for years , they have had rockets for years , only now is there an american president stupid enough to provoke the already seriously unstable north korean leader into actually doing something with them . 
  it 's rule one of international diplomacy , do n't threaten to nuke someone unstable when they also have nukes . 
  i 'm not on their side , at all . 
  i 'm saying that trumps stupid rhetoric is causing north korea to amp up their threats . 
  the whole guam threat was in retaliation for trump stupidly threatening to use nukes on north korea . 
  i disagree , i think we have returned to what it was like under bush . 
  plus if north korea attack guam because of trumps needless provocation , everyone is going to be pretty pissed at the us for not dumping him before now . 
  i do n't really buy american products anyway to be honest . 
  i watch game of thrones though . 
  all we can do is ignore it , and hope trumo stops provoking north korea to do something stupid . 
  i would hope the other nuclear powers like france and the uk are trying to convince trump to tone down the rhetoric and to opt for an invasion rather than dropping nukes , if north korea go for guam . 
  as for americas internal racial politics , i 'll continue to ignore it as i always have, 
  thai , indian , vietnamese ... could n't choose between them to be honest . 
  a bit popular , like i go for a run every week or so , for about 10 miles on country roads ... it 's awfully boring though when you think about it ... so most people just play a team sport instead . 
  just not the ones on the internet ... in real life we 're lovely though . 
  no , you 'd get punched if you tried that shit here ... by your mother after someone called her to let her know how much of a cunt you are . 
  ireland , i seem to remember we stay with our parents for longer than a lot of countries in europe , this is partly cultural but mostly because people are saving to afford the down payment on a house , which is difficult with current house prices . 
  these questions are becoming more and more obvious . 
  but if you do find a gun at the start of the zombie apocalypse , survival will be very easy . 
  i 'm rural enough to survive the first day or two easily enough ... then i 'd take the car into some small towns around me , arm myself with a golf club or two . 
  i 'd raid the houses of the recently deceased to look for canned foods , staying away from places like shopping centres etc where other scavengers might go to first to avoid confrontation and being robbed . 
  plus there would likely be a hoard of zombies in population dense areas like that anyway . 
  i 'd then scope out a local gun shop that i know of and if it looks deserted i 'd break in and take some guns and ammunition . 
  if it 's already raided i 'd drive a few miles to my uncles house , he has a shotgun ( farmer ) . 
  i 'd bring a metal barrel/plastic tank and stop in at some small country petrol stations i know of and take a ton of fuel , maybe make multiple trips if it 's safe enough ... 
  i 'd then go to my family home in the countryside , which is a big stone building with thick walls and clear fields around , with a clear shot for a mile around . 
  i 'd barricade the windows , possibly with bricks and mortar on the downstairs windows and stay there until law and order prevails ... 
  i 'd make occasional scavenger runs to get water and food in deserted houses/small shops/deserted country restaurants . 
  luckily i live in ireland so if i need clean water i just have to put out a load of big buckets and they 'll fill up when it rains . 
  i 'd sit on the top story of the house with rifle in hand and fire warning shots at anyone who comes withing a mile of the house . 
  pretty good , sometimes there is traffic on the ones near dublin , but they are generally in fairly good condition . 
  there are some toll roads , most are n't though , and they only cost a euro or two anyway . 
  speed limit is 120km/h . 
  do n't you guys basically have that anyway , except in name ? 
  wales , scotland and ni all have their own regional governments . 
  they tried to get rid of the seanad ( senate ) a few years ago but the referendum failed ... 
  the senate does n't do much in ireland but the conversation was based around saving 150 million in wages/operating costs which people did n't really give a shit about and rathered leaving the fairly minor protections and powers the seanad does offer but never uses , like the american checks and balances approach i suppose . 
  to be honest though senates are n't really that necessary in a parliamentary system , and nobody pays any attention to them in ireland . 
  you should n't pay any head to those interview videos ... they often ask tons of people and only select the couple of idiots who did n't get it right ... most people know where north korea is ... or at least know it 's in europe . . 
  i see there townie-culchie divide exists in france too . 
  most western and northern european countries are as good if not better then america in all of the aforementioned categories . 
  for mass job market look at the bigger countries like the uk , germany or france . 
  boards.ie was ok a few years back , it was a little similar to r/ireland today ... but then the mods got power hungry and the site got crap ... nobody uses it much anymore . 
  depends on how much and how often you do that . 
  rubarb/apple tart ... 
  it would n't surprise me if it 's originally a british thing but it 's definitely more commonly eaten in ireland . 
  it 's more about how you drink in ireland , drinking alone is the issue . 
  cunt , move on , do n't give him your time or interest , he feeds off the attention , ignore him and he 'll be forgotten about . 
  might go . 
  sounds to me like you are n't so much left wing as delusional to be honest ...  us and turkey should be sanctioned to all hell until they elect benign leaders who decides which countries should be sanctioned ? 
  what criteria , how is this not a direct affront to the very concept of a countries independent democratic will ? 
  why should europe take in millions of poor black people ? 
  how does that help the existing problems in africa ? 
  surely we should dedicated our resources to improving conditions in african countries rather than wasting everyones time with pointless gestures like accepting a few million people that 'll just be replaced by africas high birth rates within a year anyway . 
  that just kicks the problem down the road rather than tackle it . 
   countries with non-proportional political systems should be penalized in trade no electoral system is perfect , they all have advantages and flaws , proportional representation works well in some countries but other systems are adopted by other countries and work very well , you 're going to sanction 95 + % of countries now ? 
  how does that work ? 
  and again it 's a direct afront to democracy because you as an outsider are challenging a people on their democratic decision to use a certain electoral system . 
  that 's not left wing at all . 
   there should be a global 50 % income redistribution . 
  how the fuck does that work ? 
  seriously how does any form of implementation not result in a ) wars , b ) massive widespread , unprecedented corruption and c ) complete and utter failure . 
  trump : do n't really care , does n't effect us much . 
  apart from being ideologically opposed to many of his `` positions '' . 
  brexit : literally an existential crisis brought on by the vote of our our best friend/worst enemy . 
  it has brought up the issue of a united ireland again ... a bitter issue that needed a lot more time than we have been afforded ... it 's very worrying to be honest . 
  also the uk is our biggest trading partner and brexit will hurt us economically much more than the rest of the eu . 
  1 : no , he 's incompetent . 
  2 : not at the moment , that reputation was seriously damaged under bushs tenure , and now the election of trump has shown the world that americans ca n't be trusted to put professionals in their most powerful position , whatever his politics , trump is careless and stupid with the intelligence of allies and does n't understand the basic principles of major trade bodies like nafta and the european union ... it 's like he 's trying to teach a graduate class in differential geometry despite not knowing how to add or subtract . 
  3 : north korea is a big fucking problem , and nobody knows how to deal with them , but the main concern everyone has at the moment is if all hell breaks loose the trump will be in charge and he is not a rational actor , he does n't thing through the basic consequences of actions so how can anyone trust him to be the man to make a decision to possible launch an invasion of north korea , bomb major cities there and possible incite ww3 with china in the process . 
  america needs to be playing hardball with china on the north korea issue , they need to place taxes on all chinese imports until china stops trade with north korea . 
  trump is n't doing this . 
  4 : as far as i can remember the european union prevents many european countries from outright legalising marijuana , so many countries are trying to decriminalise the drug first , and hope that puts pressure on the eu to allow legalisation . 
  i could be wrong on this though . 
  5 : not for me . 
  not worth looking up to . 
  not the worst , but too often do despicable people rise to the top of american politics and business . 
  general attitudes of gun regulation , policing , military , nationalism border on mental illness in my opinion . 
  also america still has a massive racism issue that is n't addressed in a reasonable way , rather either swept under the carpet with phrases like `` racism does n't exist in america '' or the whole thing comes to a militant partisan divide , where people just shout and kick but never ever listen to the other side ... it 's childish and ridiculous . 
  6 : chances of earth being the only country to foster life in the universe are mind numbingly small , i have no significant doubt that some form of life exists outside earth , where though ?
