  smoking is illegal in public buildings , restaurants , pubs , etc etc , and on public transport . 
  in theory ... but for the sake of devils advocate : how comfortable are you having a convicted pedophile living next door to your young kids ? ... 
  how comfortable are you working with someone who murdered one of their previous colleagues ? ... 
  flip a three sided coin . 
  depends on the crime i suppose . 
  white collar ? 
  sure . 
  rape ? 
  child abuse ? ... 
  not so much . 
  we have 8 boats now ? 
  jaysus , we 're really moving up in the world . 
  grass ... the amount of comments about ireland being green we get ... 
  not the best idea to do in countries without an abundance of cycling lanes though ... need to be ready to brake . 
  damn i thought i was lucky with 25/km ^ 2 ... you barely have to deal with anyone ever ... 
  ireland is 67/km ^ 2 too ... nice . 
  rural ireland is great !, 
  whole country is 67/km ^ 2, 
  normal student id worked grand for me . 
  mine was n't even in date . 
  i love a good secession . 
  1 ) terrible idea , allowing influential people to be the perpetrators of hate speech but not the average man will only serve to make dangerous people invisible to authorities . 
  hate speech should be either entirely illegal or entirely legal , incitement of violence should be illegal though with higher penalties for those with more influence such as tv hosts . 
  the burden should be on the government to enforce the law not private citizens , that includes the prosecution of crimes , hate speech included . 
  anything other would just end up worsening the sueing culture in america , and you 'll have kids suing one another for playground spats . 
  2 ) communism lite , would n't work anyway - getting capital to start a business requires some profit incentive for the investor , if the corporation ca n't make a profit , nobody would invest . 
  this would lead to economic stagnation pretty much instantly . 
  3 ) yeah , agreed . 
  but a healthy mix is also fine . 
  4 ) the government should regulate inequality to the same extent that it regulates deficits or a central bank regulates inflation . 
  most already do , do you mean control them more ? 
  again , communism lite , government should n't mandate a certain gini coefficient , but rather have the aim of acheiving less than 0.15 ... if you mandate it , you 'll have to enforce it , which means seizing land and property from the rich and distributing it ... communism lite . 
  5 ) or just make the tax code equal for non citizens and citizens , and have tax tied to where the business gets it 's revenue and where it 's registered . 
  6 ) generally the people with skills are the most educated and most willing to integrate . 
  there 's a healthy balance to strike . 
  yes . 
  especially outside dublin , people are generally friends with their neighbours , so it 's like asking , do people help their friends out in a time of need ... course we do . 
  also neighbours has a u goddammit :p . 
  give us a hundred years and we 'll start an empire ... 
  it 's payback time . 
  nothing to see here lads ^ ^ sets ^ ^ bomb, 
  france . 
  they seem to be taught english to the same level as i was taught spanish ... 
  woo shit eduction systems . 
  grand , we have some disagreements over religion i guess . 
  we love and respect them , and they love and respect us ... we do n't belittle one anothers contributions , work ethic , knowledge or understanding like seems prevalent in other countries . 
  obviously there is a bit of a split in the vote with some issues but thats only natural , the older generation grew up in wildly different circumstances , in uber catholic ireland , and consequently have some different beliefs ... but they are generally well educated when they vote , and vote for their priorities like everyone else , and that is respected . 
  the gay marriage referendum was truly heartwarming because so many stories came out of members of the older generation changing their beliefs on gay marriage and voting yes ... 
  most proud i 've ever been of my little country . 
  we do our best to take care of the older generation in ireland too , because we recognize that it is on their backs that our prosperity flourished . 
  the older generation generally see ireland 's progress as positive , they have seen younger generation after generation transform the country for the better , while maintaining the core values . 
  ireland is a weird case though , baby boomer does n't really fit with our older generation , they never boomed . 
  they suffered , and got on with life , making their own small mark , and allowing the next generation to make another mark . 
  that 's how ireland works , and hopefully it will always work like that . 
  ireland does n't want federalization though . 
  image isnt showing up, 
  probably best to avoid us if you 're looking for anything other than windy narrow , pothole ridden country lanes where [ 100km/h is a target rather than a limit . 
  ] ( http://www.mayo-ireland.ie/en/images/thumbs/driving-tips-speed-limits.jpg ), 
  nope , i have n't gotten around to it yet , i 'll probably give it a year or two for the political tensions to die down a bit first though ... 
  i feel like turkey is n't far off violence breaking out after the last `` election '' . 
  well i normally go to the pub to watch sports tbh ... 
  so i get a few pints of guinness and whatever seems nice on the menu for food . 
  at home idk , a banana ? 
  made plenty of friends , was bullied a bit until i punched the bully , apart from that i was a quiet kid who lived miles from town so i hung out with friends in school , but not much outside school , i realised after i went to college that i had very little in common with most of my former friends and that i did n't really like them too much , they were friends by circumstance more than anything else . 
  i kept in touch with a handful though . 
  i thought school was boring mostly , the classes moved quite slowly ( i would have been considered very academic ) so i just sat around doing homework in class so i would n't have to at home or talking . 
  for the most part yes . 
  we have lots of problems for sure with our legal system and our police but in general serious crime is prosecuted . 
  problems : sentencing is seen as far too lenient , people commiting serious crimes like murder have occasionally gotten off with 5-15 years ... ( not the average , but some cases infuriate everyone ) . 
  bail requirements are ludicrous ... there have been tons of cases people with long histories of violent crime being let out on bail only to commit a serious crime while waiting for trial . 
  most notably last week when some poor 18 year old spanish girl was raped by some scum of the earth shithead who , you guess it , was allowed out on bail despite a history of violent crime . 
  i should note that ireland is a bit of an enigma when it comes to sentencing , we have gotten significantly less lenient on violent crime , but still we are far more lenient than most countries . . 
  in the 1970 's -1980 's the average `` life sentence '' was 7.5 years ... not 75 , 7.5 . 
  nowadays it 's about 20 years ... which for murderers , is a bit short in a lot of peoples minds , but it 's certainly better than 7.5 haha . 
  ohh and white collar crime , generally goes unprosecuted , thanks to not really having an adequate prosecutors office for complicated cases dealing with financial crime . 
  the eu prosecutors office will greatly help us in that regard , because our government is n't going to invest in that . 
  i guess , it 's the same in ireland you need some form of voter id , be it a passport , drivers license , social services card or i think you can still use a birth certificate too . 
  but the republicans definitely do it to suppress the vote of poor black folks who disproportionately do n't have drivers licenses . 
  i feel like hockey is only played in girls private schools in the south though ... 
  i agree , but op said `` football sports '' though ... 
  i took that to mean sports like gaelic and aussie rules too , rugby is kinda borderline but kicking is a secondary aspect of rugby in a sense . 
  rugby or hurling or golf i 'd say . 
  fairly expensive and you can usually only buy them in certain shops that sell unusually products . 
  or online stuff for me . 
  i hate paying with card , i only do it for really expensive stuff ( 200 + ) and stuff online . 
  i dunno why , i guess i do n't really want there to be a record of every purchase i ever make tied to my account . 
  tookn bush a while to be as hated as he was , trump is almost at that level and he has n't even started an illegal war yet . . 
  i disagreed with obama , but the dude was compentant as fuck , he was a constitutional law professor from harvard for christ sakes ... trump has displayed nothing but gross ineptitude . 
  obama was respected , trump is a complete joke , and very very dangerous . 
  i 'm watching a movie right now with some mashed sweet potatoes and a side of cod ... 
  i view it as a snack ... 
  i had my dinner earlier . 
  people hold negative views about the irish for shit the ira did ... most do n't but some do ... 
  i do n't know about that particular route but i have bought tickets the day before a couple of times . 
  worked fine . 
  https://www.bahn.com/en/view/index.shtml that 's what i use to get trains inside and to/from germany . 
  a 3 michelan star restaurant ... think you answered your own question there man . 
  we drink tap water in ireland . 
  it 's also required by law to provide free water at any restaurant or pub/bar regardless of whether or not you 're buying food/alcohol . 
  a historian noticed that there was no burial place listed for 796 children who died in a mother and baby home in co. . galway ( catholic home for women who had children out of wedlock and their children ) aged between 35 foetal weeks and two to three years old .
