  then she heard rumours that babies were thrown in the septic tank from the facility , and and the site was dug up , low and behold , a huge amount of infant remains were found in the septic tanks . 
  the home was run by an order of catholic nuns , and the infant mortality rates were astronomical ( something like 30-35 % in some years ) , the babies were neglected to death at best , at worst more sinister stuff went on ... 
  there is an ongoing investigation at the moment after the site was dug up early this year . 
  needless to say this turned the stomachs of the irish people and by now we 're used to stories of pedophile priests and mass scale abuses of power and people by the catholic church . 
  most of this happened between the 50 's and 70 's if i remember correctly . 
  very critical cos we 're fucking shite though , if we play well , it 's champagne and caviar . 
  ehh , 2 or 3 i guess . 
  depends on what my financial situation will be like in 10 years or so , if i have lots of money and my future wife wants more , i 'm not opposed to more . 
  with whiskey . 
  ... not really though , i like flat whites . 
  ireland is a constitutional republic ... we do n't have aristocrats , some people are rich and business leaders do have some influence on government but it 's not too bad ... we do n't have nobility either . 
  the public would be pretty outraged by a reintroduction of nobles and aristocrats as that would be a reminder of british rule ... we did n't like british rule . 
  you guys have it easy compared to us lol . 
  and dumping hundreds of babies in a septic tank . 
  dublins influence only reaches about 6 or 7 km into meath though , to places like ashbourne , ratoath and dunboyne , go north of that and it 's dairy farmers as far as the eye can see . 
  the vast majority of meath is nothing like dublin whatsoever . 
  and even in ratoath and dunboyne it 's like 50:50 dub heads and culchies . 
  kildare is more influenced i suppose , but go more than 10k in and away from the m7 and m9 and it 's nothing like dublin again . 
  also a true meath person would never lower himself to the level of considering the royal county `` basically dublin '' . 
  soc dems , and the greens are a much better alternative ... and they actually do productive shit when they get seats rather than just populist bullshit and over the top republicanism . 
  green party . 
  social democrats ( both are pretty irrelevant , got 2 and 4 % of the vote respectively in my constutuency ) , labour used to be good too , but have been very disappointing recently , but i 'll still vote for them because without them , i 'd be living in a very different country , divorce , gay marriage , legalising homosexuality were all primarily labours doing , their most recent leader has been shockingly bad though . 
  then i begrudgingly put down fine gael as my number 4 and 5 picks just because they are responsible , at least compared to fianna fail ... 
  i wo n't touch sinn fein ... too many scumbags in that party . 
  wealthy countries on average . 
  racists exist everywhere , ireland is no exception . 
  racist groups are n't really a thing here though . 
  pretty well off , thats about it . 
  contributor to ireland , liability to the world . 
  before 2000 , ehh 50:50 to the world ( maybe a slight contributor , lots of great great things but ehh , lots of horrendous things too ) and still a contributor to ireland . 
  not really no ... ireland is just a mix really , does n't matter where you go . 
  do n't know any ... do n't think many have come to ireland . 
  who buys 5kg of blueberries though ? 
  do they not go off before you use them all ? 
  yeah , they are expensive enough though ... 5 euro for 380grams of a shitty brand , or 5.50 for 250 grams of a decent brand ( taste nicer ) . 
  you can probably get them cheaper at markets or sold on the side of the road but i dunno what those prices are . 
  yes . 
  like others have said , after the probation period . 
  range from like 20 students total up to 1500ish depending on your town and region of the country . 
  my schools were fairly big at : 1000 ( 8 years ) and 900 ( 6 years ) for primary and secondary respectively . 
  ohh and university was about 17,000 students . 
  my second uni will be in the uk and it 'll be 17,000 students too . 
  edit : more accurate university numbers . 
  because we were occupied by one . 
  what if you have a liquor cabinet with like 20 different alcohols ? 
  sadly not . 
  i went to munich , saw police everywhere , looking for something ... 
  they asked me if i 'd seen a small dog ... 
  op in case you have n't understood everyones sarcasm ... munich is one of the safest cities in the world ... loads of police , it 's a wealthy city and has all the amenities you could ever want in a city . 
  it 's significantly safer than any american city . 
  just for some reference op , there have been roughly 300 people killed by terrorist attacks in western europe in the last 5 years . 
  there are 33 , 000 gun deaths in america every year ... that 's about 110 times the number of people killed by terrorism in europe over the course of five years , 12,000 of those gun deaths are homicides . 
  northern ireland is a country that has lived through a real problem with terrorism , 3500 people killed during the northern irish troubles in a country with 1.5 million people , the current terrorism epidemic portrayed by the american media is laughable in comparison . 
  the truth is these terrorist attacks make great tv , but are almost utterly insignificant to everyone outside of the families of those effected , of whom there are roughly 550 times fewer than families of gun violence victims in america . 
  i had it once , did n't really like it ... would n't say i hated it though ... 
  very accessible in ireland anyway ... on all public transport , every cafe , restaurant , public building etc etc. . . 
  yes . 
  but i can just pick them from the hedges outside my house . 
  like 9 to 5-5 :30 with an hour break and a relaxed enough work environment , coffee breaks are pretty common throughout the day . . a minimum of 20 days off at your discretion , though 25 is more of the average i reckon . 
  plus 9 bank holidays ... 
  pretty sure we get a lot fewer holidays than france and italy though : / . 
  been shit on throughout american history and are still being shit on in many regards ... no i 've never met a native american , then again i 've never been to america . 
  ehh , most people know about native americans , and know about reservations and that , but would n't know much more to be honest . 
  we basically know that you guys were treated very badly , and still do n't seem to have adequate protections . 
   removing the condom without your partner knowing ... dat is fucked up , could be classed as sexual assault actually , if the partner did n't consent to not using a condom . 
   do europeans generally always use condoms outside of established relationships ? 
  as far as i know , mostly . 
   guys that are uncircumcised , do condoms make it so you do n't feel anything/much ? 
  i mean , yeah , it 's obviously not as good to have a constricting latex barrier ... better than getting some sti though . . 
  was 9 million before the famine lol ... 
  no , 4.7 million people versus , 80 and 66 i think ... 
  it 's just not comparable . 
  not overly important . 
  depends though ... over the age of say 25 people usually bring a bottle of nice wine at least . 
  if you know the person well , a more thoughtful gift is usually given . 
  i have n't had hiccups in years :'(, 
  influence and control of the catholic church is the big one . 
  how to reform our health sector , what we have now is n't great and its crazy expensive for what we get , been that way for decades though , so who knows if we 'll ever get real reform . 
  infrastructure investment and housing development is badly needed after the economic crash during which no money was set aside to do either . 
  we have an inadequate transport system for dublin and due to the low population density of the rest of the country , public transport infrastructure is pretty much non existent . 
  yeah ... we have tons of problems but sure , we are slowly making progress . 
  you 'll probably spend half the money or less in an eastern european city compared to a western european one if you do similar stuff in both ... that 's a broad approximation though . 
  bad luck or good luck , depending on which old lady tells you it ... 
  ireland would become more of a bureacracy ... fairer sure , but a pain in the ass to get anything done . 
  ehh not really . . 
  i mean , i know it 'd probably be grand ... but it 's definitely higher risk than most holiday destinations . 
  i wa n't to go to iran ... but will probably wait a few years before i go . 
  ahh sure , it 's only for a few months like . . 
  6 long islands , some friends and some decent music it does n't matter where you are ... it 's gon na be a good night . 
  we 're trying to stay the fuck out of both situations the best we can ... we 're unenthusiastically going through the usual traditions with the us government that we normally cherish ... we just ignore erdogan . 
  i dunno , like 2750 i 'd say , i 'm living in my parents until my masters starts in september ... 
  i buy some food and go hang out with people so really i do n't spend much at the moment ... like i am already saving money from tutoring a few kids every week ... life is simple when you do n't pay rent . 
  slightly uncommon i suppose , i 've only met one person with the same surname outside of my own family , but others pop up on facebook occasionally . 
  it 's not in the top 100 surnames anyway and i ca n't find any list that goes beyond the top 100, 
  extended family , yes . 
  legal , but ill-advised and the kids should still have to follow a curriculum and take state exams . 
  you 're from ireland , i 've always wanted to go to the uk ... 
  do i befriend them ? 
  depends , can i empathise with their position even if i disagree . 
  if i ca n't empathise ( like if they were racist or something ) i probably wo n't become friends with them .
