  how does a french person celebrate on a day like today ? 
  ohh , ok so not like the uk then haha, 
  guerrilla warfare 's a bitch tho right ? 
  northern ireland . 
  they just have to vote for it and we 're on our way . 
  that would be very much against our will ... 
  no , they 're grand , we have complete equality . 
  single transferable vote , like in the uk . 
  am i the only one who just has 7 or 8 pints of guinness throughout the night ? 
  ca n't drink shitty spirits . 
  pint of guinness is usually 5 euro , so 6-8 of them and it 's an enjoyable night . 
  then walk home . 
  probably 10 euro on food and crisps throughout the night . 
  call it 40-50 euro if i walk home . 
  how big are the beers ? 
  live in a republic . . 
  i do n't remember what i learnt in school and what i learnt from my own reading anymore , we definitely did the boston tea party though . 
  united ireland . 
  100 bottles of beer on the wall , 100 bottles of beer , take one down , pass it around , 99 bottles of beer on the wall , 99 bottles of beer , take one down , pass it around , 98 bottles of beer on the wall , ... and so on, 
  irish people will continue to travel the world and settle in other countries , their descendants will all claim to be irish cos we 're great craic and their ggggggg great granddaddy was born here , until the world is all irish and we will have conquered the world . 
  on at patrick 's day 2250 earth will be too hot for us to handle and we 'll hop on a spaceship to mars and create a new 32 county republic ireland on mars . 
  ireland , like most countries is not a federation . 
  the gardai are funded by the national government and act somewhat independently of but also report to the government . 
  yeah , ireland has loads more parents looking to adopt that there are children available so naturally some end up adopting from abroad . 
  nobody gives a shit . 
  they grew up in ireland to an irish family , they 're as irish as anyone and are generally treated like such . 
  dunno if there are any tbh . 
  certainly nothing g like the us anyway , then again we do n't imprison minorities for dumb shit so meh . 
  looks like shit . 
  most dreary place in ireland ffs . 
  great minds think alike, 
  cloudy and coldish , 30-40 % chance of rain . 
  temperatures usually range between 5-20 degrees . 
  fuck man , that 's the worst one here , you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  all children do . 
  you have , it was just too weak to notice . 
  yes 2.5 hours a fucking week , welcome to ireland 's biggest problem ... 
  the catholic church . 
  we do n't know what tactics are being used by either side , we only know what public statements they make , other than that it 's just speculation . 
  the british could utterly fuck themselves ( and ireland ) by refusing to pay the bill for stuff they already agreed to , or at least some of the bill . 
  no trade deal with europe would be a big big problem for a country that does n't produce anywhere near enough food to feed it 's population . 
  \u00f3 is more like ohhh , it 's similar but elongated . 
  yeah i was giving the 2 examples that were the most obvious elongations rather than listing them all . 
  and yes , bh sounds like a v. 
  i tried briefly , she was german but i had very little german and her english was n't the best . 
  it did n't work lol . 
  both . 
  ye chuck in silent letters to spice it up though . 
  we have accents called fada ( which means `` long '' ) . 
  it acts to elongate vowels . 
  a - sounds like ah , \u00e1 - sounds like aww or u - sounds like uh , \u00fa - sounds like ooo also the letters j , k , q , w , x , y , z are n't generally used except in the case of certain gaelicised versions of modern english words . 
  v is also a very rarely used letter , though it is used in some older words ( used in onomatopoeic words ) . 
  the funds are mainly infrastructure , which leads to stronger economic output . 
  and when each individual country in a trade block has a high output then the block gains strength and bargaining power . 
  look at what happened with ireland , we were a poor country until we joined the eu , we got lots of infrastructure investment which enabled us to attract foreign investment and increase our trade output by 5/6 fold and now the eu is benefiting from our membership . 
  this could never have been done so effectively had we had to finance all of our infrastructure investments , we could n't have gotten loans that big let alone paid them off at high interest rates . 
  fuck no . 
  and it 's only certain branches of islam that hold those radical beliefs . 
  there are over a billion muslims in the world , and you 're focusing on the few that come from fundamentalist countries that have been plagued by wars and coups instigated by the us and uk . 
  plenty of muslims believe in a separation of church and state . 
  psycho , yeah you 're good . 
  nope . 
  i was pretty similar , had first drink at 18 , then did n't drink again till 19 . 
  then drank occasionally ( once every 2 months or so ) until 22 and i 've had a drink maybe once every 3-4 months since . 
  i just do n't care for it . 
  so , i take it your friend lives in america and is now worried about the stalker coming to america and in-person stalking him/her . 
  just block him and be done with it , this is no different from if you got a cyber stalker from india or another asian country . 
  block them on facebook , block their email , block their usernames on whatever other social media your friend has . 
  even if they could go to america ( which they ca n't refugees usually ca n't get visas for other countries ) how would they find your friend ? 
  west coast , gaeltacht areas . 
  18 , most people in ireland would be 15/16 though . 
  day off, 
  those things are done but by individual classes in school hours not extracurricular clubs yanno . 
  no clubs except sports teams . 
  settlement in italy predates the roman empire though , surely there 's some older stuff , no ? 
  south america cooperates a little bit and north america does too but that 's only three countries and europe is closer anyway . 
  ireland : - very difficult to get a gun , only allowed for hunting or clay pigeon shooting ( sport ) . 
  - you need a license for each gun , and i 'm sure theres a limit on how many you can own . 
  you also must prove you have a genuine reason to own a gun ( you must be a member of a hunting club or a farmer ) . 
  comprehensive background checks are mandatory and a psychiatrist , doctor or psychologist may be consulted about your character . 
  if you are prone to anger or are unstable in any way you will not get a gun license . 
  if you have a criminal record you will not get a gun license ( unless it 's something minor ) . 
  applications take up to 3 months ( intentionally long so people do n't buy a gun just to kill someone ) to be processed . 
  - single action shotguns or rifles , no military style semi-auto or fully auto anything . 
  you can get a .22 handgun or a .177 air pistol . 
  no other handgun is legal . 
  magazines on rifles are limited to 10 and shotguns are limited to 3 . 
  any rifle over .308 is banned . 
  incediary , explosive ammunition are banned . 
  - gun laws are ok , most people would like to see more restrictions on how guns are stored because most are n't stored securely and plenty are stolen from cars and work their way into criminal enterprise . 
  ireland simply does n't have nor want any kind of gun culture . 
  people do olympic shooting or hunting . 
  the basic guns required for these activities are allowed and that 's it . 
  you can not get a gun for personal protection , you must report if a gun is lost or stolen and you must renew your license every three years . 
  not common , but there are a few around . 
  though they 're generally shit festival food . 
  1-3 times a week , love salmon . 
  we definitely have man lol . 
  people just do n't spend like they used to . 
  we 're all scared as fuck and the housing crisis is taking most of peoples money anyway .
