  do n't really want federalization either . 
  i want a europe where we we co-operate but not one where the bigger population countries have more say in the politics of the small countries own population . 
  the benefits of the eu are in creating a big trading market and allowing freedom of movement . 
  why we need to take it further and undermine the authority of our own governments seems kind of stupid to me . 
  do i want to live in an ireland with eu citizens living as my neighbours and working alongside me ? 
  yes . 
  do i want to be able to travel and study freely around europe ? 
  yes . 
  do i want and eu police force showing up in ireland to enforce some eu directive we voted against ? 
  fuck no . 
  that 's where federalization leads , nobody talks about that though , even though you can just look at the us for evidence , if a state does n't comply with federal law , a federal police force is sent in which has authority over the state police . 
  i do n't want the eu to have that sort of power , sure i trust the eu mostly right now , but in 20-30 years who knows what sort of crazy shit they could try forcing ireland to do . 
  there 's just to many unknowns to make federalization a good idea and a unified nation would never work , it 'd just 27 or more countries giving up their nationality . 
  no , absolutely no point , there are like 2 weeks out of the year that would be considered `` pool weather '' . 
  pools cost too much to install to make that worthwhile , and anyway we have loads of lovely beaches that are even nicer on those days . 
  do n't have allies . 
  the closest partner we have is the uk . 
  iraq war , that 's what started it anyway . 
  [ how about this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ka9qkgcnrm ) ? 
  real subtle :p ... 
  seriously though rebel songs are indicative of irish history , a huge amount of trad songs are rebel songs , subtle and not so much , our national anthem is a former rebel song sung by the old ira during the war of independence ( that 's the subtle kind ) . 
  maybe songs like this should be retired but it 's a catchy tune and will likely be around forevermore . 
  there 's the usual , fat , willfully ignorant , loud stereotypes . 
  american exceptionalism has become a parody of itself , claiming to have the best of everything when the reality is america usually lies in the mid-twenties in most rankings ... cept yanno , highest incarceration rates , most guns , and most money spent on military . 
  in reality these are just stereotypes , and most people know loads of americans are perfectly decent , nice people ... though a bit loud at times . 
  those are only stereotypes though ... irelands stereotype is we 're all drunk when in reality we drink less than most other european countries . 
  someone asked for rap venues on r/ireland today ... nobody knew of one ... yeah , not great . 
  [ red dear ] ( https://rtejr.rte.ie/wp-content/blogs.dir/22/files/2014/10/red-deer-copy.jpg ) i love our national animal , it 's perfect for ireland , majestic , passive , kind , beautiful , just do n't fuck with us . 
  depends , most people would n't give two shits about an adult transitioning , but by the same token would n't give two shits about providing any special facilities for trans people , it 's seen as their decision and not something the state or other people should get involved in before , during or after treatment . 
  a child transitioning would n't be looked upon favorably by most people , the parents would be seen as highly irresponsible to allow anyone under the age of 18 to undergo major surgery like that . 
  then again people have the same attitude to letting underage people have plastic surgery . 
  let the body and the mind develop fully past the age of 18 or 21 ideally and then allow the decision to be made . 
  yeah , i doubt ni will get their shit together within 20 years , 40 years though and we 're talking . 
  i 've heard a disturbing amount about him in the media lately ... well before the election ... 
  i hope he gets absolutely massacred if he tries to return ... flat out lied to westminster and dragged the uk into an illegal war ... 
  finland or norway or ireland probably , i was born in , grew up in and live in ireland . 
  yes . 
  tv , music industry , film industry , fast food . 
  100 % irish bitches . 
  exactly what the average european is , voting and paying taxes . 
  dafuck is this question . 
  attitudes changed slowly from 70 's to late 90 's . 
  stop fucking up the middle east , then accept more refugees . 
  at halloween , no they are n't legal , people buy them in northern ireland . 
  28 eu countries , 28 different application systems ... 
  pick a country first . 
  definitely worse to binge drink ... but i think we all knew that deep down . 
  ya forgot to mention the pallet worship ... 
  st. patricks day , it 's a very nice day in ireland , nice litttle parade in every town , wear some shamrock on your lapel , head down to the local pub and have a pint or two ... great day ... just stay out of dublin ... that 's where tourists go to `` celebrate '' in the `` lets all get so drunk we fall asleep in a puddle of our own sick '' manner . 
  aside from st. patricks day , we have very low key celebrations of the easter rising ( the poets rebellion that kicked off the big push for independence ) and a few people will recognise the 21st of january as our independence day , the day the original sinn fein won a landslide victory on a ticket to form an abstentionist government in ireland , acting on the declaration posted all over the country in 1916 . 
  we could also celebrate the date the anglo-irish treaty was signed , as that was what made ireland a free state and set us down the road of becoming an independent republic but that treaty caused a civil war , so it 's not celebrated . 
  ahh right fair enough . 
  the world would still be a safer place , even if berlusconi is a sleazy motherfucker , he 's not an incompetent idiot and would n't endanger the world . 
  i dunno who i 'd want but there are plenty i 'd love to get rid of , i 'd say trade conor mcgregor for bernie sanders . 
  no , of course not , ireland does n't even celebrate our own independence because of the civil war that followed . 
  why would be celebrate another countries . 
  hardcourt street and grafton street are the only spots i 've seen em . 
  i know one street in dublin that occasionally has 2 or 3 cycle richshaws , but that 's the only place i 've seen em in ireland . 
  more people , some different beliefs , seemingly less secular than most of europe , held back because of religion , and wars because of borders imposed by europeans , religious fundamentalism , dictators and other not so democratic leadership and invasion and most importantly destabilization caused by the west to secure oil , toppling governments etc. 
  that 's another name that nobody uses , british and irish isles , satisfies everyone , it 's simple , it only adds a few letters , and it follows the logic of the original ... that 's why we use it . 
  nope it was just some cafe not too far from the cathedral . 
  well the atlantic archipelago would be another name but nobody uses that . 
  in reality people usually just say britain and ireland , but second to that we 'd say british and irish isles . 
  it does n't come up very often though . 
  british and irish isles . 
  wars or protests are pretty much the only thing that makes the irish news aside from irish , uk or eu news . 
  probably just by not giving a shit what other people think , if you want to learn another language go do that , if not , who cares . 
  no , best ignore comments online , they never represent the true feelings of the population , they are just the people who feel most stongly about a certain thing that they spam subreddits like r/europe . 
  in reality their viewpoints are reasonably rare . 
  confirmed , had a mini me_ira moment . 
  what like give them 10 euro when the bill is 12 ? 
  lol, 
  a friend got given out to by the waiter in cologne for not tipping once , we were broke lol . 
  only happened once though , and i think they guy was just a bit of a dick . 
  depends what country you 're in ... lookin at you italy ... 
  brit is said with a certain bite in ireland ... 
  no , i generally try to deceive myself into believing that i do n't live in a world were 65 million people would vote for someone that colossally incompetent and repulsive . 
  it does n't really until they want you for speaking out against them politically . 
  by the eu . 
  i did n't realise that other countries have different emblems for each coin , we just have a harp on the back of all ours ... 
  i quite like the harp tbh . 
  added that to the french vocab list . 
  not very , though in my group of friends it 's much more common . 
  i 'm not btw , i just have loads of vegitarian and vegan friends and a handful of pescatarian ones . 
  people do n't tend to mind paying taxes much because for most of us it 's just taken straight out of our paycheck and included in the price of stuff , we are however more or less aware of how much tax we pay every year and so we expect the government to spend it wisely and if they do n't we get very angry . 
  aside from that some people think taxes are too high , some thing we should pay more and get more services in return , most do n't really care too much . 
  as long as there is n't some corrupt official stealing it all . 
  there 's one guy on the irish football team with the surname : ireland , i 've never heard it elsewhere though . 
  not normal , no but old ladies get away with shit like that ... 
  nah , key to ireland is just to get in a car and drive in a random direction and stop whenever you see something interesting , the country is covered with castles , monasteries , parks , etc etc , there is something to see virtually every few miles so just get in a car and go find em ... 
  we 'll stay neutral and bow to our new alien overlords thanks . 
  could n't imagine anywhere worse than monaco to be honest , stuck surrounded by rich dickheads . 
  give me a small cottage on the west coast of ireland with a few nice restaurants nearby . 
  i tend to think once your country reaches a certain level and has complete political stability other countries do n't seem all that appealing anymore , like o have no doubt that sweden or the netherlands or germany are great countries to live in , but so is ireland and i 've grown up with the irish culture , i love so many parts of irish culture and i 'd miss the countryside if i were to leave ireland . 
  sure other countries are slightly better for education , and crime and some other stats , but we generally score pretty well so the difference would n't be huge ... cept healthcare , our healthcare is well funded but still a complete shitshow . 
  yeah , fair enough, 
  wait what ? 
  we have the same sockets as you and we only have 2 screws ... 
  no , outlets are held to the wall with screws here ... 
  irish people make this mistake too .
