  need more time there . 
  do exams in 6 or more subjects with english , irish and maths mandatory , your best 6 results contribute to a points total and you put down a list of the college courses you most want to attend ... 
  the college 's select the highest points students who applied for each course and if you do n't meet the standard you are put into the running for your second option . 
  the process is repeated untill you meet the standard for a course or you do n't get anything and you can reapply next year or hope someone drops out of a course opening a place for you ... basically good students can do whatever the fuck they want , meh students usually get a course somewhere and not so great students either do n't get something or do n't bother applying for college . 
  this is simplified , there are additional requirements for some courses , like medicine . 
  also there are back doors methods of getting into college too . 
  though most people just get in the normal way . 
  in most of the country yes ... 
  in gaeltachts no . 
  no idea ... 
  absolutely none , we 're screwed like ... 
  either hold the borders and let people start slums on the eu border or die trying to get here or let everyone in and have them fuck up economies of unfortunately placed counties ... 
  like our only hope is countries dependent on young labour because of aging populations wanting them , like germany ... 
  the rest of us however ... why . 
  would a neutral country want to economically and politically burden themselves by accepting vast amounts of refugees ... 
  it 's all well and good having a good heart and wanting to help , and everyone should to an extent but the sheer numbers involved cause problems where refugee communities become isolated , ghettoised and this combined with significant cultural differences results in big problems . 
  be great if the us and russia would stop fucking causing this though ... 
  ca n't even convince those cunts to have less that 7000 nuclear bombs each ... how are we gon na convince them to take refugees from a conflict they fucked . 
  stop worrying about shit like this man . 
  the american media ( especially ) blows this shit wayyy out of proportion ... 
  advice would be to enjoy your trip and do n't watch the news ... europe is extraordinarily safe , i ca n't stress this enough ... sure occasionally some dickhead tries to stab some of the 750 million people in europe but it 's nothing in comparison to the problem of school shootings in the us , i 'm not saying that to hate on the us , merely to point out how silly it is to generalise the safety of any country based on news reports of a single or a couple cases of dickheads stabbing or shooting people ... 
  this islamist terrorist are n't even very effective . 
  the ira and uda/uvf were killing donkeys more people in the 70 's ,80 's and 90 's and nobody really gave a shit back then ... 
  seriously the threat of terrorism is miniscule ... 
  a shithole , but an environmentally friendly ( ish ) shithole . 
  do n't use them but if required there is a few for them yeah . 
  most people just bring their own reusable bags though, 
  madness i say , madness . 
  he 's just a poor boy , from a poor family ... 
  single , ca n't deal with a relationship for the time being , i 'm moving country soon and i ca n't do short term relationships so i 'm just happy on my own for a while . 
  identity politics and really any sort of partisan politics is an alien concept in ireland . 
  we have a very very centrist kind of political system , the usually criticism is the two major parties are almost identical . 
  ireland . 
  88 % approve of ireland in the eu . 
  right wing , and lunatic asylum . 
  normally yeah , at the moment no , good reason for that though , power sharing government between two largest parties = no political capital to force bills though , tons are being drawn up and just killed by the other party before they ever get to a vote . 
  for some reason i stick an `` l '' in there , ul-traw-cht ... 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  not really , most people do n't have an issue learning irish , only a vocal minority, 
  they found 6kg of semtex in ireland yesterday , shits about to kick of here too ffs . 
  i 'll probably emigrate to london or elsewhere in the eu for work , as i have a very specialist career path that involves inter-governmental associations and ngo 's . 
  that 's sort of stuff is n't really available in ireland . 
  shell is bigger than all of those ... 
  spending money on more police would be more effective and less restrictive of the general population . 
  the british have consistently had intelligence on the perpetrators of attacks but failed to monitor them because of a lack of resources ... 
  if i were british i 'd be blaming the tories for these attacks , they cut police spending , they are n't keeping you safe . 
  irish , french , german and spanish are the common ones ... then there are a dozen others you can take exams in , though usually classes are n't offered in mandarin , japanese or polish . 
  abortion laws , the church owns most school and hospital properties and has a huge amount of power in their running and in politics in general ... 
  the irish people have become pretty liberal recently but our parents come from a different world , a world where being gay was illegal , contraception was illegal , etc etc, 
  was at sziget too , well for one night anyway and it pissed rain the entire time , people were swimming in the mud and having mudball fights ... 
  i bumped into one guy and he tried to fight me i had to hide behind a tree to lose him ... ahh good times . 
  about the people ? 
  not much , they 're grand , conservative but hey i 'm from ireland so we ca n't say shit . 
  username checks out . . 
  spending money on economic sanctions that are more effective and with less fallout problems than the wars the us are fond of ... 
  seriously when you include money spent on economic strategies and other diplomatic solutions almost all the nato countries meet the 2 % . 
  also from an irish perspective , we are n't in nato and we 're glad not to be . 
  we 've had enough conflict in our history and are n't interested in getting involved in other countries businesses with the exception of un or eu peacekeeping . 
  if we get invaded so be it , we wo n't be the invaders . 
  went to sziget , it pissed rain , and some guy tried to fight me , i hid behind a tree . 
  another time was in winter with my college and everyone got super drunk and started streaking in -15 celcius outside the hostel while the binmen were working outside ( got a few high fives from them ) . 
  i 've spent the most time in singapore though , 5 months there . 
  that was boring though . 
  taken out of our pay , included in the price of items , we know the tax rate because it 's included on receipts / pay slips . 
  it 's a great system , y' all should adopt it . 
  ahh yeah o knew that at the time but she was screaming at me and blocking the exit , i just gave her the smallest amount of money i had in my wallet , which worked out to about 20 euro , maybe a bit less . 
  name came after the anthem , so not really . 
  forints , i just took money out at an atm there though . 
  it 's the simplest way and you only lost a couple of euro on exchanging it in a currency exchange . 
  if there 's nobody at the entrance to a public bathroom and you do n't have change do n't just go in and use the bathroom . 
  fucking paid 20 euro to get away from a crazy lady . 
  no , definitely not . 
  federalisation is becoming a possibility because many europeans view america as a problem and no longer trust their leadership in the world or them as an ally . 
  we need to be able to defend against russia on our own , and the us if need be . 
  well honestly its time to have protests of 50 million people . 
  those womens marches were great and all but utterly ineffectual and too small . 
  you need tens of millions of people clogging up every street , every airport , every train station , every public building , every centre of commerce until he is removed . 
  by now every american knows he 's going to do all the awful things he said he would ... war is coming , only the american people can stop him with protests bigger than any ever seen in america before . 
  fuck impeachment , it 's too slow , mass protests until he resigns in disgrace . 
  everyone thinks he 's a lunatic who belongs in a home . 
  any small party except sinn fein would go into government with either fianna fail or fine gael . 
  i dunno , they 're all great and different . 
  i just like to go somewhere i have n't been to yet . 
  yeah , 3 years experience needed for an entry level job . 
  first girlfriend was from asian family , though irish herself , she was nice enough . 
  yeah i do n't think she really ever experienced much discrimination to be honest . 
  you forgot to mention that labour lost 81 % of their seats last election ... 
  lost 81 % of their seats in the last election , they pissed off their base and their base hung them ... 
  i mean a teenager acting childish is kinda to be expected though ... like 99 % of us like the english and are genuinely only joking with the age old hatred crap . 
  the brits have a super multicultural society and are probably the best in the world at adopting different things from other cultures and making it their own . 
  like food , wonderfully inventive culinary scene in the uk . 
  they 're also quite nice and easy to get along with . 
  whitewashing over bad parts of their history , claiming a clean slate without ever really acknowledging wrongdoing and educating their schoolchildren on the worst things their country once did like germany do . 
  and atrocious foreign policy involving illegal , un condemned , wars and destablising coups . 
  pssst , might be a woman , 
  first place ireland will invade after unification . 
  and the ra drape it over their coffins . 
  burning flags is the national pastime in northern ireland , would n't matter if a new one was designed , they 'd just order hundreds and burn them too . 
  i 've heard iranian people are wonderful . 
  have n't been , would like to in the future .
