  that 'd be the right way to deal with it alright . 
  no need in countries that are already very pro eu ... 
  west brit is the colloquial term used for fellas like you ... 
  most people say it in a joking sense but there are a few gobshites out there who 'll be a dick about it . 
  height , weight ( of a person ) and dick size ... 
  nothing else . 
  i do n't know much about the greek economy , but i reckon if we all go on holidays to greece and spend all our money there it 'd help them out . 
  if enough tourists turn up their unemployment will drop and the government will meet more targets . 
  aside from that , a balanced austerity program that does n't completely destroy growth . 
  irish history i 'm solid on , british history i 'm pretty good , european history , i know of most things but would n't know many details . 
  world history i know the major events for the 20th century and a little bit of the 19th apart from that i 'm sketchy . 
  drinking games , i do n't mind drinking , or even drinking a fair amount but drinking too quickly is just miserable . 
  you 're doing pretty ok man ... 
  i 've a number of friends paying 8-900 for shitty rooms in dublin . 
  pretty accurate for dublin . 
  if you 're a student and short on money you can save a lot of money on things like the cinema , i used to get a ticket for 2 euro . . was great . 
  immediately start learning german . 
  partly responsible dev had more to do with that but liam cosgrove continued the trend as well as pushing the catholic agenda even more vigorously . 
  he really took that whole `` i 'm a catholic first , an irishman second '' thing to heart . 
  you ? 
  do n't have a populist right . 
  bertie did his best to spice it up though ... 
  yeah , though i read somewhere that our system is different from the standard stv , not sure how though . 
  our system is pr-stv ... whatever that means ... 
  yeah , lots of people complain about stv around the word but it genuinely just kinda works in ireland ... granted the greens get a bit underrepresented usually but they do n't get much of the first preference vote anyway . 
  no that only happens if there 's a challenge after the first term . . peaceful retirement is allowed if you serve two terms . 
  might have bertie ahern shiving michael d next year though . 
  westminster ... 
  in short , there are tons of technology companies being started in europe but american companies either buy them or push them out of the market before they really become household names ... 
  yup , made comments in ireland on irish tv , then someone made a complaint so the gardai had to look into it . . 
  cos people are stupid and want to believe america more of a shithole than their own country when everywhere has issues with racism ... because people are dicks ... my problem with america is the gun culture , i find that deeply disturbing ... and there seems to be serious problems with police training ... aside from that i do n't really see america as any more or less racist than europe . . and you 're right about gypsies and travellers by the way they deal with so much racism here ... 
  yeah it 's the same thing as what always happens , someone reports a `` crime '' the gardai are legally obligated to look into it and they just say they 're investigating and it just dies out and leads nowhere , this time though some newspaper saw that famous stephen fry was accused and so ran a story on it , then the british press heard and flipped their shit ... 
  meanwhile the gardai continued doing nothing and waited a few days to make it seem like they were taking it seriously then said there was n't enough reports of offense to qualify as blasphemy under the law ... 
  so yet again the law did what it was supposed to , not get people prosecuted ... 
  typical irish solution to things , stick a plaster on it and move on ... , 
  burden for prosecution is ridiculously high ... you need to prove that the accused not only intended to cause grievous offense to a large number of people ( left intentionally vague ) but continue to intend on causing offense ... basically the person needs to admit , in court that they still intend on causing offense . 
  people have tried to be prosecuted under the laws to make a point but the state just do n't waste money and time bringing a case against them . 
  yes , but un-prosecutable ones introduced as a stop gap measure untill we have a referendum to remove the constitutional requirement ( probably next year ) . 
  we never had blasphemy laws until 2009 when this was introduced when the legal system demanded the government stop leaving gaps required by the constitution ... tldr : technically yes , but not really . 
  they were n't hardcore enough , too much compromise nonsense / s. 
  black hair , green eyes , pale skin , soft features ... best looking irish women in my opinion . 
  i find different things attractive in all races , but it 's on an individual basis not a race by race basis . 
  i tend to find mixed race people of whatever kind very attractive . 
  i had forgotten about this ... quality stuff . 
  `` the media focus in on the minority that may pick up a petrol bomb '' ... cue videos of thousands of the fuckers destroying belfast . 
  pretty unpopular , but not too bad . 
  shit stain on the sheets rather than the mattress ? 
  i 'm not saying they wanted to shit the bed ... 
  they are n't being processed and accepted . 
  uk are blocking that currently . 
  catholic interrailing trip ehh ? 
  `` michael collins '' and `` the wind that shakes the barley '' are about the war of independence and the civil war respectively . 
  brilliant films , i highly recommend them . 
  i 'd rather a refugee get the job than an economic migrant , less hurt in the world , mutually beneficial too , and refugees tend to incorporate into a society much better than economic migrants who do n't intend to stay . 
  also economic migrants save their money more and send it back to their home country thereby removing money from the local economy . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  http://www.newsletter.co.uk/news/no-dup-apology-for-ulster-resistance-despite-gun-running-leading-to-murders-1-7427864 here is one , though the links are much deeped than even this suggests ... there will probably be numberous articles written in the coming days about all this so i 'll edit them in as i find them . 
  basically , the dup were just as connected to terrorism as sinn fein were , except sinn fein mostly accepts that as part of their history whereas the dup continue to deny at all costs . 
  yeah ... taking yourself too seriously is viewed as a serious character flaw in ireland . 
  if you thought ukip were bad , just wait till you get a load of these cunts ... 
  they blocked gay marriage in northern ireland by using a section of the good friday peace agreement that allows a veto on things that are `` grossly offensive '' to their culture ... 
  they literally see gay people as grossly offensive , not just the standard religious belief that marriage is between a man and a woman type thought process . 
  they also want playgrounds locked shut on sundays because fuck kids . 
  they are also liked to unionist terrorism , and more historically for the oppression and persecution of catholics , and boy do they want those days back ... 
  seriously there are reasonable unionist parties in northern ireland , the dup are not that , they are cunts , unashamed bigoted evil cunts who only get votes because of northern irelands stupidly partisan voting ... most of the people who vote dup do n't even agree with them , they just hate sinn fein so much that any moderate unionist party wo n't get their vote . 
  any sort of reasonable solution to northern ireland after brexit just got chucked out the fucking window . 
  the dup say they want a frictionless border but will do everything in their power to work against that . 
  honestly very few people care as much as this guy , irish and northern irish works fine . 
  not really no . 
  this would mean a million polish people would be deported from the uk ... 
  eu wo n't do free trade without free movement , it 's their founding principle . 
  that was never on the table , nor will it be ... 
  i 'm afraid if the uk wo n't accept free movement they 'll run into a brick wall and get treated like canada . 
  i know :'( . 
  and completely fuck ireland ? 
  no border between northern ireland and ireland , maintain the common travel area between the uk and ireland , uk stays in the single market , irish people continue to be treated with all rights of uk citizens in uk and vice versa ... 
  the uk leaving the eu in name alone is the best possible outcome for ireland . 
  the scots shat the bed and handed it to the tories ... 
  rural ireland here , yeah same here , maybe once or twice a year a tree will fall on a power line and cut off the power ... 
  it 's usually fixed within a few hours . 
  its a minor inconvenience though , just light a candle and grab a book and wait it out , go get take away for dinner . 
  i think it 's ok , though i 'm not disabled so i really would n't notice these things unless it was glaringly obvious ... public buildings and museums and the like definitely have accessibility features , how adequate they are , i dunno . 
  i have n't heard of complaints in the news anyway ... old buildings and churches will obviously have areas that are n't wheelchair accessible however ... winding staircases and the likes . . 
  yes that 's the best way to deal with money . 
  check the international atm fees and exchange rates your bank charges first though . 
  more than 1200 dollars i 'd say , but it entirely depends one what you 'll be doing , where you 'll be eating , will you be staying in hostels or hotels ? 
  will you be walking , getting taxi 's , using public transport ? 
  you can do those cities for 50 euro a day . 
  some people less , though that 's not much fun and some people spend a shit ton more . 
  70-100 euro a day will get you a decent hostel , allow you to eat out in nice enough restaurants 3 times a day and throw in some activities and a some drinking etc. . 
  centre left ... 
  anyone saying centre right are mad , the democratic party as a whole are centre right but bernie is definitely centre left . . bernie is your bog standard social democrat ... loads like him in europe . 
  definitely could be worse lads ... 
  fuck it man , if that 's what it takes to get sneaky access to the us presidents and remind people to come spend money in ireland as tourists so be it ... at least people are celebrating us rather than shitting on us these days ... 
  i stopped giving a shit long ago ... 
  lol , what autonomy ? 
  i did that but had a bit more time and added krakow and budapest ... great craic ... 
  horrible on security , and has the gaul to claim to be strong and stable ... 
  my tan is a distinct shade of pink ... 
  venice florence rome , go back to barca another time ...
