  ireland was n't partitioned in ww1 though, 
  terrible tourists . . 
  it 's the extremists left over from the ira , do you expect logic to affect them ? 
  yup basically just want all out war with britain ... 
  yup , and the lunatics like this guy remain . 
  yeah . 
  that 's the ticket . 
  provs have , this is a tiny offshoot that never accepted the good friday agreement . 
  they 're basically just drug dealers and scumbags . 
  lunatics basically . 
  the first picture there where she ties a jumper loosely around her neck/shoulders ... why do germans do this ? 
  it 's like the german version of an american wearing a fannypack and a baseball cap . 
  no we 're not , just loads of eejits from r/ireland think he 's the devil incarnate when he 's just a standard centrist-centre-right politician . 
  it 'll be a baby step right from ireland , he is nothing like the uk conservatives . 
  here 's his policy document if you care to know where he actually stands as opposed to the morons trying to sell you a false picture of him . 
  not true at all , go read his [ policy document ] ( https://www.rte.ie/documents/news/leovaradkar-policypaper.pdf ) ffs instead of spreading this horseshit all over . 
  he 's slightly more conservative on some issues than the centrist fine gael and slightly more liberal on others . 
  he is not this right wing nutter you seem to think he is . 
  granted i did n't like some of his rhetoric during the campaign but it 's nothing like the uk conservative , they 're fucking nutjobs . 
  varadkar is a baby step right for fine gael , nothing less , nothing more , he does n't even have much power ffs , we have a parliamentary system , fine gael runs the country , not just the leader . 
  abortion referendum next year ... 
  24 years ago his sexuality was illegal here . 
  to be fair though ireland actually did undergo a massive societal shift in the last 20 years ... 24 years ago it was illegal to be gay in ireland . 
  it 's not really news in ireland , quite frankly most of him see him negatively and he 's a step to the right when ireland is already run by a slightly centre right party . 
  we would have voted the fucker down hahah, 
  more of a social democrat ... that simple . 
  also he was n't uncharismatic , just a cork man , it 's the same shit enda got hit with , enda is a pretty decent speaker and very intelligent but he got destroyed by the populus because of his mayo mannerisms . 
  nah i do n't really think many people view it particularly negatively , it 's just a noticeable rift that might have consequences later on . 
  word of advice , when irish people talk about politicians it 's almost always an exaggeration of the truth . 
  here 's some translations for ya . 
  tory bastard - he 's centre right , but looks to protect the middle class possibly at the expense of the working class . 
  uses rhetoric about looking after those who get up early in the morning , that sort of comment is pretty uncommon in irish politics and sets off alarm bells for irish people and it 's commonplace among the tories in the uk ( whom all irish people fucking hate with a passion ), 
  party members voted against him by a 2:1 margin for the record ... 
  america is a rogue state because it is abandoning a worldwide treaty that is helped broker . 
  evangelicals that are waiting for the end of days ... yeah , they 'll get what they want . 
  i hope so , i was n't really saying they would definitely follow suit with the us , rather that there is less pressure on them to keep to the targets of the paris agreement . 
  this was written on the wall for months ... nobody should be surprised , but look china is stil dedicated to it , europe is dedicated to it , russia is dedicated to it , granted one would worry about many south american countries and south east asian countries willingness given the bad example set by the us but look this was a failing on behalf of obama to leave the option for the us to pull out when he knew damn well a republican would likely oppose it . 
  it 's up to the american people to take to the streets in their 10 's if not hundreds of millions now . 
  and europe should start imposing sanctions where possible . 
  the usa is a rogue state , they should be treated as such . 
  surprised we 're not higher up on that list to be honest . 
  would n't lidl be pretty expensive in comparison to walmart and all the big american shops ? 
  what 's the appeal of lidl other than it being pretty cheap ? 
  seems like this wo n't really work out . 
  this is the woman who has to negotiate with the behemoth that is the eu , but she does n't have the nerve to defend her views and manifesto against a silly little liberal ... 
  i 'd think twice about voting for someone with that little conviction in their beliefs and such little skill to convince the general public of her position in fair open debate against her primary opponent . 
  imagine what merkel and macron will do to her , heck enda kenny made her brexit preparations look laughable ... just out of interest , if any brits want to truly understand the complexity of the british position with regards to brexit , look at the report the irish government drew up a few months ago its a seriously good document , and by far and away more detailed than the white papers the uk government have produced so far . 
  this sort of stuff infuriates us in ireland . 
  because although the vast vast majority of us hate the ira and almost as many of us hate sinn fein and will condemn the ira at the drop of a hat , we also condemn the uda and uvf as well as the human rights violations and killings of innocents by the ruc and british army . 
  whereas when was the last time the uda or uvf were mentioned in the british press ? 
  they were just as much terrorists and the ira , even more so actually as their victims were 85ish % civilian compared to the ira 's 30ish % , in fact the ira killed more ira people than the uda ever did ( iirc , approx figures i might edit in the exact ones later ) . 
  anyhow there is this massive blindspot in the british psyche with regards to terrorism and attrocities commited in their name as opposed to terrorism commited against them by some outsider . 
  be it the irish or whomever . 
  it 's deeply problematic to ignore the grievances of or oppress a certain segment of the population and to whitewash over their side of the story after a peaceful outcome was achieved by both sides admitting wrongdoing and negotiating a peace . 
  i 'm not saying the british are the only ones who do this , nor that all brits do , but it is a distinctly noticeable characteristic of the british mainstream media when looking in from the outside or indeed from looking in from a position with a more balanced outlook on the past . 
  holy shit , 3 points . 
  i know it 's just a poll but damn what a comeback . 
  imagine if corbyn actually had the support of his own party , and they did n't spend the last 2 years trying to knife him ... 
  they should have the right to nuke it but not actually see any of the private stuff . 
  it 's amazing that that is possible for just 120 million . 
  8000 towns and cities ... t, 
  possibly , but we have free wifi in most shops/cafes/restaurants / public building and all public transport in ireland and it 's a lifesaver for students and travelers who ca n't afford data . 
  nice , now vote labour because of your retarded first past the post system . 
  i have zero issue with ariana grande , the other stars though make me feel uneasy . 
  i know this is a good thing and all but something strikes me as insincere about this , it was fine when it was just ariana grande doing something because she obviously felt awful ( though really she shouldnt , it was n't her fault ) but all the other stars getting involved seems like a massive publicity stunt for them . 
  maybe their hearts are in the right place but it does n't feel right to me . 
  we hold our country responsible for the mother and baby homes ... 
  not entirely accurate , enda had said he would n't lead his party into the next general election , and because of the weird powersharing agreement we currently have the opposition can call a general election at any time . 
  the consequence of this is people were waiting for enda to slip up even slightly and pressure him to step down on the back of it . 
  enda did n't really have anything to do with the garda scandals , he just said something incorrect in the d\u00e1il and subsequently apologised but it was too late , all he could do then is postpone when he step down , he waited a few months for a more appropriate time and stepped down . 
  it was n't holding onto power or getting thrown out because of any great wrongdoing as some eejits make out . 
  his time had simply come , he had lead his party for 15 years and the country for 6 and his control over his party had run out . 
  it 's what 's supposed to happen in a functioning democracy . 
  ehh , about 30,40 % of people think enda was a decent taoiseach . 
  the rest hate him , mostly for irrational reasons , the odd person does n't like him for a decent reason . 
  the irish political arena is truly ruthless and if you end your career on 30-40 % popularity you did a decent job . 
  he clearly avoided glasgow ... 
  3 foot dicks ? 
  not even that , we just do n't even think to insult people or laugh at their expense . 
  politeness = no self esteem , apparently ... 
  lol op you definitely do n't know what self esteem is ... 
  chap has said that in every interview on the topic ... 
  opposite new labour were basicalky centre right . 
  i think the smear campaign has had the opposite effect . 
  they 've gone too far and now people just see it as bullshit . 
  they just had to try and spin corbyn as basically being part of the ira when nobody really believes that . 
  but you know compulsive liars are the easiest to spot . 
  you 're quite odd, 
  more centrist that centre right to be honest . 
  they would be more left wing than the `` new labour '' part of the labour party or the lib dems for example . 
  we do n't really do extreme politics in ireland like you have in the uk , like the tories would be a million times further right than anything acceptable in ireland , and the corbyns in ireland do n't really get off the ground . 
  basically the lib dems are more like both fianna fail and fine gael . 
  meh good enough for me , fine gael are the party that have been in government since 2011 . 
  them and fianna fail have traded power in and out of coalition governments since the foundation of the state . 
  sinn fein ( the current incarnation ) have n't ever held power in ireland as both major parties refuse to work with them ( and vice versa ) . 
  they 're more popular in northern ireland than ireland . 
  it 's just because they 've basically been given time to blag their case for the past few weeks and talk about how great they are with very little push back from other parties because it 's an internal election within fine gael and other parties really do n't have much say in it . 
  once the numbers will probably normalise a bit after the contest . 
  hopefully fine gael stay ahead of ff and more support goes to the greens , social dems and labour . 
  is this a troll or a genuine question ?
