  ohhh , that 's fair enough then , he gets my vote for tonight anyway . 
  yeah singapore for half a year , did n't like it too much , too many rules for an irishman to handle , also it 's ridiculously boring there . 
  also the have the death penalty and you 'll spend most of your life in jail if you test positive for drugs or if they find a little bit of weed . 
  do n't fuck with us sweden , we 'll fuck yo shit up . 
  not really no . 
  what 's the handmaids tale ? 
  then stop winning lol , you 're nearly at our lead goddamit , if you match our 7 wins ireland will have to start giving a shit again . 
  am doing so now , the portuguese chap has a wonderful voice ... his hand gestures and shoulder shrugs are really off putting though . 
  am doing so now , the portuguese chap has a wonderful voice ... his hand gestures and shoulder shrugs are really off putting though . 
  all kinds , well educated people tend to move to the uk or canada where there are more career opportunities . 
  young people and eejits tend to move to australia because they tend to not care about having to work on a farm for a few weeks . 
  croker is huge . 
  and back in the olden days before safety regulations they had over 90k packed in, 
  you mean we have n't always been the trailblazers . . ? 
  there was one of those online courses in my physics degree , everyone got the book and access code for free on the first day of class . 
  the english , we see them as a great evil who must be overcome in every and all sporting events ( regardless of whether we 're actually playing ) . 
  they however see us as their little pipsqueak cousin across the sea who they could squash in an instant should they choose to . 
  obviously you 're referring to the irish here ... right ? 
  can confirm . 
  well i got money to buy books for myself because i did pretty well in the exams to get into college but some books are free and others are fully stocked in the library , or you do n't need a book for the course and notes are supplied . 
  like there are no courses where you actually have to buy the book , the college library usually has enough copies for the entire class . 
  i never spent any of my own money on books . 
  our colleges spend money on books tho . 
  maaate 75k is a lotta people . 
  all of the above , seen as a bit of fun by some people and a waste of money by others . 
  it 's kind of important to note that even if lepen got elected there would have still had to be a french referendum to end eu membership which likely wouldnt have passed . 
  the eu is n't as unstable as the media have made it out to be recently . 
  but if france actually did leave it probably wouldnt survive . 
  that said simply electing a right wing president would n't have destroyed the eu . 
  not arrogant at all , only france and germany leaving would spell the end , if italy and spain and portugal left together it might have a similar effect but france and germany are the foundations . 
  if ireland left sweet fuck all would happen . 
  couple of handshakes and a bouquet of flowers as a leaving present maybe . 
  pretty sure that 's job seekers allowance man ... 
  they were being sarcastic . 
  obviously not . 
  err , that 's not what happens in ireland . 
  i vaguely know there is a european anthem and there is an eu flag outside certain government buildings but that 's it ... 
  if a road or bridge was co founded by the eu there is a sign saying so but that 's perfectly reasonable . 
  nope , never had an empire , we 'd greatly appreciate if you would be ever so kind as to be part of one though :p . 
  nope , i 'm wayyy more likely to get stabbed or even shot in a standard mugging so why would i worry about a terrorist attack . 
  at the end of the day it 's the same result . 
  plus 20-30 years ago everyone was afraid of irish people being terrorists ... 
  ai n't no fucking way i 'll put the blame on all muslims for the actions of a tiny minority , that 'd be like saying every irish person was an ira bomber . 
  most of us hated the ira just like most muslims hate extremists . 
  if it were n't for the internet i would n't know who she was ... fucking internet . 
  should all be green hehehe, 
  depends . 
  how long have they lived here ? 
  have they set up a family here ? 
  if you recently came to the country yes you 'd be considered an immigrant , but it 's not really a bad thing . 
  i dunno , i just read that it was one of the highest in europe somewhere . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.welfare.ie/en/pages/basic-supplementary-welfare-allowance.aspx ) are some rates but they are per week and generally those without housing will also get social housing , i 'm not sure if money is taken off the actual money you get if you are in social housing though . 
  patience my friend . 
  apparently you guys are the only exception . . 
  i 'm too young . 
  the good friday agreement was fab though . 
  even if it was more northern ireland than ireland ( we still voted on it and it effected us a lot ) . 
  same , well i was in school and college throughout it so it barely effected me , my family were effected quite a lot though . 
  ehh 40k maybe ? 
  dublin - neither , i guess . 
  people would have a vague idea that a sikh is n't a muslim , but i do n't think i 've ever met a sikh in ireland ( there are only 2000 in the entire country ) . 
  yes , but that 's a shit life and virtually nobody does it , you can afford to buy very basic food and that 's about it . 
  social welfare is about providing a bare minimum safety net under which people can not fall . 
  it 's not a good life at all , like you would n't be able to afford to do anything or buy anything except the absolute essentials . 
  you could n't afford a car , you could n't afford to go to the pub and have a few drinks with friends , you could n't afford to travel , you basically ca n't do anything on basic social welfare in ireland . 
  there is another level called job seekers allowance which is a higher temporary allowance given to people who have lost their jobs and are actively searching for another job , that provides more money for transport and to buy food whilst out and about applying for jobs and doing interviews etc , it 's designed to help cushion the blow of being laid off . 
  btw ireland has some of the highest social welfare payments in the eu ( read world ) and it 's still viewed as an absolutely shit existence , nobody wants to be on social welfare . 
  it 's just an agreement that the people of civilised nations have come to to say nobody , absolutely nobody in this country should be allowed to starve to death , nobody should be homeless and nobody should be without the very basics needed to survive . 
  we were taught that in ireland too but after a while everyone just develops their own way of writing , most people ditch joint handwriting like that because if you have bad handwriting to begin with joining the letters makes it infinitely worse . 
  no in ireland the only `` divide '' is a jokey one where country folk are referred to as culchies or boggers and city folk are referred to as townies or cunts . 
  no such thing as typical handwriting in ireland , everyone 's handwriting is different , usually significantly so . 
  haha , jesus i 'd say that pissed of a fair few people in its day . 
  i see the uk as a full arm , ireland is a hand that gives sneaky handjobs to international corporations every now and again . 
  ireland does n't have the money to fund productions like that lol . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  how do you think it looks when you elect a moron and someone how brags about sexually assaulting women to the highest office in your country . 
  that should have been the end of his campaign but no you guys elected the fucker . 
  also i want to dispell the myth that people think brexit is in some way equivalent ... 
  it 's not , there was an element of xenophobia involved in the brexit vote , but there were also genuine concerns regarding the efficiency of the eu and the economic effects of the huge amount of immigration britain had received . 
  i can understand the brexit voter , though i disagree with them . 
  the trump voter on the other hand is either deplorable enough to condone sexual assault and really harmful rhetoric against refugees or a complete fucking moron . 
  i dunno man i 've never cared about waiting for drinks at a bar , just chat to people around you . 
  besides i do n't think i 've ever had to wait longer than 5 minutes for a drink in my life . 
  american tipping culture is grand but it comes across as super fake . 
  maybe it 's an irish thing but i do n't expect a barman to be my best friend , i just want them to pour my guinness and if there 's nobody around have a chat . 
  they do n't need to be overjoyed to see me when i 've never met them before . 
  it all comes down to expectations of service staff really . 
  europeans tend to expect servers to do their job , americans expect them to do their job ... with a smile . 
  we have waiting areas in restaurants in ireland too btw . 
  it could have a bit of a comeback however , if the government got serious about reviving the language , they could dedicate a lot more resources than they currently do and replace religion classes with more irish classes and it 'd help . 
  so much stuff could be done but laziness it hampering efforts . 
  the irish can vote in the uk , and the british in ireland , you have to register under a uk/irish address though . 
  it 's grand like the only people who use it are those who seek to live there permanently . 
  that was fucking hilarious from an impartial observers standpoint . 
  probably the funniest moment in sporting history in my opinion . 
  pretty warm in ireland at the moment , well as warm as i 'd expect it to be yanno . 
  not much tbh . 
  like we already have access to all the hollywood movies ( not that they 're particularly great anymore ) and the music . 
  i dunno man , i feel like anything to be learned from american culture was learned decades ago , and now americans have a lot more to learn from europe . 
  exit polls , it 's a sampling of the total vote , the result of 65:35 would be easily sufficient enough to call it early .
