  both renzi and prodi ( the founder , former pm , a big guy ) were in the dc before the 90s . 
  on the left side of the dc , but dc nontheless . 
  the party that governed italy 1948-1992 , backed by the us , catholic and conservator , you think they are socialists ? 
  renzi is so stupid he admires blair , for christ sake . 
  and for the few years pd or its left wing predecessors ( ulivo , ds ) governed ( less than 5 years out of the last 15 , 8 out of the last 70 ) they never had the politcal power to make laws proper of a leftist party , let alone bring on a socialist agenda . 
  the majority in the senate stands only thanks to the votes of the party of angelino alfano . 
  the former political heir to silvio berlusconi . 
  how on earth is that socialist ? 
  how on earth are the reforms pd made socialists ? 
  how could a party that supported the german imposed austerity politics of mario monti ( former headmaster of universit\u00e0 bocconi . 
  you ca n't go more right-wing on economic than that ) ? 
  the fact the party belongs to the european socialist party in the european parlament , or the ideas of the ( old , weak ) minority of the party does n't make it socialist because it 's centuries names and categories have no meaning in this country . 
  you have no clue . 
  dunno , maybe not . 
  but there 's real work, 
  [ stop this shit ] ( http://big.assets.huffingtonpost.com/hours-worked.jpg ), 
  on top of 5-6 hours a day at school , more hours in a year than almost any other european country . 
  you really have no clue . 
  like what ? 
  most of his actions on workers rights , workers legislation and economy were basically conservative . 
  he could n't get a law approved without the support of the party of angelino alfano , and he is a conservative . 
  renzi lost the left side of his party and of his voters base for that, 
  10 years ago 1200 $ / month was `` little , but it will do '' . 
  i have friends ( no college , just professional hs ) describing 1000 $ / month as `` lucky '' and 800 as `` the norm '' . 
  with 4 years of experience . 
  25km outside milano , for christ sake . 
  you do n't get it , we are fed up , and we followed basically everything that was required of us and was politically viable without bitching for 8 years . 
  now we suffer from the errors of us and france , germany has destroyed/delayed crucial infrastructure , e.e. 
  refuses to share part of the burden we have for errors that are not ours and every.single.request . 
  we made took years to be taken in consideration . 
  enough is enough . 
  people are diying and everyone will suffer , well people would die anyway and maybe now everyone will listen . 
  because it seems to me that italian priorities are never priorities for anyone else . 
  we , the common people , are enjoying nothing of the opportunities of trade with e.e. , that 's our industrials building their cars/machineries in poland and closing plants in italy but hey , it 's taxpayers money and jobs that go east . 
  we are net contribuents and get the dirty end of the stick . 
  france bombs lybia , deposing the motherfucker we paid to stop most migrants from going northern than tripoli , and when we try to support the `` moderates '' down there and you know not have a failed state under us and get back our wells , they support the islamist , meanwhile we costantly get poor africans on our shores which are now rescued by frontex , after for more than an year we paid operation mare nostrum ourselves , and we ca n't get e.e. 
  to agree on fuckall about migrant compact or however they 're calling that now while their economies and standard of living both rise also thanks to italians money . 
  italians whose younger generation is poorer than that of their fathers at the time , whose money ca n't be spent how we like because the eu lecture us on some 0 . shit of deficit after we drained ourselves helping save foreign banks , spain , greece and so on . 
  now we lose billions in trade for a fight we have no beef in , while our requests are shunned and we ca n't get more fair integration and cooperations between states and we should n't raise our voice ? 
  edit and i forgot about the southstream/northstream shit ... 
  so baltic and eastern european problems should be also our problems but our problems are ours alone ? 
  renzi is not a socialist . 
  pd is not socialist . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about, 
  you sister did n't share your opinion edit shit i just got it, 
  [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ix6-qpnggky/uhnzpkau-ei/aaaaaaaaank/iqgct1og_lu/s1600/img_20121009_024252.jpg ) , and both love trees, 
  we panettonians are gon na clean the sky !, 
  the north remembers, 
  i do n't think i undestand . 
  anyway he was joking , and what i wrote ( jokingly ) is kind of a clich\u00e9 in italy ( at least , among the people i know ), 
  camel/marlboro or tobacco el pueblo dipending on wether you 're right or left leaning . 
  at least in uni ( in reality it 's the damned fog ), 
  well i read somewhere that there 's more cocaine snorted per capita in milan than in london or new york , so maaaaybeee ( but no , it 's fog ), 
  the northern part of the country is ( in ) famously known for fog, 
  there were soooo many people for the floating pears !, 
  people who live there usually do n't earn a lot , compered to northern italy , but the costs of livingis usually waaaay lot cheaper than , say , milano ( also the level of services is considerably lower , though ) . 
  insanity is not wanting a monetary policy which is fucking everyone who is n't blonde to change, 
  i knew i had to write you but did n't find the time . 
  anyway , you guys , [ this guy ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/tamata80/ ) lives in the best part of the region ( east coast , golfo di orosei ) and his flickr account has wonderful pics . 
  check it out, 
  but marco polo did not bring pasta back to italy from china . 
  at the time we had maccaroni `` factories '' in sicilia from at least 300 years, 
  yeah i may introduce you my sister , you would get along . 
  stay away from my food though , farfalle are the worst, 
  chinese pasta is n't made starting from wheat , and mixtures of wheat flour and water are eaten in italy since pre-roman times, 
  we race each other to get the car key to go get groceries so we wo n't have to endure the others favorite short pasta ( we are totally cool on long pasta ) . 
  and when i get to buy groceries alone i buy around 10kg of the pasta i like , leading to domestic warfare . 
  i swear it 's a complicated issue , we might require the un intervention one day, 
  sometimes i get into almost phisical fights with my sister over the right kind of pasta to use, 
  you satanic monster :(, 
  no way , we are the food jihadists , religiously and violently devoted, 
  i think i wan na buy you beer, 
  i 'm done , you 're either a fantastic troll or a painfully devastated person, 
  why on earth should skycrapers be built in otranto ? 
  seaside little town i nthe middle of fuckin nowhere surrounded by olive groves ? 
  and once again , which other ( better ? ), 
  structures should be built ? 
  what is the otranto city center an obstacle to ? 
  yeah . 
  even stonehenge would be better if they just replaced , you know , what makes it stonehenge with a fancy new building, 
  why should we demolish them ? 
  they are a thing of beauty , they are an important part of who we were and who we are , what would we gain by building `` better structures '' ? 
  better for what purpose ? 
  it 's not like we 're using 5 centuries old roads and hospitals , it 's city centers . 
  i ca n't even begin to understand how tearing down a city center would bring down unemployment , and even less , even if it did , how could someone think it could be a good idea . 
  i am completley dumbfounded by this thought of yours, 
  in the crazy coloured palace there 's the single worst painting i ever saw . 
  it depicts jesus showing a shirt , bit he looks like a hooker . 
  crazy stuff . 
  great garden though !, 
  my man , latin bro, 
  amount of air in it , basically . 
  ice cream has more air in it , so melts faster and has less flavour . 
  where was it taken ? 
  above dervio or above bellano ? 
  the fact i read it as `` deepthroats '' means i already had enough internet today, 
  your country and the us bombed libya and had the bloody asshole we paid to stop migrants in the desert killed and now it 's our fault if libya is a clusterfuck full of subsaharian africans in search of a better life with basically nothing ( compared to the time before arab spring ) stopping them to hop on a boat , and it 's suddenly italy 's fault ? 
  4 old geezers drunk on white wine does not constitute a movement . 
  our last 20 years . 
  populism with brief pauses of common sense followed by other populists .
