  italian politics is like a trash bin that has never been emptied . 
  shit stays there for centuries ( and i mean it ), 
  jesus christ berlusconi will damage us even after his death, 
  i do n't understand the part about goverment interference . 
  that thing stood there for 3k years and it lost all its significance at least 2k years ago . 
  at one point it simply was n't considered important anymore . 
  preservation of cultural heritage is something pretty new . 
  up until the beginning of the 20th century , or maybe the 50/60s , the idea that that stuff had a value was not widespread . 
  a lot of [ these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuraghe ) were torn down during the centuries , to reuse their stones to make drystone walls . 
  now they are derelict , eaten by the bushes , and i literally mean eaten , me and my dad found those two tombe dei giganti because we were searching for my dog that was running around , a lot of people do n't know they are there , and of those who know some do n't care and most of those who care know it 's unlikely money will ever be spent to do something about it , because hey , we find it hard to get the money to mantain the best and more important artwork in the country ( think of pompei ) , it 's hard we 'll ever be able to do something about smaller stuff . 
  so stuff stood there for millennia and will ( hopefully ) stood there for some other time . 
  damn shame . 
  italy is full of non-mapped prehistoric sites . 
  in sardegna me and my dad stumbled upon at least 2 `` tombe dei giganti '' that are n't in any book ( and half my family being sardinian we own a lot of them about the subject ) , half torn down and full of bushes , hard to reach , but they are there . 
  the locals know about them , ( at least , my very old granpa knew about it ) but it 's some 3k-4k y old shit that is n't studied , mapped or protected . 
  in puglia there 's a lot of rock sites where ancient christians hid themselves from persecution . 
  they made churches in caves , painted the walls and it 's something exceptional , but a whole lot of them are inside private property and for centuries they have being used as storage room to keep hay or rabbits or stuff . 
  unmapped , unlisted , unprotected . 
  there 's a lot of stuff and we lack both the money and the will to protect and valorize it all . 
  shame on us . 
  automation without redistribution of wealth not so much, 
  friggitrioria carega in genova has the best fried stuff in the universe, 
  i saw pics of the place , great trails !, 
  without the rule of law we would be the philippines . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  of course we are n't ruled , but if you know where and what to look at you see it . 
  it 's what makes us a civil place . 
  of course milano has mafia problems , where there 's money there 's mafia and milano is full of money . 
  bayern , switzerland and netherlands all have mafia problems , they simply are n't aware of it or willing of dealing with them, 
  with the train via france to torino to milano and then sesto san giovanni ( big town of 100k + inhabitants bordering milano ) . 
  probably, 
  pffff, 
  you seem like the kind of guy wih esp powers reading in the mind of strangers by seeing some of their post on the internet, 
  wiki :  terrorism is , in its broadest sense , the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence ( terror or fear ) in order to achieve a political , religious , or ideological aim . 
  a man resisting an arrest , even if he is a terrorist , is not terrorism . 
  it 's blurrier in the second case , but italian newspapers claim he did it as a `` revenge '' on the state for money questions . 
  personal , not ideological . 
  learn definitions , dumbass . 
  yep . 
  ca n't wait for full automatization, 
  how is resisting an arrest a terrorirst attack ? 
  how is an italian enterpreneur trying to get a revenge on the state ( not killing people to get a political reaction ) terrorism ? 
  how are those terrorist attack ? 
  sources ? 
  jolly good , at least it 's harder with a knife . 
  if you are worried about your gun industry and a possible war enlarge your army and have them use czech weapons . 
  commom citizens with a gun are n't soldiers and are n't useful for national defense . 
  they are just dudes with a gun . 
  rate dude , rate , not crude number , rate . 
  ( total homicides/total population ) * 100k . 
  italy 0.8 / 0.9 , usa 4.6, 
  then vote someone else and change those laws . 
  owning guns should not be a right , it sould be a privilege granted to few and as heavily regulated as possibile . 
  the only purpose of a gun is to kill . 
  i do n't like it , i do n't want it anywhere near me , if the guy i voted for tries to ban it he has my blessing and likely secured my vote next time . 
  yeah maybe you do n't have the 3 biggest crime organisations in the west making buisness on your country and smuggling guns an ' shit from the other side of the adriatic where 20 years ago they had the last european war , have you not ? 
  i do n't want people to own weapons outside hunting stuff . 
  i 'll vote against whoever might have the dumb idea to change our laws on the matter, 
  that is an uninformed opinion . 
  we never had a terrorist attack in the last 15 years . 
  we have more police than any other eu country i think , it would be their job to sedate any riots ( and i do n't remember anything big enough not to be shrug off easily ) not of the avg dumbass with a beretta . 
  there is no proof more weapons would bring down crime ( quite the opposite ) and there is no need to . 
  the usa have 5-6 times our rate of homicides , and we are on basically on par or better off on that matter with almost any other european country . 
  i hope this bullshit stays as far away as possible from us . 
  you monster, 
  he owns ( used to own ? ), 
  7 villas there , and spent his vacations there . 
  my mother is sardinian and used to joke he peed in one , defecated in another , drank in the third , ate in the fourth , had parties in the fifth , slept in the sixth and used the seventh to have secret meetings with the mafia, 
  and ignore the fines ? 
  like we have money to dump ? 
  if the french and the americans did n't bomb the fuck out of the country whose dictator they deposed to then leave it be or support guys who are even worse than gheddafi , who i remind you we paid to block most migrants , we would n't have any of this problems . 
  and other , stronger countryes may do as they please but we are bound to international law ( as the eu reminded us when they fined us for sending some people back ) and basic human decency, 
  st is 500k people , the mother tongue of at least 100k of them is italian . 
  the rest of the country is 60m people . 
  he had to state his intentions about the new government and to report about what he and the president of the italian republic mattarella spoke about . 
  this concerns 60m people . 
  by far most of this people do not speak german . 
  st/aa is italian since 1919 . 
  they speak italian . 
  there was no point in speaking german in that occasion . 
  he did it , it 's a free country so of course he is free to do so , and i 'm free to say it was a moronic choice . 
  and about speaking french , once again , it 's a hundred years st/aa is italian , and 20 % of its population mothertongue is italian . 
  i seriously doubt we could do more to have them keep their culture . 
  i mean , they wanted separated schools for italians and germans , they have them , they wanted ethnic/language quotas for every public stuff , they have them , they are flooded by public money , what more ? 
  the dumb fuck with that sweater belongs to casa pound . 
  they are fascists . 
  they are not representative of the entire country . 
  he spoke german to an italian public after being asked about italian affairs while in rome . 
  he is dumb as shit . 
  by the way cruciani would insult even his grandmother , you really picked the wrong guy, 
  the truth that your country smuggled explosives and weapons used by terrorists to kill italian soldiers/policeman , took in said terrorists and refused extradiction ? 
  that st/aa is enjoying a number of economic privileges and political autonomies no other region in europe has , and that it 's the last place left in europe where ethnic discrimination is legal ? 
  that they mastered the italian art of `` chiagni e fotti '' to a level that shames the rest of the country ? 
  i 'm not referring to the referendum at all . 
  and i voted yes , by the way, 
  you know we are net contribuents to the eu budget , right ? 
  anyhow we have a totally different mindset and view on this matter . 
  dude you have no fucking clue what you are talking about , and it 's not about wether i believe in keynes or in santa claus , it 's about the fact that italian politics is complex ( way more than american politics , if you believe kissinger ) and not easily ascrivable to that of other western countries , let aside eastern european ones , and it 's about your assertions on pd . 
  it 's not a socialist party simply because it is n't , period . 
  it 's a huge party son of a lot of partyes , whose members come from very diffetent backgrounds .
