while that might be true , we have to look at this in a more nuanced way . 
  i 'm a chinese american who 's been educated abroad in several different programs . 
  i was always pretty independent and i loved just going anywhere in the world . 
  when i was 16 i was in a summer program with 1/3 spanish people ( every other group has not enough members to be a critical mass ) . 
  i remember distinctly that i disapproved of what ended up being a spanish and everyone else social scene . 
  why would you go to an international program if you 're only going to speak spanish and hardly interact with anyone else ? 
  going to school in the states was a similar experience . 
  half of the international students were chinese and thus you have more than a hundred chinese people in a very small school . 
  most of them did n't integrate at all . 
  many do not speak to anyone else but chinese people and the ones who do , their non-chinese friends are still peripheral to their social life . 
  i also remember disapproving of that . 
  whenever my individual chinese friends invited me to chinese club parties i would always decline . 
  interacting with these individual chinese people because i like them is one thing , but socializing with a bunch of people because they happen to be my ethnicity weirds me out . 
  i 'm in an international program in germany now and the insidious thing is , only when i looked at whom i 'm hanging out with did i really see it . 
  there are three americans in my year . 
  one is my boyfriend . 
  another is my closest friend . 
  the third is me . 
  what a coincidence . 
  do n't get me wrong i do have german friends , but they 're not nearly as close . 
  so i think it 's easy for people to intellectually disapprove of self segregation and vote this way in the polls , in practice it happens so naturally it 's very hard to avoid . 
  one of the hardest parts of my german training is finding people who will actually speak with me , and i know for this alone i need to make more german friends . 
  but not being very social and the status quo being very easy to maintain i have not made any progress on that front . 
  i imagine it ' a pretty similar for a lot of the muslims you 've described . 
  so i guess you can say i failed at integration too . 
  i think integration is the easiest when there 's not enough of you and the only way to have any social life at all is to integrate . 
  that 's what i 've observed in the camp ( with the spanish people ) . 
  all other nationalities were so small you 'd just be talking to one other person if you wanted to stick with your nationality , so everyone branched out . 
  i think integration is like going to the gym . 
  you know it 's good for you . 
  and it 's not nearly as bad when you 're actually in the middle of doing it . 
  but the innate psychological resistance is really high . 
  yeah . 
  but is the point of the welfare system to make sure everyone can stay alive and get the education they need to live a functional life in modern society , or to make sure everyone has a rich , interesting and intellectually fulfilling life where they never feel inferior to anybody ? 
  i 'm all for paying taxes so people can do the former . 
  i have no problem at all in making people work hard for the latter . 
  this proposal is pretty extremist . 
  i want the keys and passwords of everyone involved in it , lest they harbor secret plans to turn europe into some statist 's wet dream . 
  actually , according to * the gift of fear * by gavin de becker ( this guy is like the world 's foremost authority on predicting violent crime ) , that 's * exactly * what you should do because crazy and depressed people can and do want to emulate mass shooters and terrorists . 
  he said that school shooters and would-be assassins are usually shown with their full name , which makes them seem more important than they are . 
  instead of charles adam smith , the shooter should be called `` little charlie '' instead ( as he 's probably known to his mom and big bro ) . 
  so yes , this is a * great * idea . 
  too bad it will never be adopted . 
  some freedom we 'd have if we deport people for their views . 
  does n't anybody believe in a free society anymore ? 
  having a free society means people have the freedom to do and think things you do n't like !, 
  no , nobody should be deported if they 're a citizen . 
  nobody should be arrested unless they break laws . 
  no matter their views . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  anything that calls for violence against a demographic counts . 
  from what i 've read islamist preachers regularly do exactly this . 
  right . 
  one thing that weirded me out about humans is that they save their deepest antagonism for people mostly similar to them but different in one or two significant ways . 
  having met many different nationalities in the world , it seems people are most angry and bitter about people whom to any outsider , look the almost same . 
  thus german liberals and conservatives really focus on each other . 
  whoever else that appears in their rhetoric is just swept along for the ride . 
  it 's never really about them . 
  not really . 
  the reason to care what people really think is so we know how to predict their actions because thoughts frequently lead to actions . 
  if he 's a covert racist but has never acted or spoken like one why should i care ? 
  if his thoughts never have any real world consequences what 's it to you ? 
  if he were how would i know any better ? 
  if a tree falls and nobody was around did it make a sound ? 
  who knows . 
  i ca n't read minds . 
  neither can you . 
  at any rate i do n't really care what people * really * think as long as they act appropriately . 
  i do n't observe anything that would indicate he 's lying , so . 
  i think it becomes more of a problem if said minority holds a directly contradictory view from the majority though . 
  and this is precisely why so many people think muslims are more of a problem relative to other grouops . 
  not just because they form their own enclave . 
  asians form their enclaves . 
  a lot of whites i know find it mildly irritating ( i 'm asian lol ) but otherwise they do n't ever clash . 
  lots of east asian cultures have this sort of `` keep your head down and truck along '' mentality . 
  they might disapprove of the majority but they 'd never voice it or do anything to change it . 
  there is a strong incentive to just ignore all of that and never join them , rather than make any waves , whereas a lot more muslims than asians make their disapproval publicly known . 
  in some places they have even formed sharia police in some muslim enclaves to make sure anyone who are in those enclaves behave `` appropriately '' according to sharia law . 
  majorities tend not to find minorities who are walled off but quiet and cooperative offensive . 
  majorities start to have a problem if the minority makes waves in society and tries to get people to conform to them and make exceptions for them . 
  majorities tend to want people to come here and get along . 
  if your cultures are incompatible that 's fine ; as long as you outwardly assimilate and keep it to yourself . 
  it 's more : `` come here if you want . 
  but we do n't want to feel the impact of your presence too deeply . 
  in fact , do n't make us feel your presence at all . 
  you can become one of us or you can pretend to . 
  anything else is making trouble and will cause us to resent you . '', 
  my german roommate quoted a stat at me that apparently after decades of being here , current generation of german-turks actually speak worse german than their parents . 
  if nothing else , it seems `` their '' children do n't really want to join `` us '' . 
  `` racism and stuff '' will vanish if everyone thinks everyone else shares the same cultural values . 
  my best friend grew up in an ethnically diverse ( whites , asians , blacks , etc ) but economically and culturally uniform society . 
  he says he barely notices race . 
  but the truth is , that has n't happened in most places . 
  it 's impossible to prove of course but studies have shown that the impression of being watched do change people 's behavior to be milder and more conformist . 
  because we ( our governments ) colonized/bombed/robbed / installed dictators/etc etc. 
  so many people think we ( the people ) deserve it . 
  in many cases they put themselves in one part of town though . 
  let 's not even talk about immigration here . 
  i 've been to a lot of international summer programs . 
  all of them have english as their primary language .
