  one year , out of 70 kids there were 20 spanish people while the other nationalities only have about 4 members , if that . 
  as a result the spanish broke off and only socialized with each other and spoke spanish ( the rest of us only have one common language : english ) and there started to be `` spanish '' corners . 
  not to say we hated each other but we certainly did n't really get to know them . 
  in other years where there are not that many spanish people you can get to know the spaniards pretty well . 
  in a society if you want to have a cohesive , diverse society you should be careful not to create `` blocs '' , which happens when a minority reaches critical mass . 
  it 's not all the majority 's fault . 
  a sizable minority likes to find a corner and claim it as their own too . 
  so you have to make every minority so small ( i was a minority in that group ; there 's just me ! ), 
  that they 're forced to interact with the majority , or make sure there 's no majority in that everyone is a minority , or else they will form in-groups . 
  that 's just how group dynamics work . 
  people prefer the comfort of their own language and culture . 
  there 's no way around it . 
  `` diversity '' itself is a neutral term . 
  it literally means things are not uniform . 
  but `` diversity '' is also not uniform . 
  there are many different kinds of diversity . 
  diversity of thought . 
  of ideas . 
  of worldviews . 
  of skin colors . 
  of traditions . 
  or even species . 
  for instance , take biodiversity - that 's a kind of diversity . 
  when we talk about increasing diversity for a society it 's crucial to specify which kind of diversity we 're talking about . 
  obviously , ideological diversity tends to tear a nation apart if the two sides do n't at least share some common ground . 
  like : i think we should do a , you think we should do b , but we can all agree that c is sacred and must not be sacrificed . 
  excessive unity and consensus is not good either - it leads to the kind of stagnation seen in 19th century china . 
  what we need is a diversity that generates a rich set of ideas but everybody agrees on the basics of how society should work . 
  in my view , for diversity to work for a society , * all people must at least fundamentally hold the same things sacred * or else there can be no consensus . 
  diversity itself tears things apart . 
  which is itself not a bad thing . 
  unless there is no force in society that pulls things back together . 
  with friends like these , who needs enemies ? 
  seriously , what can he possibly mean by the `` not safe in the streets '' comment ? 
  is that a threat ? 
  it 's just about on the same level as the guy who tried to bomb a music festival in germany but could n't get in because he did n't bother to buy a ticket . 
  i do n't think that will come to pass . 
  robots do n't have the same evolutionary history as us . 
  we 're programmed to look for fairness and seek self interest because without it we would have gone extinct . 
  outside of some mad scientists , no pragmatic engineer would create a robot with such traits . 
  it would be a waste of time and r&d funds . 
  there is no reason to assume that most sane scientists will want to develop robots with interests that conflict with ours , or even a robot with self interest/self preservation instincts at all ; my roomba it 's great , but no consumer needs their roomba to also be capable of defending itself against forces hostile to its existence . 
  like my computer scientist friend says , if there is to be a robopocalypse , it 's likely due to a super intelligent robot programmed to learn , and do a certain task optimally , such as making toothpicks , will turn the whole world into toothpicks because it got too good at making toothpicks and the programmer forgot to program in taboos against harming human interests . 
  in fact given what he knows about machine learning and the imperfections of human programmers , he says a scenario like this is very likely to happen . 
  the computer could become so intelligent that we can not come up with a way to hinder its quest to make us all into toothpicks . 
  in fact i personally think that such a robot will only seek continued existence insofar as its existence is required to optimally perform the task of producing toothpicks , and not for the sake of existence itself . 
  but that 's true for young people in general . 
  we millennials job hop more than any generation before us . 
  a lot of older managers actually sort of hate us for this . 
  china where my family comes from has a policy like this . 
  when i interned in china , my well meaning male boss basically said it straight : `` if you interview with a company and if they ever poke around about your personal life , say you 're not married , is single and do n't plan to . 
  most companies are nervous to hire women of childbearing age so even that might not do you any good . 
  to be frank with you , if we find out she has a boyfriend/husband we just do n't want to hire her on the off chance she becomes pregnant . 
  to put it mildly , women who become pregnant are a liability . '', 
  straight from the horses mouth . 
  so yes companies do this . 
  and you ca n't prove that they wo n't hire a young woman for that reason either . 
  there is always some other reason . 
  he even said , they can always find some reason not to hire her . 
  children used to also be financial assets . 
  not only did you want children to work on the farm with you , children were also your retirement plan as they were generally expected to take care of aging parents . 
  needless to say neither of those are still true . 
  not saying we should return to that because there 's a lot of shit there nobody should like . 
  children have also become more expensive ; in the old times parents are n't expected to raise happy and functioning children . 
  just functioning ones . 
  feed them . 
  minimally educate them so they can go out and work . 
  but now children need university and music lessons and good schools and toys etc. 
  but the truth is where there used to be financial incentive , there is now financial disincentive . 
  they used to be assets both financially and spiritually . 
  now they 're a financial liability and only arguably a spiritual asset ( because the expectations of parental self sacrifice and involvement has dramatically increased ) . 
  when you ask young people why they do n't want children , at least not right now , they all talk about how much of a liability and sacrifice children are . 
  they 're expensive . 
  you have to pay through the nose to feed them the greatest formulae . 
  grandparents and other relatives are not expected to help , like they were in the past . 
  you ca n't go backpacking through australia with a kid . 
  you slow down your career . 
  the pressure is high that every tiny thing you did wrong will be lambasted by others . 
  every little mistake might mess up your kid . 
  we 're constantly told that once we have kids we do n't matter , only the kid does , etc. 
  just personally speaking as a millennial who 's been told all those things by my elders , none of it sounds very motivating . 
  the popular vote is not the competition in our system . 
  the electoral votes are . 
  i have my own thoughts on the electoral college and it 's continued relevance but saying he lost the popular vote is like saying he lost at checkers when he 's actually competing in chess . 
  i agree that the denigration is in bad taste . 
  but to be fair , the title that this is berlin 's message to the us is a bit rich . 
  i live in berlin and and i did n't go . 
  do i count at all ? 
  these people do n't speak for berlin . 
  they speak for themselves . 
  it depends i think . 
  when i lived in minnesota ( where the humidity is much lower than here in germany ) it could be -15 c and as long as you wear enough it 's easy to ignore ( it starts to get really miserable at -27 c though . 
  humid or not ) . 
  in my college people started to wear shorts at around -10 c. 
  but in high humidity places like germany , even 5c can feel miserable and your clothing just does n't seem to keep out the cold in a good enough way . 
  i ca n't even imagine -17 c here . 
  sounds like hell freezing over . 
  in general i did love minnesota winters though . 
  dry , cold and crisp . 
  you could go weeks without seeing clouds during the winter , just bright warm sun making the snow sparkle .
