it 'd be like me saying it does not seem that dogs and cats are the same species . 
  while technically correct , we know a lot more definitely that they are not the same species and giving any credence to the possibility would be ridiculous . 
  is it a violation of human rights to put dangerous prisoners in solitary confinement ? 
  i was under the impression that it was allowed . 
  i 'd consider ignoring their sovereignty as treating them like shit . 
  and the greek genocide did happen : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide, 
  how is he a putin shill for pointing out that what you said is pure fantasy ? 
  well fuck them . 
  turks would anyway . 
  if you had n't conquered anatolia you 'd still be nomads . 
  it 's greek airspace . 
  it 's the air above recognised greek territory , therefore it 's greek airspace . 
   we treat greeks like shit ? 
  greek genocide ring a bell ? 
  learn your history . 
  umm ... the police are well aware of statutory rape laws . 
  sex with an underaged child , consensual or not , is illegal . 
  what are fnp doing that is `` anti-foreigner '' ? 
  they do n't want to do anything to foreigners in france , they just want to limit immigration because france is becoming overcrowded . 
  are you turkish ? 
  i never said anything about the netherlands , moron . 
  right yeah , because people get arrested in the uk for insulting politicians . 
  also the uk is illegally occupying an eu member and constantly violating the airspace of other member states . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide + events before and after that . 
  not quite a million were killed , but many many more were deported and exiled . 
  very mature . 
  i also like how you never twisted my words or ignored facts !, 
  how was i the one looking for an argument here ? 
   no divisive nationalism here so what was the balkanisation all about ? 
   what do you care ? 
  people have different opinions on stuff . 
  i just happen to not support conscription for a multitude of reasons . 
  that is not what i have an issue with , and you know it . 
  do n't try to twist what i 'm saying . 
  what i 'm annoyed at is having to repeat myself several times . 
  we need to try and make them peacefully transition to being a constitutional democracy . 
  obviously we ca n't do that overnight , but if we could gradually get the monarchy to ease up and cede powers over a very long period of time , there 'd be no need for violent revolutions and chaos . 
   are you seriously claiming that saying , ` boy , you are uppity ' in a thread about a farright party wo n't evoke that context ? 
  stop playing dumb , please . 
  sorry , what does fnp have to do with black rights ? 
  like i said so many fucking times , you can do community service instead . 
  how many times must i say you do not have to do conscription ( which btw does have plenty of benefits ) ? 
   uppity + negro i see your problem here . 
  words can be used in different ways !, 
   boy - ( ethnic slur ) offensive and disparaging term for black man ; `` get out of my way , boy '' you even proved my point in your own post , or do you honestly think using boy is racist in every context ? 
  a defined metric that every book passes . 
  bestseller is meaningless nowadays . 
  every book is a bestseller . 
  the top one is intentionally trying to imitate hitler . 
  depending on whether you actually share his beliefs or are just mocking him , it could be racist . 
  what the did was use english words that have nothing to do with race to a guy he does not know the race of . 
  calling him racist for that is fucking retarded . 
  how is that racist ? 
  neither of them were talking about race and we do n't know the race of either poster , so how do you know he 's calling him uppity because of his race ?? 
  oh shit how could i have forgotten that the fn are treating jews worse than animals and trying to annex other nations . 
  i also forgot that they were white supremacist . 
  wow , these guys are worse than hitler !, 
  / s seriously you 're a fucking joke . 
  bringing up `` peace in our time '' is utterly ridiculous , when have the fnp shown any signs of wanting to conquer/expand ? 
  if the eu keeps on its current trajectory , it will die . 
  it can not last while it spits in the faces of its population 's wishes . 
  are we really going to go by random comments of random members ? 
  every party in every country gets members saying insane shit occasionally , just recently the french pm threatened a civil war if the the fnp get elected . 
  no chance of a war . 
  oh they 're nazis are they ? 
  god , i love how loony lefties call everything they do n't agree with nazi and fascist . 
  beautiful pictures . 
  it 's amazing how much more real colour photographs make history feel . 
  on another note , these cows looks really short , do n't they : http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-hnws5udhmss/umtwagqmcei/aaaaaaaagri/a3in5nd0e9u/s1600/betail_galway_800x594.jpg most cows i 've seen irl look far taller , maybe i 'm just imagining it . 
  yep . 
  such is life , sadly . 
  that fucker should be deported . 
  sadly this is the case . 
  i do n't think the far right will ever get into power at this rate , when enough europeans realise what 's up the percentage of immigrants will be too high for the far right to win . 
  i do n't think we 'll ever see an islamic party be elected though , at least not in my lifetime . 
  they are n't forced to do military service , like i said . 
  do n't believe so , but that is n't such a tyrannical thing . 
  they also have to go to school as kids , and ca n't just `` keep living '' . 
  they just want to distract us from the issues that they 're making . 
  everyone feels sorry for the people in calais , but why should we when they could just stay in france ? 
  france is a wealthy , peaceful , 1st world country . 
  if it is n't good enough for you then you can fuck off back home . 
  right , it 's britain 's fault for not taking in illegal immigrants who do n't think france is good enough for them . 
   a male friend of mine also suggested men will risk multiple other men to save one woman , which is not terribly efficient . 
  this is true . 
  it 's a biological imperative . 
  being far closer to the men would override it , but that 's the case if they 're all strangers or just as close to you . 
  meh , us military studies have shown that male only squads perform better than mixed or female only ones . 
  it 's just biology . 
  forcing women to join the army could just decrease the army 's effectiveness . 
  what bothers me is how most armies have different admission standards for men and women . 
  to ensure the effectiveness of the army , there should be one standard for both genders . 
  why should a weaker woman be let in over a stronger man just because of their gender ? 
  the non-consensual marriages were a problem in their own right , although i do n't know how widespread they were . 
  but marrying at 20 is n't a bad thing in and of itself . 
  they are not colored , they are coloured !, 
   the average age of marriage for russia 's peasant women was 20 how is that bad ? 
  it 's not good , but it is n't bad either , provided the marriages were consensual . 
  why should they trust you when you violate greek airspace and occupy cyprus , an eu member ? 
  get the fuck out of cyprus , stop violating eu airspace , and then we 'll stop being salty .
