  what a coincidence . 
  that piece of text is also non-binding because of this :  such action as it deems necessary, 
  according to the government of spain :  in december 1997 , the atlantic council approved the nato command structure . 
  this gave rise to retamares in madrid being established as the seat of the joint south-western subregional headquarters . 
  this headquarters became the body responsible for collective defence operations ' planning in the south-west of europe , ** including the canary islands ** , which coincides with the area of greatest strategic interest to spain . 
  you can read about it here : http://www.defensa.gob.es/en/politica/seguridad-defensa/contexto/europea-atlantica/otan/, 
  sweden has n't restrictions on romanian workers . 
  only these countries inside the eu still have a ban on romanian and bulgarian workers : germany , austria , france , luxembourg , belgium , the netherlands , malta and united kingdom . 
  spain has a partial ban but they can work relatively easily ( there are over 900k romanians in spain ) . 
  of these , france and the uk ( specially the uk ) are `` panicking '' as you say . 
  they tend to forget that those who wanted to move out already did to other countries , specially to spain and italy ( around 2 millions together ) . 
  it does end in - land in many germanic languages . 
  you also have the white one http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/mar_branco, 
  that 's because he is really light : the production of the us is 60000 litres , that is , 8kg . 
  now there 's no point in doing the one with spanish , only eliminate those silly accents , change the '' \u00e7 '' for `` z '' add a couple more things , and you are good to go . 
  it 's even worse in spanish : `` suiza '' and `` suecia '' ( the `` c '' and the `` z '' are pronounced like english `` th '' ) . 
  i think the author was using prices for the christmas season - much more expensive - as he seems to have calculated the prices recently . 
  for the 15th of january you can easily find tickets for 50 $ for the thalys ( amsterdam-paris , prices from ns ) and for 100 $ for the high speed train between barcelona and paris ( prices from renfe ) . 
  so nowadays you can actually travel in the same day between amsterdam and barcelona for 150 $ . 
  you can leave amsterdam at 9:18 , arrive to paris at 12:35 and then at 14:07 the train to barcelona that arrives at 20:40 . 
  total time : 11:30 hours . 
  still not efficient compared to a plane . 
  but ... the night trains he likes so much might come into effect here as you could do that in one single night !, 
  the catch : you need to certificate the trains for three different high speed networks . 
  he also complains about the change in prices depending on when you buy it and compares it to the fixed prices of trains 20 years ago ... assuming that those trains would n't change their price scheme . 
  edit : also , take into account that the high speed network is far from complete : in the next 10 years we might see connections like madrid-barcelona-milan-rome or madrid-barcelona-paris-london / amsterdam that can have night trains and still be cheap . 
  i would certainly consider them if i can arrive early on the morning , take a lot more luggage with me ( or , at least , not be worried by its weight ) and i end up in the city centre . 
   if you repeat a lie often enough , it becomes the truth . 
  at least you must tell them every time that they are wrong . 
  one of the main problems with the european fleets is the lack of aircraft carriers ( or other big ships that can transport big amounts of material and personnel ) . 
  this happens because carriers and their escorts are very expensive . 
  nowadays only france operates a big carrier . 
  italy and spain have small ones ( 2 and 1 respectively , spain decommissioned another this year ) and the uk has a couple of helicopter carriers , both small ones , and one of them is also going to be decommissioned . 
  take into account that these countries are going to be very reluctant to use them , as they would n't have any for defence purposes . 
  except italy which is the only country with a spare one !, 
  on the other hand there are lots of frigates , destroyers and corvettes in europe , they 're relatively cheap and many countries can afford them , but do n't use carriers . 
  ( germany , norway , greece , denmark ... ) . 
  edit : a good example is actually the atalanta operation : no carrier has been sent , but dozens frigates have , check wikipedia if you want . 
  when the libya issue was going on italy was in the middle of a political crisis ; not the best moment to decrease your popularity by taking part on a war . 
  there many institutions from the eu so they get much more - proportionally -, 
  because if we want some things as a single market , single currency or free movement of people others must follow . 
  a common branding systems or a single patent office have already been done ; others have n't been implemented but are being discussed , such as a single immigration policy ( from outside the eu ) or the single `` communications '' are that would end roaming fees ; finally there are others that i consider important but have n't been discussed such a single pensions system inside the eu ( i think that if i work in a different country , inside the eu for a few years , those years should count towards my pension ) . 
  most of these things require further integration , however , i do n't think we can become a `` single country '' such as the usa , as the day where a polish feels a company from italy in the same way than someone from florida feels a company from california is quite far away . 
  ( the countries/states chosen are random ) . 
  spain recognises gibraltar as an overseas territory of the uk but wants it back . 
  then you would like `` finisterre '' from latin `` finis-terrae '', 
  hahaha , do n't tell that to a scottish ( the scottish national animal is an unicorn ) . 
  sincerely no . 
  many of the groups represented there basically have no power and little support such as andalusia , aragon , occitania or mercia . 
  hah , talk for yourself , it 's 13 in spain . 
  the users received the letters , they did n't send them ... ( although if they addresses have been disclosed to third parties they may send one ) . 
  they sound ridiculous because you do n't use them . 
  other words as ridiculous as those are `` co\u00f1ac '' or the ones you mentioned . 
  all these words are written as they sound , with spanish rules , and those are the resulting words . 
  edit : also the dictionary does n't make up rules for spelling . 
  if the word has been used ( certain criteria applies ) it is included . 
  for example cd and whisky are also included in the dictionary , as they are used . 
  you have a few interesting things in spanish : one is the word `` ojal\u00e1 '' , that comes from arabic and that means `` i wish '' , making the subjunctive more common than in other languages . 
  in hispanic arabic it meant `` if god ( al\u00e1 ) wishes '' making `` ojal\u00e1 '' equivalent to `` insha'allah '' . 
  there 's a similar word in portuguese . 
  that there 's a group of jews ( around 100k ) that still speak spanish , even though they are descendants of the jews expelled of spain in 1492 . 
  sephardic-hebrew pronunciation is also heavily influenced by spanish pronunciation . 
  edit : nowadays they can get spanish citizenship if they proof to become from this group . 
  it is one of the romance languages that has changed more in vocabulary , due to its contact with basque , arabic and the languages spoken in america . 
  nowadays any `` official '' changes in spanish are made by this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/association_of_spanish_language_academies one of its aims is to keep spanish in spain and america `` united '' . 
  the united states is one of the members . 
  don quixote is one of the most influential books in history . 
  it was one of the first , if not the first , book with a fictional plot and a protagonist far from a `` superhero '' thus starting the modern novel . 
  it also helped to settle spanish ( don quixote talks in what can be called `` old spanish '' while the rest of the characters speak in a modern version and mock him ) . 
  indeed , `` chao '' ( pronounced like `` ciao '' ) is only for goodbye in spain . 
  actually , 4 spanish cities . 
  first of all : as far as i know , europe has little to say in this particular topic ( animal rights ) , basically , it 's not a competence of the european union , thus , other europeans have little power to change the situation ... with the exceptions of portugal and france where bullfighting is also practised . 
  i will talk about the case of spain , and i will try to be objective . 
  if after reading this you are n't sure which side i support , then i succeeded , if you are , then i am sorry . 
  one thing you have to understand is that bullfighting is a national symbol in spain , at least for some people , specially the conservatives and some people aligned with the centre and even centre-left ( one important thing is that there 's no division among the economic classes , as a difference with fox hunt ) . 
  it is also heavily politicized . 
  nationalists - basque , catalonians - dislike it as it 's a symbol of spain . 
  for example , bullfighting is forbidden in catalonia which spanish nationalists considered an attack on spain itself resulting in an increased support on bullfighting ( other `` games '' with bulls , that are only practised in catalonia were n't forbidden ) . 
  people that work in the area - bullfighters , farmers - and the people really onto it will argue that it is a tradition , the bulls are raised to die , that a specific race of bulls would disappear , that the bullfighter might also die and that it may be considered an art ( hemingway tends to be mentioned ) . 
  and yes , there 's a lot of people against it , some take action to prevent bullfighting and others think that it will slowly disappear in a process similar to religion : the supporters would end up dying . 
  their main point is that torturing , hurting or killing an animal for fun is not human . 
  one last note : there are many bull `` games '' some are even worse than bullfighting , in others the bull is not wounded at all . 
  fair enough . 
  slightly unclear - at least for my southern english - xd, 
   everyone speaks english in a country i think you did n't go much to the south, 
  iceland beats you , j\u00f3hanna sigur\u00f0ard\u00f3ttir , was lesbian and was in office in 2009 . 
  yup , you will be surprised by how many bluetooth devices are connected during a flight . 
  do n't ask how i know . 
  which usually are about how the spaniard is dumber/smarter . 
  i would say that we have far more jokes about ourselves than about the portuguese ( galicians , catalonians , basques , from `` lepe '' ... ) . 
  i guess we should have our own flag . 
  there are many problems that would have to be addressed in case on `` internal enlargement '' : - what is going to be the representation of the new state ? 
  is the parent country going to loose some seats in the parliament in favour of the new state ? 
  should other countries cede their seats ? 
  - are they going to be net contributors to the eu ? 
  how much are they going to receive and pay ? 
  - what is their status in other institutions of the eu and in other international organisations ? 
  ( such as the eurozone , schengen area , un , nato ... ) . 
  now , take into account that if the eu starts to discuss these issues , the huge `` game of thrones '' that the eu internal politics are would start once again . 
  many different countries would try to enforce their own agendas as things are changing and so on .
