  to be compared with the spanish `` est\u00e1 en el quinto co\u00f1o '' . 
  literally : it 's in fifth ... vagina . 
  same meaning . 
  at least in the case of spain ( i would say italy is close ) the kind of ships that arrive our shores are [ these ] ( https://www.google.es/search?q=patera&amp;rlz=1c1chfx_eses487es487&amp;espvd=210&amp;es_sm=122&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;hl=es&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=n&amp;tab=wi&amp;authuser=0&amp;ei=fyzuuo2ngsqohae34iggdw ) , the police is called immediately and boarded for humanitarian reasons . 
  as for treaties , spain has been trying to sign one with morocco for decades , but they refused . 
  and they usually do n't take people illegal immigrants . 
  the ships we are talking about usually are not registered ( many times you would n't call those `` ships '' ) . 
  also , bribes . 
  north african ports usually do n't allow those ships back . 
  ( specially if the port of origin is unknown ) . 
   there might be more people in the french-spanish border . 
  not really , there are pretty high mountains in there . 
  in the east perhaps , they also showed up in the west . 
  we even had to go to to [ defend vienna ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_vienna ) and to fight a sea battle in greece ( [ lepanto ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lepanto ) ), 
  and well , you know , the money you need to but what you need to get shitfaced ... 
  i would add another axis for language , the easier it is for you to learn it , the more integrated you will be in the long term . 
  english grammar is rather simple , at least 90 % of it . 
  pronunciation is quite complex but there 's much more material out there ( tv , videogames ) than in other languages . 
  vocabulary for other europeans is also similar , either for germanic or latin languages . 
   i am an australian national perhaps he has a residence permit , if not , he may have problems . 
  the only green is the one in germany . 
   and i do not see how those monstrous queues ( which is harassment , they just waive off portuguese plate cars ) are in any way respecting the people living there or address the `` bad neighbour '' issues - or create any good will on the resident people to cooperate and solve it . 
  those queues are the result of thorough checks in order to fight smuggling ( which is done both by gibraltar citizens and spaniards ) . 
  by the way the checks happen in random days . 
  and not only portuguese cars are ignored , anyone walking is waived as they are n't likely smuggling anything . 
  on the other hand i do n't see how being a tax heaven , not allowing spanish police to go after criminals , destroying the fisheries in the area , contaminating the algeciras bay or building an airport in spanish waters are a way of respecting `` the day to day life and interests of the people actually living there '' . 
   of course . 
  though the point of the article is that for some `` someones '' two very similar situations will be analyzed very differently . 
  it is good to compare and contrast situations - for me those are two very different situations : spain recognises the sovereignty of the uk over gibraltar , althoug claims it back , while portugal does n't over olivenza . 
  also , gibraltar is to spain `` a bad neighbour '' while portugal ca n't accuse anything to spain in this regard ( olivenza is currently part of an eu-region or something similar shared by portugal and spain , edit : this is not a form of shared sovereignty , it 's done just to share some services ) . 
   the invasion of olivenza was in 1801 . 
  treaty of badajoz was after it . 
  how the fuck was the invasion about a treaty that portugal broke ? 
  there were two wars : the first one , in 1801 , called the war of the oranges in which portugal quickly accepted to close its ports to england and to give olivenza ( which was one of the few cities invaded ) to spain . 
  after the battle of trafalgar ( 1805 ) portugal decided to open its ports , which france reacted by invading portugal again . 
   seems pretty clear to me . 
  to you might not be to everyone . 
   that is the problem right there . 
  they had no right to invade portugal at any time , nor then nor later . 
  you can think that but the treaties that followed wars have always been accepted as international laws . 
   treaty of vienna in 1815 . 
  read my first comment . 
   portugal can open its ports , at any time , to whoever it decides to open them to , without that being just cause for invasion . 
  and i thought oliven\u00e7a was invaded , before the treaty of badajoz ? 
  spain and france started to invade portugal , but stopped doing so . 
  in the peace treaty that followed ( treaty of badajoz ) it was agreed that portugal would close its ports to great britain and that olivenza was ceded to spain , also spain and france would respect the rest of territories of portugal . 
  thus the first one breaking the treaty was portugal . 
  edit : as portugal started to trade again with britain , france invaded portugal once again . 
   it \u00b4 s not a part of spain . 
  treaty of alcanices that happened in 1297 , the treaty of badajoz happened in 1801 thus revoking it . 
  according to spain no treaty has revoked the article of this treaty in which olivenza was ceded to spain . 
  it is a normal part of spain , the same laws are applied there than anywhere in spain ( and extremadura ) ; it has no special consideration as gibraltar has . 
   it 's not even a part of spain de jure . 
  spain claims it to be so . 
  the only singularity about it is that it is claimed by portugal . 
  it 's always funny to read things about gibraltar and spain in uk newspapers . 
  first of all , it was n't spain nor france who broke the treaty of badajoz . 
  portugal broke it by opening their ports to the british . 
  according to spain the treaty of vienna does n't include a direct mandate to give olivenza back , you can decide by yourself :  the powers , recognizing the justice of the claims of his royal highness the prince regent of portugal and the brazils , upon the town of olivenru , and the other territories ceded to spain by the treaty of badajos of 1801 and viewing the restitution of the same as a measure necessary to insure that perfect and constant harmony between the two kingdoms of the peninsula , the preservation of which in all parts of europe , has been the constant object of their arrangements , formally engage to use their utmost endeavours , by amicable means , to procure the retrocession of the said territories , in favour of portugal . 
  and the powers declare , as far as depends upon them , that this arrangement shall take place as soon as possible . 
  it is important to compare it with other articles such as this one :  the principality of lucca shall be possessed in full sovereignty by her majesty the infant maria louisa , and her descendants , in the direct male line . 
  the principality is erected into a duchy , and shall nave a form of government founded upon the principles of that which it received in 1805 and finally spain claims gibraltar , but does few about it beside just asking the uk to give it back . 
  most complaints ( and reactions ) come after other issues such as the throwing of big blocks of concrete in spanish waters . 
  another huge difference is the status of gibraltar and olivenza , being the first a colony ( and a tax heaven ) and the second a normal part of spain . 
  not melilla . 
   theres a great opportunity to work with spanish speaking emerging markets like mexico and chile . 
  many big companies are present in south america such as telefonica or santander . 
  in fact much of their revenue comes from there . 
  what spain needs is to rationalize the working schedule , specially the lunch length . 
  also , prime time in tv is just stupid ( right now it 's starting at 22:30 ) . 
  another issue is that the time you are supposed to leave your job is usually one or two hours before the time you actually do and this is not reflected in the statistics . 
  beside this , you must understand that time is just a convention so it 's easy to communicate with people in other countries ( i have had problems setting the time for an interview by skype with the uk ) , it does n't say anywhere that because germans have lunch at 12am we also have to ( which we do n't ) , however , we wake up and start working at the same time which makes our lifestyle different . 
  the reason behind this is that companies would keep their schedule the same , thus effectively changing lifestyle , at least in relation with daytime . 
  but indeed , it should not affect lifestyle , you could set cet +0 in the other side of the earth and instead of waking up at , for example , 7am you would do at 7pm . 
  or if you prefer , if germans wake up at 7 we should do the same at 9 , which is not what happens . 
  to explain that it was n't because welsh was `` hated '' . 
  as someone said before : official in the whole country -  official in the eu . 
  official in a region -  not official in the eu . 
  the same goes for madrid : ryanair has closed many routes to madrid 's airport and the number of visits has decreased ( other airlines , specially iberia are also leaving so it 's not only ryanair ) . 
  i would have preferred `` la pluma es la lengua del alma . '', 
  ( the pen is the soul 's tongue ) by cervantes ,, 
  same happens for basque , galician or catalonian . 
  spanish : the word is not an etymology but a pure miracle . 
  yeah , it should be completely `` metallic '' on the outside , so light is reflected . 
  also , i hope you car was white-ish . 
  not to count the wind ... 
   and the seat , steering wheel and seatbelt are burning into your flesh did you use one of these ? 
  the other half would n't go to jail cause they do n't know how to use a computer, 
   [ spanish ] national colour is red no , it 's not , there 's no `` national colour '' in spain . 
  the fact that the national football team uses red is not `` official '' . 
  also , the colour of the flag is not bright yellow , it 's quite dark ( check wikipedia ) , very similar to that of the map ( and there 's as much red as yellow in the flag ) . 
  grade requirements are set your university , so i ca n't say anything about that . 
  about language , in spain only b1 is ( usually ) required . 
  depending on what you 're studying and if you plan to study or not ( yeah , it happens quite often ) it might not be enough . 
  in many of my exams the professor asked if someone was an erasmus student and those exams would be treated a little bit specially ( usually , just ignoring language issues ) , in others exams it would n't happen at all . 
  i think the difference is that we make noise inside and outside . 
  people shouting in the street ? 
  80/90 % probability of them being spanish or italian . 
  for those who like pirates movies : doubloon : spanish/ex-colonies gold coin . 
  means double `` escudo '' ( escudo -  shield ) .
