  when he was formally accused he was n't a politician any more . 
  spain is one of the countries with more transport of drugs due to its location : closest point in europe to america ( coke from colombia ) and to morocco ( hash ) . 
  it is not , at least spain and greece do n't recognise kosovo as an independent country and therefore would n't allow it in . 
  assuming that every export that right now goes to rotterdam would still be exported if the uk leaves the eu is also not entirely true ; a few thing must be taken into account : - are the uk ports ready to switch from small cargo ships that only need to cross the channel to big cargo ships that can go to the other side of the planet ? 
  - how much of the cargo is crossing by train ( eurotunnel ) , again , are the ports ready to handle this ? 
  - a single ship carries stuff for many companies - and even people . 
  in rotterdam you can find ships that go almost everywhere quite regularly , would this happen in the uk too ? 
  in general , cargo is transported to rotterdam first because it gives an advantage : reduced costs and reduced shipping times . 
  loosing access would make uk commerce harder . 
  where did you see that i considered this the only reason for the crisis ? 
  it 's mostly our problem , but this kind of immigrants do n't help . 
  many parts of the world are in the wrong time zone : http://www.travel.com.hk/region/time_95.jpg, 
  this again ... first , spain is not the only country in the `` wrong '' time zone : france , the netherlands , belgium , luxembourg , monaco , andorra , morocco and algeria - thanks , axtolip - are also supposed to be on gmt +0 , and they are not . 
  portugal is mostly on gmt-1 and is on gmt +0 , etc second : the time zone is just a label ; we should `` adapt '' to it . 
  as an example , if our time zone was to change 12 hours , we should start doing everything at the same time but pm instead of am and vice-versa . 
  but of course spain has a problem with the average timetable and it 's that we spend 12 hours in the workplace , not necessarily working ( 2 hours for lunch and many breaks as it 's hard to spend 6 hours working continuosly ) . 
  note that this extra time is illegal - there 's a 40 week hours limit - and unpaid . 
  it 's easier to blame the problem on the different time zone ( that does n't affect other countries ) instead of on the real problem . 
  registering in spain is a different deal than completing the paperwork to have the health care `` transferred '' . 
  many pensioners that are officially residing in spain are not covered by the public healthcare system as , nor them , nor the uk is paying for it . 
  i hope you understand this , if not , well , too bad for you . 
  again ... 
  they have to complete certain paperwork which they mostly do n't :  to establish entitlement you must obtain form e121 in the uk and take it to the social security office along with their application for a residence card and passport . 
  pensioners and their dependents receive free medicine . 
  you did n't get my point ... one thing is what the law says : if you live here for more than 3 months you have to do all these things . 
  and another thing is what typically happens : they do n't fill all the documentation and just move here . 
  this applies specially to pensioners , as they are n't going to work or pay taxes here . 
  and btw , i know the rules quite well , it 's not the first time i have had to go trough the procedure to help others . 
  if you think 1m buyers are not going to change prices ( in fact it 's many more , as you should include germans , dutch ... ) you are just wrong . 
  no , the uk only pays for emergencies , and only with tourists ( specially easy if you have the european health card ) . 
  what happens in spain is that either : - uk pensioners , residing officially in spain , have n't paid the health insurance in spain and thus are not supposed to be covered in spain . 
  of course , they still suffer illnesses and accidents and have to go the doctor anyway . 
  once spain tries to charge the uk , it rejects the application as they are not residing in the uk anymore . 
  - uk pensioners residing in spain , but not officially , go to the doctor and are treated for non emergency procedures and the uk ends up refusing again . 
  that only applies if the official residence is in spain , this is usually not the case ( although they live here for a long time ) . 
  they are citizens of the european union , so they have the same rights as spaniards do . 
  this means no visas , no money required and so on ( some countries may do this , specially for students , but not spain ) . 
  brits in spain usually do n't make bonds with the local communities , there are many british lawyers , restaurants and doctors : they do n't relate with spaniards . 
   who thus do n't leach on the welfare state that 's exactly what they do : they pay 0 taxes , many of the services they require are provided by other british , they refuse to speak spanish and , most importantly , are a burden on the health care system as they tend to be old . 
  tourists bring much more money than retirees . 
  they also buy houses at a , for them , cheap price ; forcing people from coastal towns to move to other towns and increasing the real state bubble that has been one of the major causes of the economic crisis in spain . 
  still , you will see few spaniards complaining about them , because this is one of the consequences of integration into the eu : we can emigrate to other countries and they can come here as they wish . 
   good idea eh ? 
  if your intent is to repeat all the wars in europe since the xii century ... then yes , it 's a good idea . 
  the have decommissioned a couple aircraft carriers ... 
  the only one left they have is just an helicopter carrier ( also , less tons than the spanish carrier - not the one you referred to - ), 
  usually that applies only to your `` last '' citizenship : if you are holding dual ( or more ) citizenships , you may lose it . 
  you can check the prices [ here ] ( https://www.alimentacion.alcampo.es/tienda/advanced_search.php?keywords=agua&amp;x=1&amp;y=16 ) ( note : be careful if you do n't speak spanish ; there are other products such as 5l distilled water -1.99 $ - ) basically : 0.5 l : .22 $ ( brand of the supermarket ) , around .50 $ other brands . 
  edit : the bottle 0.33 l costs 0.24 $ and the 1.5 l costs 0.22 $ , do n't ask me why . 
  also , `` miel '' in spanish is feminine while in most ( if not all ) of the other latin language it 's masculine . 
  he is included in those who enjoy it  i 'm in the 0.01 % that was actually interested in learning it . 
  although it should have been `` interested '', 
  that 's his point : many people learn it , but very few enjoy it , including him . 
  just the parliament . 
  but out of the 17 regions in spain , 9 are governed with more than 50 % of the seats by one of the two major parties in the national parliament . 
  of those 9 , 4 ( madrid , galicia , valencia and cantabria ) can be considered multi party easily . 
  exactly , coalitions are n't strange in spain , they have happened 3/4 times in the central government . 
  and democracy is pretty young , so i do n't understand why the uk is multi party but spain is not . 
  if the uk is considered a multi-party system , i do n't see why spain should n't be . 
  as the uk we have two major parties , that held most seats in the parliament , however , many times one of this two parties has required the `` help '' of other groups in the parliament to form majorities . 
  also , around the same percentage in both parliaments ( uk 's and spanish ) are held by the smaller groups . 
  although there are more smaller parties in spain . 
  one of the reasons is that spanish is one of the languages with less sounds , specially comparing to english . 
  most spanish dialects only have 5 vowel sounds and consonant sounds such as `` sh/s '' `` j/y '' are not distinguished naturally in spanish . 
  some examples of words that are terrible for us are : `` sit/shit/sheet '' , `` bitch/beach '' or `` jar/yar '' . 
  another reason for the low english level is that there are very few english teachers whose mother language was english , specially in public schools . 
  that only affects those currently in an erasmus : the plan of the government was to cut their scholarships too . 
  next year students wo n't be so lucky . 
  in fact , i was last year in an erasmus , the government promised 100 $ / month . 
  they ended up paying a maximum of 8 months and of those months only the 80 % . 
  in a 10 month erasmus that would have supposed a cut of 36 % . 
  my university ended up completing the 20 % for the 8 months , but not for the 2 months remaining . 
  edit : in the article it is said that they give 40 $ / month/student , last year it was 100 . 
  europe gave 150 . 
  not really , our government recently decided to scrap its contribution to the erasmus program . 
  this means that only europe will be supplying our scholarships . 
  have you actually read the article ?? 
  if you do , and you can read spanish and latin you will have a couple surprises . 
  depends on what you were asked to do , i had to listen a speech once and in another i had to complete a text with some words . 
  to this day i had to read i couple books in german ( science ) ; none in french . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cayetana_fitz-james_stuart,_18th_duchess_of_alba she is the person with more titles in spain , her ancestors are well remembered by your northern neighbours . 
  from wikipedia :  the ef english proficiency index has been criticized for its lack of representative sampling in each country . 
  the report states that participants in the tests are self-selected and must have access to the internet . 
  this pushes the index towards the realm of an online survey rather than a statistically valid evaluation . 
   however there are few alternative comparisons available of countries by their english skills , and those that exist are smaller in scale , as is the case with a reported british council study , or they have other sampling flaws , as is the case with rankings of countries by standardized english test scores such as the toefl . 
  the european commission performed a language survey , surveylang , which tests a representative sample of 15 year old european students on their foreign language skills . 
  the first report and data sets were released for 13 european countries in june 2012 . 
  this means that is not a very good statistic and , specially , is not a reference for the percentage of english speakers in a country . 
  spain ( or better , its kings , usually referred as spain , as the capital was there ) controlled at some point in the xvi/xvii centuries a lot of land : spain/portugal , a small bit in south france , corsica , sardinia , sicily , malta , half the italian peninsula , the duchy of milan , a couple other cities in north italy , east france ( the franche comte ) , luxembourg , belgium , the netherlands , england for a couple years and all the colonies , both spanish and portuguese ( south and central america , california , texas , big chunks of morocco and many cities in the coas of africa , india and china , as well as the philippines , ceylon ... ) . 
  it depends on how you count it , there are more native speakers of spanish than english , but a lot less `` secondary speakers '', 
  actually , in madrid , did you go retiro park ? 
  same story here  . 
  well , used to be , nowadays many people are being put out of their houses after unemployment ... 
  haha , well i would consider leaving till marriage in my parents house a nightmare , but as we say ... `` para gustos los colores '' . 
   i just do n't wan na sound offensive or anything so i apologize in advance no offense , i asked . 
   spanish people have the `` why is there no fiesta ( literally have heard that question ) '' attitude . 
  i have seen spaniards asking this too , but they were mostly on vacations/erasmus , if that was the case , believe me , we are not really like that . 
  about families ... 
  i 'm sorry to hear that you had n't a big family meeting ( or perhaps i should n't be , that 's up to you ) , but italians told me stories about grandparents taking care of their grandchildren when the parents are working , going to your parents/parents in law to eat on the weekends and stuff like that , that also happens in spain . 
  living till mid-twenties/marriage in your parents house also seemed `` normal '' .
