  which is your isp ? 
  the king must have accepted being the honorific president . 
  well , one king in the past , at least . 
  it would n't be the first time ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iberian_cup although that was a supercup . 
  were n't uefa requirements only about having been trained in the area/club for x years ? 
  although mostly it 's boiled down to have been borned in the area , i agree . 
  that 's still 20-30 years after spain decided on its gauge and , from wikipedia :  also , new technologies were employed for the engerth locomotives because the types in general use at this time could not handle the extreme gradients and turning radii . 
  which is exactly what spain was trying to solve . 
  switzerland first train came to basel from strasbourg and the first lines were extensions of that one so it makes sense to keep using the french railway . 
  austria back in the day was way bigger than it is nowadays ( it actually was austria-hungary ) and it was much flatter . 
  italy although has mountains , has many areas that are quite flat . 
  ( specially around the sea ) . 
  also , you are right , there are many narrow-gauge tracks in mountains , but this are much older , so more powerful engines were available . 
  the main difference is that any railway project using eu money must use ertms , so most new trainlines are incorporating it . 
  you forgot portugal ( which had to follow with the spanish decision ) . 
   because when spain rail network was initially built , the overwhelming consideration was to hinder the logistics of invading armies !, 
  that 's an urban legend , the main reason was that spain has quite a lot of mountains and wider tracks allow for bigger and more powerful engines . 
  i think i will believe quite a bit more the words about war refugees of an ex-secretary general of nato and high representative of the eu for foreign policy and security than yours ... 
  delivering it with precision and not being stopped in the way is even more complicated . 
   i 'm sure it would n't have killed their budget to get some safety cars to drive behind it with yellow lights . 
  the three cars behind the plane have emergency lights . 
  whether they are on or off is hard to say with one single photo . 
  as for why do it during the day , you have to consider that germany is quite big , and probably it 's impossible to cross it on one trip at a low speed in one single night . 
  there were a few issues for the pollers : - two new parties that were taking many votes , and the type of people that votes for them not very clear . 
  - many polls were necessary for different regions/towns , as at least podemos ( one of the new parties ) was not presenting candidates for any city directly ; in some , they supported other parties , or created `` platforms ' not directly linked to the central party . 
  - as always have been the case , many more people vote to the conservatives ( pp ) than what is said to the pollsters ( either because people lie , or the demographic of pp does n't answer the phone , this is typically taken into account in the final poll report ) . 
  that 's because you have an assigned table in the polling station . 
  the people sitting are likely to be the `` members '' of that table : a few people randomly chosen among the possible voters that have to stay there , record who has voted ( to avoid double votes ) and , at the end , count the votes . 
  add to that that their neighbours are going there all day and you have some conversations guaranteed . 
  the way i do it is simple : i pick 4 or 5 ballots , one for each of the main parties , then go to the booth , put the one i want in the envelope and the rest in my pocket . 
  mission accomplished . 
  i know one person that picks one of each , goes home , puts one in the envelope and comes back to the polling station to vote . 
  edit : also , some parties may already have sent you their ballots , so if you got one , you only have to put in the envelope and go to vote . 
  a ) sailing west all the time is relatively easy , if you know about the winds and sea currents in the atlantic it 's easy to get there and come back ( http://people.hofstra.edu/geotrans/eng/ch2en/conc2en/tradewinds.html columbus already followed a similar route in his travels ) . 
  b ) starving is not much of a problem , water - clean water - is a more pressing issue . 
  c ) i would also add that roman ships were based mostly on oars , many had small sails , but not very big or handy . 
  oar ships require more men and in general are slower which makes the other problems worse . 
  you always give us 12 ... 
  there 's another joke like that in spanish : the longest word is `` arroz '' , as it starts with an ` a ' and ends with a ` z ' . 
   can even turn it longer by turning it into an adverb , such as `` electroencefalogr\u00e1ficamente '' . 
  but that is n't in the dictionary , 
  maybe because reddit is an english webpage , and most of its users are american or british ? 
  showing in you application that you know about the company : what products it makes , how you use them and things like that makes your application a lot more appealing than someone 's else without this kind of stuff . 
  when i applied for my first job ( in r&d ) , i checked what the companies/groups were doing and in my application i mentioned explicitly how my skills were appropriate for that particular group . 
  3 cvs later , i got a job . 
  longest , recognised by the dictionary : `` electroencefalografista '' , that is , someone that performs electroencephalograms . 
  not recognised : `` ciclopentanoperhidrofenantreno '' ( chemistry ) . 
  you also have `` hipopotomonstrosesquipedaliofobia '' , which is an invented word that means `` fear to pronounce long words '' . 
  the shortests are `` a '' ( to ) , `` e '' ( special case of ` and ' ) , `` o '' ( or ) , `` u '' ( special case of ` or ' ) and `` y '' ( and ) . 
  in fact every letter has an entry in the dictionary and they can be used as nouns representing themselves , so you can say something like ` there is only one u in this sentence ' . 
  and the first spanish grammar and the expulsion of the jews ... 
  why ? 
  in other countries is either like this or write an ` x ' somewhere . 
  the fraud is avoided by controlling that people vote only once . 
  in spain the system to do this is quite elaborate : typically the voting takes place in a school and there you will have a table assigned ( there may be many ) . 
  for each table a few people ( typically 3-4 ) were chosen randomly among the voters , so they are normal citizens , not city hall clerks ( as happens in other countries ) ; they have a list with the census that corresponds to that area ( including your id number ) so they can check who you are , they will also count the votes afterwards . 
  additionally , any party can send watcher to verify everything is going smoothly , you also have policemen around every poll station . 
  i 'm not sure that would be legal . 
  his family , after all , may have not voted him ; knowing their votes were secret . 
  it 's not up to the government to find out and disclose that kind of info . 
   you do n't think they were biased against us because we are catalans ? 
  honestly ? 
  no , not at all . 
   `` supreme court '' - the ones who overturned our estatuto wrong , that was the constitutional court . 
  learn your facts . 
  i also invite you to read something a bit more impartial about that court ruling . 
  maybe something written by a non-spaniard if you wish and can find it . 
   as a catalan in spain you face prejudice everywhere are you sure that 's because you are catalan ? 
  or you faced that prejudice ( if you ever have ) only after saying things like ( and i quote you ) : `` the only ones lying to you are the ones who say spain is a democracy '' . 
  i 'm not going to appreciate you much after that , or after insulting spanish institutions without knowing even a thing about them . 
  respect others and they will respect you . 
   you 'll see when people realise that albert rivera is catalan , support for ciudadanos will drop . 
  everybody knows is catalonian , but surprise !, 
   i am going to put the largest one i can find on the balcony anyway go ahead , this country is a democracy and nobody is going to stop you . 
  some important notes : it 's not the catalan flag , it 's the * independence * catalan flag . 
  and it has n't been forbidden everywhere , only in city halls and similar buildings , and only during elections , as it can be considered propaganda . 
  it has n't even been the government , but the electoral commission . 
  it is composed by judges of the supreme court and `` catedraticos '' - maximum academic grade in spain - in either law or political science . 
   for a comparison . 
  different currencies lead to great shifts when comparing budgets . 
   it 's more comparable to australia , spain or canada all those countries have quite a better fleet , ground forces and air force : as for the fleet all have more frigates , more auxiliary ships and in the case of australia and spain , one aircraft carrier ( the second for australia is being built ) . 
  as for the army : both spain and australia have more soldiers ( comparable numbers for canada ) , as for equipment the tank issue speaks by itself ( other equipment is n't favourable to the netherlands , although i could n't find any self-propelled artillery in canada ) . 
  as for the mobile air force : the netherlands has more attack helicopters than spain ( spain is receiving tigers though ) and canada ( with 0 attack helicopters ) , similar number to australia . 
  as for attack aircraft spain wins by large ( 40 eurofighters and 80 f-18 ) against the 60 f-16 of the netherlands or the 80 australian f-18 , while canada with its 150 f-18 is a serious contender . 
  all countries are modernising in this aspect : spain is getting more 30 eurofighters , australia is getting 70 f-35 , the netherlands 30 f-35 and canada has n't decided yet . 
  summing up , the netherlands is perhaps close to canada while is quite far from the military capabilities of spain and australia . 
   maybe this is more helpful so , a bit more population , 20 attack helicopters , some training aircraft , 6 corvettes and a much stronger merchant navy is more important than 50k in military personnel , 100 attack aircraft ( fixed-wing ) , 200 fighter aircraft , 300 transport aircraft , 200 self-propelled guns , 8 frigates and ** 3 carriers ** . 
  you forgot the ( military ) fleet !, 
  honestly , at the moment , the fact that the uk has n't any real aircraft carrier makes a huge difference . 
  1900 tonnes to 2500 is not slightly larger ... ( the price of a ship increases with how much cargo you can put on it , not only with size ) . 
  yep , that 's basically it . 
  and it comes from small constituencies ( provincias ) that only have 2-3 seats . 
  the votes to the small parties in those areas are completely useless as the two biggest ones get the seats - typically pp and psoe - . 
  in other areas as madrid or barcelona things are much better as there are many more seats and the small ones get their seats . 
  extra note : and this is why podemos or ciudadanos are not a big problem for pp/psoe , they need to be over pp or psoe to get seats in small provincies, 
  the d'hont system only changes how the `` decimal '' seats are given ; that is , if there was true propotional seats all parties would end up with 47.2 , 56.7 or things like that ; d'hont only changes the outcome of those seats ( maximum , 1 seat per party ) . 
  as you said , the problem are the small constituencies . 
   so the issue is only that regional parties get favored ( ... ) no , they do n't , it 's the big ones that get more seats than they would with true proportional representation without constituencies . 
  right now for example , the pp ( conservatives ) have an absolute majority while they got less than 50 % of the votes ... 
  no , it does n't .
