  ) , perhaps some in the middle east ( but considering their enemies are usually very close and are approachable by land , i doubt it ) and several in east asia : japan , south korea and taiwan can definitely afford them , and other countries would find them useful as well , but very expensive ( vietnam , malaysia , the philippines ) ; also , selling them to any of these countries would piss off the chinese . 
  there are a lot of countries making frigates , not that many selling aircraft carriers , especially new ones for a low prize ( as far as i know , only spain has sold two to australia ) . 
  the countries involved in the issues around the spratly islands / yellow sea conflicts would love to get one of these : that would be japan , south korea , malaysia , taiwan , the philippines ... 
  this one perhaps ? 
  i work with a certain hu . 
  he has a phd . 
  therefore , he is dr hu . 
  i tried translating the article with google translator and i found a very important word : admission . 
  if you are `` admitted to floor '' ( literal translation of `` admitido a planta '' ) you are no longer in emergency care , but normal care . 
  in this case i do n't have much experience , but you probably should be allowed to move to another hospital if you desire to . 
  if the private hospital is doing something sketchy ( like inappropriate admissions ) they should be sued - by the insurance company - . 
  thing is , that free service is only for those with an european health insurance card ( as mentioned here ) , and those paying the national insurance plus families , persons that ca n't pay and so on . 
  if someone else goes to the emergency , they will be charged - after the treatment - , and does n't matter if they go to a public or private hospital . 
  the problem with many pensioners ( britons , mostly ) is that they do n't even register as residents and , of course , do n't pay the health insurance so they do n't get free healthcare . 
  note that this would apply to spaniards as well . 
  for example , i do n't live anymore in spain and thus ca n't get free healthcare there ( i may qualify as family member ) . 
  there are dots before and after : ee.uu . 
  depends on the country . 
  if you are doing something semi-professional , it may not be included ( in spain , for example , you need to be part of the federation if you want to be insured in official competitions of football , tennis and so on ) . 
  and also important for some mountain/sea sports : `` the card will not help you with rescue and repatriation . '', 
  they are forced to take you to the closest emergency room . 
  and the er in private companies is covered by the state . 
  add most sport accidents to the list !, 
   just to healthcare on the same cost plan as for nationals . 
  and only in the case of an emergency and some chronic diseases . 
  the new one , unlikely , the older one is probably unable to walk for more than 10 minutes . 
  the problem for greece is that they are needed to pay for the pensions of the greeks currently working . 
  ( and other services of course ) . 
  nokia did n't buy siemens , but a subsidiary they had in common . 
  in fact siemens is much larger than nokia , and their markets very different ( siemens is mostly an engineering company while nokia a company focused on electronics and communications ) . 
  well , it 's not only that rabbits have been decimated ( by an illness artificially introduced by humans ) , but also are killed by poachers and cars . 
  in case someone tries to look for it . 
  castellon airport is an even worse case . 
  basically , if you are 16 , it 's legal with someone that is 14 . 
  if you are 17 , with a 15 year old . 
  16 years old is for any adult . 
  any consensual relationship is still legal if the older partner is two years older or less . 
  not exactly true : http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=unemployment+in+spain, 
  the person i replied used the term . 
  however , most countries were ` obliged ' to take it , as they could n't devalue their currencies . 
  exactly , and that resistance to the bailouts is what finland should expect to encounter if she ever needs a bailout . 
  no , my reasoning is the following : finland has been in the group of countries `` forcing '' bailouts . 
  if in the future finland needs help , they may find that others may want the same treatment for finland . 
  as an example : many countries have been requesting an increase of the inflation rates in order to reduce the price of the euro , and this was mostly denied . 
  therefore some countries ( spain , greece and portugal mainly ) have been reducing salaries quite drastically . 
  it seems that finland is now in the same position and needs to do the same . 
  me too . 
  spain , for example ( as it 's the country i know best ) , had a depression in the 90s and another in the 80s , both as a percentage of gdp worse than the one we 're having right now . 
  everyone has . 
  the thing is that now , you ca n't take decisions on your own . 
  and people will remember . 
  follow the link / u / _ xr posted . 
  basically , the specific advice includes avoiding the frontiers with iraq , pakistan and afghanistan , not going close to manifestations and being careful when communicating by phone/internet . 
  only bidder . 
  the sale is not definitive ; as the price was below 70 % of the intended price , any business can present a higher bid before the 14th of september . 
  source ( in spanish ) : http://www.elmundo.es/economia/2015/07/17/55a8e903ca47416c708b4582.html, 
  there 's a ski station next to granada : https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/estaci%c3%b3n_de_esqu%c3%ad_de_sierra_nevada, 
  do n't forget clothing , ships and other agricultural products ( especially wine and olive oil ) , 
  and still we have some of the highest vaccination rates in the world for kids . 
  do n't ask messi 's accountant either . 
  probably less . 
  as a side note : the bacteria has been detected in 10 more people ( other kids that were with the infected one in a campament and one adult close to one of the kids ) . 
  none is showing symptoms of the disease . 
  all were vaccinated . 
  source ( in spanish ) : http://ccaa.elpais.com/ccaa/2015/06/27/catalunya/1435393852_158995.html, 
  not murder ; the direct translation is `` reckless homicide '' , basically killing someone by acting in an imprudent way . 
  most cases are drivers doing something stupid ( drinking , over speeding ) and companies ( managers ) for not following safety procedures . 
  that 's exactly what democracy means . 
  i do n't think so , there have been issues like this in calais for a long time , that article being an example . 
  media is only picking up now due to the strike ( which intensified the problem ) and , most importantly , the anti-immigration stance that the british citizens are showing lately . 
  most likely this will go away once things go back to `` normal ', 
  7 years ago actually ... http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/kent/7171985.stm, 
  i wonder if it 's actually the other way around ... 
  instead of `` i have a house -  let 's have kids '' it may be `` i want kids -  let 's have a house '' . 
  well , if i were french i would consider more important the espionage on the french presidents done by the usa or the issues with greece . 
  not surprisingly , both newspapers you mention have those news on their headers ... 
  more likely , argentina is in a severe economic crisis as well . 
  i also remember ... 166.386 pesetas were ( are , technically ) one euro . 
  ( easier to remember : 6 euros-1000 pesetas ) . 
   since we tecnically celebrate a defeat heh , the day of madrid is also about a defeat ( 2nd of may , insurrection against the french ) . 
  any source ? 
   ~ ~ and germany does n't allow me to get a new citizenship without giving up the german one . 
  ~ ~ are you sure about that ? 
  because `` no double nationality '' usually means that if you want to become a citizen of country a , country a asks you to give up your previous one ( s ) , not the other way around . 
  as long as they live in the uk ( important restriction ) . 
   but i 'm also assuming they vote on local elections that 's by eu law . 
  you can always vote for the council/town hall/mayor . 
  if you want to know , in old-spanish flanders ( flandes ) was loosely used for all the benelux area under spanish rule . 
  modern belgium is basically the area that the spanish managed to keep ( alessandro farnese , duke of parma , was the general in charge of this ) . 
  he could have done a lot more if the french catholics had n't requested help from him , as he had to save paris from a huguenot army . 
  so you can say belgium exists because the french required help from the spanish , which then in turn could n't defeat completely the dutch - helped by the english and many germans , austria would back spain - , all this while the guy in charge was italian ... 
  hence the `` doubles as '' , 
   the modern vessels give such an edge that personnel or vessel count ca n't very easily dwarf that . 
  in both navies the main ships were built around the same date . 
  class fridtjof nansen for norway ( built in spain ) , absalon and iver huitfeldt for denmark ( the norwegians have 5 and so do the danes , 2 ` absalons ' and 3 ` ivers ' ) . 
   modern vessels allow for more effectiveness with less staff the complements of those ships are very similar : 100 for the absalon , 165 for the iver and 120 for the fridtjof . 
   denmark is in its own stratosphere , simply because the size of its largest vessels . 
  that may apply to the iver class , but the absalon doubles as transport so its tonnage/size may be deceptive . 
  in exchange you can include the sensors : the norwegians have the aegis system installed in their boats . 
  i 'm in the uk , no problem here .
