  the problem are mostly farmers trying to get more pasture for their cattle by removing the woods . 
  other germanic languages have lost genders ( dutch and danish lost one for example , nowadays there 's only `` with gender '' and `` neutral '' ) . 
  same thing for cases ( modern german has lost one case - instrumental - , swedish makes no distinction between accusative/dative ... ) . 
  tenses in english are not that similar to italian , and for example subjunctive is similar in english-dutch ( in fact most indo european languages kept similar tenses ) . 
  english has indeed copied a lot of words from french/latin , but that alone is not enough to change it to another category . 
  finally , regarding the use of compound words : english still uses a lot more than romance languages - yes , they also have some , like french parapl\u00fa - ( literally , waterstopper , or umbrella ) . 
  some examples are footpath , or waterfall . 
  and english has n't adopted a strong pre/suffix system to modify words ( in spanish , for example , you have `` cabeza , cabezazo , cabecear , cabez\u00f3n '' meaning head , a hit with the head , the movement of your head when you are sitting and falling sleep , stubborn , respectively ) . 
  note : s + consonant is the one that causes trouble . 
  s + vowel is pronounced normally . 
  it does n't make it easier ( necessarily ) . 
  let 's say you want to prove somehow that someone has some knowledge of at least one sociocultural aspect of life in britain . 
  how do you do it ? 
  well , you ask a few questions about different things like opera , literature , or sports and , if at least one is correct , that person passes . 
  you start adding more categories ( culture , democracy , history , and so on ) and demand more than just one point each . 
  extensive knowledge in one category balances poor knowledge in the others . 
  congrats , you got a test like that . 
  the iberian peninsula was occupied ( partially ) by the muslims ( sometimes as part of the caliphate in baghdad , others as an independent caliphate or as several separate entities , almost city states ) . 
  war with the christian kingdoms ( portugal , castile/leon and aragon mostly ) was almost continuos , and granada was actually the last muslim kingdom to fall ( in 1492 ), 
  the black death and war with the iberian christian kingdoms . 
  it is important to note that this was a rather different type of monetary union , since back then the gold/silver standard was still in effect . 
  basically , what these countries agreed on was to use the same amount and quality of metals in their coins . 
  before that , trade was difficult as someone had to maintain a book with the weights , qualities and so on of as many coins as possible . 
   it is a problem for joining the euro though and joining the euro is theoretically mandatory for new eu countries ( but more time is typically given and it is not really enforced ) . 
  as i said , the scottish referendum was voted according to british law which says that the whole british parliament , not just the scottish must vote . 
  recently the leader of the scottish government asked for a new referendum , and was told they would not get it another time . 
  as for brexit , the eu treaties do n't include any specific rule or law specifying whether it 's the local parliament , or the government or whatever that must request to leave ( there 's a provision on how to deal with the country once it declared it 's intention to leave ) . 
  it has to be noted that the case of whether the uk government has the right , or not , to send the notification of withdrawal from the eu without parliamentary approval is being discussed in the supreme court . 
  we can also take the canadian example , where after the 1994 referendum ( only happened in quebec and was convoked by the quebecois government alone ) the supreme court of canada said that referendum was legal , but the intention to declare independence unilaterally was definitely not as that would require a constitutional change . 
   i do n't care what is written in the constitution , it 's not the word of god , it 's not all logical and rational . 
  perhaps you may think so , but constitutions are the most important pieces of law in the countries that have one so they must not be taken lightly , and although sometimes there 's indeed a `` superior cause '' or whatever you want to call it , that can sometimes override the constitution due to things like obvious oppression , or breaking human rights . 
  however , not many people would claim so , and i dare to say this type of case would be quickly rejected by any international court , taking into account the precedents . 
   i think if there 's the will there is the option . 
  there definitely is , but that means convincing the rest of spain and that will be hard with the current political situation in catalonia , where several parties are taking advantage of the political ` fight ' , including the nationalist parties and the one that is complaining about this video . 
   or in the scottish referendum the rest of the uk voted too the rest of the uk technically voted , as it was first discussed in westminster , and not only by the scottish mps . 
  there 's no law in the uk that regulates referenda unlike many other countries , including spain , where the constitution explicitly says ( article 92 ) that any referendum about important political matters must be presented to all citizens . 
  also , catalan independence would require a ` major ' change to the constitution that also requires a nation-wide referendum . 
  so it 's not an excuse , it 's about the most important law in spain . 
  \u1f19\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03c2 in greek ( hellas , hellenic ), 
  at least in spain you can circumvent a similar problem . 
  the main carrier ( practically a monopoly ) sends you a letter saying you have to pay * them * for your package , including handling of the request . 
  however , they are obliged to give you the customs number for your package and then you can deal directly with customs , where you only pay vat . 
  ( of course , the carrier never tells you about that ) . 
  [ old one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/greater_coat_of_arms_of_charles_i_of_spain%2c_charles_v_as_holy_roman_emperor_%281530-1556%29.svg ) , [ another old one , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/coat_of_arms_of_philip_ii_of_spain%2c_english_king_consort-spanish_variant_%281556-1558%29.svg ) when our philip ii was also king of england . 
  both have 12 , interestingly . 
  ( they were personal ones , so obviously out of use ) . 
  gps-like systems relies on many satellites orbiting the earth ( 31 in orbit for the gps ) . 
  anyone that requires to obtain his position requires , at least , to `` see '' 3 of those satellites ( see as in the satellites not being under the horizon ) . 
  if the owner of the satellites turns off some of them - or encrypt the signal - , it would be impossible for anyone in certain areas to obtain the coordinates . 
  so for example , the usa could turn off any satellites that can be seen from russia ( or perhaps keep a couple on ) . 
  this would make gps unusable on russia ( and other neighbouring areas , depending on the specific locations of the satellites ) . 
  that , and the north american academy of the spanish language is a full member of the association of spanish language academies which , among other things , publishes the main dictionary and grammar book . 
  there are 2.4 million people in spain that were born in america , while moroccans and romanians add up to around 1.4 millions . 
  around 1.3 of those born in america are already spanish citizens . 
  source : http://www.ine.es/jaxi/datos.htm?path=/t20/e245/p04/provi/l0/&amp;file=00000006.px, 
  thing is , it is much easier for latin americans to become spanish citizens . 
  thus , after a while they stop showing up in the statistics as immigrants . 
  many aqueducts had ( lead ) pipes . 
  who the hell is going to vote now from spain ? 
  we should pull out now , before we end up with 0 points ... 
  it has more merit coming from an irish , as ireland is the country that won it more times ... 
  well , that 's probably even worse , a couple times when i 've said i 'm spanish to ( silly ) americans ( american as a citizen of usa ) , they thought i was mexican ... 
  no , having being part of a eu state does n't mean at all that they will `` be in conformity with the acquis chapters '' : it will depend hugely on how the new government is formed , a new constitution might be written , which takes time and may include articles that are incompatible with the eu , frontier issues may arise with other countries and so on ... 
  many countries in europe allow naturalisation after staying for a long period . 
  what i do n't know is if that visa will allow you to work in other countries of the eu . 
  with a small hole in madrid ... 
  living in your country and not being dutch , i wish i could speak your language . 
  ( i 'm learning it , do n't worry ! ), 
  in general it 's easy for any native-speaker to understand each other , for foreigners it 's just a matter of getting used to it . 
  there 's one language derived from spanish ( beside pidgins and creoles ) : [ judaeo-spanish ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judaeo-spanish ) . 
  we can get used to it thought , the biggest problem being that they have a few more vowels sounds . 
  also , we understand written portuguese quite easily . 
  the benefits come from different sources : europe , your country , university , region , banks sometimes give scholarships attached to the erasmus and so on ... 
  i 'm an erasmus student right now , and being from spain i can tell you that the fundings we receive have been drastically reduced in the last years , specially the non-european funds . 
  standardization is one thing , uniformity is another . 
  for example having all the research conducted by only one ( really ) big university in europe is probably one of the worst things that could happen . 
  also the cultural loss that only one language would imply is just huge ( if a language is not spoken it will be forgotten with time ) . 
  i think the problem is in . 
  that 's because ciu is quite divided internally , part of the future of catalonia and spain is going to be decided in the internal politics of that party . 
  actually that happens with any country , in europe at least . 
  also tuition fees do n't apply to exchange ( erasmus ) students . 
  i would n't call it `` a desert '' , not very far away to the north and west ( around 70 km ) are quite tall mountains ( up to 2500 m. ) . 
  their effect is obvious : there 's a very big park ( el pardo ) near madrid and you can easily find woods in those directions . 
  the river i told you about comes from that direction too ) to the east there are a couple of rivers ( taju\u00f1a and jarama ) that have green zones in their shores . 
  further to the south there is the river `` tajo '' which is the one that carries more water in spain ( and portugal ) . 
  the south-east however is very dry with rather desert zones , slightly similar to some areas in california . 
  the same happen in the zones in the west and south that are far away to the rivers i mentioned . 
  so it can be said that is `` at the beginning of the desert '' . 
  technically there 's a river . 
  a small one , but it 's there . 
  ( it 's called manzanares ) . 
  actually , there is one thing called [ allophone ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allophone ) which means that different sounds are considered a single phoneme in one language , the dutch pronunciation of g is an allophone in spanish of j, 
  if someone knows spanish , it 's like `` je '' ( like in jam\u00f3n ), 
  people , what a surprise !, 
  no in europe ( this happens anyway ), 
  actually i was quite socked when i was told that circumcision is quite common around the world . 
  in spain only jewish and muslims would do it ( according to the source only 2 % of newborn babies have suffered it ) . 
  in fact i would say that this debate sounds rather stupid to most of spanish parents ... 
  so no , no dilemma in spain . 
  ( note ; other countries with similar cultures like italy , portugal , and those in south america have similar rates so this applies probably to them to ) .
