  i understand better the subtitles than to him ... and at least he can `` speak '' english , we are still waiting for a prime minister that does it . 
  je always un poco mix met nederlands , ich kan comprender that . 
  those might not be plans for invading countries , those are just usually trainings for the officials ( war games ) : some of the officials play as you , others play as the enemy and the rest are the referees . 
  at the end you will know how the official behave , which are the best/worst , etc. . and you have a good idea on how to invade/not invade a country ( or defending yours ), 
  do n't forget you attacked portugal colonies too !, 
  dutch have nothing to fear then . 
  they have no hills . 
  yeah , until they decide they want to invade you to too . 
  most of those are small battles in the colonies , only the first one ( which precedes the spanish country ) , the second one ( portugal independence from spain ) and the last two ones ( which are both related to the history i told ) are true wars . 
  in fact , considering the period of history we are talking about , very few wars happened between the two countries . 
  something common , spain has had this kind of changes many times with both france and england , once spain was at war with france , a few years later we were thinking to invade portugal with the help of the french army and a year later we were being help by the british to expel the french from our country . 
  things that happen . 
  it may happen in spain too , in casual cases it wo n't happen as those are really difficult to demonstrate , however in big cases it has happened and those who did it were prosecuted ( a famous case happened many years ago with fake olive oil ) . 
  the fact that there are n't girls is more important in my opinion . 
  i think the students are of different ages , may be because very few chose islam ? 
  most corrupt politicians are n't in parliaments ( although there are more that in other european countries ) , most of them are in town halls . 
  it means a few things : ( this applies to the national parliament , but is probably similar in the regional ones ) . 
  - he ca n't be charged by any opinion he had while he was in the parliament . 
  - he can only be arrested for obvious crimes . 
  - the supreme court is the only court that can charge them , and the parliament has to decide if they allow it or not . 
  ( and the parliament probably will allow it ) . 
  i know , but , at least in spain the government controlled ( not now we are in the euro ) how much money was printed , of course england and scotland could make an agreement similar to the euro , or to other `` shared '' currencies have existed . 
  i think that a good agreement could be that scotland fixed changing rates with the pound so if they eventually needed to change it , it can be done easily . 
  what is not going to happen is that england accepts mp 's in his parliament . 
  i think he means once scotland becomes independent . 
  i do n't think that england would allow scottish mp 's then . 
  do not go to spain . 
  seriously , almost no one is being hired in the construction sector , legally or not . 
  now , i 'm sorry but going to europe without qualification is going to be really hard . 
  maybe you will be luckier if you go to canada . 
  waiting a few years until the economical crisis ends may be a good option too . 
  probably norway , sweden , finland and canada as their respective north regions are quite ... frozen . 
  it 's the other way ... no one will want the new greek , spanish or portuguese currencies so they will be depreciated , on the other hand the german currency will be appreciated as everyone relies in their strong economy , something similar is happening with debt right now . 
  i agree with you , the problem is that different countries do n't use the same metric , and you end up comparing them and that is dangerous . 
  i think that this has been discussed a few times in the eu , i do n't know if anything came from it . 
  i had already edited it when you were writing this xd [ here ] ( http://www.boe.es/diario_boe/txt.php?id=boe-a-2012-9112#analisis ) you can check the previous and past references to a random law and a simple analysis . 
  it 's in spanish tough ( there are versions of certain laws in other languages that exist in spain ), 
  the purpose of git and the others is to let people a lot of people to change things in the project easily and broadcasting those changes to everyone . 
  as the government/parliament is the only one that can change the law i think it would be easier just to have the laws in a more traditional webpage ( sponsored by the government ) . 
  the fact that the german government does n't publish their laws ( and historical evolution ) is their problem : in spain a law is not valid until it has published in a specific document , which is freely available [ here ] ( http://www.boe.es/diario_boe/ ) and it 's available since 1960 ( when spain was ruled by a dictator btw ) and the laws are available ( including changes ) in a few sites ( depending if it 's a local law , a federal law ... ), 
  yes , that 's the point , what is the difference ? 
  the only difference there might be is the fact that you can ` divide ' you vote in different sectors and as boq said , it might not be such a good thing . 
  there are other problems : - it 's really easy to buy votes : it 's relatively easy to control a political party or a government ; it 's a lot harder to control if one anonymous person start to buy votes in their zone and then reselling them to others ... - what happens if the person you appointed to vote for you does n't want to have such power ? 
  i do n't want that responsibility , should i be forced to accept it ? 
  if not , you will end with those who want power again in the government which resembles the actual situation . 
  - if you have the technology necessary for this , why not just a direct democracy ? 
  - if you do n't know something about a certain topic , why would you know who is the best for deciding about it ? 
  it may make sense but if the law changes and nobody updates git , someone might be in trouble . 
  i think this is a good thing if it is updated . 
  it 's not weird , it 's sad and a shame . 
  in spain , english is taught since you enter in school . 
  ( 5-6 years old ) till you end your education . 
  many parents send their kids to additional courses ( not related to the school ) . 
  another language ( generally french , sometimes german ) is taught in secondary school ( 11-12 years old ) and it stops being mandatory soon . 
  the level achieved after this is very poor . 
  latin and greek are taught only if you choose to do so . 
  even if you do n't believe it , spain is one of the countries where most english classes are given , however as very few of those classes are taught in english the resulting level of the students is quite low . 
  there are very few good english teachers . 
  one of the reasons for this is that during franco 's dictatorship ( till the 80 's ) english was n't taught at all in schools , only french and latin were mandatory . 
  the basque that was spoken 2,000 years ago would be considered a different language , as any other language in the world . 
  and by the way , at least finnish is not indo-european , it 's an uralic language . 
  europe is larger that just `` the west '' so they should be in this `` contest too '', 
  like ... english ? 
  i see a good amount of non-english flags here ... 
   22 / you know that all the guys are in delft . 
  and the girls , everywhere else , especially leiden . 
  good to know , specially since i 'm moving to leiden in a few days . 
  riding a bike in the city is ... 
  in spain it is already very hard to build new buildings : you can only do so in zones delimited by the local council . 
  this led to a scarce of suitable land for building so speculation with land began . 
  another problem is the high levels of corruption : the guy responsible of deciding where you can build ( `` el concejal de urbanismo '' ) can be bribed easily or will tell his `` friends '' which land they can buy at very low prices and he will then allow them to build there , increasing the value of that land enormously . 
  summing it up : making it easier to buy land where you can build would haver reduced the boom and corruption associated with it . 
  it does ... 
  seems the old rules changed , my excuses . 
  as far as i remember there are no official scoreboards , in fact there is no `` official '' scoring system : each country picks the system that favours them : more medals , more gold medals ... 
  and then what ? 
  seriously , i 'm curious , what would be the next step in your opinion ? 
  technically , the competition is not between nations but between players . 
  yes , ceuta is christian , that was n't my point , what i mean is that it is easier to cross the border when the border is not the sea and that culturally , many north africans are closer to spain that to portugal ( as spain controlled the zone ) . 
  the history of tangier is a little bit complicated , it was the city where all the ambassadors in morocco where . 
  it was ruled by many countries at the same time so it was what is called a international zone ( something similar happened in different cities of china ) . 
  as a curious note , spain invaded ( no resistance was found ) tangier during the wwii and that was the only military move spain did during the wwii . 
  most brazilians and americans go to portugal and spain respectively . 
  there are less immigrants from those regions because the trip is more expensive : you have to travel by plane . 
  spain has had more influence in north africa than portugal , here : http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:spanish_colonies_in_africa_ ( 1950 ) . png?uselang = es you can see territories that belong to spain in the xx century . 
  today there are a couple of spanish cities in north africa ( ceuta and melilla ) and a lot of people try to cross the border ( legally and illegally ) . 
  also many try to cross the mediterranean sea in low quality boats . 
  it is easier to reach a spanish sore than a portuguese one ( distance , winds , currents ... ) . 
  if you consider that spain appeared in 1469 ( after the personal union of the kings of aragon an castille ) , then you should accept that portugal was ruled by spain ( or at least by the same guy that ruled over spain ) between 1580 and 1640 ... 
  not everyone , specially aragon-navarra . 
  i think we may find a correlation between exposure to sun and debt . 
  beware tourists !, 
  if you cook with olive oil you are doomed . 
  yes , of course , if you are from a non catholic country ( historically at least ) you are going to be righteous , like ... hmm , the british banks ? 
  good point . 
  i feel obligated to recommend you this webpage : http://www.spain.info/en/ ( there are n't a lot of photos , feel free to search in google whatever you like ) . 
  personally i always liked history , we have very beautiful [ castles ] ( http://www.cellartours.com/blog/spain/ten-most-beautiful-castles-in-spain ) and [ cathedrals ] ( http://www.sacred-destinations.com/spain/spain-cathedrals ) . 
  in fact one of the biggest historical regions in spain is called castilla which means castle xd . 
  there are also a few [ routes ] ( http://www.spain.info/en/conoce/grandes-rutas/ ) that you may follow ( or take as starting point ) . 
  if you tell me what you are interested in ( history , nature , gastronomy ... ) i will be able to help you a little bit more .
