  ca n't there be little girls with parents that are rich ? 
  better than insurance !, 
  in spain the senate is supposed to be a chamber that represents the regions , as such some senators are chosen directly by the governments of the regions , the rest are elected . 
  the senate has very little power in legislation as most of its decisions can be overridden by the congress . 
  among the exclusive powers it has is the nomination of some judges and other high positions , the capacity to revoke regions governments - never used , so far - and almost the same powers as the congress in changes that affect the constitution . 
  there have been several attempts to either increase its powers or to eliminate it completely , but as that requires a change in the constitution ( and it is very rigid in spain ) it never happened . 
  no , the excuse is yelling `` it 's all muslims !!!, 
  ! , let 's expel them !!! '', 
  as if that would solve anything . 
  that will only worsen the problem as many more moderate muslims will feel attacked . 
  the solution is to criticize those that have those ideas , not every muslim . 
  ermm , it was already happening in 1922 and france and the uk did n't start collecting the reparations seriously till the london ultimatum in 1922 and the invasion of the ruhr area ( which exacerbated the inflation ) in 1923 . 
  and yes , it 's more complicated , what did you expect ? , this is reddit , not a textbook ... 
  but denying that the versailles treaty is one of the main causes of the support to nazism is also quite daft . 
   `` heavy reparations '' those `` heavy reparations '' put the country on its knees , economically speaking ( hyperinflation ) and led to a resentment sentiment against other countries . 
  this facilitated a lot hitler 's arrival . 
  by holding up the uk at the beginning and having more manpower , better production rates and some key technologies . 
   most germans in 1939 were non-violent as well ... and when nazism was over , they did n't blink an eye when it disappeared , and germany became a pillar of the eu that , especially back then , was all about keeping peace . 
  and let 's remember the main reason nazism came to power . 
  perhaps you remember better ; it was something about making germany pay for its `` crimes '' and putting its citizens in a bad position or something like that . 
  well , fernando i , count of castile attacked his liege , the king of leon ( and his brother in law ) . 
  with the help of his brother ( king of pamplona ) they killed the king of leon in a battle and thus fernando became the new king . 
  when he died he divided his lands in three : the castillian lands were upgraded to the status of kingdom , and leon was divided in two ( leon and galicia ) . 
  so the kingdom of castile kinda comes from leon ( as was created by the person that was the king of leon at that time ) . 
  castile was originally a county of the kingdom of leon that was later on `` upgraded '' to duchy and finally kingdom . 
   charlemagne died and his sons grandsons actually , he only had one son that survived him . 
  sorry , i misunderstood your question . 
  any strike must be sanctioned by one of the unions represented , but any worker can join . 
  in small companies anyone can start a strike . 
  note : it 's possible to do something like an `` exceptional assembly '' and a strike might proceed without the unions involved . 
  kinda , the union negotiates for a minimum agreement for all employees and some other stuff ( including early retirement , firing groups of people and things like that ) . 
  workers can get bonuses and other perks if agreed with the employer . 
  every few years there 's an election where you can vote for an union to represent you . 
  there are several `` seats '' in a board that must be elected this way . 
  if you abstain , your vote is n't counted . 
  and anyone can start an union , it 's not necessarily one of the `` big ones '' . 
  union laws work differently in different countries . 
  in spain for example everyone votes for which union shall represent you ( in medium and big companies ) , however that does n't mean you are a member of that union . 
  so ... german ? 
  it 's very , very similar to the franco/italian design ( not surprisingly , as the uk was part of the initial consortium ) . 
  the armament , tripulation required , price , range and speed are almost identical . 
  the only thing i do n't know about are the sensors , which in any case are upgraded relatively often . 
  for vowels with accents ( \u00e1 , \u00e9 , \u00ed , \u00f3 , \u00fa ) and \u00f1 just keep pressed the letter without the accent and a mini-menu will appear showing all the variations for that letter - it works for many more languages - . 
  for \u00bf , press alt + shift + / ( note it 's where ? 
  is ) ; for \u00a1 , press alt +1 ( where !, 
  this assumes and english ( uk ) keyboard . 
  alt + 173 ( the numbers must come from the number pad , and the left alt , not right ) . 
  full list : http://www.elcodigoascii.com.ar/codigos-ascii/signo-admiracion-exclamacion-codigo-ascii-33.html, 
  hi ! , how are you ? 
  also , the change came because the flag of naples was very similar , both were the coat of arms of the king over a white background . 
  both spain and naples were ruled by bourbons so even the coats of arms were very similar ( charles iii of spain was the king of naples prior accepting the throne of spain ) . 
  this is about towels in the sand , the seats/umbrellas and so on that are already there are indeed rented . 
   bundeswehr massively rearms no more brooms anymore ? 
  they are selling it with only one thickness as far as i can see . 
  one thing i have realised is that spaniards do n't drink wine when they go out at night . 
  typically they drink spirits , mixed with a soda , or perhaps beer . 
  never wine . 
  in the netherlands , france , uk , germany it 's common that most people drink only wine or beer while in a pub/small club . 
   180kg/m2 ( weird measurement ? ), 
  they are excluding the depth of the barrier , as it 's always constant . 
  basically , for each square meter of protection you want , add 180kg . 
  most armour has a limited amount of bullets/explosives it can take . 
   really ? 
  i thought partido popular woudl gladly reverse some of the reforms introduced by psoe . 
  the partido popular asked the constitutional court about the gay marriage law after it was passed , then they got into the government and did n't change it , `` waiting for the court to give their ruling about it '' . 
  the court did n't find anything unconstitutional against the law so the popular party maintained it . 
  they are doing the same with the abortion law at the moment . 
  in my opinion these are just maneuvers to look like they are against it and try to content the catholics while at the same time keep the laws . 
  note that they could have reverted those laws as they have an absolute majority in the parliament . 
   i guess the left one is podemos , but what is the second one ? 
  ciudadanos , it has a bit less support than podemos , but was ( and will be ) important in the coalitions game . 
  in spain you had two main parties , one socialist , the other conservative . 
  the conservatives usually support the church opinions ( abortion , divorce , gay marriage ... ) . 
  however , when those laws were passed by the socialists , the conservatives have never reverted them once they could - they made a minor change in the abortion law - . 
  many staunch catholics tend to despise this party because of that , but as there 's no other important party that would listen to them , they still vote this party . 
  there are many catholics in their ranks as well . 
  the socialists also have promised sometimes to revoke some of the privileges that the catholic church enjoys , specially the tax reductions and some educational perks they get ( for example , public schools have catholic religion teachers , paid by the state , that must receive permission from a bishop to teach ) . 
  very few catholics are members ( one major exception was jose bono , that was close to be the presidential candidate ) . 
  the two new parties ( one in the left , the other in the right political spectrum ) have n't talked much about the church . 
   then this drop in `` competitiveness '' needs to get masked by an inflow of cheap credit which sparks a speculative building boom . 
  i disagree , you need external inversion , but you must put it where it 's required the most : good examples would be all the car factories in spain ( it 's also happening in poland , but to a lesser extent ) , or the engineering companies that came with the infrastructure expansion ; a bad example would be the real state bubble in spain . 
  this inversion would be enhanced by the euro , and would enable poland to go from `` low wages , low skills , manufacturing country '' to `` medium wages , very high technical skills , service-based country '' . 
  indeed , but that came after a very long period of isolationism after the spanish civil war/ii world war . 
  spain for example did n't join the un till 1955 , and the imf till 1959 . 
  so yes , spain was growing a lot , but only because we were coming from a shithole . 
  it 's a success story , but it definitely is not the first . 
  poland 's recent history reminds me of spain 's , but 20 years later . 
  this resemblance is even more striking if you consider their similar sizes and populations . 
  basically , both countries entered democracy after long periods of dictatorship/communism , opening to international trade . 
  before joining the european union many spaniards were leaving to other countries for work ( france , germany ) like the poles did ( germany , uk ) . 
  when both countries joined the eu - spain in 1986 , poland in 2004 - they had a gdp of around 200 billion dollars , a few years later , right before an economical crisis both had tripled their gdp and were considered the economic miracle of europe ... as a side note , a great part of the economic boom in both countries came from an improvement in infraestructures paid , in great part , by the eu . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/gdp http://www.tradingeconomics.com/poland/gdp, 
  note that `` cerveza '' and the other variants in the iberian peninsula come from celtic , as those in bretagne , wales and switzerland . 
  an aircraft carrier ( with its escort ) can play a very similar role , but it 's more expensive . 
  basically : power projection . 
  india could be , but i think that they would cancel their second carrier then ,, 
  india is making one themselves already . 
  and they have a second planned . 
  and c ) they do n't have their own carriers/amphibious ships already built or in construction . 
  that basically leaves you with very few european countries ( the netherlands , norway ?
