  in order to not give precedence to the man , a law was passed in which the parents could switch the order , however the stupid thing comes in the details on what happens when there 's a disagreement between the parents on which should go first ... someone decided that they were going to be in alphabetical order , which does n't make much sense in my opinion ( a random choice should have been better ) . 
  actually aznar did n't liberalised land , he allowed city halls to decide in which land you can build a house and on which not . 
  thus there 's still a scarce of land that increased prices . 
  ( the famous `` recalificaciones '' started then ) also city halls tend to be more corrupt and big neighbourhoods started to be constructed from scratch , instead of increasing slowly the existent ones , as the city hall will get a lot more money in this case ( through taxes and bribes ) . 
  good luck telling the italians they have to buy cyprus ... 
  european union ! = eurozone, 
  i wonder if in that chart one litre of beer is the same as one litre of vodka ( for example ) or if it 's just ethanol consumption per capita . 
  pa\u00edses bajos is the official name in spanish ( though holanda is more common ), 
  it 's not like anyone decided to `` cede '' easter europe , the soviet army was already there , and telling them to leave would have led to a war . 
  kinda , having lived there i 've realised that errors are recognised and forgiven more easily . 
   besides that , if i do something wrong i will admit it and learn from it . 
  yep . 
  you 're dutch, 
  that probably means that the students that stay in high school do better than those who quit ... 
  they are n't equivalent : rescatar is a transitive verb thus it needs what in spanish is a `` objeto directo '' or `` complemento directo '' , this kind of object can only be introduced by `` a '' when it 's followed by a personal name , therefore `` rescatamos a juan '' is valid , but `` rescatamos a personas '' is not . 
  there 's a problem ( specially with certain dialects ) in which this kind of object is mixed with the `` objeto indirecto '' ( or `` complemento indirecto '' ) which must be preceded by `` a '' in almost every case , this is usually explained as `` who or what receives the action '' for some verbs it 's obvious ( i gave a book to juan ) but with others like rescue the thing is harder : in the phrase used : in `` rescatamos a personas '' is personas direct or indirect ? 
  the solution can be obtained by making the phrase passive : `` las personas son rescatadas '' if it becomes the subject ( as in this case ) it 's direct , if not , indirect . 
  check different banks , in spain a few ones may offer 3 or 4 transfers per month for a reduced price , other may charge 20 $ or even more . 
  they have agreements with many countries , so be careful ... 
  one of the biggest advantages/disadvantages is that you get social benefits only in your country ; the minimum pension may change quite a lot ... you can use only your embassies ( except in really important emergencies ; basically only natural catastrophes ) and many others ... 
  you also will have to fill us tax forms every year , even if you 're working abroad . 
  in spain being a tourist actually means you wo n't have to pay the fine as it 's really hard to send the fine to your address ... 
  or just try with binary numbers . 
  only if your country has n't one , an for example , renovating your ids in case you lose them is not possible . 
  also , embassies still offer some non-emergency services that you also ca n't use . 
  not really , it 's not the same being a citizen of spain than a resident in spain . 
  it does n't make a difference but some advantages might be a minimum pension , vote rights , you can use spanish embassies ... 
  as well as for brazil/portugal , citizens of the ex-colonies of spain only have to reside here for one or two years ( the same goes for portugal and andorra ), 
  to be fair sephardi jews already had it easy to become spanish : residence was granted and i think they had to stay in the country for one year . 
  in fact , during wwii a similar law was used by a few ambassadors to grant spanish citizenship to many jews that were n't sephardi so they could scape the nazis ... 
  almost all countries where spanish is spoken widely have an `` academia de la lengua '' , the last member is the united states academy . 
  all the books ( dictionaries , grammar books ) are a joint effort . 
  in fact the ones that requested this were the mexicans and spain did n't go to the first meeting . 
  luxembourg hosts a lot of institutions of the eu so any money spend on those probably is reflected as money for luxembourg . 
  and we never did anything serious about it ... morocco declared war on us a couple times . 
  before they should let west sahara have the referendum the un said had to be held ... and stop claiming spanish territories would be nice . 
  well , for me europe has three big cultural regions : south ( france , spain , italy , greece ... ) , central north ( uk , germany , nordic countries , netherlands ) and east ( basically , ex-soviet republics , this one could also be divided in balkans ) . 
  right now the leader in europe are the economic leaders , that is : germany , netherlands and the nordic countries . 
  ( uk is not here ) . 
  and the closet countries to sweden are obviously the other nordic countries , but after them which do you think ? 
  considering his past comments i would say he is from sweden . 
  which is funny considering that the `` political leader '' of the european union right now is germany , and i would say both countries share a fair amount of culture ... and i would like to know his stance on sami separatism . 
  it means that a company that is making a certain product with a certain efficiency will have less profit that the same company in the other country . 
  thus , if that money is reinvested in improving the product , the company in the country with higher tariffs will improve it 's product and put out of business the other company . 
  yeah , but if you do that you want the other part to do the same with your products , and to put the same tariffs on third countries ( or state that products from third countries have a specific tariff , or ... ) , it 's not that easy . 
  i know , but you saying `` let 's murder vigilantes '' , even when you did n't mean it ... just ... does n't feel good . 
  hey , `` vigilante '' is a spanish word that means `` a person that protects or guards something ( in a very general sense ) '' , `` someone that is asleep '' or `` police agent '' . 
  i always hated this word ... 
  hhttp : / / es.wikipedia.org/wiki/relieve_de_espa%c3%b1a for being specific the width of the railway is not good because we are higher than others but because we have lots of mountains ( a huge plain at 3 000m would n't need them ) and because it helped in case of invasion from europe ( france ) . 
  just do n't let them hear you calling their country `` holland '' . 
  that 's not true : austria ( and liechtenstein and andorra ) have higher average altitude , also i 'm speaking only about spain , portugal decreases the average height . 
  it should be noted that it does n't specify whether the technology was bought first to the us . 
  every time the us sells some equipment the contract says that you ca n't resell that stuff to certain countries ( iran , north korea ... ) . 
  in this case the minister broke a contract and if the country has extradition agreements with usa . . another thing would be if he tried to sell equipment made and designed by romanians . 
  i just do n't get why using localised webpages means that a language is disappearing , if they had to use one in english then you 're right . 
   51 % of eu citizens can converse in english , and that number is rising rapidly . 
   i 'd say that 's a surprisingly low number , actually . 
  the french , italians and specially us are quite good reducing that percentage . 
  facebook is translated to many languages , so are amazon and many other big webpages . 
  the euro is not the eu ... 
  our carriers are really small , the oldest one is a copy of what is called a `` light carrier '' in the usa , the french have one bigger and i think the british had three but are not in service right for reducing costs , and even then they 're not comparable to the biggest carriers of the usa . 
  those articles were quite useless , you can probably find traces of that everywhere . 
  even new banknotes had them . 
  oh me too , do you know where to get one ? 
   like for example answering some stupid survey a friend of mine had to do this and went to the metro station ; while we 're waiting for the train to arrive we ca n't say we 're late right ? 
  90 % of the people answered the poll ... 
  edited now for clarity , 
  yes , you 're right , it 's edited now . 
  having lived there ( and going back in a couple days ) : you 're not just askers , sometimes you just give answers when nobody asked . 
  in my opinion the best ones are `` we should meet for a beer or something soon '' and deciding when you have to go out of a party , you 're never going to be asked to leave , however there are a few indicators that foreigners just do n't understand . 
  we are trying : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juaauoh-3lm, 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't know way but i thought you wrote it in another way . 
  my apologies . 
  it would n't be latitudinally , if any place gets more light during summer , it gets less during winter . 
  in the equator it 's always the same . 
  is there any rule that says that your flag has to be your country of residence ? 
  he may be bosnian and be living there, 
  other englishmen seem not to hate it when they come here !, 
  i think it 's 1600 -  1800 , there 's a typo . 
  this measure of sunlight hours already takes care of clouds . 
  if it did n't you should see lines parallel to the equator ( or better : perpendicular to the rotation axis ) . 
  and only if divided by periods of time smaller than 1 year , if not , all would be the same . 
  actually madrid ( spain ) and madrid ( nebraska ) are at the same altitude : 40\u00ban , that 's why the second one was called like that ( though there are several madrid in usa ) . 
  well , the faroe islands are probably completely independent in this map . 
  check portugal . 
  and the republic of serbia is not one of those countries . 
  a little more explanation would have been good i guess ... 
  your country has more bikes per capita than any other , your cities are rather small , however they occupy half the country and you have ( at least when it 's not snowing ) one the best public transport systems in the world . 
  also most of the streets only have on line so you do n't have to move between lines in a traffic jam ( which makes things a lot easier ) . 
  for comparison : next to my house there 's a highway with 20 lines in total that is just crazy . 
  a few dutch have come and tried to get in there and one hour later they were quite nervous . 
  i have to say that you 're not that good drivers , cars stop in de zebrapads less often than in spain . 
  also , most of you are not used to traffic jams . 
  i 'm sorry but i disagree , although in the past the english were more hated , nowadays i would say the french win . 
  the mexicans also have bull fighting , and cock fighting ( which we do n't have ) . 
  well , this is not european union subreddit , it 's europe so at least every european flag would be nice ... 
  you can do only one , but you can participate in other exchange programs . 
  i guess that at least everyone in nato should recognise them , and spain does n't . 
  often lead us into war ? 
  it was a long time ago since spain fought against another european country .
