  spanish dollar , or more commonly known , pieces of eight : spanish silver coin , typically used as a synonymous of gold in movies . 
  the coins were commonly cut in half , quarters or in eight pieces . 
  each dollar had the value of eight `` real '' ( real -  royal ) . 
  by the way , this book was n't useful for a long time ; 3 years later , in 1865 the latin monetary union ( yeah , the euro is not the first european single currency ) started . 
  many countries would join pairing their coins by basically making them with the same amount of gold/silver so that exchange was easier . 
  most of the currencies in europe ( pre-euro ) were named after these coins . 
  one of our ex-colonies is listed there and as it says `` including all south american republics '' . 
  ( note : cuba , puerto rico , the philippines were still spanish ) . 
  i like the herring , even without a brodje . 
  change one letter , and you have spain in ... 
  without . 
  perhaps a little bit tastier , but i like the texture more . 
  note for everyone else : cebolla -  onions it 's quite discussed from time to time if the basic tortilla should or should n't have onions . 
  i think it 's dutch . 
  haiti should be blue ( french ) and guinea equatorial dark green ( spanish is widely spoken , much more than portuguese ), 
  in spain the conservatives ( epp ) will loose many seats ( around one third/8 seats ) . 
  the social democrats ( s&d ) will be as last time ( they did bad ) . 
  a small group that is in the non-inscrits group will go from 1 seat to a few ones ( it 's a party hard to define , they probably would love to be between the lib-dems but there are two parties that want independence of catalonia and the basque country in there , and this party hates them ) . 
  the left/communists ( gue-ngl ) will get most of the seats left by the conservatives , going from 1 seat to around 8 . 
  the most important issue in spain is going to be the abstention , this might be the election in which less percentage of people ever voted . 
  spain 's social democrats are not more popular than the conservatives right now ( specially since there is an important fight for leadership inside the party ) . 
  it is the left what is arising as well as a little party that wo n't have more than 2 or 3 seats in the ep . 
  the old flag of the kingdom of aragon is composed of yellow and red stripes . 
  all regions that once belonged to it have that as the main pattern of their respective flags ; catalonia 's one is just that pattern , the others add something , hence the yellow . 
  in particular , the flag of the independence movement is also slightly different , adding a blue triangle with a start . 
  the yellow is only bad luck if in your clothes , 
  well , it 's `` madrid '' what does n't allow them to have the same rights . 
  well , in the case of motels is easy to answer : trips by road are much more shorter/uncommon in europe than in the usa due to shorter distances , therefore there is n't much competition between motels . 
  very low indeed . 
  i do n't remember who said this many years ago : we have been so worried catching up with the rest of europe that once we do we will fail as we wo n't be able to do anything by ourselves . 
  to be fair , we only drink hot chocolate in winter and when it 's cold . 
  so we do n't drink it so often . 
  why those survived and not others is quite interesting : catalonia ( actually the kingdom of aragon , with capital in barcelona ) had many `` fueros '' too , however , during the was of spanish succession ( 1700-1713 ) the kingdom of aragon decided to support the austria claimant , while castille and navarre supported the french one . 
  as the french won he decided to screw aragon and eliminate all fueros . 
  so , no seafood for you then . 
   all changes would presume a changes at a constitutional level , is it that difficult to make the change ? 
  theoretically , no , in the practice , yes : any change in the constitution requires the agreement of the two biggest parties in spain ( conservatives and socialdemocrats ) and it is hard for them to agree in these questions . 
  by now , only two changes have been made to the constitution : one in order to adapt to the maastricht treaty , it only included the words `` and pasive '' ; the other one is considered to have been imposed by germany in 2011 and is about limiting the possible debt of the regions . 
   most expenses ( payments ) take place at a regional level ( schools , roads or social services ) so i would expect a `` slim '' government could handle a decentralised fiscal system . 
  health care , school system and many infrastructures are paid by the regions , however the central government sets most of the laws concerning them . 
  the central government is also the biggest source of income of the regions and therefore is the target of many complaints from the regions . 
  also , take into account that a lot of power was given to the regions right before the crisis ( specially education and healthcare ) and that spain is going through bad times , so more transfers of power are not being discussed ( except for catalonia ) . 
   why not give all the states autonomy and complete responsibility ? 
  because most laws are made by the central congress , as stated by the constitution . 
  a good example is the educational system : the central government sets the basic laws ( mandatory classes , which degreed are can be offered and so on ... ) the local governments must follow these rules . 
  if there 's no set of common laws the different regions would start to have too different educational systems and mobility between regions would be difficult ( and that is also in the constitution ) . 
  another thing is to  is the government budget so reliant on the income ? 
  i do n't understand this : every budget is reliant on how much money you can obtain , in the case of a government it 's income + debt . 
   are these reforms discussed or debated ? 
  ( beside the basque and catalonia ) is local autonomy something even on the table ? 
  the ones with a special agreement are the basque country and navarre , for historical reasons ( again , this is in the constitution ) . 
  all the other autonomous regions have a `` statute of autonomy '' that was passed in the local congress and after that in the central one . 
  some of these statutes where heavily discussed ( specially the catalonian one ) and others were not . 
  if i remember correctly the only thing that was not transferred was the power to allow new power plants to be built , inspections and not so dangerous installations are part of catalonia 's responsibility . 
  you can get more info here : http://www20.gencat.cat/portal/site/empresaiocupacio/menuitem.32aac87fcae8e050a6740d63b0c0e1a0/?vgnextoid=275a44926867e210vgnvcm1000008d0c1e0arcrd the situation is quite strange in this case , as the csn is independent of the central administration . 
   are the fiscal privileges granted by the central authority ? 
  those of the basque country and navarre are granted by the constitution , the details where written mainly by the congress of those regions and then passed by the central congress . 
   are n't regions ( wealthy ones ) self sustained fiscally ? 
  not exactly , the current system is a mess , taxes may go directly to a certain administration ( city hall , province , autonomous region or central government ) , however many times the central government does transfer ( you pay to the central government , and they transfer the money to the autonomous region/province or whatever ) certain taxes to the other administrations as well as direct transfers of money . 
  other administrations may do similar things ( for example , the autonomous regions usually give money to the city halls ) . 
  the problem arises because this is done differently for each region : every region gets different taxes and transfers . 
  the situation is even worse as not every administration has the same responsibilities ( for example , the organisation responsible of the security of nuclear power plants is independent in catalonia ) . 
   do n't local governments ( poor regions ) have the authority ( and responsibility ) to take economic measures ? 
  to a limited extent , yes , they can , but only about those things that the central government allowed them , the main ones , such as vat or income tax are set by the central government . 
  the details again depend on the region . 
  nah , [ chocolate con churros ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0p78chku31r5dwa1o1_500.jpg ) is better . 
  i 'm sorry , but you are wrong , those things were not done when spain had the flag i have but something else ; there 's no relationship between this flag and `` fascism , a dictatorship and the mass murder of a huge part of the population '' . 
  the difference is even more important than changing one color of the flag . 
  if only were those three ... 
  i do n't think so : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/borssele_nuclear_power_plant, 
  http://www.elcorreo.com/vizcaya/rc/20130902/mundo/unos-islotes-perdidos-atlantico-201309021645.html this is the `` best one '' you might find for now in spain . 
  wait till tomorrow for more newspapers . 
  usa had 84 and 96 , i still do n't see your point . 
  and tokyo 64 ... and london 1908 , 1948 and 2012 . 
  i do n't like much to have the olympic games in madrid , but just `` you already had them '' is not a good reason . 
  and who do you think is ruling in europe ? 
  spain ? , poland ? , sweden ? 
  or the parliament ? 
  and you should n't forget who has an army in europe nowadays : you have the big ones , the uk and france ; those with limited projection capabilities : italy , spain and to a lesser extent germany . 
  there are a few more countries with limited scopes : the netherlands ( all their tanks were sold not so long ago ) , greece ( whose only concern is turkey ) , perhaps sweden ( lots of planes , fabricated by themselves ) and poland ( because of their size ) . 
  of all these the only ones with clear goals are greece and spain ( and their interest is basically defensive , against turkey and morocco , respectively ) . 
  france and the uk are the only ones interested in carrying wars on their own and all their necessities are covered up by nato ( basically , usa ) . 
  in general , france and the uk are not going to give up their independence for shaving some money , the others just do n't care enough to even press on this direction . 
  nah , first we have to finish our secret plan to invade gibraltar and then we will see . 
  oh wait ... now , seriously , spain has bigger troubles right now , perhaps something like in libia might happen , a couple fighters will be send as supporting role and increase supplies to the american base in spain . 
  good luck convincing the uk that their idea is not the best , or trying to convince germany to do something without a previous ( direct ) attack on one of the nato/eu members . 
  i do n't think france joining an attack without uk is good for an `` increased eu military integration '' since it would show one of the major problems of such integration : every country may decide to do something very different in a crisis and their troops would have to do the opposite . 
  that happens every summer , more than once . 
  yes , there 's only a queue with vehicles , if you cross the frontier walking , only your passport ( 3 seconds ) is checked . 
  not really , schengen area is about immigration ( passport control ) and eucu ( european union customs union ) is about goods . 
  the current issue is about goods not people , and therefore joining the schengen area is useless . 
  gibraltar will never want to be included in the eucu as high vat taxes are enforced within the union and that would destroy its economy . 
  at least we have one kingdom called `` lion '', 
  and the big countries are n't now as weird as they were ( uk , france , germany ) . 
  no correlation found , btw, 
  do n't worry to much , the text that describes the images is crappy : many grammatical errors and sometimes it does n't make sense ( the one of the hotel says that `` vlad dracula was born here '' , i wonder the connection with the hotel ) . 
  if you choose one of the axis to be in percentage over economy , the other should be done in the same way , not in total terms . 
  gibraltar is not part of the eucu : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_member_state_territories_and_the_european_union#gibraltar being an european citizen ( uk ) does n't mean that you can cross any border of europe without going through the customs , if you come from , let 's say , brazil , you must declare any goods you bring . 
  gibraltar has the same status ( other areas of the eu share a similar status like heligoland or other islands , as well as other overseas territories of france , uk or the netherlands ), 
  inside the schengen area there are n't any checks nor customs ( unless special circumstances arise ) , i do n't need my passport to travel to france .
