  an id is usually required in order to access the plane for security reasons , but no check is done if travelling by road . 
  the uk and ireland decided to stay outside the schengen area and therefore anyone coming from those areas is required to show a passport to enter the area ( although it is usually not enforced ) . 
  they are still free to move and reside inside the area . 
  summing everything up : - free movement of goods : european union customs union - free movement of people : for european citizens - no checks in the border : schengen area gibraltar is not part of the schengen area or the eucu and therefore there 's no free movement of goods between spain and gibraltar and there are border controls . 
  gibraltar citizens are also citizens of the uk and therefore are free to move and reside in spain , they still may have to show their passport when they cross the border . 
  this kind of bonds can be resold ( in a secondary market ) and brokers can act as intermediaries so knowing who bought what becomes hard , if not impossible to know . 
  in case you are wondering if ireland should stop paying those who invested in them , the problem that arises is who will buy more debt from ireland . 
  actually that would help , however it will also mean the end of the tax heaven that gibraltar is , screwing the economy there . 
  gibraltar is not part of the schengen area , nor the european union customs union , as a result , there is not free movement of goods or people ( the custom is like that with a country not in the eu ) . 
  actually gibraltar is not part of the customs union ( eucu ) and therefore it 's not part of the common market . 
  eucu is about goods and the schengen area about people ( passports ) . 
  this means that even if the citizens of gibraltar are british ( and therefore , eu citizens ) goods imported from gibraltar are considered as if they were imported from another country , not in the eu ( for example , usa , argentina or australia ) . 
  only greece has n't paid completely their debt . 
  ireland , spain and italy have paid to those that invested in them . 
  and anyone can invest in government bonds , the minimum is usually around 1k or 2k $ . 
  it is usually really hard to know who has invested in these bonds ; for example , if you have a pension fund , the money you put in there is invested in hundreds of different things , as a result perhaps bank `` x '' has a lot of money on greek bonds , but only as an intermediary of a pension fund . 
  the judge will like the opinion/information of the politician many times , for example : someone denounces that x politician hit him . 
  the judge asks the politician what he has to say about it . 
  repeat 1000 times and the politician will end up quitting . 
  ( and if it is an important politician , more than 1000 people will hate him ) . 
  in any case immunity usually is not complete , there 's usually a special court that can investigate politicians ( only for certain crimes ) , the congress or assembly he belongs to can decide to withdrawn that immunity or once the politician stops having immunity he is judged for everything . 
  the purpose of immunity is n't only to allow hate speech in the parliament but to make sure that meps are n't excessively prosecuted : just imagine some politician is not liked and starts to receive hundreds , if not thousands of stupid judiciary demands from angry citizens or other parties ; he will have to quit as he wo n't have time to defend himself from everything and ... goodbye democracy . 
  the tordesillas traty did n't say anything about slavery directly , however , as spain could n't conquest anything in africa ( not even fish to the south of the canary islands ) getting slaves there was not allowed . 
  the new laws are what forbid to slave the american natives . 
  i 'm sorry but no : spain had forbidden to capture africans slaves as a result of the `` tordesillas treaty '' ( spain and portugal divided for themselves the world : america for spain and africa for portugal ) . 
  also , thanks to bartolom\u00e9 de las casas ( and the passing of the `` new laws '' , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_laws ) slavery of western indiands was forbidden , although many land owners did n't respect it . 
  nevertheless , selling slaves was n't that common and many spanish ended up in jail because of that , including the first viceroy of america and columbus . 
  or you know , they just copied another map . 
  well , you can choose three different dates : -1291 : the first confederation was made , it was basically an alliance of small cities that were part of the holy roman empire ( they had to pay money , send soldiers if requested ... ) . 
  they were no more independent than hamburg , or k\u00f6ln . 
  -1648 , peace of westfalia ( end of the 30 years war ) : after this treaty switzerland became `` de iure '' independent . 
  nevertheless it would hardly be considered as a single country , it was a cluster of small independent countries ( cantons ) with an alliance between them . 
  -1815 , congress of viena ( end of the napoleonic wars ) : switzerland became a completely independent state , was given valais , neuchatel and geneva and its neutrality was recognised . 
  after 20 or 30 years a civil war happened and in 1848 switzerland became a truly federal state . 
  personally , i would use 1848 as the true starting point of switzerland . 
  before that , only small states , that would n't be included in the map existed . 
  technically they belonged to the holy roman empire which was dissolved during the napoleonic wars . 
  switzerland would be formed as a completely independent state after kicking out the french ... 
  and also you had free transport ( it 's going to be now a reduction ) . 
  a chinook would hardly fight , it 's a transport helicopter . 
  i was n't negative at all , my point the waste would happen if we do n't get the olympics . 
  well , to be fair this is the third time in a row madrid tries , as a result , a good bunch of stuff is already built . 
  technically 112 is the carabinieri , and if the emergency is not for them you will be redirected to another number . 
  ( still , you lose time ) . 
  to be fair , `` la mula de parenzo '' makes sense in spanish ( it would have been something as `` la ragazza di parenzo '' in italian . 
  the only problem is that `` mula '' in spanish is the breed between a horse and a donkey ... 
  please no . 
  r/europe is a nice place to be , but reddit in general is n't exactly the best sample for a poll , more likely , the complete opposite . 
  this leads to misleading polls . 
  misleading polls are crap that should have never been produced . 
  and all that is much harder than being forced to go to the army ... 
  not necessarily , broader gauges allow bigger trains and with a bigger train you can get a bigger motor . 
  ( specially for steam locomotives ) . 
  well , that 's with high speed trains , currently we have this available : http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:spain_high_speed_rail.svg, 
  i am not , there are usually two things to consider for the track gauge : geography and politics . 
  the track gauge defines the radius of the curves , if you have broader curves you will get problems if your country has too many mountains . 
  and politics : having the same gauge as your neighbour has one disadvantage : you do n't need conversion systems/change train and one advantage : you neighbour would have a worse time invading you and he ca n't use his trains for his supply lines he either has to build some or capture yours . 
  check the neighbour of india !, 
  ( if you check the map for enemies you should remember the political differences at the time for example spain had been recently invaded by france ), 
  i do n't think renfe is guilty for that : between madrid and vilar formoso ( first city in portugal ) the trip takes 3 hours and 45 minutes , from madrid to lisbon it takes 11 hours ... 
  there are 6 stations is spain and 11 in portugal ... 
  i would say it 's your fault . 
  i do n't think it 's healthy for a democracy : you are giving military training to everyone , including people you do n't want to know how to shoot . 
  and on the other hand you are giving military training to everybody , including groups you might not want to . 
  nah , it 's mostly the vowels , we only have 5 sounds , you had like 14 sounds or something like that . 
  spain is indeed quite barren , most the population lives in the coast or in madrid and a few more cities in the centre . 
  in fact spain is one of the most countries with a higher average height in europe , after switzerland and austria ( and smaller states like andorra ) . 
  this plus a lack of water in the centre pushed people to the coastline and the rivers ( you can see a few lines in the map ) . 
  madrid is an exception as it is the capital . 
  through normandy ... ( happened twice ), 
  to be fair , they 're as much far away as you can , it is the antipode of spain : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:antipodes_laea.png, 
  plus madrid . 
  the rule of thumb is that if you have two separate leagues you must have your own national team , if you play in the same league , you must have only one `` national '' team . 
  exceptions exist ( specially with very small countries ) . 
  lucky you , we had 166.386 to 1 , that more or less became 100 to 1 . 
  specially for small things ( for bigger things , the ratio 1000 to 6 was more common ) . 
  if you consider spanish history , the legend and what the maps seems to represent , it may not be that inaccurate : if you translate the title of the map ( it 's spanish ) it means `` map of the genetic structure in europe '' , you can try to decipher what it means xd . 
  the legend for red includes both celtic and basque . 
  basque were ( and are ) quite abundant in spain and took a major role in the reconquista ; hell , even the new dutch queen has a basque surname . 
  if you check celtic history you will realize that they come from centre europe and that the considered celtic nations are actually the places where they survived as a culture , not necessarily the places where they were more influential through history , you can check wikipedia page about this , specially the map : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celts, 
  i would say people from paraguay are quite aware of the economic situation in spain , as it affects them quite heavily , even more considering what this article is about . 
  no , i do n't know how to cook mexican food . 
  that goes for you ` murica . 
  which will have to be paid by someone if the bank has n't money to give it to you . 
  if you can either give 20k per account to the bank and save it ( so you do n't have to pay 100k per account ) would you do it ? 
  ( 20k is a random number ), 
  i 've studied both and while dutch may have more exceptions it 's more simple : only two genres and no declinations make things easy . 
  to be fair , dutch grammar is something like simplified german grammar ... 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_east_africa it did n't last much though . 
  so , i guess that then we know more about you colonies than yourself ... interesting . 
  ( spain was forced to sell many of it 's islands in the pacific to germany by usa after the spanish-american war , not so many years later usa was fighting against to japan to retake them ) . 
  and the british have contests in chagos , bases in cyprus , gibraltar , north ireland , the falkland islands , antartica ( several countries , yep you still claim that one ) and rockall . 
  i see a pattern here ... 
  sorry , they do n't use the metric system . 
  seriously malta ? 
  the last one are indeed almost desert , but older ones are not , others are in the middle ; for example you have sese\u00f1a which is desert , aranjuez not so far away worked well enough ( with it 's own casino and hospital ) and many close to madrid worked quite well . 
  it 's hard to answer your second question , many years ago it would be hard to find a builder ( constructora ) with houses to sell one the houses were finished , but you could find a flat on them easily as some people would just speculate with them . 
  after 2007/2008 builders would start to have many houses after finishing them , however builders usually worked on credit so all the houses would be embargoed and the bank will be the one losing money . 
  ( and spanish bank crisis started then ), 
  a nice one is related with spanish surnames : as you may know we have two surnames , our first one is our dad 's first surname ( as is usual in the rest of europe ) but our second surname is the first of our mother ( take into account that women do n't change names when married ) .
