  the last time napoleon was around . 
  there was also that time when we started to fight between us in a civil war . 
  one of the sides decided to give weapons to the civilians ; they probably kept some cities because of that however in some `` loyal '' zones those civilians did n't follow the orders very well . 
  it 's still debated if it was a good decision or not . 
  be careful , vocabulary is not the whole language . 
   is it really too much to expect from politicians wanting to represent their electorate in a united europe to know english well enough to hold a political conversation in it ? 
  unfortunately , it is . 
  edit : it is n't resentment , all spanish presidents since spain is a democracy could n't speak in english . 
  edit 2 : english might be the easiest language to learn for you , as german and english are both relatively close . 
  i bet i can learn italian faster than 99 % of the germans . 
  oh , i understood it as a reference to baptism . 
  the only reasons i go to church are funerals , marriages and baptisms . 
  or someone got married . 
  no gays of course, 
  we also have `` tierra natal '' and `` tasa de natalidad '' ... 
  technically we can also say natividad , but it 's not common . 
  it always seems rare to me call our `` first '' surname last name ... he is also perera if i remember correctly . 
  it is said in the article : the president is pro-eu but the population decided against joining twice . 
  valencia and maybe sevilla, 
  he means that they still will be paying the debt that the bailout means , not that they are going to be receiving money in that moment . 
  well , you have the roman empire ( edit : and republic ) , and a few nobles during the renaissance ... 
  we do that too ... only in some places ( specially segovia ), 
  those are actually quite nice !, 
  so do we ... quite common actually . 
  better than the current situation at least , 
  the solution is easy : forbid not only buying guns but having them , and force people to destroy them . 
  edit : yeah , i know it 's not going to happen . 
  you have already been answered . 
  yep , that one, 
  well , in spain we had a guy that tried to buy weapons in order to go to the university and start shooting , he could n't buy them so he ended up ordering a lot of chemicals , as this chemicals are also under control he got caught . 
  france still have the right to say no to the new deal the uk wants ... obviously france ca n't stop uk from leaving the european union . 
  no , in the case of neighbour countries an agreement has to be made , if you travel 12 miles to the south from gibraltar you almo.st get to morocco . 
  ( to ceuta actually ), 
  well , spain made a reservation in relation to gibraltar :  1 . 
  the spanish government , upon signing this convention , declares that this act can not be interpreted as recognition of any rights or situations relating to the maritime spaces of gibraltar which are not included in article 10 of the treaty of utrecht of 13 july 1713 between the spanish and british crowns . 
  the spanish government also considers that resolution iii of the third united nations conference on the law of the sea is not applicable in the case of the colony of gibraltar , which is undergoing a decolonization process in which only the relevant resolutions adopted by the united nations general assembly apply . 
  like jenkins ' ear ? 
  we move our heads to the right first , they do it to the left . 
  it 's even worse than what you described ... as you may end up kissing someone in the mouth without intention ... or maybe it 's not that bad ... 
  what 's wrong with the % symbol ? 
  and remember , you start the kissing on the other side than us !, 
  well , that 's not necessarily true : in a new country there will be new institutions ( different to those of the previous country ) , so not really and even then : another bigger questions arises : how much should scotland pay/receive to/from the eu ? 
  it 's not a simple question right now ... 
  spain is not very far away : the coast is crowded , plus madrid and a couple ( smaller ) cities in the middle . 
  yeah i know , it would screw many economies that do n't deserve that , also being the eu so big other countries ( china , usa ) may start doing the same so at the end we are at the same position but worse . 
  what amazes me is that while different countries have different problems , the same measures are being taken everywhere , that 's not going to work for some countries . 
  inflation : printing more money is the common solution for debt issues . 
  another option could have been the eurobonds , but for that the eu need to become one single country ( at least fiscally ) and that 's something really complicated right now . 
  that would make it 43/45 right ? 
  for italians they just do n't spoke properly, 
  [ check your numbers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_ii_casualties ) , specially those about greece . 
  and check the references is the bottom if you wish . 
  they are exported to all europe ( right now i 'm eating an orange from spain in the netherlands ) . 
  [ spain exports more to france , germany , italy and portugal ] ( http://www.abc.es/20120818/economia/abci-exportaciones-espana-201208081024.html ) the text is in spanish , you can check the data at the bottom ( reino unido -  united kingdom , ee.uu . 
  -  usa , alemania -  germany , the others should be obvious ) . 
  actually even before : they were merged with `` movimiento nacional '' and had no clear leadership so they started to disintegrate as a group during franco 's life . 
  one comment about madrid : madrid is relatively young for an european capital ( it became the capital in 1561 ) . 
  thus it lacks many medieval monuments , such as an old cathedral . 
  however , two towns , segovia and toledo were capitals before and are worth visiting . 
  the visit takes one day ( each ) and are not far from madrid . 
  additionally , i would also recommend la granja , el escorial and aranjuez , where you will find a royal palace in each ( our kings really liked palaces ) . 
  movistar is just a brand . 
  telefonica is still the company . 
  avenida de america and islas filipinas come to my mind . 
  also , we have a few dedicated to foreigners , usually due to catholithism ( pio xii , a pope ) , people that did something for spain ( colon would be the main example ) or few politicians ( park eva duarte , olof palme street in leganes ) . 
  the area around the universidad autonoma also has many names coming from scientists/politicians ( einstein , erasmo , marx ... ), 
  it 's shape is terrible though : it ca n't be pulled off the wall quickly in case of electrocution ( important with long cables ) . 
  it 's asymmetrical which causes sometimes unnecessary twists of the wires . 
  if it was n't because that 's the angevin kingdom , which is basically a branch of the anjou house ... 
   france is a the crossroads between many countries but you can definitely see how the regions near the borders have been influenced by our neighbours . 
  it 's not like most of your borders used to be part of some other country ... ( roussillon , french basque country , alsace and lorraine , savoy , nice ), 
  the population was evacuated to the rest of finland . 
  not to be more pedantic than you , but both words are in the oxford dictionary : http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/catalonian?q=catalonian http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/catalan?q=catalan, 
  along with franco 's dictatorship . 
  https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/demograf%c3%ada_de_espa%c3%b1a#/media/file:espdens2.jpg see that triangle between madrid , valencia and zaragoza ? 
  teruel is right in the middle , in the middle of nowhere . 
  teruel is also the smallest of the provincial capitals of spain . 
  in humanities ( law , history and the like ) it typically is unpaid - and in many cases partial time , in order to work at the same time - . 
  in most sciences ( physics , biology , engineering , computer science ... ) it is generally paid . 
  should we complete the quote ? 
  i will do it for you :  but it is hard for us to express it in these terms out of respect for the tradition of coexistence in catalonia . 
  mas knows that from the very moment he fails to fulfill his obligation as head of the regional government and as first representative of the state in catalonia , he is violating his promise to uphold the law . 
  he places himself in a position above the law , no longer representing all catalans and losing democratic legitimacy in the carrying out of his duties . 
  he is not talking about catalans as nazis or fascists , in general . 
  he is just reminding catalans that breaking the law ( or `` the law '' as he writes ) , is not something that should be done by a head of government in a democratic government . 
  only if that person is registered , and the majority is not . 
  that is n't a good idea , for two reasons : - you could still go for `` tourism '' for three months and start looking for jobs in that time . 
  introducing visas systems for other europeans would likely make life harder for too many companies and people ( tourism would be hurt , but so would any company that makes business with the rest of europe ) . 
  - if reciprocity is introduced , a lot of people from the uk would have to return from countries like spain or france . 
  that depends on what you call a `` tunnel '' . 
  most subway systems ( not single lines ) are usually interconnected underground and could be considered as a single tunnel . 
  ( and in any case , the seikan is way longer , as odisseoeilciclope pointed out ) . 
  also , in every city there are very complex and long piping and sewer systems that exceed the length of most tunnels in the world . 
  does he specify which one of the multiple dynastic-branches claimant to the crown got it ? 
   the majority of people want no more refugees or less ... that 's phrased quite ambiguously as well , as `` no more refugees '' might mean no refugees * at all * . 
  and both statements are true :  the majority of people want the same amount of refugees or * less * . 
   the majority of people want the same amount of refugees or * more * . 
  statistics and language are quite interesting are n't they ? 
  although the story is set in edinburgh , it 's still in english ... 
  as a side note , it was changed for all the other nobles , just not the king as that requires a change in the constitution .
