  greece has put itself in this situation , what a delusional crybaby tsipras is . 
  god you are dumb . 
  there is no real republican movement . 
  is it at an all time low ? 
  havent noticed anything like that , hell even the most leftwing of tabloids , aftonbladet , only writes about gifts and dresses . 
  go cry somewhere else . 
  no , for some reason they love us . 
  switzerland  uk  usa . 
  meh , who cares . 
  i get that it does not feel fair but hey , look at it from the bright side , at least you are not germany . 
  what the hell is scandinavian studies ? 
  do n't go by the comments on this subreddit , it 's heavily skewed in the eu-positive direction , and since the uk does not universally love and embrace the eu you guys are their enemy . 
  in the real world it 's not like that . 
   we are still alive . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  lol , russians . 
  they should give james may 10 % of every sale , he 's the reason people even know dacia exists . 
  market rens are illegal which means that people who get to rent an apartment are , in effect , subsidized . 
  heavily . 
  this means that they never move and that no new rental apartments get built . 
  this means that there is a deadlock on the swedish rental market , where you have to wait for up to 20 years to get a decent apartment in stockholm . 
  this in turn means that a black market arose , where you can pay for a rental contract . 
  this of course is illegal , but it 's by far the quickest way to get an apartment . 
  if you have the money . 
  that or know a landlord . 
  nepotism loves regulations . 
  stockholm , sweden since the market is ruined by regulations , you turn to the black market . 
  well , you used to belong to us . 
  i guess it 's okay . 
  i think dannebrogen was first . 
  as it turns out , they dont !, 
  we 've tried . 
  i guess communist party dictators and syriza get along just fine . 
  immigration , education and ( lack of ) defense . 
  haha , how meaningless . 
  no , but it 's tax domicile . 
  you can definitely move a company . 
  newspeak is fantastic . 
   and companies what ? 
  and even less if we only spoke english !, 
  greek and leftist ? 
  of course there is nepotism . 
  not to be that guy , but why do you care ? 
  no , but they tried . 
  only when they can get free money from him , right ? 
  they seem to love dealing with him though, 
  the germans are just too good for the rest of europe to keep up !, 
  yeah , just like that . 
  switzerland  eu . 
  table 7b, 
  yeah , its used as storage for 18-25 year olds who cant get a job . 
  hope they got shot , the lot of them . 
  useless , spoiled kids who go around destroying other peoples stuff just for the fuck of it . 
  haha , is it possible that this femen group in reality just is a bunch of exhibitionists who get off on showing themselves naked in `` bad '' situations ? 
  it seems to be all they are doing . 
  has greece always been a failing economy ? 
  hey , the us and russia allows you to exist , you have no right to criticise them . 
  no , that was another one . 
  the submarine they made all the fuss about is still a submarine . 
  did he have a knife ? 
  hey , the black plague came from china . 
  clearly the chinese owe us europeans quite a lot for the hell they made us go through . 
  you have to keep backing up russia to milk them for money i [ guess ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33lyaa/president_putin_calls_1915_armenian_killings/ ) . 
  what ? 
  why would it ? 
  all the time , what an odd question . 
  greece destroyed greece . 
  way to shift the blame . 
  this is so stupid . 
  no since it 's happening naturally . 
  yeah , looks higher quality than the dorm i lived in when i went to lund university . 
  i dont know . 
  less safe . 
  in that case 6 % is a bailout . 
  what i mean is that it is still very convenient for me as a non euro user to shop/buy things abroad/travel . 
  what you are talking about is something entirely different , namely free movement of goods and people . 
  the fourth answer makes it even better . 
  i dont get that convenience when traveling argument , when i go abroad i just use an atm in whatever country i am in to withdraw cash in local currency or just use the card like i do at home . 
  its stupidly convenient . 
  greece is playing with fire . . 
  your loss i guess . 
  whats the market rate for greece ? 
  that the leftists are not doing very well and radene do not want people to know that . 
  how about now ? 
  atheism is the norm . 
  he probably feels that you are a burden on the rest of the eu . 
  i heard greece was short on cash . . 
  what a thoughtful and contributing comment , please continue , 
  you are aware that the royal family would have to be bought out to compensate for their right to apanage , which would be [ extremely ] ( http://www.svd.se/nyheter/inrikes/karl-xiv-johan-loste-in-hela-statsskulden_126960.svd ) expensive for the swedish state ? 
  oh look , an overly proud frenchman complaining about english being a more useful language . 
  and to be fair , the use of english is due to english being the language of the internet more than the amnericans exerting influence . 
  greece is too , they just had a temporary period of free money that hid it . 
  lol, 
  your loss , greece . 
   what , responsibility ? 
  what is that and why would we be interested in it ? 
  money should be free , just for us . 
  - greece, 
  switzerland , because things just seem to work there . 
  also direct democracy is nice .
