  as acronyms go , fixit is a really good one . 
  suits the situation . 
  will greece be able to implement the reforms too ? 
  words and intentions mean nothing in this situation . 
  incompetence or are they trying to lie ? 
  how convenient for him . 
  haha wow , you are just retarded . 
  they are all jews so its the same !!, 
  do n't you see ? 
  oh my god !!, 
  bugger off , you delusional , overly zealous yank . 
  in the real world , where most people live , your bullshit is just bullshit . 
   and the beauty is truth is a complete defence to libel / slander claims . 
  are you sure ? 
  in sweden it is not . 
  what ? 
  haha what ? 
  that would be undemocratic , the greeks voted to get more money , respect that . 
  then what did you vote for ? 
  that 's not what i said , but way to dodge my question , good on you . 
   no , i told you to google because this kind of debating is for elementary kids what you do , yes . 
  that is why i called you on your bullshit . 
  you are a lying coward . 
  that 's not you showing exactly where and how the eu ministers did just that . 
  that is you throwing out a fishing line , hoping that i find something semi close to what you said and accept that as a fact . 
  again , please show exactly where and how the eu ministers did just that . 
  in other words he is a leftist that said nothing of substance and got applauds from the other leftists sitting around him ? 
   oh right , the eu ministers denied it . 
  please show exactly where and how the eu ministers did just that . 
  no , because of your inability to figure out what to do . 
  let 's hope , for the greek people , that you are right . 
  semantics , you know what i mean . 
  greece is about to revert to a non functioning , systematically corrupt and poor society that no one trusts . 
  not that it is much different right now , though . 
  it 's on its way to completely revert to a third world country . 
  other foreign leaders have not put their country on the brink of total depression without showing any kind of plan on how it should be solved . 
  what ? 
  that makes no sense , in what way would it help to compare it to any kind of situation ? 
   what i meant is its very unusual for a leader to sit there and take this kind of ` discussion ' any other place and it 'd be absolutely intolerable . 
  it is a very unusual situation that tsipras has put himself in , he 'll have to put up with unusual discussions to solve it . 
   i am sure that it would be impossible for a normal leader to sit in a room such as this . 
  what do you mean ` ? 
  maybe being polite just does not work with tsipras . 
  same in swedish , i guess we 're also heartless , money hungry monsters out to get the poor , brave greeks . 
  `` working '' and `` being at work '' are not necessarily the same thing . 
  eu will of course not fail or crash just because they let in one country that could not handle it . 
  if anything , the eu will be a better working organisation when greece leaves . 
  what 's so democratic about demanding other democratically elected states to betray their voters ? 
  this , the negotiating team is still there , led by tsipras , who is ultimately responsible as pm . 
  they just changed its face somewhat . 
  are you varoufakising ? 
  because in that case it could also be the start of world war 3 , it could actually be almost anything . 
  the key word here is `` could '' . 
  watch out albania !, 
  you better have some referendums prepared to get out of this death trap !, 
  and even the hardcore , eu loving federalists are mostly annoyed with greece , just think of the normal population . 
  people are pissed . 
  and then he is forced to resign ? 
  even tsipras figured out this guy is nuts . 
   the greek people took an informed decision today . 
  oh , so you finally figured out what the referendum was about ? 
  fantastic news , because to the rest of us it looked like you were all voting on a deal that does not exist anymore . 
  good , then they ca n't blame the older generations when it all goes to shit . 
  someone really took offense . 
  what ? 
  greeces leadership has failed in the greece crisis . 
  im guessing some `` donations '' were scams , and they were found out and removed . 
   now give me your idea of surviving . 
  do something else . 
  was n't that syrizas greek debt truth committee ? 
  what 's my shitty attitude towards the greeks ? 
  so you are fine with knowing that you wo n't earn any money from what you study , but you complain that being unskilled in other fields brings in too little ? 
  it 's valid criticism from anyone , but can apparently also be considered an insult by some . 
   i 'm pretty sure he would ask the same question to a swede . 
  i would , and i am pretty sure i actually have done it here on / r/sweden if anyone bothers to go through my comment history , i cba . 
   i 'm all for choosing what you love instead of what pays , but complaining about your economical situation after is a bit like wanting to have the cake and eat it too that 's exactly what it is . 
  i do n't know whether / u/vape _ c is lazy or not , and frankly i do n't care , as of next week it is not my problem . 
  but , he has no right to complain about his low salary when choosing to study a field where there is pretty much no demand , no one wants to pay for that . 
  i do n't see why you got so riled up , i guess i struck a chord . 
  fair enough , but do n't complain about your low salary , you chose it . 
  so why go through with it ? 
  what are you planning to do with your art history masters degree ? 
   we 've failed !, 
  the euro and eu are both about to throw out a member after desperately and very expensively trying to save it for 5 years . 
  clearly we need more euro and eu !, 
  i think this is a case of `` seeing what you want to see '' . 
   b ) we can deal with islamism only by staying together as a global community , since kt is a global problem . 
  what does that technically mean ? 
  they all look young and fit , why are they recieving pensions ? 
  isnt this just a way for tsipras to shift the blame from himself to the people ? 
  the swiss seem to do fine . 
  amiright ? 
   yes , that 's exactly what i 'm doing ... i 'm dodging the question . 
  yes . 
   your perception is very intriguing . 
  your lack of perception is worrying . 
  prepare for the downvotes !, 
  ( not by me ), 
  and you keep dodging it . 
  haha come on , it 's not like you were tricked in to joining the eu/eurozone .
