stockholmare - swedish - scandinavian . 
  i want nothing to do with the shitty south - / eastern parts of europe , so there is no reason to identify as european . 
  xdd stop it . 
  $ 300 million is nothing , come on . 
  $ 300 million is nothing , come on . 
  to be fair , they managed to stay neutral even when the two bloodiest conflicts of all time raged right around them . 
  why would they change that for this , in the grand scheme of things , petty conflict hundreds of kilometers away ? 
  eu-migrants = gypsies or is that just a swedish renaming ? 
  switzerland , everything just seems to work properly down there . 
  wait , are we routsi ? 
  thought we were close enough to be sverig-something, 
  probably not :(, 
  give * we ca n't afford buying it . 
  no , it 's because people think you are a cunt . 
  300 irishmen stands with palestine *, 
  he 's very childish and should not be trusted with moderation rights , hopefully the r/europe-mods will see that . 
  hahaha , wow , judging by this thread it looks like cyridius has finally snapped !, 
  precisely . 
  because if he wanted to do that he would have attacked the us already . 
  no , what he wants is to gain land and get away with it . 
  he does not want a third world war . 
  do n't forget estonia , pomerania and bremen !, 
   but non-eu 's ch and no should disgusting . 
  swedish media and swedes are two quite different things . 
  no , well maybe in shitty eastern parts of europe , but in the important countries , no . 
  making having money cost money !, 
  genius way to make people spend , forcing them !, 
  that too . 
  its a shit-law but everyone is allowed to use it , ofcourse . 
  thats the way the law ( in proper countries ) work . 
  `` everyone should spend their money the way i want because i 've decided i know better '' that 's selfish you ignorant prick . 
   it 's easy spending other peoples money , huh ? 
   yes . 
  you are the selfish one , what gives you the right to tell others what to do with their money ? 
  it 's easy spending other peoples money , huh ? 
   you just do n't realize exactly how fucking stupid you are . 
  right back at you . 
  you twitter-revolutionaries are just pathetic . 
  i 'm not sure what that 's supposed to mean , do you for some reason not like the sami people ? 
  so , you have excellent , hard working , misunderstood , highly competent , workers with generally high work ethics who just happend to find themselves in a bad place due to bad luck ? 
  the lazy `` siesta culture '' , corruption , tax dodging and lack of social capital is just a german lie ? 
  working hard in this case means sitting around doing nothing at work for way too many hours . 
  yeah , that must be why their economy is booming while yours is in the shits . 
  come on man . 
  or the holy swedish empire , that would do . 
  lots of shit parts included in the eu aswell . 
   ethnomusicologist that has to be the most useless title i 've ever seen . 
  surely this can not be a real thing . 
  dont be such a cry baby . 
  its easy to advocate spending others money huh ? 
  another one bites the dust i guess . . 
  why would you ? 
  im guessing about 40 % of eu citizens live in eastern/southern europe . 
  europe is a continent , eu is a governmental entity . 
  how can the separation of these two be a semantic issue ? 
  they are two completely different things . 
   we can send them the beggars . 
  odds are that is why they have restrictions for romanians . 
  looks expensive , how much eu-money are they planning to spend on buying votes like this ? 
  ex soviet = eastern europe . 
  to quote you , ah sweet ignorance , must be great . 
  no , he is a eu-fanatic . 
  both then . 
  why would you be the only one ? 
  thats reality though , you can not just pretend it 's not . 
  the world does not work that way because , well , reality . 
  it 's what you meant , and even if you did not mean that what you said would still be way too simplified . 
  but since u s0 suprsm4rtz , here have a wikipedia link !, 
  yeah , seems to work for greece with their 43 % abstention rate . 
  i think most people actually vote for their national interests to have influence in the ep , not for what would be best for the eu as a whole . 
  there is no european identity , there is however national identity . 
  `` smart people think like me !, 
  dumb people do not ! '', 
  come on , you ca n't be serious . 
  russians fight back , that would be too scary . 
  if you browse through his comment history he seems to actually be pro eu . 
  or atleast anti-ukip . 
  wait , greece has compulsory voting but still only managed to get like 60 % to vote ? 
  people really must not care about the eu-elections . 
  the world for worldians !, 
  how big is the turnout for the real elections in romania ? 
  communist and far left , what 's the difference ? 
  honest question . 
  `` marxist.com '' what a shit source . 
  thats prague, 
  this was one of the worst titles ive ever seen , fuck you op . 
  lucafilippi97 is probably just a kid , you ca n't expect more of him/her . 
  i could see myself living in the holy european empire, 
  what , is this a thing ? 
  that would be cool !, 
  no , i just try not to blame my shortcomings on others , but i guess it 's a handy tool to use when you are generally bad at stuff . 
  what , all of them ? 
  how convenient for the pro-eu lobbyists . 
  i 'm sure euobserver.com is completely unbiased . 
  somewhat , why ? 
  i guess switzerland will see a lot more mutual funds/investment companies stationed there . 
  my guess is , if they are eating out of bins and ca n't find any work , they are probably not that bright . 
  oh , the ukrainian government who are pretty much fighting a war says so . 
  they have absolutely no reason to lie . 
  yes , i believe this .
