  talk is cheap , and useless unless backed up by action . 
  they are stepping up , by not doing whatever silly things germany tells them to do . 
  they did more than you fucks did , by not creating the situation in the first place . 
  you have fucked up , now fix it . 
  dont come crying for everyone else to handle your shit . 
  disillusioned americans seem to think our social welfare system is fantastic , but in reality it is kind of shit . 
  so you have no source . 
  all the immigrants they decided to take in , apparently . 
  no , with a fresh towel . 
  sources , please . 
  eu citizens are also allowed to become finnish citizens , it just takes a while . 
  no problem . 
  ca n't think of a single front door that i 've had that opens inwards . 
  $ 6-10 if you go to a lunch restaurant . 
  talk is cheap . 
  good thing it was found in norway then . 
  what the hell ? 
  we up north do n't hate you !, 
  it 's mostly jealous southerners and shitty frenchies . 
  lol, 
  is a lack of income really a cost ? 
  thought they only had tourists . 
   swedish right-wing and therefore almost every single news outlet lol or are you one of those nutjobs who claim social democrats arent left wing ? 
  why would n't you just link an article in english ? 
  there are loads of them , and they are much closer to the source than lemonde . 
   finally , while immigration can certainly make the problem more urgent to deal with , it is not the fundamental cause of it . 
  the fundamental problem is the dysfunctional housing market . 
  immigration makes it more obvious , but it 's not the cause of our ww2-era rent controls . 
  where did i claim that immigration was at fault ? 
   so wait , one local group states on a facebook page where refugee housing is going up locally and everyone shits the bed saying sd are handing out maps and hit lists of all refugee accommodation . 
  yup . 
  yeah , but we would n't want to have any of that scary income based segregation in our socialist paradise , would we ? 
  unless you buy an apartment , or buy a rental contract illegally . 
  regulations are funny like that . 
  the nazis are making a return ? 
  disgusting , germany . 
  take some responsibility . 
  you are a cunt and your mom is a whore , thats why you are so retarded . 
  there you go , criticism , i assume you will find this comment more useful than no comment . 
  yeah , so we can assume the real age is higher than what 's reported . 
  someone is jealous !, 
  is this claimed age or actual age ? 
  you ca n't afford higher pensions , i do n't see the problem . 
  just take some fucking responsibility for once . 
  you lot keep fucking it up for the rest of us and then you hide your head in the sand . 
   how does that sound to you ? 
  it sounds illegal meaning you would get fined into oblivion for it , making it a bad decision for yourselves . 
  but hey , you are free to dig your own grave , it 's not my problem . 
   well if the other countries keep imposing policies that hamper our ability to compete and promote their own it is hardly democratic is it ? 
  sounds to me like the majority rules over the minority , perfectly democratic , is it not ? 
  why should the will of one country take a higher priority than the will of 27 ? 
  it 's not a dictatorship , it 's democracy . 
  it 's not the developed worlds fault that you cant compete . 
  in the grand scheme of things , you are not important enough to get special treatment . 
   dictatorship of the imf and germany . 
  haha wow . 
  yeah fuck you, 
  you know what he meant , dont be an arse . 
  liar liar !, 
   well sure . 
  `` goodwill '' is a balance sheet item that is apportioned a money value . 
  sure , but it has nothing to do with this . 
  [ goodwill ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/goodwill.asp ) is simply a way to handle the difference between the price of a company being purchased and the value of their balance sheet . 
  never heard of . 
  calculated risk . 
  you have none which is why you lot so desperately try to leech on ours . 
  im gon na go ahead and guess that crime rates are relative , not absolute . 
  a bunch of randoms we up north for some reason have to pay for . 
  lol , you overly socialistic yanks are so funny . 
  by not going to them , problem solved . 
  nope , they can be avoided . 
   if everyone acts coldly to a muslim woman wearing the hijab , how likely is it she will ever develop friendships with the natives of the country ? 
  sounds like the hijab-wearers ' problem . 
  not the natives . 
  or unlucky , depending on who you ask . 
  nope . 
  biases creep in everywhere . 
  oh look , a liar looking for a group of liars to lie systematically . 
  please source your claim . 
  you are free to downvote the things you dont find fit for r/europe . 
  if enough people think like you , we wont have that many refugee-posts . 
  no , we would have other relatively less important things on the frontpage , stop acting dumb . 
  yeah , we are not delusional about our influence on world politics . 
  what a coward , but i guess beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  no , but you are . 
  yay , northern europe wins again !, 
  the lenders are no more winners than they usually are . 
  lending means winning , but to a limited extent . 
  being a lender has a much higher upside , but not if you fuck up . 
  this is not news . 
  lol , a french discussing eu-politics ? 
  what does he think he is , relevant ? 
  yes , from jealousy . 
  it 's classical left wing kill-the-rich-rethoric , just that they have changed focus slightly , now all white men are fair game . 
  liar liar !, 
  with you eing a yank , i do n't doubt that . 
  no , the civilized and highly developed western world . 
  `` you ca n't park here so we are going to force you to stay parked here ! '', 
  we are ? 
   their personal beliefs are nearly irrelevant if they desire to mod neutrally .
