  i 'm guessing spain has a money transfering scheme where richer regions support poorer regions which you are also already a part of and , with that logic , you should stay in . 
  but im guessing you are not for that . 
  spain is an eu-member , catalonia is not , how is this difficult to understand ? 
   they are fighting for a secular , equal iran . 
  you sure they are not fighting for a communist iran ? 
  lol, 
  do you have a spare room or place for a spare bed ? 
  if so , i guess you are also purposefully hurting others and thus , have no rights . 
  yeah , whatever the state thinks is fair . 
  so in other words , they are just given whatever the state thinks is fair . 
  do the owners get to set the rate or are they just given whatever the state considers fair ? 
  stop flying ryanair then , no problem . 
  quite well , from what i understand . 
  you are retarded . 
  hey , dogs are nicer than most people . 
  lol , look at this ruski over here . 
  lol , yank, 
  30 minutes walk to a supermarket and 45 minute drive to a hospital is life for many swedes , how fucking spoiled can he be . 
  fucking up the country sounds more like a greek thing than a king thing . 
  the best part about having a monarchy is that it , for some reason , seems to upset all the moronic leftwingers . 
  lol, 
  how fucking racist of them . 
  get your act together , merkel . 
  take it as a compliment , really . 
  it menas you are not considered too weak to be critisised . 
  `` how to manipulate the public into thinking what you want '', 
  and probably in western europe aswell . 
  link please !, 
  or maybe , just maybe , there is now a threat that people want to be protected against . 
  its almost scary how quickly germany folded . 
  nazi germany has returned ? 
  i mean , hungary got critizised pretty heavily for wanting to do the same thing . . 
  lol wrong again !, 
  so why would he sticky this meaningless shit ? 
  it 's not my fault that dclauzel suffers from an inferiority complex . 
  must be hard being french , being irrelevant compared to the germans and having lost the language fight to the english . 
  yeah , so is a frenchman with a danish passport . 
  or do you mean that that is the only definition of being a dane ? 
  being a citizen of denmark ? 
  sounds like a great solution actually , or are the protestors too cheap to actually do something ? 
  neither should you . 
  you are simply dumb . 
  you mean selling . 
  because dclauzel wants to promote his shitty french origin as the true nationalist he is . 
  he is a disgusting socialist , that 's why . 
  what ? 
  no , where did say that ? 
  it is not . 
  really ? 
  all of them ? 
  ur so cool . 
  i bet against . 
  fuck off germany , handle your shit . 
  no and no . 
  polls systematically underestimate the support for sd for various reasons . 
  i do not think your explanation is valid . 
  because they are brown . 
  they are even fleeing from the hellish war raging in denmark . 
  what do you think will happen ? 
  will you try to fuck it up for everyone again ? 
  the one he has to see because the obsession with racism is the only thing that makes him able to get up in the morning . 
  then he should not adress the union in times of crisis . 
  no , but spoiled portugese can go . 
  but not the only important language . 
  dont think we have them . 
  yeah fuck off germany . 
  quick , someone call that propaganda-pushing frog eater , isnt this his job on this subreddit ? 
  why cant it be because they dont want to ? 
  it is because he is a simpleton and that is the only thing he 's got . 
  what ? 
  the germans on this sub have really turned into complete retards . 
  it does , but there is no alternative voice in the traditional media . 
  everyone think the same , its completely disconnected from the people . 
  someone sounds jealous ... 
  most people in civilized countries dont vote for complete nut jobs . 
  except for you guys , who fucking voted in hitler . 
  way to go . 
  hey look !, 
  a retard !, 
  even the pope ? 
  of course it wont , but refugees will not be the cause of the next bombing . 
   people do not agree with me wtf !!???!, 
  yeah , you could argue it 's all germanys fault . 
  hey / u/rustykunts take some responsibility !, 
  yeah , and electing bush lead to destabilizing iraq . 
  and electing bush sr lead to electing bush . 
  and electing reagan lead to electing bush sr. . and the cold war lead to electing reagan . 
  and the end of ww2 lead to the start of the cold war . 
  and ww2 was started due to you fucks deciding to shit everything up , for a second time . 
  you see , the chain of responsibility can be taken almost anywhere . 
  it does not work that way , grow up . 
  hey , it was you who invited them . 
  now take some responsibility for that . 
  and here we go again . 
  panicing . 
  yeah , also we will need tons of translators !, 
  europe suffering because of german hubris , again . 
  yeah , right . 
  lol , been there done that, 
  i highly doubt the un declaration of human rights say that / u/artsyattack gets to dictate who is a legitimate refugee .
