  you even fucking [ cooked the books ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2011-05-26/greece-cheated-to-join-euro-sanctions-since-were-too-soft-issing-says ) to get in . 
   we got increased living costs and a disproportionate increase in our income . 
  we certainly earned more , but we had to spend much more . 
  possibly , i dont know . 
   we got treaties that most greeks still do n't know of , that established certain obligations concerning imports-exports , production , industry etc. 
  it 's not up to the other member countries to ensure your citizens know what it means to be in the eu . 
   we got familiar with loans and owing money to banks , because we wanted to live `` the good life '' as europeans . 
  well , bankers wanted us to , really . 
  noone forced you to take on any loans , you cant blame anyone but yourself . 
  and hey , it works for other parts of europe , the problem must be on your side . 
   we never got an explanation of what it would mean to be a part of the eu or the eurozone . 
  not the eus responsibility to make sure you get what you are getting yourselves in to , it is reasonable to expect a nation that wants to consider themselves a developed nation to act like one . 
   we never got an explanation of where the money comes from . 
  most greeks , including me , did n't even know that we were borrowing money from other countries to cover our expenses , so we certainly did n't `` ask for '' that money . 
  what does this even mean ? 
   we did n't get richer , except for most politicians and whoever they favoured . 
  thats the fault of your political system and systematic corruption , and its up to your citizens to make it work . 
   we were never told the money that was kept from our salaries for welfare would be gambled , so that some people could make a fortune . 
  what ? 
  who gambled it ? 
  and please , do n't say `` the financial sector '' , actually explain who gambled what and in what way . 
   and we were definitely not told that we did n't really have a future . 
  you did have one , but you fucked it up . 
   italy will be the next to fall ( because the impact of a greek default would wash away all the efforts italy have made ) . 
  feel free to actually explain why this is the case . 
  way to completely dodge the question . 
  what a useless comment . 
   i just love how with your first comment you call tsipras an arrogant prick , but not 10 minutes later , you appear to be exactly that . 
  they are not mutually exclusive , and i dont have the responsibility of solving a potentially country ruining crisis through diplomacy , what 's your point ? 
   you realise he has hundreds of billions in european debt to play with , right ? 
  they are gon na default anyway , that 's not a bargaining chip anymore . 
   default , exit the euro , crash europe 's economy . 
  lol , greece is insignificant . 
   the arrogance here is that the troika has repeatedly rejected perfectly good and workable deals that meet all their demands . 
  the troika has the right to be arrogant , serious negotiations with a political party that got elected pretty much solely by promising to get more money from other european countries is impossible . 
  what 's he gon na do ? 
  default even more ? 
  he 's got nothing to bargain with , what an arrogant prick . 
  and in return , they do n't have to face the consequences . 
  amazing how that works . 
  the lazy southerner has a point though . 
  hah , nope . 
  because of regulations , a fuckload of them . 
  im guessing more like nomads , travelers without any actual home . 
  oh , you must have missed that in das reich only merkel has a vote . 
  guess you will have to change your language when das reich forms then . 
  thats a fancy enough title , i 'll take it . 
  why not just das reich ? 
  to be fair , the word for male masturbation really only means `` to shake '' . 
  it was not made up to specifically mean masturbate , it happened naturally . 
   dont wonder when you get stabbed in the process disgusting . 
  im guessing sarcasm . 
  no varoufakis , the choice is actually yours . 
  or just some people who do not like the eu and also happen to have money , but ok . 
   ( actually it 's the only country in the world afaik that `` survives '' on its own ) . 
  what ? 
  neither life nor the eu is fair . 
  get over it . 
   well firstly i 'm not saying they should be given free money , i 'm saying that when you want to get repaid for say 50 billions and the other has already been bled dry and has increasing secondary problems it becomes a tad difficult to get your money in the next year or two . 
  i get that , but the creditors , the people whom greece actually owes money to does not seem to think thats a viable option , and their say goes . 
   speaking of cooperation , three to two years ago , it was the european media who claimed over the roofs that greece was almost in a civil war , a blatant lie made to sell paper , which made tourism sink down horrendously , lowering the income for the state which would have served to repay some more debt . 
  jolly cooperation ey ? 
  firstly , what a load of bullshit . 
  secondly , the cooperation is between the states , in the free world people/companies are allowed to have different opinions than the state and are allowed to act on them , in accordance with the law of course . 
  stop making excuses , greece has no proper industry , it has no economic backbone . 
  you ca n't build a modern , developed nation on tourism and olive oil . 
   besides , i think the greek people have already done quite a lot so far and as per the imf itself , they had assessed the situation wrongly . 
  possibly , but greece has obviously not done enough , and that 's what 's important . 
   the blame falls on greece but too many people act as if everybody was on vacation and as if it was the paradise , nobody pays taxes etc etc. 
  fun fact , greece is one of the countries with the highest taxation in europe , even before the crisis . 
  if that 's true greece apparently spend way too much , therefore making the eu/imf-proposed cuts the only viable option . 
  okay , so what ? 
  greece has put itself in this situation , why should they just be magically gifted money ? 
  the eu is built upon trust and cooperation , and greece is not living up to that . 
  of fucking course there is racial prejudice in other parts of the world too , come on . 
  greece is playing with fire . 
  why are you getting downvoted ? 
  we should donate industries if we wanted to help greece , that 's the real problem . 
  they have nothing to sustain the high standard of living they 've gotten used to under with the eu/ez-project . 
  luckily for the industries the world is not that totalitarian . 
  there has been a bank run going on in greece for the past 5 years and the fact that banks wont open in a country where the financial sector has pretty much collapsed ca n't be that surprising . 
   the study was also criticised as a possible infringement of french laws that forbid any form of racial classification . 
  the keeping of any form of ethnic statistics is illegal in france on the grounds that , under the constitution of the republic , french people are `` indivisible '' . 
  hahaha , does not sound that indivisible to me if this is enough to get people going . 
  repaying money that you borrowed is like being in a concentrationcamp ? 
  what a fucking mockery of the actual concentration camp conditions . 
  because they 've gotten used to having money . 
  i 'm not so sure , the swedish leftists for instance want us to leave the eu all together , so why would they mind other states leaving the eu/ez ? 
  oh , that was the joke , i thought he meant it as a tacky thing that rich somalis normally do , to wear it on their belts instead of around their wrist . 
  yes , really . 
   i have friends that work high up in migrationsverket . 
  lying is easy on the internet . 
  what does that have to do with somalis wearing rolexes around their waists ? 
  so . . greece good give free moneys ? 
  maybe even fascist ? 
  i thought we already did that in the 1500s : /, 
  fucking finally , it 's time this farce ends and that greece gets to face to what it really is , a luxury struck , corrupt third world country without any real industry that can support its preferred standard of living . 
  so what 's he effectively saying is that russia no longer considers sweden an independent nation and that it in fact is a russian vassal ? 
  greek logic !, 
  i guess he needs those free euromonies now !,
