  bullshit , biases are everywhere . 
  ive always said its the greeks who are fucking themselves . 
  oh look , european solidarity . 
  no , state-sanctioned . 
  lol eu-proud bulgarian, 
  lol, 
  what ? 
  for now . 
  many of them do , just not in your ignorant social circle . 
  its the new normal . 
  you did well to get out . 
  ehm , well . . 
  they do it here in sweden as well . 
  have you finally grown up ? 
  its because the vast majority of the world is absolute shit and makes no sense comparing to the western civilization . 
   here we go again . 
  i will not respond since it will escalate the topic which is just the demagogues had hoped for . 
  coward , you have no arguments . 
  what ? 
  no , they are your problem to solve . 
  dumping them to leech on societies that actually works only makes you into leeches as well . 
  god i hope for a two speed eu where the functioning countries can limit the influence from the shit countries , like yours . 
  no , you said shite people , and you represent the shitest of people 's . 
  way to go , leeches . 
  completely irrelevant of course , but i guess you just had nothing to cleanse . 
  eastern europeans tend to get so riled up over the eu . 
  is it because that 's the only thing you have that kind of works ? 
  yeah , look at romania . 
  why are you irish taking brexit so badly , no one seem as upset as you lot . 
  separation anxiety ? 
   he loves europe what does that even mean ? 
  does anyone actually care what hollande says ? 
  merkel calls the shots , not hollande . 
  stop taking shit , kiddo . 
  you know absolutely nothing . 
   well one of the is the leave parties spewing lies and tricking their voters to vote for them . 
  that 's not really an objective truth now is it . 
  no one is 100 % on-board . 
  not even the eastern and southern european leecher states . 
  sources please . 
   now we have 27 members who actually does we have ? 
  you are such a sore loser . 
  eu-nationalists are the worst . 
  the world ** might ** also end tomorrow . 
  scare tactics . 
   there were several things about this referendum that were ... not optimal please list them . 
  so butthurt it is unreal . 
  get a grip , cunt . 
  no , there would n't . 
  yes , the eu wants britain in the union . 
  you are so butt hurt , it 's like it 's personal for you . 
  of course you are , you are from the balkans . 
  lol, 
  there is a large disparity between the opinions of swedish media and those of the swedish people . 
  god , american kids . 
  more equality in europe = worse living standards for northern europe . 
  someone kill erdogan already , where is the cia when you need it . 
  and the worst populist of them all is the pope . 
  you mean created in sweden , right ? 
  haha , what ? 
  the brits have already left and there is plenty of eu-resentment in for instance france . 
  its driven by this ridiculous eu-nationalism that eu-philes are trying to build up . 
  nothing will stop . 
  get used to it . 
  also they are not at all standing for their mistakes , they literally tried to lie their way out of it and are now being forced out by the opposition . 
  we will know in an hour . 
  the pm cowared out and decided he wanted more time weighing his options . 
  you must be a genius . 
  swedish media claims that 's why we have kebab now , and kebab is nice . 
  i guess you are up next then . 
   it 's amazing how diverse ~ ~ european summer ~ ~ swedish spring can be . 
  this was taken today ( 28.05.17 ) in kiruna , sweden . 
  it 's 25 degrees and sun in uppsala today . 
  really , you are a bunch of hacks . 
   and yet you 're the one leaving butthurt comments here mate . 
  no , i 'm just mocking you . 
   are these greek statistics and i was n't informed ? 
  haha , [ yes . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6d5d3k/average_annual_hours_actually_worked_per_worker/di0413x/ ) just like you lot faked your way into the euro . 
  it really shows you used to belong to the ottomans . 
  good going , mate . 
  the greek butthurtism from people reacting to your faked statistics are just funny . 
  lol, 
  you must be completely useless then given how shit greece is . 
  we are fucked . 
  of course it is what you think it is . 
  yeah , fuck them . 
  lol , a democrat hiding in the europe-sub . 
  the western world outgrew that shit . 
  it 's old . 
  way to toot your commie buddies horn . 
  the whole thread is basically you saying something stupid , then having your friend go `` yeaaah buddy way to go communism rules '' and then you go `` haha yeah '' useless . 
  oh look , a typical communist response . 
  it 's like none of you lot managed to get through the early stages of puberty . 
  as do all people with the ability to think even remotely critically . 
  hardly, 
  a worker is only worth minimum wage if he can be replaced by someone willing to accept minimum wage for the same job . 
  you have no right to say what people deserve , or what they need for that matter . 
  maybe if you are a stupid southern european who still lives in a world where all production comes from outdated 1960 's - standard industry . 
  they are paid that much because someone who decides how much they think their time is worth think their time is worth that much .
