  meh , does n't look too bad . 
  my guess it is by having very flat terrain , by the sea , which means favorable conditions for wind power because of well , the wind !, 
  you know those dips/sauces are avaliable at ica ? 
  i bought some just yesterday !, 
  good thing most people are not like you . 
  because there is this thing called freedom of speech , you might have heard of it . 
  i guess they 'll have to use real bullets then . 
  he is scared the uk will exit , so just not letting people decide for themselves is better . 
  that is a great slogan , i 'd vote for him . 
  being better should not be punished . 
  oh come on , the `` native '' gypsies keep to themselves , do n't blame it on discrimination . 
  who the fuck cares ? 
  crete is in greece though , so give it a year and even you hungarians will be able to go there !, 
  swede checking in , i play squash about twice a week . 
  i 've going to the gym aswell but it 's too boring . 
  you are , though . 
  well , you are almost always worst at everything . 
  it 's not that strange . 
  or socialists !, 
  how come these are terrorists while the maidan were freedom fighters ? 
  wow , this does totally not seem like some kind of constructed propaganda-piece . 
  contrary to what you seem to want to believe , gazprom holds most of the cards here . 
  also , be less hippie and more pragmatic , it makes you not look like a naive teenager . 
  he seems to be quite representive of socialism . 
  they would probably be more welcome if they were brown and rich . 
  i guess having the riot-police beat up the other side is completely okey , mr.double-standards !, 
  no , noone want it so it wont happen . 
  romania seems to be the place for you , they probably need your taxes aswell . 
  edit : and yes , i 'm aware you are just a troll , but there are other real people who think like that who might get ideas . 
  we have enough confused foreign kiddos coming here to try and live out their socialistic fetishes . 
  besides , the eu-fanaticism you seem to be looking for does not really exist , except for maybe in some of the backwards eastern european countries who have little else than the eu to be proud of . 
  its not , stay away from us . 
  lol , grow up . 
  stoppning the root cause is considered racist here , so it wont happen . 
  yeah , and asians use the name hitler for their shops to sell stuff , who cares ? 
  as op wrote above , he selected more pictures of attractive people , interpret that as you will . 
  greenleft.org.au , yeah not at all political propaganda garbage coming out of that site . 
  wow , checked your comment history , you just have to be a troll . 
  how can someone be certain something may happen ? 
  omg germany is like switzerland sanctions now !, 
  finland sort of is sweden anyway , so it does not matter much, 
  oh great , lets make ourselves dependent on an even worse part of the world than russia . 
  looks like someone wants to leech even more from the productive countries !, 
  omfg usa third third world war omfg . 
  go ^ to ^ bed ^ sensationalist ^ fuckbag . 
  yes , this picture clearly shows the amount of cheering , and that ukraine got the most of all . 
  amazing what a picture can do nowadays . 
  wow , you are like a child, 
  the eu has nothing to gain from helping the ukraine , specially if the east is not a part of it . 
  im just stating the obvious , nothing is happening . 
  so again , against russia , does europe stand by ukraine ? 
   putin just needs to understand that europe ( and its allies ) stands by ukraine . 
  against russia , do they though ? 
  what , really ? 
  who the fuck cares ? 
  so , how biased are the updaters ? 
  hey eu , get your stinking paws of me you damn dirty ape, 
  probably because someone is willing to pay more than you for the same apartment . 
  from a microeconomical-utility-maximization point of view , the apartment is being wasted on you . 
  oh look , the south is bad again , how unusual . 
  wow , you truly are fucking stupid . 
  but your point is still that because the catalonian executive representatives have been removed , catalonia as an entity does simply not exist , right ? 
  so you mean that because spain killed off the aragon-king and occupied their territory , aragon/catalunia does simply not exist ? 
  in that case i guess the baltics are still soviet and norway/finland is swedish . 
  good , more autonomy for everyone . 
  you sure you 're in the right sub ? 
  the arrogance , it burns !, 
  ah , the `` less informed people '' aka `` everyone not agreeing with you '', 
  i 'm sorry , i do not follow , a majority of the swiss are for joining the eu , but they do not want to be in independent and therefore not be in the eu . 
  also , you think giving up your independence and becoming part of a large union gives more independence ? 
  also , the swiss people believes that it 's better to go solo . 
  this makes no sense to me , please explain . 
  so you want to be part of the eu , but not give up your independence ? 
  sounds to me like you do n't want to be in the eu then . 
  well , you probably know it better than me , but then why arent you in the eu yet ? 
  both , but originally i meant what you said . 
  its because we 're not in the euro-cult , therefore we have not fully embraced the `` eu-identity '' and are not true europeans . 
  but that second part does have some truth to it . 
  edit : also , europeans in general are not as in love with the idea of a northern socialistic paradise that naive , white , middle class americans on the internet are . 
  why ? 
  it 's not like people care about the eu-elections , they sort of just happen . 
  though , i have only voted in one , and that one was not very talked about in the media etc. 
  and this coming election , even though it is in may , i have n't even seen a poster or a proper political discussion about it in anything established . 
  the national elections are the big thing . 
  why are you guys so pro euro ? 
  it 's clearly a failed currency , half of the members are on the brink of collapse and it gives pretty much 0 benefit to the member countries . 
  it 's actually quite funny that the further away you get from the european union , the better the countries seem to run . 
  thinking mainly of norway and switzerland . 
  oh come on , stop hating on the swiss for not being in love with the socialistic united states of europe-idea . 
  sweden wont . 
  noone cares about romania, 
  danskj\u00e4vel , it means `` fucking dane '' . 
  oh ^ wait ^ this ^ was ^ not ^ r/polandball, 
  just ignore the leeching eurocrat . 
  you mean all the communist apologists ? 
  because he didnt need to , obviously . 
  good for you when you apply then , but it still wont make you a member automatically . 
  no , i did not . 
  no , catalonia is a member of spain , not the eu . 
  what other spanish agreements do you want to stay in ?
