  it is your personal debt to pay though , as a citizen of a democratic nation that has collectively agreed to take on this much debt . 
  stop being so apologetic , its not helping . 
   i understand that you facing austerity and budget cuts due to `` greece being ill '' makes you angry at greece , but if you look at the situation beside the numbers you ll realise that even what is proposed now , aside from making people hate each other , is just kicking the can further down . 
  agreed , you should leave on your own accord , anything else is just another attempt to leech on the well functioning nations until you managed to get your act together . 
   the memorantums had no positive effect so far , and i do not think the way the negotiations are happening they will have . 
  we went from 140 % gdp to debt to 200 % in 5 years . 
  possibly , so why did you take it ? 
  surely there are economists supporting the greek government too . 
   if there was no austerity and no program i think the situation would have been much better , what do you think ? 
  and if sweden had unlimited resources fir everyone it would have been much better too , what do you think ? 
  if this is the level of reasoning that they teach at greek universities i completely understand why your country is failing . 
   ecb closed their eyes and pretended that there was no problem till syriza came to power and started rejecting the bailout terms . 
  then , they decided that it was not acceptable . 
  ( are n't we glad ecb does not take a political stance , right ? ) . 
  what retarded bullshit is this , the earlier government were at least trying to repay their debt which made the ecb think it was okay , even though that is questionable . 
  syriza came in and stopped everything debt related , of course the ecb can not take that as collateral anymore , the situation completely changed from a creditors standpoint . 
  sounds like the situation for pretty much every homeless in pretty much every city . 
  lol , yank, 
  no , because she is responsible for the finances of a whole country , it 's her job . 
  less greece in it ? 
  what ? 
  germany is one of the best places to live , greece is fucked . 
  does not make it less true . 
  he 's a leech , of course a portuguese has nothing to lose from a political union , he can go nowhere but up . 
  no one likes a crybaby . 
  stop it . 
  huh ? 
  then why the fuck did you sign it ? 
  you mean that the eu-institutions are corrupt ? 
  what ? 
  fancy wording and little substance . 
  anyhow , a flawed union can be a worse drag than no union at all . 
  but in four months time , where the effects of this bailout start to be felt , what 's stopping the greek people from forcing new elections and voting for some other anti austerity party that completely refuses to follow up on its obligations to the creditors ? 
  the people have shown that they do not want austerity and in a democracy the people get 's the final vote . 
  is n't this setup just because germany already has an infrastructure for this kind of work set up ? 
  it 's not like the germans take the assets , liquidate it and use the money for themselves . 
  so consumer needs could be satisfied anyway and they were thus not needed ? 
  good thing they closed then . 
  if they had plans the banks would have been involved . 
  unless they simply planned to nationalise all banks in the process and did not want them to know about it . 
  that some other countrys want to renegotiate what the eu means does not mean that the continent is weak . 
  both denmark and uk will do fine on their own , they will still partake in trade deals etc , as long as the eu is not too butthurt to do it . 
  greece however is not strong enough to do fine on their own . 
  yeah but it is greece we 're talking about , social capital is not their strong suit . 
  nothing , since the referendum was only constructed to let tsipras resign without being personally responsible . 
  and then we need to hope that the government does not fail and that some other whackjob anti austerity party rises and this farce starts all over again . 
  what did oxi get , 63 % ? 
  europe is strong , except for greece which is tiny . 
  really , spain also wants to be ruined and then completely capitulate to hope to save the country from total collapse ? 
  of course . 
  maybe they are right and you need to accept that . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  blah blah blah , all this fucking crying about humiliation . 
  you are obviously not able to govern the country on your own , why should your perceived dignity stand above all other euro members needs ? 
  and you need to grow up . 
   nice jibe , but if you 're so smart then how can you think that the failure of a currency wo n't be a disastrous event with millions suffering as an outcome . 
  well done there genius . 
  what the original argument was about was wether the greek exit from the euro will make people despise the current european project . 
  most europeans want them out , so it will not make that much of a difference in the opinion , only the most hardcore federalists who just have had their naive dreams crushed will care , and they are not that many . 
  the failure of a currency will most probably be bad for most involved , but if it fails it 's flawed and the failure is inevitable , and having something that does not work die off must be a good thing in the long run . 
  -2 % tomorrow , greece is not important . 
   well you keep dismissing as if people do n't have a counter opinion to your own ... they do , and it 's more than 500 ;-) sure , but it 's just a matter of what , a maximum of 161 keys pressed ? 
  it 's way too easy to just throw shit out on the internet . 
  twitter means nothing . 
   the question is n't how the markets react tomorrow , but how they react in the long term should grexit happen and how that affects the euro 's viability as a currency . 
  how they react tomorrow should reflect the immediate reaction of thousands of professionals monitoring and judging the situation , their collective reaction sure as hell means more than your ideologically bisaded amateur guesses . 
  and so what if the euro fails ? 
  that just means that the currency is flawed and that it would be good to kill it off . 
  more like the family chose to put up with the problems , but it 's now gotten to a point where they ca n't take it anymore . 
   right now the eu is making a nasty hames of it 's conduct towards the greeks , and people do n't like it : lol , twitter-politics . 
  we 'll see how the markets react tomorrow , im guessing an average of 2 % drops on the major exchanges , just like last time greece almost left . 
  everyone but the greeks hope that . 
  oh snap , you sure got him !, 
   that will destroy the eurozone . 
  no , that 's what you are doing . 
   ironic coming from you considering that sweden said no to the euro in the first place . 
  not that ironic , the euro does not work and i 'm glad we are not part of it , but that does not mean that letting a dysfunctional country leave the ez will make people dislike eu as a whole , come on . 
   the eu will decide how many remain positive in thought towards it by it 's chosen actions . 
  that 's how opinion works . 
  yeah , and the opinion is for letting greece go , you are the minority . 
  he works for the germans , not for the eu . 
  where the fuck do you think ordinary people have their money ? 
  and where do you think the monetary infrastructure that makes society actually work , even for the ordinary people , is based ? 
  but they need the money now !!, 
  what you are suggesting is humiliation !, 
   when one considers that post-grexit nobody will trust the ez to keep itself intact at any cost healthy then . 
  of course the union can not stay intact at any cost , it 's a fucking ridiculous statement . 
   and everyone 's saying it 's a complete surrender . 
  the creditors are n't , and it 's them who matter . 
  stop being so fucking touchy , kiddo . 
  no , you and like 500 others will think that , so you wont be completely alone . 
  yeah , but thats humiliating , the greeks cant have that . 
  the most nationalist populist politician ever ? 
  you must be confusing him with tsipras . 
  surely that 's illegal , and there is clear evidence showing who did it , will the greek police do its job ? 
  oh , he meant a tuesday in october ? 
  no , then you can shrug it off . 
  because no one likes to get the blame , especially if they are blamed correctly . 
  i know that but she speaks swedish and so do munintrollen , you tit . 
  hey , mumintrollen speak swedish , get your own characters .
