  oh , and its geographically close to almost everything . 
  looks like the old plan to me . 
  well , that was a waste of 29 seconds . 
  if it 's not a problem , and for germany it is not , then it is not a problem . 
  so , no . 
  meh , no difference for most people then . 
  they will probably not survive anywhere outside of the university/twitter . 
  thats why you never see them in the real life . 
  europe has no unity , putin is just showing it . 
  haha , like the french would allow that . 
  where are you from ? 
  lol , eu-funds . 
  the kid you are discussing with is a convinced left wing 16 year old who constantly goes out of his depth on r/sweden , just so you know . 
  because you are . 
  [ lie ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/lie ) . 
  never . 
  oh , are you back ? 
  go lie somewhere else . 
  and killing you could free up enough resources to feed someone else , what is your point ? 
  lol , you have no case , you have lost it . 
  the left is as disgusting as it has always been . 
  in the well functioning european countries we actually like the uk . 
  it is meh . 
  g\u00e4rdet as an area is pretty large with lots of greenery . 
   there is no censorship going on . 
  and there are no american soldiers in bagdad , right ? 
  what a useless statement . 
  yeah , high taxes drove them away . 
  you must be a troll . 
  its not fucking understandable , stop treating them like children . 
  not going to happen . 
  how about fists ? 
  they can be abused too . 
  you are wrong . 
  stop crying and accept that . 
   there are also smaller stores which have a minimum sale requirement before they accept cards , because of fees . 
  iirc , minimum sale requirements are not legal . 
  but still predominantly capitalist . 
  thus , we are all capitalist , mate . 
  lol, 
  well , name one economy that is not in some way mixed . 
  we are predominantly capitalist . 
  yeah no , we are all capitalist mate . 
  why would greece care ? 
  schengen is dying anyway . 
  haha , no . 
  haha , what does that even mean ? 
  i do n't mind lillebror . 
   how come swedish citizens want to support such things ? 
  they do n't , they are more or less being scared into submission . 
  swedish , but it is debatable . 
  wow, 
  you could always move to open somalia . 
  tough shit . 
  we also have both actually, 
  because its pretty much the only thing legitimising the existance of the eu in the eyes of the public at this point . 
  well , no shit, 
  lol , you lefties are nuts . 
  meh , who cares . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  what , you mean something like [ this ? 
  ] ( http://c85c7a.medialib.glogster.com/media/83/837f13afb8b744e6b089e24a21bb1fb701fe11e0be833e0793299161183c5a4e/yggdrasil.jpg ), 
  lack of resources limiting the available recruitment slots . 
  it is true . 
  no , its not his style . 
  better than russia . 
  nope . 
  the greeks want more money , thats basically it . 
  lol, 
  wrong game . 
  little brother complex !, 
  its a way to get rid of the left who created the situation . 
  are you retarded ? 
  the crisis is self inflicted , sweden has no right to demands others to fix it for them . 
   it will be disappointing to see schengen suspended . 
  meh , you 'll just have to bring a passport . 
  who cares . 
  good , maybe they can get their shit together finally . 
  no , we should make staying in europe a more attractive option . 
  after you . 
  fucked up , even . 
  are they rich too ? 
  what a bunch of cunts !, 
  dont they know that greece completely fucked itself over and should just be magically given money from everyone else who did not fuck their country over ? 
  pretty much . 
  no , but i dont mind his existance !, 
  oh look , someone is jealous !, 
  my understanding is that this was said as a joke , not something he actually wants . 
  lol, 
  wow , a whole 5 minutes ? 
   if people say that we should n't help refugees because there are violent persons among them , they are naive as well . 
  that 's not naivety , that 's recognizing the there is a tradeoff and picking a side . 
  you spineless shit , / u/low _ discrepancy completely ran over you , own up to it . 
  politically correct zombies did see it , but they deemed the threat of people getting killed like this to be worth it to further their cause . 
  some parts of the world are more important than others . 
  are you joking or are you just an average american ? 
  what you mean is , 30-40 % who are `` xenophobic '' , 40-50 % who are ignorant/uninterested and 5-10 loud , influential per cent who are pro multiculturalism . 
  just be aware , they arent as independent in their reporting as they are paid to be . 
  itt : jealous eastern europeans being overly proud of the eu because joining it is their only major achievement in the last 100 years . 
  neither country has u-turned yet .
