  what ? 
  how is this news ? 
  so everyone with a job should pay for things you deem important ? 
  no , most people know of handels . 
  because you want to limit the amount of discussion on this sub . 
  meh who cares , the suburbs are lost anyway . 
  good , you pay for them then . 
  of course there is . 
  if the french are in charge of the european army i guess we can all just give up right now , that 's what 's ultimately going to happen in a war anyway . 
  hijacked how and by whom ? 
  if you think other things should be discussed here you are free to post your own submissions . 
  this whole `` you are not allowed to talk about things that i do not like hurr durr '' shit is annoying . 
  let people talk about what they feel is important . 
  oh oh i know , his opinion right !!, 
  oh i think it is portugeese . . 
  yeah that sounds familiar . 
  what , the portugeese ? 
  epic fail bro xdd, 
  sound very norwegian . 
  nor with a spoiled leftwing nutjob . 
  queue massive bird and reptile die offs and tons of undecomposed biological matter everywhere . 
  not worth it . 
  they want to cut some fairly major expenses . 
  he is on a quest to find racism on the internet , and he does that by inventing it in places where there are none . 
  all the time . 
  no , but the swedish anti racism movement is borderline fascist . 
  they use violence to stop and disrupt anything that they do not like . 
  and if they refuse ? 
  in stockholm it gets you a 30-40sqm 1 room apartment . 
  so what this really means is what ever deal they negotiate now it can be completely irrelevant in a few months time due to syriza collapsing and some new nutcase coming to power , starting this whole circus all over again ? 
  the worse the country works , the more they want the eu to fix their shit for them . 
  the better the country works , the less they want other countries leeching off of them . 
  too harsh of an interpretation ? 
  stockholm and of course it is . 
  france has any power?they are lapdogs to the germans . 
  no no , the mods do n't mind that being discussed , yet , 
  leftwingers consider them flawed because they poll sd higher than the others . 
  in reality sentio have been closest to the real election results than the other polling companies . 
  that happens here too , sd were polled at around 10,5 % and they got 12,9 %, 
  what exactly has worked for iceland ? 
  go start a revolution then , see where it gets you . 
  he does , they all do . 
  english . 
  dibs on becoming norwegian !, 
  oh god what a tacky fucking watch . 
  rich russians , the stereotype is real . 
  they might be forced to when greeks are greekin ' :(, 
   is n't sweden kinda close to being socialist , how come they have n't done so yet you ridiculous moron ? 
  because we are not that socialist . 
  also , we sort of [ did ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20150120/dark-forecast-for-swedish-economy ) , you ridiculous moron . 
  why ca n't we just let the greeks enjoy their punishment as irresponsible spenders ? 
  they are not , open any newspaper and you will see them . 
  on tv they are , on channels broadcasted from sweden . 
  yes ofcourse !, 
  blah blah blah , okey !, 
  we 're the biggest and the best , the one to beat in scandinavia , they all envy us !, 
  how do they properly quantify this ? 
  this map means nothing . 
  expressen is one of the four major news papers/tabloids in sweden . 
  well this is exciting, 
  what is it then ? 
  guess further north . 
  alternatively to the west/south west . 
  the crisis is delayed , not over . 
  probably . 
  so what are they ? 
  it 's the only important question , if you take it as a negative review that 's on you . 
  lol@romania, worst again !, 
  but would you pay for them ? 
  so we like nationalism now ? 
  i though you eu-ophiles hated that . 
  and what are european values , really ? 
  too bad for ukraine that tsipras decided to steal the spotlight and make what ended up being completely unnecessary trouble for everyone . 
  otherwise the public opinion would probably be a lot more invested in ukraine 's situation . 
  sup with varoufakis ? 
  and kronor !, 
  in stockholm they are useless , i repeatedly got another persons mail just because our names were vaguely similar and they could not be arsed to figure out what to do with it . 
  for some of these it 's like you took the swedish word and just added a few i 's . 
   it is a public tv/radio station with no agenda to push . 
  lol, 
  wow , you must be a troll . 
  people are so easily humiliated these days . 
  neither has greece . 
  jealousy is ugly, 
  so , in reality no difference to what it is right now ? 
   no financial number can express that feeling , no financial number can understand . 
  that 's why in my opinion the plan is n't going to work . 
  i do n't think austerity will make the economy better , or save my country , i think you just kicked the can further down the road and gave greece a loan . 
  you as a europe said that you will move further away my debt repaiment dates but that is not going to do any good for me . 
  agreed , you , as a country , should take some responsibility and leave the euro zone . 
   here there are so many unemployed people that employers take advantage of , and thats just if someone is nice enough to employ you , they ll just tell you do 1 month internship and then not hire you , or they ll just tell you sign that you received your paycheck and we ll see if you get paid depending on how the economy goes . 
  i guess that 's what happens if the country is as mismanaged as yours , blame the greek voters , that 's how a democracy works . 
   i do not believe that structural reforms are the only key thing that needs to happen , i think that as a country we need help and understanding , which we are not getting in my opinion . 
  are you a bunch of children ? 
  you need to get your society to function like a developed nation , if you want to be one . 
  not to he cuddled with like a one year old who just took a shit in his diaper . 
   i think if europe is a group and we are the sick member of the group they are telling us we should do everything the way everyone else does things . 
  and beside that if we do n't want to we can just leave the group . 
  if you want the same standard of living as everyone else you need to perform like everyone else , what 's the problem ? 
   i totally understand the other europeans claiming that this is not their fault , that this is not their debt to pay , but understand that this is not my personal debt either to pay , yet i m paying it .
