if hungarian had more in common with european languages , then your country 's hovercrafts would n't be full of eels . 
  people used to get very large rocks and arrange them in a circle . 
   going to the pub without having a cig ? 
  no way , cigarettes are must have . 
  you can , you just have to go outside . 
  and i consider it my right to be drunk any when in the day i feel like it . 
  well in the local student pub near me , they sometimes give out free shots . 
  that 's good value for money . 
   4.5 # what is this strange position of the # sign ? 
  i went to uni last year and i fogot to bring any cups to drink out of and so had my housemates . 
  by the end of the year , we did n't have enough room in the kitchen cupboards because of the glasses we 'd acquired collectively . 
  the kingdom of wessex and later on the unified kingdom of england . 
  519ad to 1066, 
  going fast = / = running . 
  running is the action of movement whereby you 're only contact with the ground is a maximum of 1 foot at any given time and which foot is in contact with the ground alternates . 
  no , because i ca n't be bothered to copy and paste it and i had a ruler right next to be . 
  i just measured it by holding a ruler up against my screen and they 're the same size . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  you can even see the same creases on both of them . 
  they have n't even tried to hide the fact they 've rotated the same image . 
  and vastly superior to handegg in every single aspect . 
  do n't you want more countries to play rugby and the sport to grow in global popularity ? 
  or would you rather it was more like cricket where you play the same limited set of countries over and over again without ever facing anyone new ? 
  no , we 'd invade italy if that was what we wanted . 
  the reason its higher in wales than in the rest of the uk is because its dangerous to give birth to human-sheep hybrids . 
   but you could also say everyone white japanese ? 
  native canadians ? 
  east russians ? 
  i think the phrase ; `` the lesser of evils '' would suffice . 
  the former turkish republic of greece will get angry if you do that . 
  1/4 manx is 1/4 more manx than me . 
  do n't you at least have a jerseyman , a guernseyman and a manxman jokes ? 
  why does a manxman never fit into those jokes ? 
  ahhh , the news headline about the pope . 
  i 'm going to do whatever i do when i see a headline about the pope . 
  i 'll ignore the article and listen to tim minchin 's [ the pope song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pb958pxquj0 ) instead . 
  we got our flag long after the vikings had left though . 
  because serbia and croatia have a few disagreements about their border . 
  no , but they 're a better example of a country that 's not in the eu that 's doing well . 
  pfft , they 're not french , have you seen their armpits ? 
  that sounds like a fun idea , 
  we 're not planning on towing ourselves way out into the atlantic . 
  those of us who wanted that just gave up and moved to bermuda . 
  i think canada could be used as a better example . 
  well , that settles it then . 
  if we leave the eu , everything will carry on as normal . 
  that depends upon whatever the czech government decides . 
  it is still all 1 sovereign state . 
  however , it is danish land , so it 's included as part of denmark for the purposes of this map . 
  every country that 's either blue or red . 
  i clicked on this to see what this was about and i 'm still none the wiser , i think it 's something to do with basketball , but that 's it . 
  so , i was about to leave and look at some other stuff on reedit , but then i decided to click on the `` yeah really '' link that you provided and i 'm disappointed in you . 
  you use bing . 
  in order to appease ~ ~ idiots ~ ~ ukip voters , david cameron promised to get net migration down to under 100k people per year , the level it was at before the 2004 expansion . 
  there are 2 main problems with that ( 1 ) it 's not necessary and ( 2 ) the number of migrations from other eu countries is too high to get it that low without either ( a ) eu treaty change or ( b ) leaving the eu . 
  tl ; dr david cameron is an idiot who has promises to achieve something that he ca n't to appease xenophobic morons . 
  an englishman , a scotsman , a welshman and an irishman are travelling through the amazon when a tribe takes them all captive and decides to kill all 4 of them for being found on their land . 
  however , the chief of the tribe allows each of them 1 last request . 
  the scotsman asks for them to preform highland dancing to bagpipes playing whilst he drinks a traditional scottish whiskey . 
  the irishman asks for them to preform a riverdance to traditional irish music whilst he drinks guinness . 
  the welshman asks for them to preform nantgarw tradition to the music of the welsh valleys whilst he drinks perry . 
  then the chief asks the englishman for his last request . 
  the englishman replies with `` kill me first '' . 
   austrian with an albertan there 's somewhere else that the ~ ~ australians ~ ~ austrians will get annoyed if you say there when you mean ~ ~ australia ~ ~ austria . 
   , 99 % in favor of one option is ridiculous 2900 people live there , it 's very easy to extreme results with a low population . 
  france did n't claim it . 
  they were the first to discover the falklands , but they did n't land there or claim it . 
   hand back falklands ? 
  to who ? 
  there 's no one to `` hand it back '' to . 
  to hand it back , someone else needs to have owed it in the first place , which argentina never has . 
  the lake district is in cumbria . 
   how can you be so persistently negative ? 
  it must take years of dedicated training . 
  being cheerful is n't good for you . 
  well , if there 1 thing you can say about northern ireland 's politicians , it 's that they 'll approach this from a calm and sensible point of view like adults . 
  is it just me or do some of those fish look like they 're above the water ? 
  algeria left before you . 
  prince charles wo n't be king for very long . 
  you 've offered more of a challenge than the other teams in this group . 
  i do n't understand how slovenia are in 4th place after showing how well they 're capable of playing in the 2 games i 've seen them play . 
  think about how people from the maldives feel . 
  by the time he gets to m , they 'll be underwater . 
  hmmm , a news story about the pope , therefore i will do whatever i do when i hear of a news story about the pope . 
  i will ignore it and listen to [ tim minchin 's pope song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okk-nuyzkhm ) instead . 
  if boris johnson becomes tory leader , then the tories will gain support in london , but lose support everywhere else . 
  sharks . 
  wait , your government can just redraw the boundaries of local government without everyone getting pissed off ? 
  the un has so far treated kosovo 's independence as an internal matter for serbia . 
  as far as the un is concerned , kosovo does n't have a right to declare independence , but by declaring independence , it has n't done anything illegal . 
  i 'm assuming the un would treat catalonia in a similar way to kosovo . 
   music = joy [ oh really ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbl9vsobx8i ), 
  but ... [ this is europe 's song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jk-ncrmvcw ) . 
   and what would madrid 's reaction be ? 
  they wo n't recognise catalonia . 
   or the eu 's ? 
  the eu will probably just agree with spain . 
   or the un 's ? 
  the un will do nothing .
