  it 'll be treated as an internal matter for spain . 
  i like spaniels . 
  i 've never herd of that , so i do n't know . 
   basically flip the uk into a north american country instead of a european one yeah , i like canada . 
  you have a good preferences in flag design . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv6kgmwan8y ) is how we viewed your election last time . 
  have a guess about what we 'll think next year . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  that video did n't even mention the eu referendum or the eu in general . 
  not really , there 's [ other suitable sites ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/75900000/gif/_75900830_20140627_trident_624.gif ) for nuclear weapons . 
  how much time have you spent in the netherlands ? 
  their hovercrafts are full of eels . 
  you missed the biggest difference . 
  unlike rugby , american football is complete and utter shit . 
  there 's no need to refer to rugby as handegg because no one is falsely labelling football . 
  if you call rugby handegg , then you have to think of a new name for handegg . 
  maybe slower and boring handegg ? 
  but rugby has penalty shootouts , so you would probably win a lot if more germans were interested . 
  i do n't follow rugby , but it 's better than handegg because you do n't have to keep stopping every 5 seconds . 
  good idea , hopefully one day , this sub-reddit will have done an ama with at least 1 person from every group in the european parliament . 
  i think i once watched a czech film at 2am on either itv4 or dave or 1 of the channels not many people watch . 
  anyway , it was in czech with english subtitles . 
  i ca n't remember anything about the plot or what it was called , but it was the weirdest film i 've ever watched, 
  well your welcome . 
  i do n't pay to watch anything the bbc produce either . 
  mainly because i 'm currently living with my parents and therefore come under their tv licence , but also when i move out again at the end of september i wo n't buy one because i can just watch the bbc 's shows on iplayer after they 've finished because a tv licence is only needed for shows that currently being broadcast . 
  that involves giving your money to rupert murdoch , which is n't a good idea . 
  so monserrat is on the list but jersey and the isle of man are n't ? 
  of course , that makes perfect sense . 
  ctrl + f : dragon come on welsh people , it 's not like your flair gives it away or anything . 
  til that in every war fought in poland , the armies involved would turn up , look away and then 1 side would win . 
  hurst castle , it 's built on a shingle bank and it was built in the 16th centaury and it 's still standing today . 
  no , however , i like north village rams in bermuda , not because i 've ever seen them play , however i 've managed them on football manager and it 's quite fun . 
  i 'm from a small village , and since i do n't drive i need to cycle because councils do n't care about giving you access to public transport if you do n't live in a town or city . 
  when i took my bike with me to uni and i did n't realise how dangerous some drivers make it for cyclists in towns and cities . 
  i 've been forced onto the pavement by too many ~ ~ idiots ~ ~ people not giving me enough room when they overtake . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  i think the bbc 's bias in the israel/palestine conflict seems to vary of report to report . 
  some people think they try and overcompensate for complaints about being too pro-israeli or being too pro-palestinian , but i think it has more to do with the bias of individual journalists . 
  freedom of speech does n't mean we should listen to horrible people . 
  sure , people should n't go to prison for saying horrible things , but everyone else should be able to either ignore them or say horrible things back to them . 
  edit : typo, 
  sorry , but unesco considers the dorset coast a world heritage site . 
  excuse me for not giving a shit about their opinion . 
  # 9000/year . 
  if i was from scotland i 'd get it for free , if i was from wales it would be # 3000/year or if i was from northern ireland it would be # 3805/year . 
  [ 1966 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzsoolisz-u ) . 
  conclusion of what i 've learnt : - san marino sounds nice - monaco sounds horrible - liechtenstein sounds a bit silly , but in a good way - everyone from france and spain goes to andorra to buy cheap stuff - / r/europe has a lot of people from malta who get upset when you do n't list them, 
  you can still say what it 's like in malta , but i did n't list it because there 's more than 100k people in malta and less than 100k people was the arbitrary value i set to be included in the list of countries in the title . 
  however many countries i listed , someone from a country that was just a tiny bit bigger would have said exactly what you just said . 
  are you aware of the san marino challenge on the computer game football manager ? 
  well , you can talk about malta is you want , i just put an arbitrary cut off point at 100k people for the countries listed in the title . 
  which one are you talking about ? 
  i did n't list the faroe islands because it is n't a sovereign state , but you can still say what it 's like there if you want . 
  570k people live there and i set an arbitrary cut-off point at 100k people . 
  i put an arbitrary cut off point at 100k people , so that 's why malta is n't listed . 
  that 's due to vatican city 's laws on citizenship . 
  malta has a population of 400,000 . 
  out of the 4 countries i listed , the one with the highest population is andorra with 78,000 . 
  so i decided to leave it out . 
  also , including malta would also mean including iceland as it has a lower population than malta . 
  i left out gibraltar because it is n't a sovereign state . 
  it was a joke and was meant more in reference to the winter . 
  at least in our lake district your piss does n't freeze mid-air . 
  it 's not colony , it 's an overseas territory . 
  if the falklands were still a colony then they would n't elect their own government . 
  in theory , however , the spanish government supports argentina 's claim . 
  spain 's government supports argentina 's nutty claim . 
  is n't that what mainland europe is for , to act as a buffer between these isles and russia ? 
   you are 43.4 % european , and you scored closest to italy , with a similarity of 59.9 % well i like pizza and i like pasta , at least i know why now . 
  it 's hard to tell on reddit . 
  wtf ? 
  the st george 's cross is n't the flag of the edl , it 's the flag of england . 
  the edl hijacked it . 
  it 's been the flag of england for hundred of years and the edl did n't exist before 2009 . 
  did i fail the lottery of life by picking the st george 's cross over the union flag ? 
  you forgot liechtenstein !, 
  to an extent , yes , however , it does n't see `` hydraulic ram '' as the same thing as `` water sheep '' . 
  according to google translate at least . 
  united king of great britain and northern ireland , that might help . 
  middlesbrough is so shit that north yorkshire and country durham are arguing over who owns it . 
  eventually one of them will lose and it 'll be part of their county . 
  up in scotland , anything can be deep fried , [ even mars bars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deep-fried_mars_bar ) . 
  why has your flag got different colours ? 
  it would be much easier to cut of a finger nail or a small piece of hair . 
   blue symbolizes sea - something that the czech people always longed to have . 
  good luck with that . 
  because st george came to england and killed a dragon that was terrorising the locals . 
  so , he became the patron saint of england and his cross became our flag . 
  however , in reality , it 's to do with the crusades , but we like the `` st george and the dragon '' story because it sounds better . 
  i think the apollo astronauts went further . 
  no , i 'm a pedant when i 'm not on the internet as well , 
   we lost the ashes . 
  a historic cricket series against old rivals england in a very humiliating one-sided series . 
  english co-workers and friends will now be entirely unbearable . 
   a guy stole a winnie the pooh car from a supermarket !, 
  instant up-vote before reading the rest . 
  the west indies cricket team includes the us virgin islands and sint maarten ( i.e. 
  the dutch part ) . 
  also , ireland will soon become a test match cricket team , so there some places with an interest in cricket outside of the commonwealth .
