you know there 's a lot more to a country than its internet ? 
  ro has a lot of other problems of its own , as most nations do . 
   do isp in other countries still have data caps in their contracts ? 
  depends , of course . 
  tobacco consumption = / = cigarette smokers , as far as i am aware . 
  there are other ways to consume tobacco . 
  assuming it was n't on purpose , it 's liar * ;p, 
  so you think it 's a good idea to waste money on excessive labour because some of those people doing the work can provide a marginal stimulation for the economy ? 
  well that is n't really a sustainable economic management , and it hurts the global economy more in the long term more than it could possibly contribute to your local economy , even short term . 
  they do n't usually do it when it concerns internal affairs , though . 
  foreign economic policy responsibility lies more on the target nation rather than the nation of the companies investing . 
  ` muh heritage ' no but seriously though , that 's pretty cool . 
  why do you have romanian flair when american ? 
  some border inaccuracies early on ( probably because the borders were quite undocumented back then in comparison to later history ) , but otherwise pretty nice . 
  probably just trying to seem more ` relatable ' to the working class , so they 'll vote for him . 
  why not ? 
  then do n't correct peoples english when you can be bothered to write it properly yourself . 
  yeah we 're so [ selfish ] ( http://www.globalhumanitarianassistance.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/humanitarian-aid-per-capita-via-eu-2009.jpg ) . 
   i would add perhaps that there has also been , in my opinion , some `` exploitative '' element , where the richer , more competitive north , or more precisely : companies from the north , took advantage of the situation in the south as you described it . 
  which makes the question of who is to blame for the mess slightly more complex . 
  might i ask what made you believe that that might be true ? 
  i mean , what 's the basis of that accusation ? 
  what country are you from ? 
  norway is n't a part of eu . 
  ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ psst ^ ^ ^ ^ flair ^ ^ ^ ^ up, 
  lol . 
  if you want to you should get an austrian flair ( on the sidebar ) . 
  translate please ? 
  pride * no worries though , 
  * well if we 're going to be serious about it ... * kebab is just a food , so i do n't see what is so offensive to you about it ? 
  edit : i would also like to add that nazi germany was pretty strong , yes . 
  i do n't see why would be offensive ? 
  was n't the mongol horde pretty strong conquering all those kingdoms and empires ? 
  i think yes . 
  that does n't detract from any atrocities ( which nazi germany was n't the only one to commit , btw . 
  there 's been a ton of other atrocities committed by states we think of as good today . 
  they just do n't get mentioned ) committed by them . 
  it 's just a factual statement , that yes . 
  the mongol horde was a strong empire that defeated empires and kingdoms . 
  removed kebab . 
  is stronk !, 
  lol . 
  we do take them seriously . 
  yay !, 
  no clue about the correct district though . 
  cyprus ? 
  where are you from ? 
  edit : ah , greece ? 
   i had a ** small ** fire [ ... ] pretty vital and noteworthy part of your statement . 
  why have n't you flaired up ? 
  misread the comment . 
   they should find some former stasi agents and have them ask obama for an autograph on one of their spying documents . 
  not that that 's completely unthinkable , i 'm sure the stasi would 've been huge fanboys of the nsa . 
  diplomatic immunity . 
  so yes it would . 
  also , diplomatic immunity . 
  flair up !, 
  flair up . 
  flair up . 
  you 're really portuguese . 
  change your flair . 
  but ... but you 're female ? 
  females like whores as well ? 
   20c  cold lol . 
  it 's ok . you 're an historically and honorary part of sweden too , \u00f6stra svealand . 
  you should flair up . 
  vote/create a party representing that view , and enforce it on our society then , if a majority agrees . 
  which i 'd doubt . 
  flair up btw . 
  well , to be fair , its our nation and culture . 
  it has worked pretty well so far , and of course you will always sooner or later be faced with some problems . 
  if you want to steer society in another direction , then sure do so in your country , assuming the wants of the many agree with you , and your opinion is n't just of the few . 
  this is being blown quite a lot out of proportion . 
  i mean its quite sad that people are doing this , but in the end , the scale of it compared to any other situation people call `` riots '' in the rest of the world , is incredibly miniscule . 
  the rioting part has previously been estimated to consist of about 50-100 people . 
  basically less than your facebook friends list . 
  riot ? 
  maybe . 
  worthy of world news headlines ? 
  no way . 
  i mean one of their members misbehaved quite a lot , but otherwise they 're not really anything close to xenophobic ... 
  they want stricter immigration laws , and like to encourage the nuclear family model . 
  but nothing extreme is being proposed by them in any of these questions lol . 
  in the most income and gender equal country in the world , yeah ... no but seriously , that might be the excuse , but definitely not a cause , at least not one you can actually fix . 
  the fact that a jew murdered a german ambassador set the scene for kristallnacht against jews as a whole shows how poorly things can go when you judge a perceived society as a whole based on the actions of the few/individuals . 
  your reply is like saying ( if taken to an extreme ofc ) , that `` i have not heard that aryan race germans have assassinated any of our ambassadors in any recent years . '', 
  which , while it 's true , still does n't mean that the `` other '' race/culture/ethnicity / religion as a whole is full of murderers/rioters/bullies / terrorists . 
  however , i am not saying you 're wrong . 
  just trying to point out that even though there 's some people who misbehave , the vast majority of these `` muslims/blacks '' actually are n't . 
  what can i say ? 
  i mean , if we 're going to be fair here , it 's not really many individuals participating in this `` riot '' , just some extreme people . 
  like , i read the previous estimates were around 50-100 . 
  we have a lot more immigrants than that . 
  and in a country with almost 10 million people by now , you ca n't exactly make sure that a small group of people will never get upset and do bs like this . 
  i mean still , the far and vast majority of our immigrants are doing fine and proper behavior . 
  we maybe have too liberal immigration to be able to fully integrate in any short term senario . 
  however its far from `` society falling apart ; the picture of swedish society as modest or whatnot is being destroyed '' and all that bs . 
  i do n't get it , its just some people . 
  some very shitty and destructive ones , yes , but still a very small , very small , part of our society . 
  i do n't see how you could judge anything upon it .
