  be it the success of our immigration policies , or the country of sweden as a whole . 
  edit : also to note , personally i do n't see any culture as `` muslim/black '' just like i do n't really see cultures as `` christian/white '' . 
  both of those definitions overlap greatly between cultures , hence i feel like generalising those is n't really too beneficial when attempting to get a proper understanding of a given situation . 
  err . 
  if you 're familiar to the swedish culture you probably would n't see it the same way . 
  countering with `` swift and brutal force '' is n't our thing . 
  do whatever you want in your countries , but encouraging policies like that will only hurt the country long term . 
  yes . 
  we 're doing just fine economically here in sweden , to say the least . 
  flair up !, 
  the concept of so called `` white guilt '' is bs . 
  so stop advocating it . 
  you think the point of this is payback ? 
  seriously ? 
  no one said you ca n't call it palestine , we just said israel is completely proper name for the place as a response to you claiming it 's not israel but palestine . 
  last i heard uk is not liking the eu idea as much anymore . 
  you 're kinda becoming a mini-murica . 
  but if you want a real answer , northern . 
  or neither . 
  pretty obviously not southern anyways ^ _ ^, 
  ca n't speak for any other country , but here in sweden we have surplus some years and minor deficits others . 
  overall our debt is sinking fast and the budget as stable as it can get . 
  so yeah , overall you could say we are getting surplus . 
  circle jerk = / = national pride . 
  circle jerk is a complete joke and sarcasm . 
  nat . 
  pride subreddit like / r/swarje / r/murica etc are n't completely serious , but do not have sarcasm as basic principle and such . 
  you ruined this subreddit name for everyone else . 
  thanks dickhead . 
  um , still does n't change the basic purpose of austerity . 
  so i guess you follow the keynesian school of thought when it comes to economics ? 
  also , america is far from employing any sort of real austerity . 
  their deficit every year is still gargantuan . 
  what country are you from btw ? 
  yeah yeah , i know . 
  it was more about showing the fact that it at least have worked decently in the past . 
  european living standards are still a decent amount higher than the mexican . 
  however if you read the parenthesis you 'd see it 's not a totally serious comment ;p, 
  we could get more loans ... 
  it would just deepen the shit though , like with america and their increasingly severe problems . 
  instead much of the problem stricken eu chose to aim for long term improvements and stability , instead of short term gdp growth . 
  i know right . 
  however , if you look at this guy 's post history it starts to become clear that he has some issues with europe for some reason . 
  he had posted in / r/mexico in spanish , so maybe jealous mexican of our great european prosperity ? 
  ( not completely serious , but it might have something to do with it . ), 
  shitty chart , and shit needs to be studied long term for what the results give . 
  of course your economy will start to slow down when you first employ austerity . 
  it 's the long term it 's about though , not the short one . 
  hence this is kinda a pointless thing to even discuss . 
  wait 10-20 years or so , then return to the subject . 
  edit : also look at this guy 's post history . 
  only anti-eu stuff and some shit in mexico that he has ever posted . 
  not exactly the most sensible poster , to say the least . 
  edit2 : just another thing worth noting . 
  if you want a real example of long term improvements due to austerity , look at our [ swedish housing bubble of the 1990 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_sweden#crisis_of_the_1990s ) . 
  since then we have enforced a balanced goverment budget ( ie ; austerity ) ( among other things ) and are doing quite good today during this period of financial crisis . 
   the crisis of the 1990s was by some viewed as the end of the much buzzed welfare model called `` svenska modellen '' , literally `` the swedish model '' , as it proved that governmental spending at the levels previously experienced in sweden was not long term sustainable in a global open economy . 
  [ 22 ] much of the swedish model 's acclaimed advantages actually had to be viewed as a result of the post wwii special situation , which left sweden untouched when competitors ' economies were comparatively weak . 
  [ 23 ] -  the government budget has improved dramatically from a record deficit of more than 12 % of gdp in 1993 . 
  in the last decade , from 1998 to present , the government has run a surplus every year , except for 2003 and 2004 . 
  the surplus for 2011 is expected to be 99 billion ( $ 15b ) kronor . 
  [ 34 ] the new , strict budget process with spending ceilings set by the riksdag , and a constitutional change to an independent central bank , have greatly improved policy credibility . 
  from the perspective of longer term fiscal sustainability , the long-awaited reform of old-age pensions entered into force in 1999 . 
  this entails a far more robust system vis-\u00e0-vis adverse demographic and economic trends , which should keep the ratio of total pension disbursements to the aggregate wage bill close to 20 % in the decades ahead . 
  taken together , both fiscal consolidation and pension reform have brought public finances back on a sustainable footing . 
  gross public debt , which jumped from 43 % of gdp in 1990 to 78 % in 1994 , stabilised around the middle of the 1990s and started to come down again more significantly beginning in 1999 . 
  in 2000 it fell below the key level of 60 % and had declined to a level of 35 % of gdp as of 2010 . 
  also , you 're damn lingon hating bastard . 
  to be fair , their sample size was n't exactly huge . 
  well they were swedish , by that definition . 
  which is n't really all that correct . 
  being occupied by something = / = equal that thing . 
  that 's ... 
  pretty shitty humour , to be honest . 
  i mean all he did was say `` fuck '' and `` motherfucker '' and `` pope '' over and over again , like he 's trying to be offensive in the most simpleton way . 
  at least put some effort into it . 
  example : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx7p21hrz6s, 
  why ? 
  i 'll do it . 
  for the glory of europe !, 
  edit : oh wow , a lithuanian did it already , just calling them amerifags instead of americans , not even writing xpost or spelt `` trying '' correctly . 
  you did n't really refute any of the reasonings i did , nor did you add to this discussion at all . 
   op is about an american governmental agents attempting to overstep their boundries in iceland , so naturally i assumed that 's what we were talking about here . 
  when did i say otherwise ? 
  the cia comment is still unrelated and completely out of the blue , you really have n't made any new points here . 
  not act freely , but the government 's mission includes keeping the economy stable and working . 
  without that there can be no functioning nation . 
  also , in your parent comment you were n't talking specifically about cia or anything , nor were the parent of that either . 
  hence i do n't really see what your `` cia is n't a corporation '' comment is supposed to mean . 
  sweden is n't a part of nato . 
  we 're in the nordic battle group instead , with many other nordic countries . 
  we are n't expecting usa to help us in any violent confrontations , nor nato . 
  that 's what the nordic battle group is for . 
  it 's mostly due to economical reasons . 
  usa is a major business partner across the world , very much in sweden too . 
  continued cooperation is required to sustain our place in the world economy . 
  if the american corporations got a complete shut out when it comes to rules and regulations , then they would be much more doubtful to operate inside out country . 
  which could hurt our economy by a whole lot . 
  hence most of the concessions we 've made ( which were n't really any important in all practicality , seemed like more of a symbolic move to me . ), 
  what 's up with the cut off fennoscandinavia ?
