will do , 
  that sounds about right for france 24 , then they will probably sub the last debate , just gon na take some time i guess !, 
  sadly i could n't find that , i think it 's a lot of work to sub 4h of debate , but if i find it i will post here, 
  do you guys know if we can find the full debate online yet ? 
  * edit : [ well nevermind ] ( https://youtu.be/ohwrt3phmjs ) , 
  yeah it 's really great !, 
  i 'd actually love to see a weekly thread where everyone can post their own pictures of where they live , 
  and that is especially why i 'm growing to love this sub . 
  we all gathers around history , culture and of course politics , this is a very rich place as europe is . 
  we do n't need to just get stuck in silly posting loops like most subreddits, 
  it 's definetly better to go to strasbourg for a few days and move around with the train to explore , it 's not too expensive  . 
  there 's a town called ribeauvil\u00e9 that is really beautifull too and you can taste some wine there too !, 
  damn i forgot about that , it 's actually not so bad but most of us still go to the usual brands . 
  also bretagne has one too called [ breizh cola ] ( http://www.capbrittany.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/breizh-cola-affiche.jpg ), 
  yeah it definetly got me confused  , well i actually did a typo but in french we call it `` alsacien '', 
  you meant alsacian right ? 
  no i used to understand it as a kid because of my grandmother tho . 
  i actually wrote `` elsass '' cause i thought it was the english name for it as well . 
  aaah my sweet elsass , i was born and raised in strasbourg until my 18 , and now living in turkey . 
  i have to say i 'm always happy being back there , such colorfull and nature rich area !, 
  i know that fado is a beautifull kind of music !, 
  this is a recurrent theme of yours i see , well enjoy your world !, 
  haha !, 
  that one was fun !, 
  but seriously , i bill at middle of the month , when i 'm sure people still have some money left . 
  i see you give many fucks actually since you 're still here and take the time to elaborate . 
  it 's just about reading the room , you do n't barge in like that and then be butthurt/condescending because people do n't like your reaction and express it . 
  great post , this was genuenly interesting and has made me really curious about finland , it seems so georgous !, 
  also i 'm totally stealing that breakfast routine now , looks delicious !, 
  you seem to care if that 's the first thing that comes to your mind to say when a guy is trying to share a bit of his life with an audience . 
  joke or not there 's much better things to say , that was either uncalled for you meant it and are trying to save yourself . 
  people in this thread are not oversensitive , you 're not sensitive enough i 'd say . 
  i could n't agree more , both grow from sense of deep insecurity and confusion . 
  in the end i think it all comes to `` i do n't feel like i belong '', 
  indeed , i feel like the arab world is on the way for a big change . 
  it 's at the corner of entering modernity/global age and the state of the muslim religion today is playing a big part for its identity crisis . 
  that was moving to read thank you for this  . 
  someday i 'll be able to visit you neighbours and be able to write something as good !, 
  on the topic the islamic terror that has develloped in france , i personally think that the history with algerian colonies might have started it . 
  once the war was over there was a big immigration from algeria to france . 
  the problem lies with the difficulty to integrate for the algerian population , racism helped integrism and religous radicalisation grow . 
  so i feel like our unresolved issues can be a fertile soil for extremist/terrorists to grow the seed they like , even if our country is n't mixed with recent events in the arab world . 
  yeah i really like the way they describe the city trough its music . 
  the band in that documentary is really cool , i had the chance to see them play live , very powerfull music !, 
  of course !, 
  it 's all about sharing !, 
  and your food man !, 
  it 's so tasty !, 
  i actually was n't living there anymore so i ca n't say for sure , but that sounds very plausible hehe, 
  man it 's been so long , i grew up in strasbourg and as long as i can recall this project was in the work . 
  i 'm so stoked to know it 's finally done , the border area , `` les deux rives '' is a really nice place to hang out and it should give the hoods around a financial and cultural boost . 
  strasbourg and kehl are often organizing events there that brings germans and french together . 
  i lived in bastia for 2 years when i was 12 sadly i ca n't recall about the clothes , but they are indeed a lot of religious people , i thing it has to do with the isolation and the roots they share between france and italia . 
  the singing you describe is called '' chants polyphoniques '' , as you already noticed . 
  it is a big part of corsica 's identity . 
  lastly about movies shot there , one of the most famous i can think of would be `` l'enqu\u00eate corse '' , it is a police comedy that also talks about `` silence law '' on the island . 
  but there is probably better stories out there . 
  edit : [ les apaches ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2848070/ ) sounds like a nice social movie about the place, 
  thank you , i understand your thinking and i can relate , lots of candidates have controversial stances on eu . 
  i wish too for more progressive thinking about eu from the government . 
  that said i find myself closer to m\u00e9lenchon oddly enough , he certainly has harsh stance on eu but it 's more about reforming than just leaving the boat . 
  macron scares me by his empty speeches , i ca n't bring myself to trust that guy , but if he gets elected and proves me wrong i 'll be happy to admit i was mistaken . 
  i 'm really scratching my head on macron , i 've been listening to him both debates and tried to read about him . 
  i could n't understand anything clear . 
  everything about him seems empty , the guy just seems to have a face that makes people happy and hollow words with a pretty wrapping paper . 
  can i ask what makes you believe in him ? 
  he asked about an opinion , point . 
  of course it 's gon na be met with different stance , including the legal matter since cannabis is a popular subject lately . 
  stop acting so dramatic . 
  i do n't get what you 're being aggressive for , if you 're not ready to handle arguments , that people can disagree , maybe do n't start on this subject . 
  really does n't help you making any point . 
  if this issue is so being talked of it 's for good reason , just trying to dismiss it is trying to sweep dirt under the rug . 
  lastly i never hang around r/france , i guess you 're trying to be mean here , well you 're only getting pedant . 
  nice man . 
  our japanese fellow was especially asking something about cannabis , you chose to partake , yet your just trying to push your point while closing off to any reasonable discussion . 
  acting dramatic when a serious question is asked is n't needed at all . 
  all points u/20 _ bucks_is_20_bucks made are valid and shared by many , scientists included . 
  it is all about regulation and reason down the road . 
  definetly a good start , also know there is a following of la haine that has been directed , it 's a short film and you can find it on youtube . 
  for something religious themed you have [ un proph\u00e8te ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1235166/ ) i also recommend [ divines ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4730986/ ) and [ polisse ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1661420/ ) . 
  the first one depicts the life in the hood form the point of view of 2 young girls and the second is following the life of policemens that work in child section . 
  i think both of those are giving a good insight . 
  i was confused about my identity when i was younger , but growing as an adult up i had no problem to integrate . 
  sure i can still feel discrimination at times , more with cops than anything , especially in these `` terror '' times . 
  but i try to not let i bother me , because i know deep down that france is my country , no one can take this from me and i know we can overcome difficulties . 
  i 'm from french-algerian origins , while my parents tried to educate the best as they could and were always middle class financially i could see what could happen for some of my uncles or other maghrebi families . 
  i will try to give my own insight . 
  first there is a real racism that is rampant , it might not be as violent in early immigration years it is still in my opinion very present , it just has another face . 
  there is still a real problem of integration , many generation after , famillies that could never get a better financial situation , get out of the `` ghettos '' do n't feel as french . 
  this has created all sort of negative feelings passed down generations , grudges also . 
  i worked for a few years in a school that was in a said `` sensible zone '' , i often heard kids talking very harshly agaisnt french , as they were never french themselves . 
  also as you said because of their financial situations lots are just constrained to their neighboorhood . 
  the school i worked at was only 20km from paris , 30-40 min trip , yet lots of kid never got to paris . 
  because money or because they didnt felt they belong . 
  so we have very furstrated , angry families that feels victimized from the grandfather to the grandkid , it needs a catalyst a means to vent . 
  i hope i helped . 
  indeed , main medias have strayed from their path , seeking only drama . 
  i truly hope we can turn this around somehow . 
  of course i share your view of the party , i 've seen how it can tear our country apart and i love the idea of social mixity too much . 
  i think we do n't want them to have that space of expression because we know that opponents today struggle to work against the party , rally our peoples .
