  minus the arguments over writing a new treaty in 19 languages . 
  we were british colonies , most early settlers came from the british isles . 
  most others were assimilated . 
  mass immigration from the rest of europe came later . 
  attempted genocide was a positive campaign platform back then . 
  but speaking technically , the constitution treats indians as more or less foreign . 
  throw in some manifest destiny and welcome to u.s. history . 
  it seems to be a very critical moment for that concept . 
  i think the only reason it worked in the u.s. is because we were more or less a culturally homogeneous people for the first 200 years of our existence . 
  federalizing europe is either going to get someone a nobel peace prize or start a war . 
   `` this choice calls for strengthened organisation and , among the countries which will decide it , a vanguard ... '' a `` vanguard '' sounds a lot like `` rich countries in charge . '', 
  that might not go over so well . 
  maybe we should just go fix the balkans and northern ireland if you 're so confident in our abilities ... 
  it was an internationally-monitored democratic election that occurred after power was given to a transitional iraqi government . 
  the coalition provisional authority was dissolved in 2004 , elections took place in 2005 . 
  a democratically elected one , and your people were there when it happened as well . 
  i did n't come up with it , like it or not it 's how these things work . 
  my country does it , as does yours , as does every other nation with troops in foreign countries . 
  when troops are stationed in places like the uk or japan , off-base civil crimes are handled by the local authorities in line with whatever status of forces agreement is in place . 
  on combat deployments it 's military law , and that 's more or less in accordance with international norms and precedent . 
  so the u.s. was n't above the law , it just was n't subject to iraqi law . 
  the uk was also covered by the same agreement in iraq . 
  i doubt it will go anywhere , but it sounds like an interesting case . 
   withdrew from iraq too early . 
  iraq was n't ready to go on it 's own . 
  there were a lot of wasted resources in training the iraq army , building infrastructure that 's not being used . 
  we did n't have much of a choice , the iraqis did n't want to extend the protections from prosecution for u.s. personnel . 
  and like it or not , that 's one thing the government does n't fuck around with . 
  one of the main reasons we have n't joined the icc . 
  i also helped train an iraqi unit , most of their regular army is crap because the soldiers do n't want to be there . 
  special forces and police were actually alright . 
  one of my professors called the sale of conventional weapons and the actions of these kinds of businesses `` the dirty arms race nobody talks about . '', 
  well why the the hell did you let the brits hire hessian mercenaries ? 
  we 're still mad about that by the way . 
  never mind , i just had a great idea . 
  sorry it was kind of a crude analogy , the average greek is getting screwed regardless . 
  what about hesse ? 
  are n't they british or something ? 
  vive la france !, 
  which ministry regulates the alcohol ? 
  i want that one . 
  i think they offered to mortgage the saar protectorate . 
  greece is probably screwed without debt relief . 
  they were given the option of how exactly they wanted to be screwed . 
  almost 1/4 of the government voted against , ca n't be good whatever it is . 
  the bbc translator has a hot mic , just sitting there yawning lol . 
  now they 're `` naming and shaming '' absent members . 
  they 're already talking about whether the government will fall . 
  they are there , they 're voting against or abstaining . 
  20 from syriza voting no or present . 
  ah , that 's almost funnier . 
  they were yelling at someone that voted no lol . 
  wait , did tsiparis vote no or did i mishear ? 
  [ bbc is broadcasting but no translation . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/live/business-33480291 ) live coverage tab . 
  wooo live-broadcast democracy . 
  maybe . 
  after a few more announcements . 
  depends on who 's teaching the class lol . 
  i think my favorite instructor was a breton named erwin , apparently his dad did n't exactly mind the german occupation . 
  i wish , it takes like 8 years to be a veterinarian here now . 
  it 's the orijen/acana brand here . 
  and amiral is the quebecois spelling . 
  i should be getting university credit for this . 
  haha i do buy canadian dog food but the brand is n't hard to find here . 
  both of my pups have food allergies and that 's just the one that works for both of them, 
  spent too much on imported dog food from canada , have to cut back . 
  so is the plan to just not end the session in the hopes that germany will float into the sea ? 
  opulent ? 
  i 'll have you know i am quite impoverished , i ca n't afford a new 40-inch television this year . 
  but seriously , i think most politicians are a tad opulent regardless of country . 
  a u.s. representative makes almost twice that much but has an average constituency of around 700,000 people . 
  found it . 
  apparently the israelis have even had them pop up among immigrants from the former ussr . 
  free election campaigning . 
  technically it was a soft deadline of yesterday ... 
  american elections must be seem like amazing soap operas in canada . 
  `` proposal 23 , get oil money from arabs . '', 
  this guy ... 
  `` and in this corner , weighing in at a mighty 300 kilos , the minister from golden dawn ! '', 
  * crowd hisses *, 
  i 'm waiting to hear a `` thanks obama . '', 
  yeah , but listen to that voice . 
  i want him to read me stories . 
  quoting churchill , old school smackdown . 
  we took bieber from canada , which is a member of the british commonwealth . 
  fair trade i say . 
  i heard that part , it just made it more intriguing . 
  it 's the golden dawn guy so probably nothing nice . 
  that poor podium . 
  angry greek at that . 
  `` we will not be translating for the racist from golden dawn . '', 
  now i really want to hear what he 's saying . 
  she was at a festival i went to a few years back , time has not been kind to her voice . 
  she speaks with a british accent now , not our problem anymore . 
  i 'm probably going to be working on a local or state-level campaign again here in california , this one is going to be special in the worst kind of way . 
  what do people actually think about that whole thing in estonia ? 
  i 've honestly only met one estonian and it was in iraq so nordic master race did n't come up . 
  if i remember right it was mostly posts about conservative policies that got decent coverage . 
  then some stuff about the snp win .
