  each side believes ( or presents the belief ) they 're negotiating in good faith and that the other side is trying to screw them . 
  when you join a federation and a monetary union , other people get a say in your business . 
  northern france is about to build a large wall . 
  truly a great and generous people . 
  i was just saying that referendums are n't all they 're cracked up to be . 
  we have it in california , many of our state referendums are also tied into constitutional amendments . 
  our state constitution is 110 pages long and the referendum process is a mess . 
  shannon airport is nice . 
  old irish people are amused by american marines . 
  your grass is very green . 
  i always forget the president vs prime minister thing in most countries . 
  maybe he went to make nice and to take the blame ? 
  my understanding is that he thought hitler was bad for germany , particularly after getting shot to shit and the war started going badly . 
  his personal beliefs about the poles and others is deservedly open to criticism . 
  maybe the president is just trying to make nice in light of other events or did n't want to make an issue of turning down an official invitation ? 
  some people would say ireland as well , but tasmania is a good example . 
  i assumed the shooting never really stopped ? 
  the world is having another economic `` oh shit '' moment so that 's probably why it 's not in the news . 
  intelligent design was in the curriculum and the other stuff did n't `` officially '' have anything to do with a church . 
  we just had a shit load of middle-class christian families that belonged to the same congregations and were very involved in the school . 
  i do n't think germans are their target demographic at the moment . 
  i wanted to make a witty retort , but they both have red as their primary color ... 
  and i grew up in liberal , urban california . 
  i was still taught about god in biology class and had some nice church people teach abstinence-only sex-ed . 
  my high school graduation was in a church . 
  the courts do a decent job , but people come up with new loopholes everyday . 
  throw in a healthy dose of religious conservatives in the legislatures , and the judges they appoint or confirm , and i still see problems . 
  please tell me more about my experience in the united states . 
  yeah we have people trying to put the bible back in public schools here , the same people that got creationism to be taught as an alternative to evolution . 
  most religious ideologies allow it , including christianity . 
  my previous statement was more a dig at the premise of the question rather than your response . 
  the church was fighting communism at the same time it was suppressing liberation movements in south america . 
  it has done good things and bad things , often simultaneously . 
  and generally speaking , as an american , religion in politics has been anything but a positive experience . 
  i just hate it when people put blinders on , if you look at any observant religious group you 're going to find extremists . 
  poll christians here in the u.s. and you 'll find plenty of people that want religious government and believe in criminalizing `` sin . '', 
  some people wo n't listen anyways . 
  an official warning is partly `` do n't say we did n't tell you . '', 
  well / u/satanmymaster , i 'm starting to worry a little myself ... 
  northern ireland ? 
  the balkans ? 
  god telling george bush to invade iraq ? 
  come to america , friend from flanders . 
  we need all the help we can get . 
  for every point here , there 's a counterpoint . 
  overall , religion in politics is n't a positive force if you 're liberal and/or secular . 
  apparently only one side did anything wrong ... 
  nope , i believe it applies to campaigns and candidates . 
  pacs are a whole other mess with their own rules . 
  in the case of a broadcaster like this , i believe the fcc would investigate and possibly levy a fine . 
  evidence would be handed to a prosecutor if the fcc investigation found criminal activity . 
  from that point of view this seems odd and overtly political . 
  we actually have a similar law , i was commenting more on the public prosecutor being the first to handle it . 
   blatantly lied and spreaded false information i 'd say that 's a matter of opinion . 
  this just sounds like someone getting even . 
  oh i read it , the law just seems a little off in the first place . 
  in the u.s. 
  i believe it 's handled by the regulatory body first , not public prosecutors . 
  private companies violating an electoral law about equal time ? 
  that seems like one of those good ideas that got turned into a shitty law . 
  all it 's saying is `` this is the majority language and majority religion of this area . '', 
  just putting two different things on the same map . 
  a majority of albanians are muslim , but i do n't know if it 's clear how many are actually observant . 
  they 're members of the organisation of islamic cooperation and recently opened an islamic university . 
  * india-pakistan * u.s.-russia * china-everyone * notisrael-iran * france-greenpeace it only takes one asshole . 
  western catholic slavs . 
  eastern europe . 
  poland ca n't win . 
  my grandma was from the midwest and used to talk trash about her old german-american neighbors . 
  they loved hitler until roughly december of 1941 . 
  if that 's how we 're defining it , we 're actually a nation of germans . 
  the hypothetical is n't entirely unheard of , ireland has some loose passport rules based on heritage . 
  and technically the u.s. could join the commonwealth if it chose to , extremely unlikely , but possible . 
  it 's actually our positive stereotype of brits . 
   his holiness turkey can into papal state ? 
  the average person can buy a gun in any state , laws are mostly about types of weapons and where you can carry them . 
  according to wikipedia our murder rate is the same as latvia 's , we just have a lot more people . 
  so what did your government do to piss off the moros ? 
  there were some conflicting statements . 
  i guess he 's on vacation . 
  american bases and i think some german troops are there too as part of the syria containment stuff . 
  if it 's an army coup they likely timed it around him being out of the country . 
  there 's a difference between the primaries and the actual election . 
  turnout is always lower in the primaries . 
  60 million people voted in the democratic and republican primaries ... 
  people on here always say that germans hold their military in low regard these days , so that probably does n't help . 
  i was in the military and deployed 3 times , you 'll be reading about the mobilization of the reserves and deployment of rapid reaction forces the next day . 
  and a fighting force in case all of that goes to shit . 
  they 're not there to just to be pretty and noticed . 
  they 're still there and they 're not just a deterrent . 
  same with the 60,000 u.s. military personnel in europe , which is roughly the 8th largest military force in europe . 
  might want to check out where our overseas bases are . 
  mexico is the 15th largest economy in the world , larger than most european nations . 
  it 's also in a free trade bloc with the u.s. and canada . 
  they said they do n't have enough qualified people to negotiate trade deals , mexico is just trying to get in before they hire any . 
  `` see now it 's your turn to buy the next round . 
  no money ? 
  we 'll take that shiny thing there as payment then . '', 
  the first bush was a naval aviator in ww2 , the second one was a reserve pilot in the national guard who may or may not have been trying to avoid vietnam . 
  there are over 50,000 nato and allied troops in afghanistan who rely on supply lines that run through former soviet republics and russia itself .
