nonono ukranian patriots in russian uniforms , speaking russian , carrying russian weapons ... ... ... 
  because all of the assholes in the world reside exclusively in the united states ... . 
  i said i was in favor of nuclear but i , like many people , have concerns about the effects of shale exploitation . 
  especially considering i live in an area that would be directly affected . 
  if you want shale gas you have access to it in your own backyard . 
  europe has shale , if you want it you 're more than welcome to it . 
  you also have the ability to generate nuclear power . 
  good in the short term , fracking is not so nice . 
  i am a fan of nuclear but that 's purely a domestic solution . 
  i live in one of the largest oil producing states in the u.s. and we also happen to be one of the most geologically active . 
  i 'm equally as worried about the effects of shale gas exploitation on my state as i am about the geopolitical consequences of choosing or not choosing to export it . 
  france has shale gas reserves but there 's currently a moratorium due to environmental concerns so i think we would be more than justified in being cautious . 
  exports are good , shale gas exploitation not so good . 
  i never liked the environment anyways ... 
  this has as much to do with party politics as it does the economy and europe . 
  wait what ? 
  they do n't even give us credit for that anymore ? 
  hasty contingencies count as schedules , right ? 
  you guys are obviously in league and trying to resurrect the polish-lithuanian commonwealth so you can kill all the russians etc. 
  you guys also make an appearance in hamlet . 
  `` such was the very armour he had on when he the ambitious norway combated : so frowned he once , when in an angry parle he smote the sledded polacks on the ice '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland_is_not_yet_lost#lyrics http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93swedish_wars, 
  having no secure supply routes in and out of a war zone is a matter of practical relevance . 
  the other routes pass through pakistan , which is problematic for its own reasons and not suitable for large scale traffic . 
  so yes , there are still problems . 
  and moot means up for discussion and open to debate . 
  they can do any number of problematic things short of that . 
  and as i said before , a lot of the traffic passes through russia proper so applying soft power in its sphere of influence is only one option . 
  does n't answer the question . 
  and being more western and liking money puts them beyond russian influence and pressure how exactly ? 
  the situation on the ground can be a little more interesting . 
  yes they like the money but the base in question was more or less besieged during their revolution and remains a sticking point . 
  you would also be aware that the russians have an air base there ? 
  have you been there ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyrgyz_revolution_of_2010 they still do n't like us there , they tolerate us . 
  most of the traffic through pakistan has been curtailed and can be sporadic do to insurgent activity . 
  the main transit point for personnel is in kyrgyzstan and many of those flights go through russia . 
  try not to lump all of us together . 
  some of us know firsthand that a war on your doorstep is n't as palatable as a war on tv . 
  algeria , morocco , tunisia , syria , and lebanon would like a word . 
  they consume a lot of of american and presumably european pop culture . 
  some iraqi soldiers were notorious for their obsession with britney spears and the like . 
  they know who rambo and arnold are too . 
  other people are just trying to get the hell out of a war zone and probably hear about how great country x is from relatives or the rumor mill during their travels . 
  medal , face kisses , and a subscription to the wine of the month club . 
  in soviet russia , cossacks cross border and kidnap you because they heard you were oppressing your neighbor sergei . 
  russian empire shit the bed twice last century , they are resilient if nothing else . 
  something like 30 % of minnesota 's population is of scandinavian descent , they 're their own little world up there . 
  nonono [ send us more scandinavians . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9zudshdhtw ), 
  bastardizing languages is an unenumerated constitutional right . 
  russia is european , most russians live in the european part of the country . 
  turkey is a border country with a history of involvement in southern europe . 
  the rest are a little odd . 
  something something kaliningrad can into, 
  and so begins the v\u00e4lf\u00e4rdschlu\u00df . 
  that nordic health system . 
  it 's a joke ... 
  i mean white muslims are n't exactly uncommon either . 
  the caucasus , the balkans , tartars ... 
  is it just me or does greenland not exist on that map ? 
  i ca n't even read past the first two syllables . 
  `` the continental shelf tells me that europe is rightfully british . '', 
  we would n't like it , internal borders are n't something we 're used to having . 
  if a state closed its borders it would have the feds and other states on its ass . 
  if the feds closed the borders then the states and courts would be on their ass . 
  short of ebola or an insurrection it would n't happen . 
  internal freedom of movement is a right as long as you 're not doing anything illegal . 
  you can drive from california to maine without hitting anything more than a random checkpoint looking for drunk drivers or something . 
  generally , the federal government has jurisdiction over crimes that cross state borders , and the various federal agencies work in concert with state and local authorities . 
  we ca n't even get our own place names right half of the time . 
  you 'd need a federal border force to make any real impact . 
  british army of the rhine has a nice ring to it . 
  is this the thing from a few weeks ago , or did they do it again ? 
  most of the ones that do that have never been outside of the country . 
  i think the first democratic one is in november . 
  fewer candidates to weed out so they do n't need to rush . 
  it 's easy to generalize , but it 's also inaccurate . 
  there 's a distinct divide between national politics and state and local politics . 
  elected officials in federal offices tend to be more centrist , they would n't get elected if they were n't . 
  i doubt he 'll make it very far . 
  it 's the other ones you have to worry about . 
  they 're all hopped up on jesus and nationalism . 
  he is the greatest iteration of the ugly american . 
  not that the other 16 people running for the republican nomination are much better ... 
  white zinfandel is an abomination . 
  sometimes i 'll bring wine to a friend 's house , but nobody there wants to drink wine . 
  ca n't let good grapes go to waste . 
  from a purely practical point of view , they have way too many nukes for me to want some kind of messy breakup . 
  the same issue comes up with pakistan . 
  when the vast majority of people refer to americans , they mean the united states . 
  if you 're being that ambiguous then bashing europe is popular among all of the 950-ish million residents of the americas . 
  it 's a canadian site . 
  the author talks about their canadian hometown in the first paragraph ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_post, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuru_ ( disease ), 
  you have been made a moderator of / r/murica . 
  i kind of want some of those stickers ... 
  we have a lot of parties , but only two of them are relevant . 
  aside from the language difference , are they very different culturally ? 
  i 've taken french so my basic knowledge of belgium has mostly covered the walloons .
