   not necessarily a good thing . 
  and in fact , some european governments are rolling out their own war on drugs . 
  the dutch government has gotten a lot tougher on drugs in recent years , because the synthetic drug market ( especially pills ) is becoming larger and more criminal ( abductions , shootings , dumping of chemicals used in production , et cetera ) . 
  i 'm shocked anyone with a brain can defend the war on drugs . 
  it 's done more damage to american society than any other policy decision in the last half century . 
  social equality , universal healthcare , no death penalty , no war on drugs , generally police are non-militarised and do n't shoot people , less gang culture , fewer guns , billion times better public transport , justice system , higher minimum wage , far more yearly vacation days , much better maternity and paternity leave , easier access to travel and to explore foreign countries , vastly richer historical and cultural heritage , much better consumer protection , better respect for human rights , better political systems ( proportional representation , less polarised partisanship , less money involved ) , better media ( still shit though , just less shit ) , fewer religious nutters , scientologists , climate change deniers etc , almost no influence of religion in politics ( at least in the uk ) , less patriotism . 
  those are just off the top of my head , reasons why i think europe is a far better place to love than america , especially for poor people , but also for the rich . 
  america certainly has some aspects in which life is better , but nowhere near enough to overcome what i listed above . 
  no-one said it 's a horrible savage place . 
  only that in many aspects it 's worse than many eu countries . 
  oh go away . 
  you think i care enough about a minor reddit discussion to chase up my brother and get proof lol ? 
  if you do n't believe me i do n't give a shit . 
  i have no agenda ( i want to remain in the eu ) . 
  you would need to ask him . 
  this was years ago . 
  i think there are arguments to be made not only about the level of employment , but the quality of the jobs and the pay/contract conditions . 
   they were always able to take these jobs not necessarily . 
  my brother ( a native brit ) was refused work in several places because he can not speak polish . 
  the other staff already employed in these places are mainly polish so they only wanted other poles . 
   now if we 're talking about air or sea we 'd trounce russia are you sure ? 
  based on what ? 
  the russian air force has 3x more planes ( and by last year  55 % were modern ) , 4x the personnel , and several times our number of airbases . 
  i do n't doubt the raf has on average better equipment and training but not to such an extent that it would compensate for their numbers . 
  the russian navy has 3.5 x more ships including a vast number of subs , 4x more personnel , and more naval bases . 
  again , the rn will be better ship for ship or man for man , but certainly not 4x better . 
  honestly in today 's world , missile and radar technology has advanced to the point where if two countries are even in the same ballpark in terms of military strength , and are separated by a body of water , it 's impossible for one to successfully invade the other . 
  we could never destroy russia and they could never destroy us . 
  any conflict we might be involved in would be smaller scale , and take place in one of russia 's neighbours such as ukraine or the baltics . 
  there , like you said , russia would have a massive advantage due to the proximity of their forces and air bases , and the overwhelming size of their ground troops . 
  you 've changed the goalposts . 
  we were talking about the uk or france individually vs russia . 
  not the whole of nato vs russia . 
  there is no way the uk or france could beat russia individually . 
  we 're not the hero europe deserves , we 're the one it needs right now . 
  gtfo then, 
  you come across like a condescending asshole . 
  yeah although the only ones i saw were a handful of 50-70yo men ... 
  just walked past this a few days ago . 
  dubrovnik is absolutely beautiful . 
  if you 've still got some time there , i recommend the island in the background of the photo ( lokrum ) . 
  really chilled atmosphere and not busy . 
  great place to chill with a book by the sea , and also feed some quite tame peacocks with small chicks . 
  not really . 
  england and eastern spain are both densely populated . 
  the population growth in africa is fucking insane , and is going to put so much strain on resources and natural habitats :(, 
   sure , but you can express tonality in a written system . 
  yeah , but even using [ pinyin ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pinyin ) with tone marks ( for example qi\u00e1n , qi\u0101n etc ) still leaves a lot of homophones . 
  the characters \u597d \uff0c \u53f7 \uff0c \u6d69 \uff0c and \u8017 ( and others ) are all pronounced h\u00e0o with the same tone . 
  for basic communication and high-frequency vocab i do think this could be managed , but for things like legal documentation or scientific literature , it just would n't work . 
   the main benefit that i 'm aware of in the written/spoken split in chinese is that written systems tend to change more-slowly than spoken ones . 
  a friend commented once that he could read 2500-year-old chinese writings ; i would have difficulty with 600-year-old english . 
  but , still , i do n't think i 'd take the tradeoff . 
  well , the characters have n't really changed for 1000s of years , it 's true , but before around the 20th century ( and [ this guy ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hu_shih ) ) everything written in chinese was done using the literary form of the language . 
  it 's only in recent decades that the vernacular form has been used . 
  literary chinese is very abbreviated and follows completely different rules of grammar . 
  even if your friend can speak modern chinese fluently , and recognise every character in 2,500 year old writings , he still would n't understand the actual meaning of the text . 
  a better example of this would be hebrew , where a modern israeli can literally just straight up read ancient documents because until the 20th century hebrew was pretty much only a language of study , and so did n't evolve naturally . 
  regarding the `` 4000 character '' point . 
  this is n't as hard as it sounds . 
  i 've learned almost 1000 characters in the last month studying only 1 hour each day . 
  for a school kid it does n't really take that much time . 
  but of course it 's still far more than it takes to learn the alphabet . 
   that may change . 
  i suspect that the same could have been said of japan in the 1970s , and now anime and manga are pretty well-known and they 've been a significant source of video games for some time . 
  true , but it ca n't be overstated how much damage the cultural revolution did to china . 
  basically their entire intellectual , educated and creative class was either killed or driven out of the country ( which is part of the reason overseas chinese tend to be wealthy ) , leaving behind a nation of mostly illiterate peasants . 
  their society has never fully recovered . 
  this , combined with oppression of freedom of speech , anti-competitive practices and lack of ip laws disincentivising innovation and creative arts , and a long-term cultural encouragement of conformism , combine to give the current situation . 
  i think if it does change , it 'll take at least several decades . 
   maybe people could make a written form of mandarin , but i think that the separate systems are actually a serious disadvantage for china . 
  it 's not really possible . 
  the language is entirely based around the characters . 
  for example \u94b1 ( money ) , \u524d ( before ) , \u5343 ( thousand ) , and \u6b20 ( to owe ) are all pronounced `` qian '' . 
  in spoken contexts they are distinguished by context and by the tone , but when written , the only way to distinguish them is that they use different characters . 
  tbh i do n't think the system is a big disadvantage for the chinese people themselves - they manage to learn it as children , and look at taiwan which is a very wealthy and developed country - but it certainly does discourage non-native speakers from learning it . 
  on the other hand it 's the characters which also give chinese its `` mystic '' appeal , which is a big reason some people are attracted to the language . 
  so maybe it balances out . 
   i agree on the idea that english is only pulling forward , but i would n't go quite as far as `` nothing '' . 
  i would wager that a nuclear world war iii involving russia , europe , and the us would put mandarin in a pretty strong position . 
  true . 
  mandarin is never going to happen , and i say that as someone who has been learning it as a 2nd language for 4 years . 
  the main reasons are : * china has basically zero soft power in developed countries . 
  no-one listens to chinese music , watches their films etc. 
  and this wo n't change because the bottom line is their modern cultural output just plain sucks , for the most part . 
  * it 's a retardedly difficult language to learn because of the writing system . 
  european languages are objectively easier . 
  * it 's too late . 
  nothing can stop english now . 
  chinese people are learning english in far larger numbers than westerners are learning chinese . 
  learning chinese may be a good career move , or just a good choice of hobby ( since it 's really fun and interesting to learn in my experience ) . 
  i 'm not trying to dissuade anyone from learning it , just disagreeing that it 's going to be a rival to english as a lingua franca . 
  actually it can . 
  huge areas of scotland , spain and many northern and eastern european countries are empty . 
  vienna is central europe , stockholm north . 
  it 's her or trump . 
  and i know which one of those most of the `` free world '' would prefer to follow . 
   there was no real reason to believe that syrian immigrants or such would have children that , in several decades , would turn into terrorists there was n't , but now there is . 
  i also did n't say anything about banning immigrants , or syrians . 
  many syrians are at least legitimate refugees .
