  all i 'm saying is we should be more selective in our criteria for granting immigration to citizens from demographics shown to have issues integrating and issues with extremism . 
   you are punishing innocent people reducing immigration is n't `` punishing '' prospective immigrants . 
  they have no fundamental human right to come here . 
  they only have a right to come if the uk decides to offer it to them . 
  removing that invitation is well within our rights as a sovereign state . 
  also , the current islamic terrorism is qualitatively different from the ira . 
  just reduce the number . 
  if there are fewer 1st gen immigrants there will obviously be fewer 2nd/3rd gen ones able to be radicalised . 
  me and 5 friends were planning to go to turkey for a week this summer but changed our minds about it , now we 're going to morocco instead . 
  the perception of america held by normal people around the world has changed hugely . 
  i thought you guys spoke spanish natively ? 
  what i said is written on your screen . 
  it 's not subjective . 
  you can go back and read it . 
  but i agree , this is a waste of time . 
  have a good day . 
   no one will ever invade western europe , unless the world is ending . 
  that 's not how power is gained anymore . 
  nuclear weapons have ended that period of our history . 
  i do n't know why you 're telling me this like i do n't know it . 
  i know no-one is going to invade western europe . 
  you 're the one who has been implying otherwise . 
   my core point was that militaries are n't just for fighting . 
  the deterrent and influence that comes with other countries knowing that you are the dominant military in the world is priceless . 
  yes . 
  but russia and china are not the dominant militaries in the world . 
  european countries combined together can more than compete with them , even without american support . 
   russia and china do n't need to conquer you militarily to conquer you . 
  what other method will they use to conquer europe ? 
  i 'm looking forward to your explanation . 
  if you mean `` culturally '' conquer then i could n't disagree more . 
  china has basically zero soft power and russia also has very little compared to the uk , france , germany and italy even individually , let alone combined . 
  or do you mean economically ? 
  that 's still not going to be the case . 
  cheap manufacturing will leave china to go elsewhere , and china will rebalance their economy towards domestic consumption ( or at least , that 's their plan , it remains to be seen whether or not they succeed ) . 
   ok , you support russia 's claim on crimea . 
  got it . 
  i did n't say that . 
  what 's your point here ? 
  i explained why in my opinion russia and china could not conquer europe , without nukes ( and not with them either ) and then you responded with `` nukes did n't stop them in ukraine '' . 
  you completely ignored the core part of my comment . 
  also , ukraine is not in the eu or nato and has never been an ally of the west . 
  it 's always been in russia 's sphere of influence , and the conflict there has been low-key and slow moving , with significant local sympathy for the russians ( whether you like to admit it or not ) . 
  it 's completely different to your scenario of a full scale combined arms invasion which europe would see coming weeks or months beforehand . 
  if russia was trying to conquer europe they would not be messing about with `` unmarked troops on vacation '' . 
  it would be hundreds of thousands of soldiers . 
  if you disagree with my reasoning then you should explain why , otherwise this `` discussion '' is a waste of time . 
  simply stating you disagree is useless . 
  even given 5o years to prepare , they still could not conquer europe . 
  i do n't think you understand how ridiculous it is to envisage millions of troops moving thousands of miles through central asia to europe . 
  or sailing round africa to spain in a `` surprise attack '' lol . 
  not even america could pull that off . 
  the only reason america could land significant forces in europe in ww2 was because the uk was available as a staging ground . 
  unless china had an allied country in europe and months to mass up troops , they could n't even attempt an invasion . 
  and even if that did occur , it would be completely obvious to everyone what they are doing , so europe would prepare appropriately . 
  besides , china has nothing to gain from this . 
  they 'd be worse off than they would be just sitting at home . 
  and china has never been expansionist ir imperialist beyond their immediate neighbours . 
  i explained already , even without nuclear weapons , russia would still fail . 
  did you even read the comment you replied to ? 
  and i have not complained about imperialist america . 
  i hate a lot of what you guys have done in the middle east and south america but i 'd still prefer you as the hegemon rather than russia or china , by far . 
  i agree . 
  yes , impossible . 
  china could n't do shit , they have no expeditionary capability . 
  russia could probably roll over most of eastern and southern europe but would get stretched out before hitting a shiteload of resistance in poland , vs combined polish/german troops , with the french and british joining too . 
  i highly doubt russia would even reach german soil . 
  obviously the above assumes no nukes . 
  if nukes are on the table , russia still could n't conquer europe . 
  because every single one of their major and minor cities would be vaporised by british and french nukes after which they 'd be in no position to invade anyone , even if europe was in the same state . 
  that 's only partly true . 
  territory has massive value still , in terms of natural resources but also strategic positions/areas , farmland etc. 
  not to mention the fact that the `` brains '' are contained within people , and people inhabit areas of land . 
  a transfer of territory from one state 's control to another is also a transfer of `` brains '' , tax revenue etc. 
  how did you come to the conclusion that territory does n't matter ? 
  source ? 
  we say it in scotland too . 
  yeah , you 're not wrong - china has an educated population and good infrastructure , a strong sense of entrepreneurship , and they place great value on education . 
  and gender equality is also pretty good . 
  we also have taiwan as proof that democracy and western-style institutions are not incompatible with traditional chinese culture . 
  the question is just - how much traditional chinese culture remains in the mainland , and how much has been erased or supplanted by the values and nationalistic ideology espoused by the communist party ? 
  i fear more of the latter than the former , at least in the area of politics , since the cultural revolution and the long-term controls placed on free flow of information and ideas . 
  the way china handles north korea , hong kong , taiwan and the south china sea will be key . 
  they have the opportunity to show the world they can be a responsible great power , reliable and considerate of the interests of their neighbours , in which case their counterbalance to the usa will be welcomed . 
  or alternatively they can continue as they have done before , basically being a bully and pushing their neighbours further away into the us sphere of influence . 
  i expect they will do the latter , sadly . 
  with respect , i completely disagree ( i have lived for 15 months in china ) . 
  their `` face '' culture essentially prevents them from ever recognising any mistakes or changing their stances on anything . 
  it 'll take an extremely traumatic event such as what happened in germany or japan to actually change their psyche . 
  absent that , the leading ideology in china is not communism , or capitalism etc , it 's nationalism . 
  in the minds of most chinese , china = the communist party = the chinese people . 
  if you criticise one then it is equivalent to criticising the others . 
  therefore , no-one can criticise the government since it provokes an emotional defense mechanism as if you had criticised the people personally . 
  without the ability to criticise one 's government or the systems by which one 's society functions , it 's impossible to make any progress by any popular means . 
  the only way progress can be made in china is if it 's driven directly by the party - like the rapid economic development that has occurred . 
  but the party went through with those reforms happily because they knew the results would benefit them . 
  political reforms would not benefit them , so the party will never implement them of their own accord , or willingly allow any popular movement to force them . 
  it will take a violent revolution . 
  which wo n't happen , considering the way the average chinese views things ( `` i just want to have a peaceful life and get rich , i do n't care about politics '' ) . 
  the only way china becomes a democracy is if they lose a major war horribly and their entire society is dismantled like japan 's was after ww2 .
