  there are so many times when a european watches an american film or reads an american news story and the events just seem ridiculous because they would never occur in europe , because of a culture differences . 
  like your politicians talking about god and chanting usausausa for example . 
  or all the shit in films about fraternities . 
  none of that happens here . 
  your comments in this thread really do make you come across as a bellend . 
  seems like you ca n't write a single post without mentioning how america is superior in some way . 
  feels like insecurity . 
   modern culture in countries like say ... germany is heavily derivative of american culture i 'm curious about this . 
  have you lived in germany ? 
  their culture is very different from america 's but you might not realise if you only have a very surface level knowledge of it . 
  same for all other european countries . 
  and lol at your use of the word `` derivative '' when the usa is literally derived from european colonists . 
  your culture is derived from ours because you literally are us . 
  in the modern world there is a `` world '' culture which we all share . 
  america has played a big part in shaping it but so has europe , and also japan . 
  you probably do n't realise how much of what you consider `` american '' culture is actually derived from elsewhere . 
  look at japan 's influence on video games , animation as well as things like emojis etc. 
  most of your `` american values '' are actually taken from those of the french revolution . 
  and look at the uk 's contribution to 20th century music : the beatles , led zeppelin , pink floyd , black sabbath , iron maiden , radiohead , oasis , queen , the rolling stones , deep purple , the who , dire straits , plus people like adele and elton john . 
  all of those are british . 
  you mightve heard of some of them . 
  did you know they were british ? 
  or did you assume most of them were american because their lyrics are in english ? 
  i agree we would side with greece , but we would never take istanbul from turkey . 
  it would cause a complete shitstorm and the turks would never forget it . 
   did they ? 
  to me it seems that the only people who want a soft brexit are remainers . 
  you 're saying there were zero leave voters who wanted a soft brexit ? 
  come off it mate . 
   lol , no thanks . 
  this is simply a way of trying to divide leave into two camps to try and force us to stay in the eu after we have already voted to leave , it 's a way to actually gauge what people want . 
  we 've had a referendum on eu membership but we have not had a referendum on eea membership . 
  yet on the basis of the first , we are being dragged out of both . 
  they are different entities and represent distinct choices , which should 've been reflected in the original referendum . 
  the reality is there are not two camps `` leave '' vs `` remain '' , there are three : `` leave eu and eea '' , `` leave eu but remain in eea '' , and `` remain in both eu and eea '' . 
  if you disagree with the above then you are quite clearly horrendously biased . 
  it 's simple fact . 
   where is the shitshow ? 
  all a-fucking-round us ? 
  have n't you been paying attention for the last few months ? 
  our country 's outlook is incredibly uncertain , and our government does n't have a clue what it 's doing . 
  we do n't have the skilled people to get trade deals negotiated in any reasonable timeframe . 
  the word `` shitshow '' also refers to the current state of affairs where 48 % of referendum voters are being completely ignored , and their opinions not even factored into the debate . 
  when you have a virtually split vote , you should include the losing side in dialogue and come to a compromise , otherwise it 's not democracy . 
  it 's tyranny of the majority . 
   people are happy they are getting what they voted for . 
  some people are happy . 
  many are not . 
  your phrasing implies that the leave vote was unanimous . 
  it was split 52:48 . 
  that 's , at minimum , 48 % of the population who are extremely * unhappy * . 
  it 's actually likely to be more than 48 % though since there will be a portion of leave voters who are regretting their votes now they 've found out everything they voted for was a lie . 
  ( nhs funding etc ) . 
  snoopers charter is a big one . 
  also how she is handling brexit . 
  she forging ahead with the most extreme option ( `` hard '' brexit ) despite many of the people who voted for brexit in the referendum actually wanting a soft brexit . 
  the only decent thing to do is to have another referendum with three options - soft/hard/remain . 
  it 's what the referendum should 've been in the first place . 
  well actually we should never have had one at all , it undermines the whole point in our representative democratic system and led to the current shitshow . 
  but if you 're gon na have a referendum , at least think carefully about how to construct it . 
  no scale on the y axis ?!, 
  y you do this to us ? 
  he 's wrong . 
  the general public perception of may is not `` generally very positive '' . 
  a huge proportion of the country , myself included , fucking hate her . 
  she may win the next election , but not because she 's liked . 
  she 'll win because there is no clear opposition . 
  he 's not talking about soldiers . 
  he 's talking about civilians . 
  until the average dude on the street in every eu country feels that close and identifies with every other , then a federal eu will remain a dream . 
  / r/shittyhdr it 's a nice castle though . 
  also my ancestors ' . 
   russia has been able to work out some agreements with china , but when you look at the amur border region , it 's basically china running businesses on russian territory , they are eating them alive . 
  do you have some sources regarding this ? 
  alcohol and drug abuse , and suicide . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  also are you 5 years old ? 
  you seem unable to converse like an adult . 
  and ? 
  literally everyone except them uses it . 
  are you going to claim the armenian genocide did n't happen , just because the turkish government does n't recognise the term ? 
  just because the irish and british governments do n't use it , has zero effect on what the term actually means . 
  it means what it means , whether you like it or not . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles anything else to add ? 
  it 's the accepted name of this island group and has been for thousands of years . 
  yeah he 's retarded . 
  ireland is one of the british isles as a geographical term but ive no idea why he thinks that has any connection to the monarchy , which is a political institution . 
  ... which together with smaller islets are grouped together as `` the british isles '' . 
  just get over it . 
  it 's not a political statement , it 's a geographical name . 
  it 's like canada being butthurt about being included in `` the americas '' just because there is a country called the usa , and telling everyone to call north america `` the usa , mexico and canada '' instead . 
  yes , the faces of many people are averaged together using a computer . 
  the average face tends to be very attractive - there have been studies done regarding this before . 
  not necessarily . 
  it depends what replaces it . 
  look at china and north korea , where personality cults in their leaders forcibly replaced traditional religion . 
  feelsbadman, 
  well , to me it does n't look imposing , it looks like whoever built it did it as cheaply as possible . 
  if you want imposing then classical style columns are far better , as well as being visually pleasing . 
  like this : http://s3.freefoto.com/images/1087/02/1087_02_6_web.jpg it 's in my hometown btw , edinburgh .
