   not interested in dominating nations on the far side of the globe no , but they are interested in dominating the nations around them ( eg . 
  taiwan , hong kong , south korea , phillipines ) . 
  i 'm not worried about china directly threatening europe but they are a huge threat to the people around them . 
  also , the chinese government 's values are pretty much diametrically opposed to the eu 's - they do not support democracy , freedom of speech , rule of law , free media etc. 
  as long as this remains the case , any partnership between china and the eu will be uneasy . 
  holy shit , in 2014 america 's median wealth was equal to greece 's . 
  that 's insane . 
  inequality in the us must be awful . 
  looks like we 've managed to find something we agree on at least . 
  how is that relevant to our current discussion ? 
  i see no connection at all . 
  we were talking about bad shit britain did to ireland when it still controlled it . 
  brexit has no relevance . 
  i and basically everyone i personally know voted remain , not that you care . 
  sadly the average brit does n't seem to be able to accept that our government is responsible for basically all the problems we have , and they prefer to blame everything on the eu . 
  once we 've left , when they see no magical improvement in their lives , they 'll look for something else external to blame , no doubt . 
  meanwhile the tory party have no meaningful opposition cos labour are busy being irrelevant , ukip have vanished now they 've won their single issue , and no-one will vote for the lib dems cos they 're `` a wasted vote '' or `` but tuition fees '' . 
  makes me sad . 
  edit : also it 's true that people voted for brexit , you have to remember that the majority made their decision based on headlines they read in tabloid newspapers , which obviously have their own agenda . 
  the kinda of disinformation they published was disgusting ( telling people we had to leave because turkey will join soon and millions of turks will flood in etc etc ) . 
  absolute horseshit to anyone who has a clue , but unfortunately 90 % of people have no clue . 
  you brought up the great famine . 
  that was well over a hundred years ago . 
  and anyway , i wasnt born in the 70s either . 
  im no more responsible for those paratroopers ' actions than you are . 
  hell , even if british were shooting irish * today * i would still have no responsibility and you would still be completely unjustified in calling me imperialist . 
  britain is a country of 65million different people , not a monolithic bloc that makes decisions together unanimously . 
  the actions of people hundreds of years ago do n't excuse you treating british people badly today just because of their nationality . 
  you 're still an asshole . 
  i 've met about 10 irish people and they were all great until you , so i know the reason you 're an asshole is n't because you 're irish . 
  you 're just , personally , an asshole , unfortunate as that may be . 
  is that all you have to say ? 
  good night then . 
  maybe one day you 'll learn to treat people like fellow human beings without prejudging them because of their nationality . 
  but based on our discussion , i do n't have much hope for you . 
   it 's political term ascribed to a geographical situation . 
  are you dense ? 
  i 've already explained very clearly why it 's not a political term . 
  ireland is one of the british isles . 
  great britain is also one of the british isles . 
  great britain is in a political union with northern ireland and this entity is referred to as the uk of gb & ni . 
   only british imperialists use it . 
   as a fanboy of imperialism i know you must find it hard i 've already explained my views on the political situation in ireland . 
  which aspect of them do you interpret as imperialist ? 
  if you think everyone who uses the term `` british isles '' including ireland is an imperialist , you are quite frankly retarded . 
  i ca n't emphasise enough how little the average brit even cares about ireland , let alone gives enough of a fuck to desire to conquer it . 
  ireland is viewed the same as places like iceland . 
  it 's just another nearby country which is n't really relevant to our daily lives . 
  ( obvious exception is british people living in ni but they 're a tiny portion of the uk 's overall population ) . 
   those who survived repeated attempts to extirpate the irish identity use our own geographical terms . 
  you can use whatever terms you want . 
  neither i nor anyone else have told you what term * you * should use . 
  you are the one being passive agressive about the terminology other people are using . 
   you did come close in the 19th century when you halved the native irish populace . 
  i did n't come close to anything in the 19th century because i did n't even exist in the 19th century . 
  but this is what it all boils down to really - you do n't regard me as `` a person '' , you regard me as `` a brit '' , ever since the moment you saw the flag in my flair . 
  you hold me responsible for things that people from the same patch of land i was born on did to people hundreds of years ago on the same patch of land you were born on . 
  it 's genuinely sad . 
  the reason the british treated the irish so badly is because they regarded them as different from themselves . 
  it 's exactly what you 're doing to me . 
  you do n't care what i actually have to say , you have already made up your mind about what my opinions are , because you know i 'm british , so why bother listening to me , right ? 
  us brits are all imperalists/racist/whatever other term you want . 
   its entirely obvious that britain is n't irish and ireland is n't british no it 's not . 
  take away all the people , all the roads , all trace of humanity from the uk and ireland and you will find there 's no difference between the two . 
  we both inhabit the same archipelago of islands . 
  there is a clear difference between the political and cultural constructs of the uk and ireland , but these are man-made entities . 
  the term `` british isles '' describes a geographical entity , and geographically speaking ireland and the uk are naturally categorised together . 
  what aspect of this are you finding so hard to understand ? 
  the country of great britain is named so after the geographical name of the largest of the british isles . 
  you seem to be under the impression that the geography is named after the country . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  geographically speaking , ireland is british . 
  if that upsets you it only demonstrates your ignorance about what the word `` british '' means in different contexts . 
   only someone with an imperial agenda would insist otherwise . 
  do n't be a retard , and also do n't do n't ad hominem please . 
  i believe in self determination , if ni wants to join the republic then i wish them the best . 
  likewise if the republic wants to be a separate country from the uk ( which obviously they do ) then i have no opposition to it . 
  neither does the rest of the uk . 
  there 's no problem between our countries unless people like you go looking for one . 
  the uk and british people have no imperial agenda towards ireland . 
  the british isles include ireland . 
  sorry if you do n't like that , but that 's how it is . 
  just like china is butthurt about the `` sea of japan '' and france about the `` english channel '' . 
  these are all accepted terms and getting butthurt over them is pointless . 
  they 're just sounds that represent concepts . 
  when people include ireland in `` the british isles '' they are n't trying to make a political statement . 
  it 's just a useful geographical term . 
  you guys are your own country and will stay that way , and no one is trying to say that should n't be the case . 
  so no reason to be so belligerent . 
  all the other guy did was use the term as it has always been defined . 
  you are the one who is trying to tell use we should change the definition of it to suit your agenda . 
  sorry , i 'll keep using the term that everyone understands . 
  it only really shows that big cities are important . 
  pretty sure we knew that anyway . 
  a simple gdp would be a much better illustration of that . 
  think about how we feel about our fellow countrymen :( . 
  and how the americans must feel about theirs, 
  sounds more natural if you move the \u7684 \u3002 like this : ... \u662f\u6cd5\u56fd\u6700\u597d\u7684\u57ce\u5e02 i 'm only an intermediate learner though ( hsk4 ) so meh . 
  i 'm not disagreeing that the usa has more cultural power than any other country . 
  i 'm disagreeing that the culture of europe is just a derivative of it .
