  most beautiful city i 've ever seen , simply because it 's quite intact and lacks shitty brutalist/modernist buildings . 
  of course , there is no point in arguing over this since it 's completely subjective . 
  but i 'm just surprised to see someone who actually likes brutalism haha , i 've never met anyone before who does . 
  seriously , you think the first picture looks nice ? 
  i ca n't imagine a more depressing place to live . 
  the `` before '' picture in the last pair looks quite recent ... when did that demolition occur ? 
  romanians are n't slavs . 
  so they should be western europe , right ? 
  czech rep. should be definitely be central . 
  his accent sounds south african , not british . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there are millions of them still living in central america . 
  40 % of guatemala 's population of 16million are maya . 
  so my question stands ... where is the maya civilisation ? 
  the answer is that it was basically completely supplanted , in exactly in the same way that egypt 's was . 
  which was the point i made that you disagreed with that started this debate . 
  do you think the mayan civilisation still exists too ? 
  but the ancient egyptian civilisation was completely supplanted . 
  it does n't matter if the people are mostly descended from them . 
  the civilisation was wiped out . 
  the communists in china did a pretty good job of the same thing but some elements of traditional chinese culture still survive . 
  not at all . 
  greeks are part of a continuous civilisation . 
  so are the chinese and japanese and various african nations . 
  not in ppp , which is what this map displays . 
  the current country of egypt has basically no relation to the ancient egyptian civilisation . 
  you 're completely correct . 
  he 's being an idiot . 
  top 3 would be greece , italy and france . 
  what does that graph show ? 
  i do n't understand french . 
  right but that 's just `` mountain sheep/goat '' . 
  the point is that \u7f8a is both . 
  in normal conversation it means sheep but if you 're talking to a goat farmer he will use it to talk about his goats . 
  \u7f8e is composed of \u7f8a and \u5927 . 
  so big sheep = beautiful . 
  note : \u7f8a also means goat . 
  it 's both . 
  ireland should 've had the uk flag , for maximum triggering . 
  i 'm not trying to prove anything and i do n't need to . 
  you 're the one who made the claim so the burden of proof is on you . 
  you claimed that the death of the conservative party is in progress . 
  seems a pretty bold claim to me , since they 've existed for hundreds of years . 
  20 years ago in 1997 labour won a massive landslide . 
  the `` labour biased '' generations on your graph were n't even eligible to vote at that time . 
  where do you think those votes came from ? 
  only way to be sure is to do a survey of old people and see how they have voted over all the elections in their lives . 
  not sure if something like that has been done , but i 'd be very interested to see it . 
  you 're assuming that when people get older their politics do n't change . 
  :( that sucks . 
  cold and rainy here in the uk too, 
  yeah i was interested to see how russia will be affected . 
  i assume similar to the baltics/scandinavia . 
  maybe your pronunciation is bad ? 
  maybe it 's fine though . 
  sometimes they just ca n't mentally process a white guy speaking chinese to them . 
  happened to me many times . 
  3 in 2 months . 
  this fucking sucks . 
  aww . . now kith, 
  fuck you, 
  it 's sad , but i do n't think people regard turkey as european . 
  seems further than ever . 
  i do n't feel your country shares in the common values of europe . 
  i know many people do ( in fact every turk i 've met has been awesome ) but your government and rural population have fucked you hard . 
  it should 've stayed serbian . 
  nato could 've dropped a few bombs to make the serbs calm down , and then help with peacekeeping . 
  but forcefully carving out a piece of sovereign serbian territory , especially one with such historical and cultural significance to the serbian people and state , is pretty insane . 
  i know that humans and fish can coexist peacefully . 
  why were you there lol ? 
  coventry is famously shit . 
  it 's a real shame , it used to be a lovely historic town pre-ww2 . 
  same for a lot of british cities - and it was the retarded architectural and urban planning ideas of the 60 's that did more damage than the nazis , to be honest . 
  china and russia do not have 5th gen fighters . 
  they 're in development . 
  europe also has the f35 . 
  it 's not that europe is behind the curve , it 's just america is ahead of everyone . 
  if turkey were to fight a war with greece , russia would 99 % sure be on the greek side , not the turkish side . 
  no , indyref would be voting for leaving the uk without knowing what the uk 's situation relative to the eu will be ( we only know what the tories want , not what will actually happen ) . 
  it does n't make sense to do that until the brexit terms are clear . 
  i actually think it 's a good time for an election . 
  now the parties have to make clear their stance on brexit and the people will then vote for them accordingly . 
  i 'll be voting lib dem because they 're the only party that actually opposes it . 
  now that every tory voter knows what the tories plan to do ( hard brexit no matter the cost ) people can vote from a position of knowledge . 
  i 'm scottish , and i despite theresa may , but i actually agree with her . 
  now is not the time for another referendum on scottish independence . 
  better to wait until the terms of brexit are known . 
  it was a [ joke ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/joke ) . 
  we 'll give them to argentina if the population votes for it . 
  he was talking about the eu , not the continent . 
  are you dense ? 
  no , just cos people keep repeating something does n't mean it will be true . 
  people think the same trend will apply to china that happened in the soviet union and other authoritarian regimes in the past . 
  there 's no proof this will be the case . 
  china is very different from the soviet union - it has been unified far longer , has very different culture and history , and the chinese government has seen what happened to the soviet union and learned how to avoid it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible for china to democratise , i 'm just saying that expecting it to be inevitable is very naive . 
  personally , i do n't think i 'll live to see it . 
  certainly not peacefully . 
  the only way it could happen , in my opinion , would be if china loses a war catastrophically against the us , and the us occupies it to assist a return to control by the taiwanese ( roc ) government . 
  but that is also incredibly unlikely .
