i hope you are right . 
  you mean like 1 million per year plus lots of babies ? 
  cos that 's what is happening . 
  i 've no idea why people like jfk . 
  is it just that they feel sorry he got assassinated ? 
  you 've never made any comments about putin ? 
  it 's easy to not care who other countries elect when it does n't affect you . 
  but because of america 's tendency to intervene around the world , it very much is relevant to us who your president is . 
  york , edinburgh and the scottish highlands are in my opinion the places most worth checking out aside from london . 
  however , if you 're only gon na be in the uk for less than a week , i recommend just sticking to london because there 's a lot to see there . 
  you could always do a day trip to cambridge , which is lovely . 
  those predictions are from before the recent wave of immigration though . 
  he said `` advanced and powerful '' . 
  in terms of cultural power germany and italy are certainly below the uk . 
  i make no statement about the relative advancement of the cultures . 
  they do n't get sent to camps for not defending china either , if that 's what you meant . 
  fair enough . 
  politically the uk vs germany is an interesting comparison . 
  we have nukes , greater force projection and very wide reaching ties as a relic of the empire , but germany basically calls the shots for the eu . 
  beyond a certain distance from europe , the uk certainly has more clout . 
  it 's nothing to do with that . 
  no-one gets sent to camps in the uk yet people behave in exactly the same way . 
  it 's simple nationalist defensiveness . 
  germany ? 
  perhaps militarily and culturally but not economically or politically . 
  i dont think this is uniquely british . 
  chinese are the same - amongst themselves they will privately shit all over their country and other chinese people but if a foreigner says something negative , they 'll all rally defensively . 
  it 's not like other nations are less advanced or powerful though . 
  our formula works for us but that does n't mean it 's any better . 
  it 's also like 80 % funded by the us . 
  ireland would basically implode . 
  pretty sure edinburgh has that moniker too . 
  you can walk over it on top , i 've done it . 
  but only at set times led by a guide . 
  at the mid level you can cross freely . 
  not really . 
  there were other people that lived in that land before it became part of china . 
  that 's the retarded thing about `` historical possession '' the cpc likes to go on about ... they only look back far enough to see the chinese ownership but refuse to look back any further before that to when others owned it . 
  do the majority of chechnyans actually want to leave though ? 
  or is it just a minority ? 
  for centuries china and india were the richest parts of the world . 
  or look at ireland - for hundreds of years it was extremely poor and deprived compared to the uk , but now they are actually richer and have higher human development index . 
  point is , countries rise and fall , and it 's short-sighted to say east europe is doomed to be forever poor . 
  why would poland selling cheese to russians be an american cultural victory ? 
  pretty sure cheese as we know it in europe is french in origin . 
  yeah but in this survey it did n't ask about regular reading , or reading vs tv . 
  it just asked if you read 1 book in 12 months . 
  what 's problem with warren buffet ? 
  has n't he donated billions to charity , ? 
  chekov and yuri, 
  it 's a pretty common name though, 
  the fundamental principles of modern europe are derived from you guys ( french revolution ) . 
  liberty , equality , fraternity and all that . 
  i 'm not sure how aware of it the average brit is though . 
  the positive opinion of french is probably based more on the fact we all travel to your country a lot , and croissants and baguettes are awesome . 
  considering how tiny and remote nz is , i hear it mentioned disproportionately often . 
  it 's not normal among people i know . 
  leccy and bricky are terms used by people employed in those types of jobs or other ` working class ' people . 
  you will basically never hear a doctor or lawyer ( or most other university grads ) using those terms . 
  lots of british slang is used only be specific social classes ( for example posh people calling rugby `` ruggers '' ) , and there are big regional differences too . 
  two people from glasgow could have a full conversation with each other using glaswegian slang and someone from london may have no idea what they are saying . 
  the left is not dying . 
  corbyn has brought in a huge number of young people into politics , and leftist policies like renationalisation of infrastructure have reentered public debate again . 
  he 's done great . 
  problem is , he is overstaying his welcome . 
  he 's never going to be pm because he 's unelectable and he would n't make a good one anyway . 
  he needs to step aside . 
  having said that , he still deserves credit for revitalising the leftism in the uk . 
  it 's not dying , it 's just currently unelectable . 
  bugger . 
  most large european cities were ruined to varying extent :( london used to be really beautiful too until half of it was blown up . 
  that 's glorious, 
  and you forgot the best one - the natural history museum . 
  for people who might not understand , this is a reference to the pc game `` portal '', 
  why do they need blue water capability to invade taiwan ? 
  it 's just a short hop across the strait . 
  do you think the normandy landings used only blue water vessels ? 
  like cyprus ? 
  used to be the greatest city in the world . 
  now look at it :(, 
  it 's not a risk to the alliance . 
  all it means is that turkey can do whatever it wants and no country will be crazy enough to try to stop them . 
  that in itself is undesirable though . 
  we should be taking a much tougher stance against erdogan 's bullshit . 
  i 'll remind you of the comment that you challenged me to defend - this is what i said : `` no-one said it 's a horrible savage place . 
  only that in many aspects it 's worse than many eu countries . '', 
   honestly , i do n't see why this should be an employer 's problem . 
  i did n't say it 's anyone 's problem . 
  it 's just an aspect in which life in europe is superior . 
   you white supremacist , you . 
  is this sarcasm ? 
  you ca n't honestly claim that america has anywhere near the same amount of historical and cultural places/objects of interest . 
   subjective . 
   another nebulous term . 
  what about the justice system ? 
  here in the netherlands , over a million serious crimes are committed each year but only a quarter of them lead to a succesful investigation and/or a conviction . 
  and even when convicted , serious criminals ( like several cologne perpetrators ) are immediately released anyway . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd call this justice - at least the americans set out to punish criminals , not let them run rampant . 
  your first mistake is mistaking the word `` justice '' means the same as `` punishment '' . 
  when you figure out the difference , then you 'll naturally understand why the us justice system is utterly shameful .
