  i mean i knew reddit would eat up the institutions ' attempts at making enemies out of the greeks but not to this level of delusion . 
  what is toxic masculinity ? 
  italy is an economic powerhouse , even if they probably are n't in their best shape right now . 
  also most of sweden 's territory is completely devoid of any significant population . 
  how the fuck are they going to smuggle a nuclear bomb into the us ? 
  or do you expect isis to develop intercontinental ballistic technology in a decade ? 
  isis is terrible enough without needing to pile up unreasonable hysteria on top of it . 
  it would be funny if it had n't happened before . 
  if i were greece i would simply let them go where they want to go . 
  why would i put money down to keep them in a place they do n't want to be ? 
  they want to get to germany ? 
  great , germany 's problem . 
  force new elections in greece right now like that and watch syriza attain an absolute majority . 
  or force greece out of the eu first and see how the result is much more favourable to you if your goal happens to be `` remove the filthy leftists from power '' . 
  the people on the commission may be crooks but they are n't political imbeciles . 
   why should the north continue to pay the pensions and social services of a country that refuses to take the tough steps necessary to fix it 's economic mess ? 
  because voters have rejected this approach to the problem . 
  `` oh but you ca n't vote for other people to give you money '' . 
  that 's such a bullshit argument because nobody is claiming that . 
  the voters have blocked the continuation of what they perceive as failed austerity measures . 
  the greek government thus tries to negotiate different conditions . 
  if the lenders prove unreasonable then i believe they should call for new elections . 
  default on the imf debt , negotiate with the reasonable creditors then . 
  advocates for beating other people due to small theft . 
  checks out . 
  that 's not at all what i see happening in the video . 
  they make very little effort to restrain them , seem more interested in beating them . 
  i can understand why a thief would make anyone see red but really that is no excuse . 
  justice is not to be exercised by the victims . 
  in my experience those who generalize against a group of people are generally those who have little contact with said group . 
  case in point : pegida being strongest in the areas with fewest migrants . 
  then restrain her and call the police . 
  petty theft does n't give you the right to beat the criminal . 
  at least not where i live . 
  edit : seems like the stormfront brigade swept through . 
  btw street workers is an euphemism for prostitute in some places in portugal . 
  i wish reddit would stop circlejerking over this already . 
  it was not that big of a deal in portugal and we barely talk about it . 
  states are n't people and states are n't corporations . 
  you ca n't impose long periods of austerity on a nation based on previous debt . 
  it is not reasonable . 
  you of all nationalities should know this . 
  people will eventually vote the austerity supporters out , mainly because the majority is being punished for something they were not complicit in and saw no benefit from ( the oligarchs got most of the benefit , not the middle and working class ) . 
  they did it in greece , and they did it in another country in europe . 
  if this scotsman means that pharmacies ca n't refuse to open in certain areas effectively leaving the people without ability to get medicine , i for one welcome our new scottish overlords . 
  we ca n't just put our faith in some godlike being or concept that will make it all be good if we just let everything happen without regulation . 
  on a scale of 1 to 10 how triggered do you feel about people calling out a shitty sentiment for being shitty ? 
  ok then , men are more aggressive and act more irritably when under duress . 
  they pose a danger to the safety of the researchers . 
  ban them from the lab . 
  why does n't he understand humor well ? 
  ca n't you see his comment is just a joak ? 
  men do tend to murder a lot more than women though . 
  watch as reddit dissolves into unfettered rage as i call for all men to be banned from labs for the safety of the researchers . 
  so it seems you are not getting your money back here . 
  congratulations , your boneheaded refusal to acknowledge reality resulted in a lose lose situation . 
  the greecephobia be strong on this thread . 
  archiving for when someone tells me everyone in this subreddit is completely in favour of the greeks and how disgusting the pro greek circlejerk is . 
  the joys of globalisation . 
  race your salaries and worker rights to the bottom , or else . 
  nice job bringing up godwin 's law when you were the first one to dismiss them because `` communist '' . 
  always a sure sign someone has no proper arguments to bring to the debate :-), 
  he was the one referring to it as a mercedes , not me . 
  i was just proving the analogy was silly because states should totally behave like people when it comes for finances when it fits with the neolib narrative of `` give us the choiciest slices of your public patrimony for cheap '' , but not at all when it comes to actually making sensible choices . 
  it 's kinda cute how you seem to believe any significant part of your money actually ever reaches athens . 
  what your analogy does n't factor is that if in the future greece tries to take its mercedes back it will be called a tyrannical communist country . 
  in the cult of the neolibs you can always privatise but nationalizing is a sin against the sacrosanct capital . 
  if you want to have a decent probability of getting your money back why are you demanding economy crushing austerity that all but guarantees a third , fourth and so on bailouts ? 
   i ensure you that i wish greece any every greek person the best for the future how can you do that and at the same time support those who impose measures that guarantee that there is no future ? 
  if i were a greek i would not be willing to take all of this in order to pay off national debt , i 'd rather default . 
  oh well , my bad . 
  goes to show how propaganda can really be effective if you are not paying attention . 
  hope you guys manage to shake off corruption !, 
  here in portugal we are set to elect the the party of a now arrested under suspicion of corruption ex prime minister !, 
  is n't podemos already caught in corruption scandals ? 
   in a negotiation , both parties cede grounds the very definition of a negotiation . 
  if one party has not ceded any grounds they did n't negotiate at all , they acquiesced to demands . 
   this is what i 'm talking about , now the eurozone does n't want to negotiate . 
  a year back they did but the previous governments were too slavish to try . 
  that 's an excuse and not a good one . 
  syriza never said the eurozone was willing to negotiate . 
  it was unknown if they were willing or not since political negotiations never took place . 
  at this point you seem to be doing justice to your username . 
   there is no mandate . 
  a government ca n't have a mandate on what to do with other countries ' money . 
  syriza and anel lied to everyone 's faces and they keep lying to them while their voters cheer them on . 
  it 's quite pathetic . 
  a government can have a mandate to seek a better deal , which is what syriza has . 
  if the other side proves to be completely unreasonable , that is hardly syriza 's fault . 
  also i fail to see how exactly they `` keep lying '' . 
  they seeked a fair deal , a more than fair deal for eurozone . 
  in your unbridled diatribe against syriza you manage to simultaneously blame it for ceding too much and for not ceding at all . 
  if i were to descend to your level i would call it quite pathetic . 
   the point of those bad deals could only have been to `` kick greece out of the eurozone '' , much like the point of this deal is according to you do n't put words in my mouth please . 
  the point of those bad deals for the eurozone was to cover its ass from the monumental shitstorm that would have been a 2010 grexit . 
  the eurozone does n't want to negotiate , which is it 's prerogative . 
  in doing so they leave little chance for anything but new elections in greece with an austerity government put back in place or a default . 
   ceding ground is treasonous according to the government parties . 
  in a negotiation , both parties cede grounds . 
  has far as i can see syriza is actually the first party to actually try to negotiate anything in respect to the debt crisis .
