  every day i rage a little bit imagining all that is being stolen from me and my hard work being put in the pocket of some fucking capitalist leech who never understood the meaning of working hard . 
  you love this suicide cult so much why do n't i see you applying it to your own country ? 
  ** they charge high interest because lending is risky . 
  if there is no risk and we are always forced to pay then how the fuck can they morally justify the high interest ? 
  answer me that austerity cultists . 
  i 'm not about to be bled dead in the interest of paying an unpayable debt through austerity plans that keep the debt rising . 
  i can see through the scheme and peek at the endgoal here . 
  austerity needs not make sense or be humane . 
  there are numbers to be crunched . 
  beef producers neet not feed themselves . 
  you eventually get over your hangover . 
  austerity just keeps on demanding more austerity until there 's no more money to extract out of the working class and they are literally paying for working ( hint : its happening right now in portugal ) . 
  edit : fast finger on the downvote trigger austerity cultists . 
   maybe a fine you do n't fine sovereign countries . 
  go check up the meaning of sovereignty . 
  disgraceful . 
  and if we disobey what are you going to do ? 
  invade us like the pseudo-tyrants you are revealing yourselves to be . 
  i used to be pro-eu but nowadays i say - not even a single inch more . 
  you truly illustrate the eloquence of the average golden middle centrist . 
  meat and fish are 23 percent in grrrce ... 
  guess they can eat brioche ? 
  you dont need to take my word for it , to look up what the rules are . 
  all humans have the same basic human rights when they are in europe and in every country that calls itself civilized and they are all worth exactly the same . 
  it is n't enough to put `` objectively '' behind a lie to make it true . 
  but muh federalization i guess . 
  i do n't like my country being ordered to do things by institutions where my countries opinion matters very little . 
  we are a sovereign nation . 
  nobody can order us around . 
  we take the actions we want to take and if you want us to do something , well , we are open to negotiation . 
  you simply do n't order a sovereign nation to do anything . 
  you do not have that authority . 
  take your orders and shove them up your ass eu , right next to where you shoved the definition of sovereign countries . 
  edit : oh no i criticised the cult . 
  and bpn which was filled to the brim with psd connected people . 
  greece would like to `` save '' some more of your money . 
  how do you feel about that ? 
  same thing psd did . 
  the reason psd gave not to approve pec4 and consequently throw down the ps government was that : `` enough is enough , this is too much '' and they campaigned on a moderately strong anti austerity campaign . 
   keeps on generating more revenue over time and when you ca n't raise taxes anymore for humanitarian reasons or because the people got so fed up they elect yet another anti-austerity radical party ? 
  what then ? 
  psd , the party currently in power , has been alternating power with ps for the last 40 years . 
  while psd tries hard to put the entire blame on ps and vice-versa its very obvious for the general population that the fault lies in both parties . 
  they also happen to be full of corruption , including an ex-pm who is currently arrested ( no accusation yet so i ca n't tell you exactly why but its got to do with corruption ) and the current pm is also involved in very shady deals . 
  an ex-minister of psd who quit for `` unrelated reasons '' is also suspect of fraud in the golden visas scandal . 
  the alternatives are less than credible right now . 
  makes about as much sense as half of the austerity measures imposed on the so called pigs . 
  germany ` may consider ' facing reality . 
  eventually . 
  after some more rounds of austerity just to check if 5th time 's the charm . 
  first 50 , now 65 , next time it will be 107 % i 'm sure . 
  torture the numbers long enough and they will confess to how truly awful the entirety of the generic group of people you irrationally hate are . 
  he posted some of that sweet stormfront.avi, 
  apparently the sky is going to fall down or something . 
  people seem to be practising some sort of ritual that deviates from western standards of normalcy . 
   unreliable source tag as if that ever stopped a hearty stormfront fueled hatejerk here at / r/europe, 
  which is why it is ridiculous to say that islam can have no part in politics and that the very idea of it having a part in politics somehow offends secularism . 
  turns out generalizing is great until your culture is the one being generalized against . 
  also you forgot the word `` some '' behind `` muslims '' . 
  it 's cute how you almost draw the conclusion that maybe just maybe they are n't commiting suicide but then you realize that would shatter your precious view of the world and just conclude its taking slightly longer than expected . 
   we fought hundreds of years to achieve our secularism and ~ ~ we 're just letting islam walk in like they own the place all in the name of ` tolerance ' . ~ ~ the ruling party in the most important country of the eu has christian on its name . 
  if what happened last summit was any example of what the euro zone government would look like : i 'll never want any part in it . 
  most of the measures imposed on greece have nothing to do with entreperneurship or startups or whatever the neolib propaganda machine happens to be glorifying atm . 
  debt relief conditional on whether the greek government destroys any chances for growth . 
  thank you merkel . 
  i 'm not greek . 
  and if the greeks are happy being led by a double tongued snake who does n't matter being a lackey to the institutions , as the polls seem to indicate , who am i to disagree ? 
   i did not exactly like the ` plan ' of a temporary grexit by mr. sch\u00e4uble , however the suggestion alone completely stripped the greek government of their only bargaining tool . 
  you can not work with the threat of a grexit if the other side is not afraid of it . 
  i do n't think anybody took that idea seriously apart from schauble . 
  i do n't think tsipras lost much sleep over what schauble says is his personal opinion . 
  his negotiation was with the govt leaders of the other countries , that the eurozone finmins summit would solve nothing was pratically assured and known from the start . 
   ) he kept on delaying substantial bailout talks for 5 months . 
  yet , he gained nothing from the delaying tactics . 
  nice one , i laughed . 
  oh wait you are actually serious . 
  you 're too late by about 7 years . 
  when did ideology become a dirty word ? 
  every party has an ideology !, 
  and propaganda surely is a part of politics ? 
  it 's also easy to demand more austerity when its not your country . 
  let me also throw a passive aggressive smiley there :  this line of thought is childish . 
  the debt can not be repaid and if it is your money then all the more necessary it becomes for you to acknowledge reality rather than live in fantasy land where you can just impose some magic fairy tale austerity measures and solve everything by the power of morality . 
  any problems with diseases and such that someone visiting finland should consider ? 
   are you arguing people have a right to break laws they feel unjust ? 
  of course they do.that much is self evident , it 's how revolutions have taken place since pretty much forever . 
  or would you argue that people had no right to support for example the carnation revolution ? 
  because that broke pretty much half the articles of the portuguese constitution at the time . 
  and got rid of it entirely afterwards , writing a completely new constitution . 
   we have this common notion that the state has a right to enforce its policy ( backed by violence ) on the populace , whether they consent or not . 
  the state enforced policy on its populace based on support from a majority . 
  saying that the states have a right to impose any policy violently is very , very problematic and not a common notion at all . 
  have you heard of civil disobedience ? 
  brazil is not of the eu . 
  regulation is of the devil , amirite fellow capitalists ? 
  more than enough money is earned in greece to assure a dignified life to all . 
  not enough money is earned to assure a luxurious life to some at the same time , though . 
  you also have to understand that when someone in a country like greece ( and actually also portugal ) loses his job at age 60 he 's not very likely to ever find employment again : he faces two choices , he either registers as unemployed and gets benefits for a limited amount of time - about 2 years at most , with decreasing payment as time goes by , or he retires early , at a ( fairly hefty in portugal ) penalty . 
  no chance for a division of syriza to emerge ? 
  or maybe the people will return to nd ?
