  democracy would suck if those with less representation and less voters imposed their will on the other parties . 
  yes , but you are entitled to things because you just randomly happened to be born in a specific country that is wealthy ( and the history of how that country is wealthy actually can be traced to historic events that unfolded in many war-torn countries and that still impact those countries today ) . 
  if you studied hard you could have gone to medicine school . 
  no matter how hard someone works he ca n't be born somewhere else . 
  it 's kinda funny to think of angela going all `` i do n't want to but the eu is forcing me ! '' . 
  of all the countries these excuse could be used on , germany has to be the most hilarious . 
  either that or the fact that spain and probably portugal entering the war would have made allied victory in the ww2 that much more difficult . 
  a stalemate could have occured that would benefit no one and could have allowed hitler to take the soviet union . 
  well , given how the war went i think if we can be glad of something franco did we should be glad of the extortionate demands . 
  both those of us who happen to live in the iberian peninsule and those who do n't . 
  some graphic design people say the colour combination is bad but i quite like it , probably because i 'm used to it . 
  it 's surprising how much this matter is talked on reddit and completely ignored by everyone else . 
  that is your interpretation . 
  again i do n't think it 's very easy to construct their result as a loss from any unbiased point of view . 
  and the politics of paf end when there are no companies to privatise and no more benefits to cut ? 
  well they should n't be saying they lost when they managed to increase their share of the vote , should they ? 
  let us see if it is an option at all , and let us see if it wrecks the country or not . 
  if the goal of the country was merely to service debt i would agree with you . 
  unfortunately budget cuts also bring with them irreperable human damages , frequently exacted upon the weakest and the poorest . 
  and they also mean that our youth is leaving . 
  that is simply not feasible . 
  ideally we would n't put ourselves in the hands of a bunch of people who will jack up the interest rate indiscriminetely when they feel it is time to bleed some cash out of us and buy a few lucrative state-owned companies on the cheap . 
  well , budget cuts are useless if they will cripple the future of the country . 
  everything must be carefully considered and every option put on the table . 
  but at the same time it makes it very expensive to buy natural resources from the outside , which do not abound in portugal . 
  so we 'd mostly have to revert to exporting very cheap goods such as wheat and even that requires oil to produce efficiently . 
  i think you are overestimating how much a novo escudo would devalue . 
  it would be pratically worthless . 
  that would be a paradigm shifting change and would require specific policies to guarantee that nobody can simply buy those worker-free means of production and use them to hold wealth away from the majority of the population . 
  some forms of unconditional wages have been discussed . 
  automation is bad if the automatons are controlled by private people for their own products and everyone else must pay for these products with the wealth they now ca n't get because all the wealth producing fell in the hands of a few people . 
  meh , it would be a very weak currency and we would still face a lot of other mostly unsolveable economic issues . 
   3 - if it does go right , they were the ones who made it go right i ca n't agree with this . 
  it went right because they had a good idea and the workers were willing and available to give their max to provide a good product . 
  there is a reason we have not been replaced with robots just yet : our skills and the know how are essential . 
  we are the hidden side of those shiny success stories you see on tv where well dressed guys parade their products and companies and are heralded as visionaries . 
  without us it would n't be possible . 
  if we all did what they did nothing would work out in the end . 
  and yet , despite us being essential , we are not treated right . 
  the root of my disagreement is that people are now valued in the labour market by the same rules applied to merchandise : if there 's a lot of something it 's cheap and if theres very few of it it is rare , right ? 
  but our value as workers is precisely the reverse of that : it 's only because there are so many of us that economies grow and produce wealth . 
  if we were a scarce good it all would collapse on our heads and bring everybody , no matter what fancy chair they sit on down with it . 
  and yet we are treated like just another commodity . 
  the state protects us , to a point , sure . 
  but every passing year they deregulate more , they allow more forms of labour abuse , they allow employers to stretch out our working hours with very little in the way of compensation . 
  i 'm not favourable to dictatorships , and i do n't suport venezualan policy . 
  i am in suport of a more fair , humane form of capitalism which allows for free enterprise but rewards fairly not only the entrepreneurs but also those who make the success of the companies possible at the base level , the workers . 
  look at what is happening in the big factories/sweatshops used by the so called visionaries and the companies they created . 
  the guys who actually make their products are treated like shit . 
  society glorifies the leaders , forgets those who make it all possible . 
  i am also coincidentally not a left bloc voter , but you seem to have some kind of biases you need to work on , 
  that is a reductionary view of the situation , and one that i also seek to fight by actively participating in my labour union . 
  the current perspective of society is that the people in charge of a company generate the most wealth . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  i am the one working countless hours ( much more than what the law requires ) without getting paid for it . 
  if it 's sunday and something needs doing , me and my coworkers are the ones doing it , without extra pay . 
  if the company is going through though times it 's me and my coworker 's families that are called upon to take the fall , having our salaries cut or not raised at the level of inflation . 
  the role me and my fellow workers perform is essential for the entire company to produce wealth . 
  it is true that the fact we are numerous works against us in the employee/employer power struggle . 
  that is something we can only fight by becoming more united and by creating a situation where employers will have to treat us well and pay us more because we as a unit of workers refuse to be seen as merely replaceable parts of a machine . 
  i do n't want wealth destributed equally , i want wealth distributed fairly . 
  this is why i 'm not a communist . 
  i understand that some people put in more effort and should be rewarded for that dedication : i think the current system fails to do so for a vast majority of people . 
  i am not convinced by your arguments , firstly because societies that reject capitalism are actively fought and excluded from the trade network , very often being embargoed by large , rich capitalist nations and secondly because the fact that capitalism , generating large amounts of wealth as it does , has little excuse not to provide for the poor and homeless as it consistently fails to do . 
  i am not a communist , which is often the conclusion people jump too . 
  i just believe that free trade can be made to work for the good of all if greed and the structures of power that allow for a small percentage of the population to accumulate the wealth generated by the workers and that is baked into the very core of actual , real world capitalist policy is removed . 
  yes , that is the reality under the current model , and that 's why i vote for parties that are against it . 
  the revolution may have happened in a single day but the regime was weakening for a long while . 
  the right-wing party is expected to take an absolute majority ... 
  if you are looking for more right-wing than centre-right they exist but are not expected to take seats , or are in coallition with paf ( cds ) . 
  as a worker i feel capitalism allows employers to exploits my labour and unfairly distributes the wealth me and my co-workers generate . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't fit your strawman . 
  well from my point of view capitalism is inherently exploitative of worker 's resources , and that in itself would be enough for me never to support it , seeing as it hurts me directly as a worker of the low-middle class ( and proud of it ) . 
  also when recessions happen usually capitalist supporting governments will make the cuts to the ones who are poorer and have less power and money , not the ones who have been leeching off and making their riches for years on the back of the workers . 
  i 'm aware this is controversial opinion on this sub but that 's where i stand . 
  at this point is there anyone who can stop it ? 
  if there is that group of people must be benefitting from it because this has been the way of the world ever since capitalism took over as the dominant economic system . 
  if there is another global crisis the interest simply goes through the roof given our already precarious situation . 
  that is not really something we can avoid . 
  the problem is that we also are selling away the jewels of the crown and are cutting way too much on social help to the most needy , leading to profound inequality . 
  if you do n't go to vote because of the weather , you were n't going to vote anyway and just found some convenient excuse to mention when people ask why . 
  especially since it is not raining a lot in most of the country . 
  also because all of a sudden interest rates ( which we rely upon to service old debt ) raise sharply , forcing us to borrow money at a higher cost just to pay the old debt . 
  suddenly 1 $ of debt that expires today costs us 1.10 $ to borrow . 
  that ship has sailed by now , the debt is already there and it 's already raising . 
  servicing it will force us not to modernize in a lot of areas , and we will pay the cost of that over time , just like we paid for the lack of modernization under the dictatorship . 
  additionally we are a small country in a peripheral area which does n't help at all . 
  why do you expect the working class to support a party in favour of modern day capitalism ? 
  which is why the president is right wing and the assembly of the republic is currently controlled by the right wing and will likely remain so in the future . 
  i do n't really understand the need the right wing people have of victimising themselves as being powerless and at the same time holding power . 
  makes it easier to blame failures on the left and successes on the right maybe ? 
  but the problem remains : the cause that made them want to leave to the point they subjected themselves to the dangerous crossing of the mediterranean in the first place is still there : they will still be threatened by war , famine , inequality and poverty . 
  merely closing the borders and sticking our fingers up our ears will solve none of the problems we helped create in the middle east . 
  i really doubt a language has political opinions . 
  by the point we have achieved that there wo n't be much more left to cut or privatise either way . 
  and i sincerely doubt we will rich that . 
  we ca n't even stop the damn thing from raising . 
  maybe if there 's some renegotiation . 
  not hopeful though . 
  until the next cycle crashes upon us .
