  the exit polls usually get it right . 
  this is n't an exit poll . 
  still fairly leaning towards a nai win . 
  the betting markets usually get it right and they were leaning for nai . 
  tsipras ai n't budging no more if he wins this buddy . 
  if that is a good or a bad thing well ... 
  i did n't call the netherlands a tax heaven , though i should have made it more clear : their personal fortunes ( that they do n't disclose ) are on tax heavens . 
  their companies that they obviously ca n't hide are registered to pay taxes on luxenbourg and the netherlands . 
  one of our biggest retailers pays many taxes to them instead of us : he also is know for treating his employees very badly . 
  it makes me really bitterly angry when i hear the stories of people working late hours well into christmas or easter day and even worker 's day and not get paid for it : if they refuse they are fired . 
  i must confess i am not sure about anything anymore . 
  i know first hand how harsh austerity is ( and i was not one of the unluckiest , unfortunately austerity targets those who are worst in life much worse ) but they are staring at the abyss and taking a step ahead if the vote no . 
  if the vote comes as yes and the eu still fucks them over i will lose so much hope for its future . 
  this must be so heartbreaking for greece 's youth ... 
  within margin of confidence , still thinking nai will win the day . 
  yeah its all the evil lazy workers fault . 
  they do n't want to work , despite the fact that people are literally working for free and even paying to work just to add the experience to their curriculum . 
  this is of course very good , after all they are learning new skills !, 
  they should be so grateful to their employer for letting them work for free or just a small bit of money so that they can learn all these valuable skills !, 
  anything else is le ebil socialist conspiracy too turn us away from the path set forth by the glorious invisible hand . 
  there has to be a meet me in the middle solution to this . 
  workers ca n't be seen as merely tools to be used and disposed of as they go unfit for service , and companies ca n't merely be a machine for generating profit . 
  at the other side there has to be enough incentive for people to update their skills and seek to better themselves , but this has to take in account that this is not something everyone is capable of , either due to advanced age , limited intellectual ability or other misfortunes of life . 
  if the collapse of the soviet union showed us that collectivism alone is n't enough to make a stable and happy society , this last few years ought to teach us the opposing lesson : the `` let the big fish eat the little ones '' mentality when taken to the extreme can be just as harmful . 
  you seem rather exalted dude . 
  just let democracy take its course , it seems you will have your way in the end anyway . 
  i do hope someone manages to extort a bit of dignity out of the current eu institutions though . 
  small businesses pay their taxes more ( but there are versions of the software that you can bribe the companies to install that have `` backdoors '' allowing you to circumvent it and still seem legit to the customer ) and that is of course very positive . 
  the problem is that the really big fish still do n't pay their taxes . 
  their fortunes are stowed away in `` fiscal heavens '' and their companies are registered in countries like holland and luxenbourg and they pay their reduced taxes ... but use our infrastructure , their workers are educated on our public schools and receive our public care , they use our roads , if they get fired they receive our subsidies , etc. . . 
  yeah , i too wonder why some people insist on calling the act of letting people decide on their own future democracy !, 
  truly the saddest and most undemocratic of ways :(, 
  it 's the same in portugal man . 
  shame our governments seem to be cheering on this madness rather than showing solidarity for those who are willing to fight against these policies . 
  and then they have the gall to say `` it 's working '' . 
  and then they wonder why young people vote against austerity ... that is criminal behaviour . 
  did your employers also get a sudden need to constantly have `` lots of fresh blood '' by rotating through interns while never hiring any of them ? 
  we pumped money into their country 's debt , not its economy for the most part . 
  we took over private debt so that the banks and investors who gave them the loans would n't crash and burn . 
  yeah , its been a great time for employers for sure , since they cut so hard on worker 's rights and benefits you get to enjoy cheaper labour ( also the intern thingie where the state pays for a good chunk of the salary ) , much less job security , much lesser pay because people are desperate . 
  for the people though the austerity measures will take many decades before the austerity measures that were implemented can be fully taken off . 
  if you are ambitious and can leave there 's really not much of a reason not too . 
  maybe you should get out of your circle more and see the misery that abounds ? 
  if that growth is anything like portugal 's , trust me , nobody was noticing but the rich guys . 
  it 's convenient to pretend after causing the disaster in a country due to its political choices that everything would have been fine if they had just voted for the guys you liked and that were so subservient to you . 
  of course you had to sneak a generalization to all the greek people in there , because this is / r/europe and everybody knows the greeks were asking for it . 
   to build stuff and satisfy ~ ~ my people ~ ~ the oligarchs, 
  the law , in its majestic equality , forbids both gay and heterosexual people from marrying someone their own gender . 
  no , i 'm sure that if they start a war they will get their debt forgiven , seems fairly standard for europe . 
  if a government is deciding against the will of the people ( calling them `` masses '' is one of the worst dismissals of democracy i 've ever heard ) then it is the government that is being manipulated . 
   ireland as been less noisy than portugal when did we make any noise at all ? 
  look at it this way : most likely there wo n't be a landslide victory for the yes or for the no : both will represent about half of the population ( they may not , i 'm going off of polls , which can frequently be wrong ) . 
  in this case if new elections are called you may have a problem : syriza wins again , gets the 50 seat bonus and effectively blocks the formation of any new government because it is far better at gathering the anti austerity vote than pasok , nd , potami are at gathering the pro austerity vote . 
  and old people do n't understand the dangers of supporting centrists . 
  come on , i 'm sure you can do much better than golden mean fallacies . 
  i think you really need to not believe in every shitty stereotype people parrot around . 
  it 's one thing to interfere , it 's another very different thing to call for governments to resign . 
  i do n't understand why you bundle portugal with italy . 
  the culture is not similar at all from my experience . 
  maybe the stereotypes about southern countries are similar ? 
  also the italian economy is leagues above portugal 's . 
  the guardian was reporting a few polls that had a victory for oxi but with increasingly diminishing margins but i ca n't really attest to their credibility as i know very little about greek polling companies . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_bailout_referendum,_2015 ) lists two polls made after the referendum announcement with links to their sources . 
  i do n't see how someone in his position would confuse a statement available to the public with one directed to the government . 
  and even in that case it does n't sound right to tell to a government they should resign like that . 
  the poll saw a small increase in the yes vote but a large increase for the undecided right ? 
  people who go from no to undecided are more likely to vote yes , or not vote at all . 
  but well , there 's too much riding on it to trust polls , particularly from greek media . 
  i always perceived schulz as the `` moderate '' guy among all the involved ... :(, 
  wrong post maybe ? 
  also it proves very little as to the actual effectiveness of a measure because we do n't know how many she would be sending if the measure happened not to be in effect . 
  well , when all your media is in the hand of a small elite of oligarchs ... 
  someone posted the stats on \u039f\u03a7\u0399 / \u039d\u0391\u0399 coverage in the press and the `` yes '' campaign had something like 10 times more coverage in almost all newstations . 
  let them eat cake . 
  the first rule of capital controls is that you deny any plans for capital controls . 
  find my a government that announced capital controls in advance of implementing them . 
  do n't the polls suggest a ` yes ' victory ? 
  how the fuck is this somethign acceptable for a foreign authority representative to say about the government of another country ? 
  he may personally believe it , ** as do i ** but that decision is up to the government and the people of greece . 
  if any other country started suggesting the conditions under which the german government should resign there would be outrage from germany , and rightly so . 
  what he said is that it is not ok to be a muslim and de-radicalized because you still hold moral values incompatible with our `` liberal democratic '' society . 
  he then mentions that christianity suffers from the same problem . 
  when confronted with largely christian population of europe he then claims that this does n't matter because they do n't go to church , implying those who do are as dangerous as muslims , which he then compares to car banners and nazis . 
  overall this guy is deranged . 
  but those who do live in a religious fashion are not really comparable to the nazis , like londonghost tried to say . 
  no , i did n't as your post was clearly implying that germany 's defaults and debt pardons were somehow more justified than greece 's eventual default . 
  also is buzzword the new buzzword for historical fact ? 
  you ca n't compare them ... because the circumstances of a eventual grek default are far more benign than those of the german default . 
  after all i do n't remember greece waging genocidal war against half of europe . 
   however , i do n't think we should be so negative in the longer term as history remains an uncertain process , ready to present us with surprises now and then . 
  more value should be given to the short term . 
  we can not spend our days thinking on long term possibilities of actions that have short term disastrous consequences . 
  the idea that all will be well , eventually , is mostly fruitless because the very concept of what `` being well '' is changes quickly . 
  also i ca n't help but think that greeks are completely and utterly fucked either way . 
  the feeling of helplessness must be so awful . 
  by your logic you only care about drinking ouzo and taking naps on the beach side while evading taxes and eating goat cheese . 
  i am not arrogant enough to suppose to imagine how other people think . 
  i still do n't see why the left should change its ideology based on its current popularity . 
  what purpose does that serve ? 
  should the left strive to be in power at any cost first , and uphold its ideals second ?
