  it 's called concern trolling . 
  he has no sympathy for the left and would probably rather see it fail , but he fakes concern for how it 's lost its ways and how it needs to do things differently . 
  he 's free to say what he wants . 
  just do n't be surprised that nobody gives much credibility to the idea `` the left lost it 's way '' coming from the mouth of a right wing fellow . 
  the way he would want the left to go is the way of the dinosaur . 
   oh just grow up , will you ? 
  with such a strong starter i do n't think i will bother reading the rest of your drivel, 
  given our geographic similarities that probably is not exclusively a corruption issue . 
  our interior ministry recently resigned over a tremendous corruption scandal with the atribution of foreign residency visas to investors ( a golden visa program ) . 
  the thing is nobody really talks about portuguese matters internationally , but our public administration is quite rotten . 
  so i guess we are notorious for corruption among our citizens but nobody on the outside pays much attention . 
  why is n't the same fear valid for other notoriously corrupt countries ( such as well ... mine ) that belong to the schengen area ? 
  i do n't disagree necessarily i just think the state europe 's at right now would n't allow for it without massive tensions and derogatory views of net receivers . 
  that and it is a little sad to see my country reduced to taking money from others , not able to provide our citizens a decent life by our means . 
  i guess i just do n't feel the same way towards the european union 's other countries as i feel towards other administrative regions . 
  as a country we are in this together , but the eu really is n't . 
  i do n't want to live off of transfers from other countries whose citizens would immediately label me as a lazy leech and all the horrible negative stereotypes that we already see in small scale targeted at us . 
  the day they quit the people who have been lambasting them will also call them cowards . 
  it all tastes the same to me but then i 'm extremely allergic and can only eat very small pieces at a time . 
   socialists lol . 
  i 'm just speaking about my own stereotypical images . 
  i ca n't really imagine someone who embodies `` the european '' . 
  i imagined you were looking for each individual 's perception of the matter thus my answer . 
  i 'm sure they are very concerned with how deeply affected your holidays are . 
  poor thing . 
  nothing in particular . 
  being from the usa is a nationality and even then they are very different . 
  there is no stereotypical european because europe is n't and never was a consolidated culture or nation . 
  there are stereotypical people from each country of europe . 
  how is it not sensible not to throw people out onto the streets if they ca n't pay their debts . 
  has basic human compassion become too much for the current system to handle ? 
  socialist parties are pretty much the same . 
  in portugal many orphanages are state run , but the conditions are frequently terrible , abuses between the children are frequent ( sexual abuse between kids is not at all uncommon and its a very underreported crime ) and there have been scandals with pedophiles using the orphanages to sexually solicit children . 
  ideas spread even without immigration . 
  many of the radicalised today are radicalised through the internet . 
  some even come from christian families though disillusioned muslim youths are the prime target . 
  apparently i failed to rtfa and the only thing they are saying is that there is no risk to the pole taxpayer if greece fails to repay their share of the bridge loan . 
  does n't that seem kind of weird ? 
  if one janitor is n't enough and nobody was willing to do these `` employment opportunities with compensation for additional expenses '' ( with names like that i can see how 1 euro job got popular ) surely they 'd need to hire somebody ? 
  why not stop paying unemployment benefits and give that person the dignity of a full time job ? 
  greeks did their time for 5 years . 
  it failed . 
  now they will do 4 more years . 
  it will fail . 
  then they will do 4 more years . 
  it will fail . 
  rinse and repeat and keep on paying those sweet interest rates . 
  what kind of jobs are we speaking of ? 
  are they of absolutely no value ? 
  honest question : if those people are receiving unemployment benefits but there are jobs they can work at , why not simply employ those people in those jobs and pay them a full wage rather than keep them on benefits and working the job for an extra 1 $ / h ? 
  also when the benefits run out , can those people keep that job or are they fired ? 
  i personally find it hard to blame someone for not going against such extreme terrorist groups as isis . 
  for the same reasons one could hardly blame italians who did not go against the mafia . 
  people have families and they have to consider their own safety and that of their families . 
  remember that if there is any group isis targets more than the infidels of other religions is those they brand as infidels among muslims . 
   you might look at them but i certainly do . 
  if you want to fill yourself with disgusting shit and kill yourself at 50 from being morbidly obese thats your problem not mine i do n't really need to look at those because i avoid unhealthy crap food . 
  the vast majority of the population could care less though . 
  i am glad we agree that the choices each person takes regarding their health are their concern though . 
   it is the states job to intervene when your life decisions are harming the health of people who choose not to fill their bodies with cancer causing chemicals . 
  i am not against forbidding smoking indoors or in public transports or around children . 
  i am against this form of health authoritarianism where the ever gentle hand of the state will protect you from ever making any form of bad decision for your health . 
   my opinion is that when people are a minority in a foreign country they stick together this is a very natural reaction to being a social minority . 
  people can be very unforgiving to those they perceive as `` other '' . 
  humans are naturally inclined to look for those who will accept us . 
  between being a social pariah or being with people who will not regard you strangely , you 'd chose the latter too . 
   less likely to outcast an extreme element . 
  people as a whole are not very likely to outcast an extreme element . 
  there are plenty of cases of portuguese people not reporting cases of child abuse , slavery and even pedophilia among their social group . 
  muslims are n't any different in this regard . 
  people actively avoid trying to investigate suspicious activity in their social circles because they are afraid of conflict . 
  this happens to everyone , everywhere . 
   all of the packages over here already have `` traffic light '' labels for showing how much fat , sugar , etc they contain . 
  works great . 
  nobody looks at those . 
  we have the exact same thing and we still consume something like 2 times more salt daily than we should . 
  and again people know it is not good for their health . 
  they simply choose to indulge in it . 
  who am i to judge ? 
   the fact is that tobacco is extremely harmful to the population that much is obvious . 
   much more than any other thing that people regularly ingest . 
  maybe , not sure . 
  i agree it 's extremely harmful to one 's health . 
  it 's still not the job of the state to patronize me and make sure i make all the right choices and eat only what is healthy . 
  a lot of these things you here are actually made up propaganda to fuel precisely this kind of reaction from other poor countries and working class people against the greeks . 
  it really is a timeless tactic . 
  there may have been excesses in some cases , but they have been fixed and the idea that the greek working class lived in luxury is blatantly false . 
  no matter how much you blow up some aberration that is wholly unrepresentative of the state of greek affairs . 
  agreed . 
  i think its wrong for the other states to have to finance this syriza lunacy that somehow the greek state is not bankrupt . 
  i 'd probably also support preparing some kind of emergency humanitarian action for the immediate post-default period . 
  frankly i have to support this decision , even if i believe the reasons they give for it are wrong . 
  bailouts for greece at this point are a waste of solidarity ( not to speak of money ) . 
  we should be preparing some form of humanitarian aid for greece and for the eastern countries of europe to make sure nobody is going to die from a lack of food or housing in the winters . 
  not financing unpayable bad debt . 
  greece needs to find a way to live without access to the market for the short and medium term and manage to grow some form of economy . 
  most of the money you are giving them is not going to be pissed away by the government , it 's going to serve to recycle debt . 
  it wo n't fix anything but it will certainly not be spent in greek luxury . 
   if you are unemployed in greece you can live outdoors . 
  of course .
