  and you can raise your kids outdoors . 
  and if you have old people you need to take care of , you can also do it outdoors , even if they ca n't move . 
  and if it is 40 degrees hot in the shadow you wo n't die of insolation because you are a superhuman greek . 
  oh and you can feed yourself ... somehow , i 'm sure . 
  congratulations , you 've just became socially excluded and have no chance of ever finding gainful employment . 
  and of course you can keep a job while living `` outdoors '' ( because saying they are homeless would be too harsh for such a good life ) because nobody cares if you ca n't bathe or shave or look presentable . 
  i do n't want you to give them a single penny more because i am opposed to bailouts . 
  what you have to realize is that you are not funding some kind of luxurious life for the greeks , contrary to what propagandists would like you to believe . 
  you are funding the lunacy that is the syriza greek government pretending they are not bankrupt and in insolvency and that they can actually pay the debt as it stands . 
  yes , i know that it was the fault of previous greek governments that they got so much in debt . 
  but that does n't change the reality that the debt is unpayable and it certainly does n't mean that the greeks are living in luxury . 
  the greeks are suffering a lot to try and pay the debt . 
  it 's not enough , and there is no level of suffering you can tune austerity at that will make it be enough at this point . 
  burying your head in the sand will not fix anything . 
  i hope there is a parliament in europe that is sane enough to understand this and vote no . 
  i do n't know if the measures are effective or not , and my criticism against the law is not related to whether it is effective or not . 
  so i fail to see why you bring up this point . 
  that makes literally no sense . 
  just because the greeks live in a area that is very atractive for tourists does n't mean the have more vacations . 
  what do you want them to do ? 
  cut out the sun and call it an austerity measure so that they can pay for their sins ? 
   how about me and my family going to a nice family hotel in estoril for example , stay for a month , get lunches and dinners from the hotel and when we are required to pay finally , hold a family referendum whether paying them would be good for our family budget ? 
  this is not at all what happened for the majority of greeces working class . 
  they always lived at risk of social exclusion and poverty , working to sustain the privileges of a olygarchi that was the owner of much of the greek economy and that used its lobbying power to get the government to do its bidding - up to taking up debts so that their constructors got to build stadiums , useless roads and infrastructure , etc. . . and now the entire system collapsed the olligarchs also want to profit out of that collapse - by passing the entire responsibility of paying out to the greek people while they keep evading taxes with their billions in profits and spend their nice holidays on estoril - paid courtesy of the hard work of their employeers - who have increasingly worse salaries and access to basic healthcare and little to no chance of ever having a chance to retire when they reach an advanced age . 
  yes , what we have in greece is an example of the wealth being redistributed ... that is why the country is famed for its rich oligarchies . 
  can we please get on with reality rather than consistently lying to prove some populist bullshit we had hammered into our heads our entire lives ? 
  what i meant to get at but actually forgot to write is that when you only take `` what 's best for the majority '' it 's very easy to end up with particular groups who get the shaft so that the `` common good '' prevails . 
  also lobbying is much more effective than protesting and it 's how governments often end up taking decisions that benefit small groups and shaft the rest of the population . 
  if the groups who protest on the streets could afford to lobby they would get results . 
  i 'd much sooner quell lobbying , which is only accessible to a small portion of the population than quell protests which can be used by those who have less representation and power to protest for a better life . 
  ok , then let 's have similar packaging on products that add extra sugar besides what is naturally present , that add excessive amounts of salt , that contain any form of alcohol , etc. . . or instead treat customers as adults that can make their choices and do n't need the wise hand of the state always steering them towards the correct choices . 
  this fascination with fighting anything unhealthy is authoritarian . 
  i do n't need the state to be my nanny . 
  everyone knows exactly how bad smoking is for you . 
   does banning uber make the life of an average frenchman better or worse ? 
  depends on whether you think allowing for companies to effectively hire workers into extremely precarious employment where they can be hired and fired at will , have no right to paid vacation and can be fired for receiving four star reviews instead of five star reviews is beneficial for your country . 
  i do not want slovakians to pay because i am against the bailout myself . 
  i just do n't think the greeks are living in excess or luxury as the international market propaganda tries to make us believe : they simply have to work a lot to sustain their olligarchs and to keep paying extortionate interest for bad debts that they simply ca n't afford to repay . 
   dumb socialist governments of course . 
  it was the fault of the filthy socialist illuminati . 
  i do n't expect you to respect anybody . 
  i could care less who you respect , it is of literally no relevance to anybody . 
  you will simply have to face reality : people are not happy when they work extremely hard to have the biggest portion of what their work produces be leeched off into the hands of their bosses and of large financial groups who make billions of euros of profit in interest rates . 
  this reminds me of the lead up to the french revolution , where the peasents also had to `` live with what they had '' . 
  the problem is that the whole economic system is made so that those on the top can live well at the cost of those who sustain it all and are the root of all profit but never those getting rich : the working class . 
  sorry , that is simply unacceptable . 
  i ca n't be expected to live in poverty while my work sustains a worldwide financial web of interests worth many many billions , in an economic union that massively benefits central industrial powerhouses and shafts peripheral countries over . 
  there is enough wealth in the world to allow for every worker to live a dignified life . 
  not dying for lack of healtfcare in underfunded hospitals - living above your possibilities . 
  having a job so that you do n't get called a lazy person living off others - living above your possibilities . 
  having the possibility of educating your kids so that they have a slim chance at a job in the future - living above your possibilities . 
  having one of the highest and wealthiest quantities of oligarchs and rich - not above your possibilities and do n't dare redistribute that wealth in a more fair way between the people who work hard at their jobs each day for scraps of food or you are a spooky commuuuunist . 
  i feel for every country struggling with poverty . 
  i will never understand why they think us living in the same poverty is the solution to our problems or why we should be happy with it when the international finance decides to screw us over and put us to work to pay off ridiculous interest . 
  i 'm tired of living like a dog working my ass off and having like half of my hard earned salary get redirected to the pockets of some capitalist rich leech . 
  i 'm not lazy - those people are . 
  if refusing to pay debts is wrong the way they live their lives off the backs of others is straight up criminal . 
  i refuse to race you to the bottom and i can not understand why you are so proud of how exploited you are that instead of fighting against it you 'd rather try and drag me to your level . 
  so what you propose is that greece should have more people living in poverty ? 
  why not rebel against the system of poverty installed in those countries instead of proposing that we all start working in poverty as well ? 
   but syriza got a way to broadcast the oxi message . 
  the entirety of greek media was so blatantly pro-nai that it was n't even funny . 
  stop spreading lies just because they happen to fit your anti left political views . 
  also its quite funny how you tell the people they should work and then complain too many greeks are employed . 
  there is no work , any attempts of trying to create jobs are bad and the people should stop complaining and go work on some of those non existent jobs . 
  ok dude , can i have some of what you are smoking ? 
  the only place the whataboutism is is in his list of stuff to say everytime someone deviates slightly from / r/europe 's dogma of russia did something it must be bad . 
  oh you are simply a troll . 
  knew i should have checked history before replying to an all caps post . 
  there are no jobs ... 
  you can support minorities without supporting bigoted elements of those minorities . 
  i am against all forms of discrimination against muslims but i do n't believe muslims have the right to act against gays or women . 
  it is a very sustainable position in fact . 
  so maybe the eu should also start acting like a civilized body it is supposed to be and stop ordering nations around and pretending it has any legitimacy to lord over sovereign states ? 
  that 's not my experience outside of reddit idealized strawmen essjaydoobyas . 
  is there any relevant left wing movement asking women to cover themselves and gays to stop parading in sweden ? 
  one can encourage people to practice their religion peacefully and without fear of bigoted assholes and support gay people and women dressing however the fuck they want . 
  i know i do . 
  and the leftists go around beheading and stoning gay people . 
  see , i too can put words in your mouth . 
  so what do you do , handle the government a piece of paper with a fine amount ? 
  do you not see how utterly laughable that is ? 
  are they expected to pay by credit card ? 
  go to jail if they refuse to pay ? 
  or maybe just tell you to go take a hike ? 
  one thing is for sure : if you ever need solidarity you know exactly where to find it : somewhere else . 
  i do n't know of a single leftist that encourages any lifestyle that promotes bigotry and think that it is leftism . 
  i do know of quite a few right wingers who would love to have more parades protesting gay rights . 
  and maybe they will be able to bear these austerity measure , but what about those that will be imposed when the bailout ends and they still do n't have money to pay . 
  and after the 4th bailout ? 
  when will it stop ? 
  this is just a ploy to keep debt high in greece so that they can keep the greek workers working to pay off high interests in order to get just one more loan so they can feed themselves . 
  capitalist exploitation in the 21th century . 
  they have to default . 
  so tell me : what will you do when the working class refuses to pay interest to the big finance interests anymore ? 
  instead of repeating the same old populisms , give us your answer . 
   living withing your means . 
  what more do you want from us ? 
  to chop off a limb so we need less food ? 
  when you think stuff like this it is no wonder that the people being made to suffer revolt and vote for someone who will stop bleeding them so that some insanely rich guy who never tasted suffering on his life can get his ludicrous interest .
