  it 's one french word and the rest is in english except for the name of the local which has no translation . 
  * but clauzel translates his posts , and thus the situation is not comparable at all . 
  how the fuck is he turning back the clock by posting comments ... in english ? 
  * he was not the one that started that debate , it was people like you who did . 
  i agree that it is pitiful . 
  * the fact that they were powerful leaders stemmed also from the fact that they lead powerful nations . 
  obama is a powerful leader in that regard . 
  putin is no doubt a powerful leader as well . 
  none of them will cast a shadow on fdr or churchill . 
  * * stalin is not recognized as a great leader by anyone except the most lunatic of stalinists . 
  * denial of what ? 
   we should n't have to learn yours because you think it 's a fancy way of having a fucking internet identity on reddit . 
  * you do n't have to learn my language . 
  that 's exactly why he supplies you with a english translation . 
  * using their own language and then convieniently providing you with a english translation is truly the height of arrogance . 
  one word of the title is in french and it can be argued that the word also exists in english . 
  somehow i think you will manage to get over your slight annoyance . 
   and thus he takes it upon himself to force those dumb peasants to learn his , clearly superior , language . 
  he does this by conveniently providing an english translation right below the french comment . 
  from what we 've heard the alcohol surely is contributing to it . 
  extremist is a dog whistle for `` dissenters '' . 
  juncker really needs an intervention . 
  the lazy southerner would much rather stamp on those weaker than him than demand more equality . 
  it 's the classic plight of the weak . 
  we never ask `` why must i live like this '' we always tell those who ask `` well i survive and do n't make waves and so should you '' . 
  quite tragic really . 
  it is widely available in portugal , but in my experience it 's not something you keep in your pantry all the time , you just buy it as an ingredient for specific recipes like [ baba de camelo ] ( http://escolachocolate.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/baba-de-camelo.jpg ) ( camel 's spit , in a literal translation ) . 
  good luck selling that to the greek workers . 
  at this point i just wish they told the psychopaths at the troika to go take a hike with a stick up their asses . 
  uber stands for precarious , at will employment , with very little in the way of rights and job safety . 
  i do n't know if other parts of the world are fine with this model . 
  it has no place in europe as far as i am concerned . 
  the greeks were also victims of extremely repressive occupation by the nazi regime . 
  they are entitled to this sketch as far as i am concerned . 
  if you tolerate this then your children will be next . 
  i was never a fan of payback between nations . 
  and i 'm increasingly regretting having voted for the parties that lead to our entry into the cee ( eec ), 
  it is quite a bit naive to think that only one side of the conflict engages in social media manipulation , which is a huge field that certainly all parts in conflict take advantage of , for sure . 
  you did n't read the article , so you just assumed the greeks were throwing away money because obviously of course no doubt they are amirite ? 
  i 'm so ashamed portugal is one of the countries playing hardline with the greeks . 
  it 's always the problem with the poor countries : if only they could unite and give the middle finger to those seeking to humiliate our people . 
  with spain greece portugal italy and france all on the same side the situation in the eurozone would be so dangerous that the institutions would be forced to negotiate , rather than play some stupid school teacher role correcting your partner 's suggestions as though they are some kind of pupil . 
  they are in favour of a reasonable deal , not the same failed austerity policies that the most favourable of predictions say can start to be reversed somewhere in the next 50 years or so . 
  if he has any shred of democratic decency in him he will resign after this fiasco . 
  so in the end your wishful thinking is that a government whose clear , unequivocal mandate from the people is `` no more austerity '' would give in to austerity . 
  high ideals you have . 
  the eurogroup is an alliance of hate . 
  any compromise or reform anywhere will piss of significant portions of their home voters and members . 
  the eurozone would implode . 
  dijsselbloem should drop the opinions of these hardliners and replace them with centrists , but then he would be a ` sellout ' . 
  the alternative is to keep spewing hate and insult the greece people so that this stressful game of chicken can continue for the next 3 years . 
  no step backward or forward . 
  bring the downvotes , i just wanted to force the anti greek circlejerk raging through reddit to have some form of perspective . 
  i know that hurts your precious little minds who have been indoctrinated to believe in the lazy greek narrative . 
  the european union is very different from a federation . 
  again most of us love the spanish - but would categorically say no to a federation . 
  here in portugal the idea of a iberic union is a big faux pas since what happened in the years before 1640 . 
  also the french have a history of invading us . 
  i can tell you the support for any such union would be negligible . 
  you misspelled nightmare . 
  if it evers goes that way i hope my fellow citizens will demand out of such a union . 
  i also oppose all attempts at fabricating some form of shared identity . 
  i do not have the same identity as my other fellow europeans . 
  i respect theirs but i wo n't have a shared identity forced down my throat where there is n't any . 
  there are other ways of paying rather than requiring people to work well into their old age , such as levying fairer taxes on those who are currently exploiting their labour behind all reasons and getting unreasonably reach , taxing those who make vast amounts of money for such unproductive stuff as trading in the capital market ( and who for some reason society rewards with more wealth than someone who spends 60 years of his life on hard essential manual labour ) , etc. . . for following the unfair neolib policies we have had shoved down our throats for the benefit of the wealthiest we do n't need a radical left government . 
  i like the idea of the politicians i elect choosing how to spend the taxes my people and i pay . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  some `` white collar '' jobs ( not all non manual labour jobs employ only the social elite ) also have very negative effects on health , mental and physical . 
  there are various ways to get more money in the system than simply asking workers to `` put more in '' by raising retirement age . 
  you can require businesses to put more in , you can cut the higher pensions and leave the working class ones untouched , you can stop corporate fiscal evasion and use some of that money to finance your pensions , etc. . . of course that then we get to the big problem our economies face nowadays : employees can at will threaten to leave your country for some shithole willing to provide it with as liberal and degrading labour regulations as they wish , effectively leaving your country in the shit unless you keep racing to the bottom with other economies . 
  workers enjoy no such pressure in the other direction . 
  which is why its important for a radical left party , when it gets to power to act as a countermeasure to this form of economical blackmail . 
  that would be so many colours of illegal ... 
  `` people live longer and are healthier , so let 's use their new found living time and health to exploit their labour for a few more years . 
  it 's only reasonable !, 
  also you must decrease employer 's social contributions because competitiveness !, 
  also because we can relocate ourselves to some shithole of human and labour rights while workers are mostly stuck in their own countries . '', 
  age of retirement at 67 years ? 
  radical left my hairy ass . 
  this makes no sense . 
  if greece knew how much of a failure troika 's policies would be they certainly could come up with a better evil plan than just taking it so they could then say `` see , told you so !, 
  for the last five years greece 's financial policy has been de facto run by the eurozone and the other institutions . 
  maybe those institutions should accept their part of the responsibility instead of trying to shift all the responsability onto the greek people who 've totes been living the high life sipping wine and looking at beautiful sunsets in the greek isles . 
  i agree , but the eurozone seems to think the current status quo is fine since they did n't allow greece to go forward with measure to enable better tax collection - even threatening to outright cancel all negotiations if they did . 
  either that or they need ammunition to throw at the filthy leftist government by then claiming they did nothing to fight tax evasion . 
  also plenty of economists on either side of the fence . 
  the eurozone ones happen to represent governments and institutions that very much need to be elected : when they speak they speak keeping their home electorate in mind . 
  think about it : when a white person is a racially motivated terrorist nobody says the white communities should confront them - because the idea is preposterous . 
  people who are not terrorists do not have to take any special stances towards terrorists because they happen to share religions/colors of skin/haircuts . 
  but that is the agenda being aggressively pushed on us by the media . 
  the greeks are a bunch of lazy lying bastards who dont blame themselves for anything . 
  yesterday a couple of people called the greeks thieves for withdrawing money from their bank accounts on this subreddit . 
  th hiatrionics of total and complete acquiescence to troika demands ? 
  glad that when told greece wanted to go ahead on tax reforms and crack down on the oligarchs the eurozone said that if they even dreamed it or all negotiations would immediately stop , eh ? 
   quantifiable code word for `` it does not punish the weakest in society '' . 
  you 've had your austerity , and you 've had your results and you have had your answer . 
  it does not work because the people will not tolerate it any longer . 
  lay the fuck off . 
  the greeks stole money by ... withdrawing their money from banks . 
  literally theft .
