  i just do n't really see many people voting for the nazis . 
  hyperinflation was never a realistic scenario for greece - even in the event of a grexit . 
  if you get your information from bild you are just asking to be wrong . 
  when they vote `` present '' they are there . 
  they are basically saying `` i 'm here but i refuse to vote . '', 
  i did not redefine any words . 
  countries are treated differently according to political and geographical goals : the very perception that `` they keep promises more often '' is a bit influenced by internal propaganda - germany is seen as * trustworthy * ( again , trust in the context of international relationships is a laughable concept used solely for propaganda ) when by all rights it should n't be given the amount of promises it failed to keep - it is treated differently because it is a successful , powerful and rich country that can project the image of trustworthiness - even if it gained that ability by defaulting on several international compromises or otherwise extracting forced debt pardons . 
  trust never enters international relationships as a serious factor of consideration - its just proganda for internal consumption and for justification `` oh we thing this is horrible and they really need a debt relief but there is just no * trust * '' . 
  if anybody trusted greece - any greek government - they would give the entirety of the bailout in a single payment . 
  the reason they divide it and only pay when they verified that all the measure they imposed to greece are being fulfiled is proof enough that there is no trust . 
  governments do n't trust each other . 
  the usa did n't trust germany , the french do n't trust the usa and nobody really trusts greece . 
  not exactly - they can only pass a censure motion if the syriza deputies that voted no voted yes to that censure motion : which is quite a leap . 
  and barroso did as we was told by the powerful governments . 
  again , no small country can be expected to have a significant voice on any serious matter that is federalized : this is just common sense , we would elect a very small number of deputies to the parliament of the federation . 
  they would decide what to do in our country in those matters even if the entirety of our mps disagreed . 
  i do n't think the portuguese people would support federalization if they understood this : we do not really feel to other countries the same thing an inhabitant of one of our cities feels towards the other cities . 
   and even today you have one ec commissioner , equivalent of a minister of the union this is a joke right ? 
  the commissioner was assigned to an irrelevant dossier : the truly relevant ones are always given to the most populous or economically powerful countries . 
  as should be . 
  and even then he does as junker tells him to do . 
  we 'd be irrelevant because we 'd be less than 2 percent of the entire population of the eu . 
   they bought f-16 , german tanks and subs . 
  wow , i 'm sure the average greek citizen really benefited from that . 
  oh wait , the ones who benefited from that are the german manufacturer companies . 
  yes , oligarchs and corrupt people benefited immensely from the money spent . 
  the average greek citizen could n't retire early - that benefit was for a select few , and he surely did not benefit from shady military deals . 
  so then again : why should he pay ? 
  but the austerity road leads not to recovery : it leads to debt colonization , to the end of the wellfare state and to the misery of the working class - forever . 
  because then unjust measures that hurt the poor to pay for the insane profits of the rich made by corrupt governments could not be made to pass ? 
  the people are the sovereign : any measure passed that they do not agree was taken illegitimately . 
  you would be lying to them though . 
  we have an insignificant portion of the population : we 'd for all intents and purposes be a colony with a small amount of administrative independence . 
  the greece economy does n't work for the greek people anyway , most of the money is siphoned away by olligarchs and other leeches like stakeholders . 
  and why should n't them ? 
  you are forcing them to pay for this , they ca n't even withdraw their money from the banks , the little money their industry overlords allowed them to have after he took the bigger share of it and gave it to leeching `` stakeholders '' ? 
  nobody told this people of the consequences of the federalization . 
  if you had told countries like portugal that their government ( the one with real power , not whatever small worthless powers remained devolved ) would start being elected almost entirely by foreigners , support for it would plummet to the point of not being significant . 
  the point being : why should n't the greek default rather than keep paying for the profit of a few rich bankers ? 
  what did the miserable people in greek benefit from these loans that they should now feel even slightly obligated to pay . 
  look in the face of the homeless , the unemployed for the last five years and tell him he 's been living above his possibilities . 
  i hope he spits on your face . 
  and why should the greek people feel inclined to pay for the debt they did n't benefit from and that is being put on the poor to pay ? 
  why should n't they revolt against this theft ? 
  anti austerity is n't an option you say , but at the same time nobody can seriously claim that austerity will somehow allow greece to recover , the very idea defies reason . 
  this whole shit show was about making greece a ward of the institutions . 
  i hope the greeks give them hell . 
  revolting that in the end its the poor , not the rich that are called to pay . 
  you lend money for profit , you take the fall if you lended irresponsibly . 
  lending is not a license to print money , contrary to public opinion . 
  a deal sure , but the deal that got signed is way worse than the deal that was explicitly rejected - not by the polls but by a nation wide referendum . 
  golden dawn surely is n't considered to be a serious party ? 
  to be fair one would have to have pretty huge balls to stand for that particular atrocity , even if you for some reason lost your mind and decency and doomed the greek people to endure it . 
  the majority of the greek people are anti austerity , according to the referendum tsirpas now pissed all over . 
  i ca n't see how a party would n't form to cater to those people . 
   they 'll pay anyway . 
  i would n't be so certain . 
  the point the greeks have reached is the point where i would consider starting evading taxes as a legitimate form of civil protest . 
  it must make your blood boil as a low income worker when you pay extortionate taxes to finance this shit . 
  do you think after this shitshow the people will have the courage to stop supporting syriza and vote for other parties ? 
  what the fuck was tsipras thinking . 
  i hope the greeks throw their government out by the will of the people . 
  again the same are called on to pay for the crisis . 
  [ these atrocities : your fault . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/eure_schuld.jpg ) was a thing the allies made appear in the cover of german newspapers after the occupation . 
   leftofascist once again my commienazi nature has been discovered . 
  surely you guys can think of new and even more villanous ways to refer to those who still have n't bowed down to the almighty invisible hand ? 
  well neolibs are also economically illeterate idiots then . 
  so sayeth i !, 
  my condolences to the greek people . 
  sure they are . 
  after all they disagree with you !, 
  everyone of a different political persuasion is just illiterate and in every way inferior . 
  history repeats itself twice , first as a tragedy and then as farce . 
  it isnt a problem of greece never takes a loan again ... 
  which would probably be for the best . 
  awww :(, 
  i prefer marx 's version of the same sentiment myself . 
  no lets talk about org\u00e2nic chemistry instead . 
  ah , the mythical commienazi . 
  and communism is totally the same thing as leftism , because who needs political literacy when we can spread fud . 
  we abolished slavery in the homeland , which was nice and morally conforting . 
  we kept on using slaves in the colonies . 
   mehhh people just hate our conservative government in england , but that 's just reddit being reddit . 
  anything that is n't left wing is baaaaaaaaaad . 
  oh my sweet summer child . 
  reddit is not left wing , its not even progressive . 
  it 's brogressive at its best and full reactionary at its worst . 
   what are these slight corrective measures why , full communism of course . 
  in reality i would probably just impose that all companies pay taxes in their main country of operation and levy a small tax on all bank accounts with over 500 000 $ in funds , to be spent exclusively in urgent humanitarian relief . 
  my other beliefs are too radical to ever be put in action in a democratic country ... at least for the foreseeable future . 
  my vision is a democratic europe . 
  though i must admit it is very tempting to take some light corrective measures towards inequality before calling for elections . 
  i 'm glad i will never have to make the choice . 
  visiting the graves of war victims is totally the same thing as running out of the room screaming `` nazi !!, 
  immediately revert all power back to the people . 
  an empire is anathema to what should be the core values of the eu . 
  i do n't think any legal instrument will help when dealing with a sovereign entity . 
  if greece defaults whats to stop her from passing a law saying that all debt until that point is nullified ? 
  this is pointed again and again but the people who refuse to do so are not the greek , they ca n't tell other countries what to do .
