   everyone is simply pissed off at greeks good to know we are dealing with adults and states here . 
  being pissed of is a legit excuse for asking for sovereignty over the other country . 
   they were warned that the deal will expire before refenredum , and now people are acting surprised that the same deal is not available ? 
  this is unreasonable interference on the democratic process of greece . 
  i can blame them for wanting to take over the sovereignty of other country illegitimately through coercion and loan shark maneuvers . 
  and i do . 
  and they should be put out of government for it , if a deal equivalent or worse than the deal the greeks rejected is put in effect . 
  it still is n't a fake referendum , no matter how hard this subreddit throws a tantrum and presses the downvote button . 
  greece over burrowed massively . 
  now the other partners of a monetary union are behaving like a loan shark and demanding the most outrageous of conditions in exchange for help , and threatening to break greece 's knees if it does n't comply . 
  that is unreasonable and vile . 
  and germany is oh so great at forgetting all the good things the eurozone did for her . 
  and any other form of solidarity she may have received , despite a much more damning past than greece . 
  this is not `` germany hate '' by the way , as some in this thread have tried to say . 
  this is merely a criticism of a government that would do unto others much worse than what has been done to their country . 
  so if greece ca n't defend its sovereigny , by your own admissions , the question is : who is attacking it ? 
  who is trying to dictate their fate ? 
  is their behaviour defensible ? 
  ez : we want you to do this . 
  greece : well , not sure about that . 
  ez : do this or no deal . 
  greece : let me think about it and get the opinion of my sovereign . 
  ez : time 's running out . 
  greece : ok , i 'll do even more than what you proposed , and i 'll have this plan be made with the help of the second biggest economy in the ez . 
  and this against the explicit wish of my sovereign . 
  ez : not good enough . 
  abundantly clear that the whole purpose behind this sham was to kick out the greek govt and replace it with a technocracy run by the core ez countries or kick greece out of the ez . 
  the problem is what they want to get out of it is sovereignty over another nation . 
  the whole notion is so ridiculously pathetic that it is for all intents and purposes the same as not wanting to put money down for it . 
  which is their right , but let 's not pretend that they are after anything sensible and that greece just wo n't accept a fair deal . 
   fake referendum oh fuck off . 
  just because the filthy poor people are not voting for their misery to persist you do n't get to call a referendum whose result you do n't like `` fake '' . 
  `` ready for a grexit '' means that they 'd rather have a grexit than put any money down to avoid it , which in reality means they want a grexit , since greece can not possibly stay in the euro if it does n't get any money . 
  cdu financing scandal when this crook was minister of the interior . 
  if only it was illegal to be as corrupt as that man is and still be finmin . 
  are we now going to begin denying how much outstanding debts germany has that it does n't intend to ever pay ? 
  are we in full denial now ? 
  bury your head in the sand all we want : an hypocrite shall remain an hypocrite and there is no bigger hypocrite in the ez right now than the german government . 
  yeah but the abaolute poorest of the por get fucked over by a tax hike on basic needs like food . 
  yeah , it 's all just a matter of effort !, 
  the world is a completely fair place where all nations get exactly as much money as the efforts ( measured in what exactly ? ), 
  they put in . 
  peripheral countries absolutely are not at an innate disadvantage . 
  countries who got ridiculous haircuts on an equally ridiculous amount of debt garnered by waging genocidal war are absolutely not at an advantage . 
  countries whose finance minister is defacto leader of the eurozone and dictates its policies in a way that is beneficial to them is absolutely not at an advantage . 
  none . 
  if the greeks were n't unwashed lazy proles they 'd be just every bit as rich as germany . 
  the world is a completely fair place . 
   even governments that are irresponsible to the point of defaulting on their national debt at the point greece was at , not defaulting would be the very definition of irresponsibility . 
  which they will still do . 
  call them irresponsible after they sign a deal that will wreck their country for the next half a century . 
  what is their logic ? 
  eating is a luxury ? 
  one can still hope the ecb is n't a criminal organization , which shall be held by the people to have direct responsibility over the starvation of hundreds . 
  greece is officially fucked now . 
  wow . 
  nobody could deliver a reasonable instead of keeping on the suicide austerity route ? 
  syriza betrayed its electorate and blatantly disregarded referendum results . 
  if greece is a democratic country they will be out of government by the end of the week . 
  he 's trying to negotiate a reasonable deal . 
  i 'm sure if he had slammed the door on europe you 'd be accusing him of having been plotting to leave the euro all along . 
  oh wait , you probably are anyway , because conspiracy theories and blind hate do not need to make sense . 
  all plans need a seasoning of worker 's livelihood and rights before they become true plans . 
  just kill the poor , why wo n't they , and then we can get our referendums passed the way we like . 
  it 's not about whether we succeed : its about making sure others fail . 
  it 's very easy to give out 460 $ billion when it is simply going right back to banks in your country . 
  it 's only fair that they now get the worst end of the deal , imagine the loss of profits that will occur because of them / s, 
  what about the ridiculous proposals by the troika that were made the absolute law of the land over the last five years ? 
  are you saying that the institutions also did n't have a clue ? 
  greece should clean up its act and persecute corrupt people !, 
  greece persecutes corrupt journalists . 
  dictatorship !, 
   the government should fund programs osborne is gon na get you and take you away to a re-education camp . 
  though if you have it ( and people writing here now have it ) you might as well abide by it , no ? 
  the problem is that the lottery still exists - it still `` taxes '' the poor and stupid . 
  it just was privatized . 
  i suppose morals do n't matter when it comes to private businesses making a profit off the poor and stupid ? 
  i mean at least the state can manage it in a more ethical way . 
  private businesses are only after cash - and will cry `` statism '' if regulations are passed on their behaviour . 
  they have to make the comics suitable for their target demographic , who are the kind who fall for this tripe anyway . 
  funny how its actually been a hate jerk against greece for the last few weeks and you still have the gall to complain against some imaginary persecution against people noting that maybe there is n't just a single version to the story . 
  the troika forbade him from even trying , threatening to call off all negotiations if such unilateral steps were taken . 
  it 's basically cheap populism , the kind people love accusing tsipras off . 
  but sure , since it bashes on the greeks its a very good speech . 
  so basically what you are saying is that we have to live like this for 25 more years , right ? 
  i think in a couple of years it will be hard to explain to the people why there is really no end in sight for the suffering , and why this is preferable to the suffering of a default . 
  not to mention the time where we have to cut pensions because unemployed youths do not contribute and a large chunk of our young are either unemployed or in fake employment . 
  how could he form a coallition with portugal and spain if we are governed by parties that are his political adversaries and that do not want to have to deal with a syriza sized problem come next election ? 
  lower taxes on employers mean higher taxes on worker income to compensate or it means that you have to reduce social benefits , fucking over the poor people anyway ( ie go see any hospital in greece ) . 
  and they almost always come hand in hand with lowering worker rights , minimum wages , etc. . . 
  the problem is that you ca n't rely on attracting investment by fucking over the workers and the poorer parts of society . 
  they are the majority . 
  when they have had enough , they will vote in someone who will stop fucking them over . 
  `` let 's attract investment by allowing people who work too not even receive enough not to count as poor '' is a unsustainable idea . 
  because the reforms being proposed are harmful in the long term . 
  the states who have `` reformed '' were left with less control over their economy , less worker rights , less benefits , less access to healthcare , more inequality , more poverty , more unemployment ( except where they mask it with badly paid short term internshipts that leave people constantly in and out of a job ) , etc. . . and the debt problem remains unsolved and will burst at some point in the future again . 
  people seem to have this fair world view where if you suffer for your sins all will be well in the end . 
  if the greeks pay penitence they will reap the rewards of humility . 
  it is not so . 
  just because the other countries enacted failed policies that only helped their statistics and their rich people , why should the greeks follow in their footsteps ?
