  literally nobody contests it . 
   and unless that culture changes , roma are going to live in poverty , because not having education means you can only work unskilled labor jobs or commit crimes . 
  even the roma who go to school and want to succeed face heavy descrimination . 
  people actually linger close to their purses at the sight of a roma . 
  it 's silly . 
  roma culture is shitty but its a product of their segregation . 
  you ca n't simply state `` when they change we will stop segregating them '' because they ca n't change while they are segregated . 
  it stems from people but it also conditions them . 
   and everyone was forced into shitty jobs . 
  everyone . 
  and did anyone 's situation improve ? 
  if not , why should the roma 's ? 
   the way i see it , their culture is inferior and if they want to improve they have to change it or someone else would have to change it for them . 
  this has been tried time and time again and it has always spetacularly failed to work , if not led to some of the worst atrocities commited against mankind . 
   but the first step is admitting that not all cultures are equally valid and cultures can be bad . 
  cultures can have bad and good aspects but that is by and large irrelevant because it does n't help anyone and if you decide to act on it brings massive harm . 
  you ca n't really force people into change like that . 
  their culture does not value learning and it does not value school . 
  they probably actively resented being forced to go to school and being forced into probably the shittiest possible jobs with the shittiest possible pays . 
  you might say its their fault for having a shitty culture but you do n't really get to choose your culture . 
  you are born into it and it conditions your life heavily . 
  if you by chance were born as a roma you would most likely be exactly like them . 
  you would n't want people to simply blame it all on you . 
  i do n't think its productive to simply blame them for their situation and be done with it . 
  the circle of shitty upbringing leading to shitty people leading to shitty upbringings is underestimated in how shitty it can be . 
  some of these people make it out but they are statistically less likely to make it . 
  you and me if we had been born amongs the roma we could not have even had a chance to reflect on these things . 
  never ever went to school , probably married at 13 or so , working or begging on the street by the age of 5 . 
   i only feel bad about the kids who will probably end up just like their parents . 
  breaking news : their parents were probably once kids `` who will probably end up just like their parents '' . 
  i actually see the opposite : people blame the roma for their situation without taking in account historical and societal context . 
  where in the country do you live ? 
  in the northern part i rarely see people eating tinned sardines . 
  the only regular part of the diet that is tinned is probably tuna . 
  hitler did n't win because not only did n't we get a absolute majority we also could n't secure a parliamentary deal to support his government . 
  if he had not forcefully taken over his government would not have lasted . 
  hitler was n't elected . 
  his party won the most votes but he could not form a governmental majority . 
  he did so by using anti-democratic methods . 
  we are suffering a bit of this thinking in portugal 's mainstream media as well : `` well yes the people voted in a left-wing parliament but they did n't mean it ! '', 
  then you are not in disagreement with me , because that was precisely what i said . 
  if the uk leaves and scotland votes to stay , they should have the referendum . 
  are you being intentionally obtuse ? 
  i do n't think that . 
  i do think its possible that if the uk votes to leave , it will leave against the wishes of the majority of scotland . 
  if it turns out they are pro-eu but the uk is not i think a new referendum would be the best solution to a potentially very trick situation . 
  there 's a clear majority of the scottish wanting to remain in the eu , as far as we can tell . 
  the referendum will clear that doubt anyway . 
  for that very reason there is a party further to the left of them that attacks them as authoritarian and calls them `` social-fascists '', 
  it 's kinda legitimate not to want to be dragged away from a union against the will of your people , i 'd say . 
  i ca n't see how anyone can say costa is anywhere close to passos position . 
  he spent his entire campaign attacking the austerity policy and its consequences for the last 4 years . 
  voters would feel betrayed if he now went and supported further labour right cuts and the works . 
  does not bode well for the future . 
  anti-immigration feelings among the people tend to degenerate into violence or authoritarianism . 
   why are communists even allowed to be elected ? 
  it 's called a democracy . 
  we remember to keenly the years where being a communist meant deportatin to concentration camps and beatings by the political police . 
   do you want your families homes and cars collectivized to pay for the conservatives debt from the last decade ? 
  neither me nor the communist party defend this . 
  they defend a mixed economy . 
  ironically they are closer to social-democracy than the social democratic party who just wants to take away as much worker rights as possible and liberalize until our only purpose in life is to generate profit for someone . 
  they `` won '' but since they do n't represent the majority of the people and nobody else is willing to cooperate into their policies i do n't think it would be democratic for austerity to go ahead . 
  he can , but then he 'd break his promise that he 'd prefer a majority government to any other solution . 
  and people would punish the right very hard for doing so in order to prevent the left majority from governing . 
  and his government might not survive 10 days , just like the passos coelho cabinet wo n't . 
  the president ca n't make a government against the will of the assembly . 
  the most he can do is prevent a government he does n't want from taking office . 
  i 'm sure that by a stronger ps you mean a ps who will condemn us to perpetual austerity , as is the will of your party . 
  i 'm sorry but if people want austerity they should vote for the right . 
  and i 'm sorry they didnt  good for you that you managed to make the will of the people not count though . 
   my mistake i counted the parties who actively dont want to be in the eu , then you did another mistake , couting be in among those . 
  there is a 32 % party wanting to form such a government . 
  the psd president of the republic prefers a 6 months interregnum to having that change . 
  the 2 left parties always said they were not opposed to take governmental responsabilities , and be extended that offer to ps . 
  why do you think they doubled their share of the vote ? 
   communists dont get to preach on democracy and from this point on , neither does the right . 
  also all the speeches of stability are now proven to be lies : they prefer to throw us into 6 months of instability in the hope of electoral profit rather than concede government to a majority agreement . 
  this is , as passos would call it , very much an `` irresponsible adventure '' . 
   also its is constitutional right to dissolve a parliment if it goes agaisnt the interest of the majority of the portuguese incorrect : he is in the last 6 months of his mandate and as such holds no right to dissolve parliament and will never be able to do it in the future . 
  is it really more dangerous that having a government with no parliamentary support ? 
  no it is n't . 
  this is why is argument was objectively non-sensical and why it is very easy to see through that he only did this because he thinks his party can benefit from it . 
  because in terms of stability , he ruined all chances for it to happen . 
  your numbers are also profoundly incorrect . 
  paf + ps is about 70 % , not 80 % . 
  so start exporting nuclear weapons ? 
  people would kill each other much less efectively if they could only fight with broomsticks . 
  shame is , there 's not much profit to be made in exporting those , is there ? 
  and we already severely under represent smaller parties as is . 
  we was never even a suspect ... 
  it 's kinda incredible how quickly facts are being made up in the jsd social networks, 
  he was never suspected of being a pedophile . 
  they should just sit there and take the abuse and exploitation like good little serfs . 
  remember the storming of the bastille . 
  let it remain an enduring lesson to the exploiters and the deranged elite . 
  the exploited can only take so much . 
  we do not merely exist to work for the wealth of someone else . 
  funny thing that all i learn in reddit is that if you are poor you surely are lazy and entitled and should just pull harder on your bootstraps . 
  even if you work 50 hours a day for shit pay .
