  if the people disagree with the left , they have plenty of other alternatives . 
  no point for the left to give in to actual populism just for the sake of getting in power . 
  the left is a fringe movement , and that is fine . 
  they can steer governments towards a more socially sensitive position if they get in a coallition and they are there as an alternative when the mainstream parties displease the population . 
  i 'd rather have that than pulling an spd . 
  the spanish government also pushes anti greek government propaganda , but for some reason that is not a problem , right ? 
  is n't the center right also guilty of this ? 
  `` there is no alternative '' was basically their campaign slogan in portugal . 
  the free market is taken as some sort of god that you ca n't criticize . 
  i think the left is heading down the correct path , since they have correctly interpreted what this crisis is about and what those who orchestrate the so called response aim to get out of it : the reduction of the rights of the working class so that larger profits can be extracted out of them . 
  i do n't want to see the left wing stop defending these values because they just so happen to be unpopular with the current generation of temporarily embarassed millionaires . 
  if they call the left populists now what should they call it the day it started saying anything just to get a vote ? 
  you 're the one suggesting a change . 
  merely stating `` something should change but i do n't know what but you guys are definitely idiots for not changing '' is weak . 
  when you have anything other than commonplaces and empty sentences to offer feel free to reply again . 
  and what should the left do to solve the electoral problem ? 
  become the right like the spd did ? 
  problem is capitalisation offers him the chance to make nigerian workers the same as him by reducing his standard of living , not the other way around . 
  the law of supply and demand is inhumane when applied to the labour market . 
  it should be heavily guided . 
  the globalisation we got favours mostly those who are wealthy and in a situation of power , certainly not the working class . 
  that 's not something you can demonstrate by having a vague knowledge of a particular phrase written in a manifesto more than 100 years ago . 
  that manifesto was written in a different historic context and to assume that the form of globalization we are experiencing is the form of globalization it advocated is a gross misinterpretation of the text . 
  the freedom of movement lies with the capital , not with the vast brunt of the workers . 
  the capital can quickly and effectively move its production elsewhere if it 's demands are n't met . 
  lately they do n't even need to do that : they simply can pick and choose where they pay their taxes and so we get a portuguese company , operating with workers who were educated by the portuguese education system , who are kept healthy by the portuguese health system , using roads that are kept in good condition with money from the portuguese budget ... paying its taxes in luxenbourg or in dutchland . 
  and they demand , oh boy do they demand like a entitled toddler !, 
  lower taxes on corporations and businesses , lower regulation on the quality of their products , lower guarantees and protections to the workers , lower minimum wages , more flexible working hours to the point where a worker does little more than work , eat , shit and sleep . 
  they call this `` realism '' . 
  it 's the `` way of the world '' . 
  meanwhile consider the typical worker at the very base of this pyramid : he has little education , often times not even the 9th grade . 
  he 's paid barely enough to keep himself fed and pay for food and housing . 
  all his bills are falling behind . 
  he risks losing getting kicked out by its landlord or losing his mortgage at any minute : and homelessness is basically the equivalent of getting fired . 
  what does globalisation offer him ? 
  what future does he have to loop forward too in a world where employees are complaining he has too much ? 
  yet on the shoulders off people like him are raised the colossal capitalist empires that pay fabulous dividends to those lucky enough to be able to afford being shareholders . 
  the failure of the right has been evident for at least a decade - in some senses , for the last 20-30 years but the crisis has certainly thrown their current intellectual sterility into shar relief . 
  there 's been nothing in the right-wing response to the crisis that has n't involved denial - denial of the causes of the crisis , denial of the failure of its `` solutions '' , denial of the rights of the workers and the poor , denial that there 's any other way than complete capitulation by everybody to the self proclaimed rights of the big finance and capital . 
  why should i adapt to something that increasingly seems to want to worsen my working conditions , lower my wage in the name of `` competitiveness '' in a insane race to the bottom ? 
  why is that a path i should think is good for anyone but the oligarchs and capitalists who profit from it ? 
  capitalism is n't some kind of natural disaster that we simply have to cope with as is and ca n't change . 
  whence why i mentioned oligarchy . 
  also a big component of modern capitalism is that the big capital evades taxes legally . 
  solving those is impossible and gets you labelled as a commienazi by the fanaticals of the free market . 
  also very little way to curb tax avoidance when you are broke already . 
  the minfin says he had less than 100 tax collectors to work with after the mass firings of public servants . 
  such as oligarchy , modern capitalism , etc ? 
  oh wait those things you ca n't cut down on . 
  are n't ballot checkbox placements supposed to be determined at random ? 
  i wrote in english too ... 
  no reliable source on this . 
  time the eurozone got a taste of its own poison , o suppose . 
  no it is n't . 
  nobody can kick greece out , certainly not for consulting its people about such an important thing for their future . 
  you do n't get rich by caring for your neighbourhood or your country . 
  you do realise if someone resorted to strawman here it was you right ? 
  he was the one who mounted the strawmen when he brough `` allowed '' into it when it was not what was in question . 
  * he can postulate all he wants : if greece refuses to leave the eu there is nothing he can do . 
  `` estava a pedi-las '' , etc. . . * telling girls to dress modestly to avoid other people harassing them is not progressive . 
  it 's always been a cornerstone of reactionary rethoric . 
  `` she was asking for it '' , `` why 'd she dress like that if she did n't want some '' , etc , etc. . . *, 
  * the eu can prefer whatever it wants , it still can not legally kick greece out of the eu . 
   and then try to guide your crippled economy back up had a good hearty laugh there mate , thanks . 
  posts never go below zero . 
  they are probably in the negatives and your upvote is counted but is not enough to raise them to 1 , so they appear to be at 0 for you . 
  no true scotsman . 
  it was a plan to provoke a change of government in greece . 
  i mean they are n't even hiding it . 
  i do n't know what you are even going on about with the `` hatred '' thing . 
  the greeks overwhelmingly wanted to stay in the euro , lets see if they still do after that shameful ultimatum . 
  i think its pretty fair for the greeks to blame a failed austerity plan that was imposed on them by foreign entities as a panacea to their economy when in reality following it pretty much guarantees that there will be no economy to speak of in a couple of years , only a sea of debt . 
  they played the good student already . 
  it 's pretty evident that the plan of the eurogroup was either incompetently created or never intended to help greece , but rather transfer the danger of a default to the private sector into the european union tax payer . 
  * the only true attempt at a negotiation came from the greeks , who made various concessions , and not just in the last two weeks . 
  from the other side came however an ultimatum . 
  an ultimatum obviously puts and end to the negotiation and thus lead the greek government to the only democratic solution : ask the people if they want to surrender to the demands or not . 
  * one thing is for sure : if greece exits the euro it is not the fault of the greeks who tried to negotiate and made several important concessions in that effort , it will rather be due to the political will of the eurogroup and the eu to destroy the alternative government democratically elected by the greeks , imposing over greece a series of conditions far beyond those imposed to other countries , merely because said coutries had more `` moderate '' governments that suited eu 's sensibilities better . 
  * or he could simply continue being both a good muslim and a good person *, 
  * no , i 'm showing my support for multilingualism in this subreddit !, 
  * syriza is so far-left that a few days ago they were proposing raising the age of retirement to an unbelievable 67 !, 
  \u00c9 normal as pessoas terem que se registar para votar no reino unido ? 
  * is it normal for people to have to register to vote in the united kingdom ? 
  in portugal you are automatically registered as a voter : some weeks after you become 18 years old you receive a letter with your electoral number , from this point on you can vote in any election or referendum . 
  * it 's up to each countries ' government to take that decision . 
  only the greek government has decided for it , at the moment *, 
  * was it in lisbon ? 
  from what i hear those guys only operate in lisbon . 
  the drugs are fake . 
  a unica alternativa democr\u00e1tica \u00e9 um referendo . 
  * he has no popular mandate to sign the agreement he could get out of the institutions . 
  the only democratic way out of this is a referendum *, 
  * well , vote for parties that will grant it to you , the greeks sure seem to have !, 
  * you do n't speak french in france 0.0 ? 
  / s * yeah cause if greece defaults they will surely allow the creditors to try and sell of greek property . 
  * islam is a religion for those who stone homossexuals in the same way christianity is a religion for those who rape children . 
  bom fim de semana  * no conversation then , which your overall tone leads me to think would be quite uncivilized . 
  enjoy your weekend . 
   read the title , it 's bunch of french and english words mixed falso . 
  * false .
