  it would almost certainly devalue by a large margin immediately after you start using to pay for stuff and the people you 've paid rush to exchange it for another currency . 
  almost nobody is putting the right of greece to remain in the eu in question . 
  they may not be able to stay in the eurozone though . 
  what 's the point in having a competetive economy ( for businesses ) when workers are getting paid like shit ? 
  the whole idea behind electing a left wing government is not slashing worker rights . 
  one has to question why the lenders are so hell bent in making sure the greeks are poorly paid for their work . 
  seems like they have a pro business anti-worker agenda that borders on interference in internal affairs . 
  what i 've heard syriza say is that the mandate they were given by the greek people is to seek a better deal for greece with less austerity in the context of remaining in the eurozone . 
  if such a thing can not be reached they argue that they have no legitimacy to either agree to wide austerity measures or leave the eurozone , hence the need to call for elections . 
  seems perfectly reasonable and a very democratic thing to do , especially considering they are very unlikely to win a second snap election . 
  low taxes on books and other culture is essential if you want to prevent access to culture from becoming something only those who are well off can afford to have . 
  food should obviously be at the same rate though . 
  i do not think it would be appropriate to raise taxes on books given how the average greek citizen is probably struggling to make ends meet , so the tax on food should go down . 
  compensate by raising taxes on some form of luxury product that will only impact those who can afford to pay a little more right now . 
  most men also could n't do that . 
  the point is that you get training and are checked for physical ability before you get into the military . 
  my translation of a couple of the most relevant parts :  the government approved a bill that reinforces the intervention capability of the system of informations of the portuguese republic ( a branch of our secret services ) in the context of the fight against terrorism , allowing for access to the record of the flow of communications and to fiscal and financial records . 
   `` this proposal removes portugal from a situation that is almost unique in europe . 
  portugal and switzerland are the only countries where there is no legislation to allow the information services to access ( metadata ) records of data traffic and fiscal and bank records '' explained the minister for the presidency ( of the council of ministers ) , luis marques guedes , at the press conference held at the end of the weekly meeting of the council of ministers . 
  to be honest your reply seems like you barely read my post and just unleashed the same old tired arguments against greece we have already heard thousands of times before and are basically copy pasted from the eurozone 's propaganda . 
  specifically you said my post sounds like there was a non painful solution to the mass when i explicitly say in my post that times ahead will be painful . 
  if their only problem with immigrants is `` having to deal with people who do n't share my culture hurts my feels '' then yes , i do n't think their particular opinion on the matter should be highly valued . 
  in the long term what will happen when they have to take another bailout after this one , then another , and then another one on top of it until the eurozone is no longer willing to provide any further bailouts no matter the conditions imposed ? 
  because bailouts will only lead to increasingly higher debt . 
  at this point greece is bankrupt . 
  it can keep pretending it is n't for a very long while , or it can default . 
  personally i do not think further loans should be given to athens because there is very little hope they will help , particularly if we keep imposing quite frankly appalling conditions attached to those loans . 
  times will be though for greece ahead if they default , surely . 
  but at least they will have a fighting chance to rebuild if they play their cards right . 
  which is admittedly quite difficult to do if all the main parties are trash like i suspect they are . 
  part of the problem is that despite how much better democracy is than any other system the common citizen still sees his interests under-represented when compared to those of the wealthy oligarchs . 
  this is so in greece but also in germany and france and spain and pretty much any advanced country . 
  corruptions is a plague on democracy . 
  greece just happens to have it particularly bad and also have limited industry and be a very peripheral country in the context of the eurozone . 
   economic and safety are effected by different cultures . 
  when i said economic and safety reasons i meant that `` we do not have a way to sustain immigrants and give them jobs '' and `` we can not safely provide housing and the protection of law to any immigrants '' . 
  i do n't understand what you mean by happniess and comfort . 
  i do n't particularly think migratory policies should be influenced by old farts who may feel uncomfortable having to deal with cultures they have never been exposed to . 
  the conditions attached to the loan ( not offer ) are `` murderous '' in the sense they will keep the greece as a debt colony for a very long while . 
  you can only squeeze the people so much . 
  long term austerity is incompatible with democracy , because the people will eventually have had enough and elect someone who will fight for their rights for once . 
  no , i 'm saying that one way or the other we all deal with various degrees of different cultures and that the idea that only having to deal with one culture should be something we should pursue can lead us to very bad places . 
  i think the values of tolerance are important to a country , no matter what migratory policies are put in place . 
  such policies should not be put in place because we do n't wish to have to deal with different cultures , rather they should be based on economic and safety reasons , tempered by humanism . 
  kinda reluctant to hand over this much power to european institutions . 
  i do n't really want my country to be a state in a federalized union . 
  racist and xenophobic parties and sympathizers are a pest , they have invaded all of europe and are now constantly peddling their bullshit rhetoric and propagating their blind hate to the public . 
  no country of any significant size has a single culture . 
  you will always have to deal with different people . 
  the red scare was a period in the history of the united states where the institutions were so utterly consumed by anti communist hysteria that any and all attitude of dissension was perceived as being financed and backed by the soviet union . 
  same thing seems now to be apply in europe , but this time instead of fear of the communists we are driven by the fear that the fascist state putin has imposed in russia is backing those among us who disagree with the path europe is taking . 
  are we really going to do the whole red scare thing again but this time in europe and with fascists ? 
  why must all success nowadays include empowering the tyranny of the markets ? 
  should n't we strive to build a future free of the bonds they impose on us , rather than bleeding everything he fought for in the last thirty years in order to appease them and become increasingly ( but never ever ever sufficiently ) market friendly ? 
  what about those who are unemployed , never worked and do not get the unemployment benefit . 
  they did not ever put a penny on the public coffer but can still vote . 
   i declare the dissolution of the catalan parliament ... '' might as well declare the dissolution of the united states congress , for all the purpose that would serve . 
  one thing is for sure , they would be burying forever the idea catalonia could remain in spain at that point . 
  just give them the damn referendum . 
  it 's their right , its the sensible , moderate choice , puts power in the hands of the people and affirms their right to self determination . 
   and then what , do n't stop there , what will happen next ? 
  one would hope the self determination of the catalan citizens would be affirmed by spain . 
  this is such a silly , silly argument . 
  of course independentists do n't recognize the spanish constitution . 
  they are n't obliged too : they want to break away from that constitution . 
  the referendum just serves to verify that indeed a majority of the population no longer ( if it ever did ) recognizes the constitution as legitimate . 
  if the referendum wins the sovereign people decided to go their own way , they have no obligation towards any constitution anyway . 
  currently 1\u00bast tier citizens have a right to live in a independent country and 2nd tier citizens are forced to have their nation subjugated to a foreign power . 
  that would be fine and happens in many parts of the world , but only if the people are allowed to vote on it . 
  forbidding referendums will simply keep the independence side growing until it can just seize control of the generalitat outright in the polls ( already there is an absolute majority of independentist mps ) and declare independence . 
  there 's also the fabulous `` want to bully a small country ? 
  fuck its economy in the ass ! '', 
  thing that was applied to greece . 
  i love how marxists get shit for believing in `` free money '' and also for opposing `` free money '' . 
  have it one way , or have it the other : either marxists are greedy children wanting to live on burrowed money or they want to end burrowed money . 
   just end mass immigration just stop global warming . 
  just dismantle all nukes . 
  just end poverty . 
  just stop and reverse aging . 
  just cure cancer . 
   even if they are generally far left positions . 
  they only became far left positions as the economic thought in europe shifted to the right . 
  people dying of starvation has not been uncommon even in huge , hegemonic powers historically . 
  it was n't really a problem they considered worthwhile investing in , since it was just the peasents when the season was particularly harsh or some other disaster affected local food supplies . 
  well we ca n't always have your favourite brand of wingnut in charge  4 years of that was quite enough , i say , and say the majority of us . 
  not really . 
  the fact the socialists withdrew does n't force their voters to vote for the centre-right . 
  the fact is the majority of the population prefers the center-right to the far-right . 
  this would be true even if the socialists did n't withdraw . 
  the only difference would be that then a party with around 30 % of the vote would get to rule a region where the majority of people did n't vote for them . 
  in average most pro-gender equality people will oppose any conscription at all so it does n't make sense for them to defend spreading something they already think is unjust to even more people . 
  to be honest i just hope that the european union is coherent and shits on the extremist democratic choice of the french as much as it shat on the extremist choice of the greeks . 
  they signed the treaties and the majority of the countries in the eu is not supporting the lunatic right-wing stance towards immigration the french seem to support . 
  so either suck it up or take a hike . 
  that 's what we told the greeks . 
  and its not even solid electoral advice . 
  the electorate of the left parties is not going to keep voting for the left if it takes up a extremist anti immigration stance . 
  and the anti immigration voters are not going to vote for the left if it suddenly turns on the immigrants , because the anti immigration rethoric is deeply rooted in the `` they took our jerbs '' popular capitalism populist crap the right keeps spouting to gain a foothold in the working classes . 
  at this point the only solution seems to be waiting for these guys to get into power so that they are forced to either deal with the realities of power and moderate their stance or go full on ahead with this idiocy and the consequences make it plain why they should never ever get into power again . 
  so we must act exactly as the maniacs of the far-right would like us to act or the far-right will take over ?
