when you are that far to the right i 'm sure you can look at merkel and see some kind of leftwing nutjob . 
  i know many communists who did n't support the soviet union because of the lack of democracy . 
  i do n't think it is necessary to be in favour of stalinism to be a communist . 
  thank you !, 
  where will the official results be published ? 
  as another user put beautifully when you are far right you can even look at spd and think it represent left wing thought . 
  i know , i 'm sorry for criticising the far right majority of this subreddit . 
  it will happen again . 
  if you think centrism is the same as being left wing i have to say wat . 
  you are talking about centre-left parties , not what you 'd consider `` the left '' . 
  their politics are quite in line with the centre-right policies of the eu . 
  since when is `` the left '' part of the established parties ? 
  the left is a ultra minority in pretty much every parliament in europe with the exception of a few , and is in power in exactly one country of the eu . 
  this incoherent narrative that the left is simultaneously powerless and all powerful is very typical of certain extreme movements i do n't even dare mention anymore in / r/europe as of late . 
  when you break the law and are a common citizen , you are the culprit . 
  when you are a mega corporation and break the law the culprit is the law . 
  many teenagers go to political rallies on their own initiative . 
  believe it or not it 's possible to have an ideology ( and a religion ) and be a teenager at the same time . 
  how is the bailout a good thing for greece when previous bailouts already tanked their economy ? 
  or maybe you like them so much you ca n't wait for the fourth and the fifth ? 
  oh , it 's the epp in portuguese , sorry . 
  populism is a dog whistle for `` politics the ppe does not agree with and people the ppe would rather not see get into power '' . 
   again you are replying by simply stating the fallacy terms and telling you precisely why they apply in this case . 
  i am not saying all compromises are bad : i am saying that the idea that they are inherently good , as defended by the person who posted is not correct . 
  but this is a clear cut case of the fallacy : the entire merit given to the compromise is the fact that it is a compromise . 
  compromises are not inherently superior to any of the opposite ideas they came from : their merit must be proven on their own , in the same fashion that either of the non compromising ideas must . 
  this perception is what is called the golden mean fallacy - the idea that if you make a compromise between two positions that position is obviously better . 
  well according to the official results coming out the numbers op posted seem fairly close to reality . 
  certainly closer than those . 
  well we also could stop watching our step for dirty syringes in public parks and such . 
  i 'm not saying that it was because it suddenly stopped people doing heroin but rather because there are now proper user rooms . 
  on / r/europe these days you are either left-wing , normal or a special snowflake . 
  so why do we give a shit about the markets again ? 
  is enriching stakeholders such a noble goal we are willing to sacrifice life quality so that their profit margin does n't take a cut ? 
  they do n't pay the fines . 
  they are after all spanish citizens . 
  you catch those you can and stop them one time . 
  they will most certainly be back again and even if they are caught once every 10 times it 's worth it for them . 
  on / r/europe these days you are either left-wing or normal . 
  personally as a citizen of one of the countries labelled as piigs i read about the development of the european union . 
  and when i hear germany 's call for solidarity , i laugh . 
  i laugh a lot . 
  well , that 's how it goes here . 
  the average anual wage in portugal is around 14000 $ . 
  80000 $ would be a very wealthy person by working class standards . 
  wages are higher in the richest countries of the eu though . 
  80000 makes you more wealthy than most of the working population anywhere in europe, 
  that 's exactly what they are coming for : invading your borders and destroying your country . 
  they could have stayed perfectly happy in their own country but they chose to come here and force you to take on the ugly truth : europe is an ivory tower built on the poverty and exploitation of tens of thousands , home and abroad . 
  that 's what the post this guy responded to did . 
  curiously you chose to chastise this guy instead of the parent comment . 
  because classism is n't a recognized problem at all . 
  \\ s we can provide for the people who happen to be born from parents who happened to leave in a geographic area that happened to be rich and we can provide for people who happened to be born in extremely poor and historically exploited areas . 
  we just ca n't do that and maintain certain privileges for the rich , which is why nothing will ever get done because the moment you try the label of socialist falls on your head and at that point you might as well be a demon . 
  this particular piece of land belongs to people who randomly where born of a specific subset of humans !, 
  because reasons !, 
  it tends not to happen slowly so much as it happens in bursts ... 
  what is extreme today will be moderate some day . 
  by all accounts we live under a very radical left wing society if you compare to the pre french revolution period . 
  poor company losing money . 
  wo n't anybody think of the poor capitalists ? 
  i 'm trying to imply that you are not even trying to hide your raging racism and xenophobia and other repellent neo-reactionary views , an opinion which has become a majority in reddit as a whole despite the fact you guys keep pretending there is some kind of progressive bias on reddit . 
   racistsexistcismale reddit 's right-wing majority is n't even trying anymore . 
   stop and by stop you mean taht people will continue to be poor and live in war ridden zones without trying to escape to our ivory tower where they may have a hope of a better future for their children . 
  truly lofty goals you 've set . 
  europe for the europeans , etc , etc. . . 
  ok so what will the right wing parties do ? 
  erect walls along the border and whistle to the side like there is not literally hundreds of thousands dying on the other side and somehow claim that `` it 's not our problem ? '', 
  is that abomination what you would see the eu do ? 
  still not more important than making sure people have food and shelter . 
  yes we do, 
  yup , pretty sure your need for faster internets trumps a refugee 's need to eat and shelter . 
  when the alternative is letting refugees starve i 'm pretty sure the economy takes a backseat . 
  it 's not like germany ca n't pay for it : being a rich country comes at a cost . 
  you are also ignoring that germany would have to spend money on the refugees anyway , no matter the solution they found . 
  when the next finantial crisis hits a recession is almost unavoidable . 
  the current policy of the european union also happens to be to punish any country whose people vote for change , so i think they have a rational reason for their fear . 
  as i see it those guys do n't want to stay in greece and greece ca n't pay to keep them there so put them on a train on their way to whatever destination they want . 
  not your problem . 
  let the rich countries deal with the consequences of being rich . 
  just wait till the next crisis comes around ... pension systems are barely holding together as is , they ca n't survive that if people keep retiring at 67 . 
  minimum retirement ages keep raising though . 
  direct democracy by way of polling organizations . 
  sounds like populism to me , but i guess that is a label now reserved purely for those who oppose the ideology of the core european union powers . 
  having a job is living above our means guys \\ s also probably unemployment benefits . 
  this is incorrect . 
  be is not anti eu , and pcp opposes the euro , which i think is an opinion the current shitshow vindicated as being one of pure common sense . 
  whatever is left of the economy is steadily being eroded anyway . 
   yay for simple answers to complex questions !, 
  / s say the guys whose voodo economics dictate that austerity in times of recession can somehow magically fix anything . 
  the current government coalition is running together for election with no hope of forming a coalition with any other party . 
  they effectively lose the election if they ca n't get a absolute majority . 
  actually according to this subreddit the very spawn of satan is a state that actually has the means to protect the weakest members of society from capitalist exploitation and poverty . 
  the farmer also spent many years breaking his back from sun to sun working harder than anyone can possibly imagine at that company ... and he does n't get shit , he gets treated like shit and his pay is awful . 
  please do n't bring the question of fairness to any discussion in defense of capitalism . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  yeah , not wanting nukes on your country , one of the deadliest weapons in existence is completely anti science . 
  how the fuck are we letting companies do this ? 
  capitalism gone mad ... time to fight back . 
  let us then hope that common sense remains something not very common .
