  if that 's what the people vote for , that 's what the people vote for and we must accept it . 
  we do n't need other parties joining in the craziness . 
  they must keep representing their moderate electorate , even if that electorate dwindles . 
  with any luck the moderates will come together to stop the lunatics from taking any second round victories . 
  sorry if i read too much into it . 
  it also happens to allow you to freely state that you disagree . 
  what exactly did the guy do wrong ? 
  he did n't call for the end of democracy , he just expressed his opinion that europe could do without electing far-right maniacs right now . 
  do n't worry , we the moderates will be here to clean up the mess you people will make . 
  as usual . 
  first as tragedy , then as farce indeed . 
  in my opinion teh right wing in portugal , while in government , implemented economical policies that resulted in the current state of inequality and social emergency . 
  that 's what i think is wrong with our right-wing . 
  thankfully the xenophobic parties that rose elsewhere in europe have failed to do so at all in portugal , polling below 1 % of the vote . 
  this is textbook whataboutism . 
  the parties in question are not part of any `` rise of the right '' , which has n't happened in portugal at all . 
  they are the traditional right-of-center parties that have always had parliamentary representation and ran the previous government . 
  in the recent elections they lost their parliamentary majority and were subsequently replaced in government by a solution supported by the left-wing majority . 
  their minority government was recently ousted by a similar motion presented by the left-wing parties . 
  we use that factoid as kind of a celebration of how organized and peaceful belgium is : `` they even had a provisory government during 2 years without any issues ! '' . 
  particularly apt right now as we are about to finish a politically hot period of 2 weeks with a ousted government in management capacity . 
  i never knew that belgium had the image of a failed state . 
  that 's not a common perception at all where i live . 
   pcp doctrine is pure ortodox soviet marxism !, 
  this is blatantly false . 
  pcp is a revisionist communist party who defends a mixed , planned economy . 
  go read their program if you are interested , rather than spouting whatever tripe has been repeated mindlessly by the right when it finally understood it had lost control of the parliament . 
   simply stating that the center-right accepts electoral results with much more finesse than the left . 
  you must n't have been paying attention to the last 50 days . 
  they do n't respect the democratic system because they dare write articles criticizing political actors ? 
  if you won an election or a lot of election that somehow makes everyone who exercises their freedom of speech to speak out against your actions anti democratic ? 
  or is the same kind of new anti democracy created by a few ingenious mind of the political right who think that 38.5 % of the vote is enough to vote in spite of the large majority assembled against them ? 
  i do n't support the islamic state but the idea that its total annihilation would immediately stop all terrorist attacks is very naive . 
  this is not a problem that can be solved simply by waging war , as the whole ordeal in iraq proved categorically . 
  obviously the lusiads . 
  from more recent times the gospel according to jesus christ by saramago is also an excellent read and in my opinion his best book . 
  honest question : under normal circumstances how much time until those three guys die from the cold ? 
  there 's something in your post i 'm not quite getting , what do you mean `` salty '' ? 
  i do agree with the second phrase though . 
   do you deny that a somehow relevant number of people who voted ps are not satisfied with this agreement ? 
  the same with pcp and be voters . 
  i do n't deny that , and i know that a large amount of people who voted on cds and psd were also probably unsatisfied with the coallition : we are talking about a party whose leader made very heavy attacks on psd historical member and pr anibal cavaco silva after all . 
  the possibility of an agreement was made very clear to all during the campaign , it was talked about on televised debates and it was discussed in the media . 
  if somebody was against it and voted for those parties , they can take responsability for that . 
  it would be like a psd member calling for the end of the ex-government because the programme was too austeritarian . 
  their alliance was legitimate because both parties agreed to it and they together had an absolute majority : they governed because they came to a deal . 
  this is the exact same thing that is happening here . 
  we can not accept having a government that is lead by a coallition who does not have a majority . 
  why did this not happen after the 2011 legislative election then ? 
  the population is with the government because it voted for it . 
  even when there was an european parliament election that showed that the people were not with the ex-government , no new elections were called . 
  the election was last month , it ca n't be repeated endlessly because you wished the results were different . 
   legitimate for a big part of the population . 
  we can only count the population that votes : it is extremely easy to say that everybody who did n't vote would vote for your position , but that is not a legitimate way of measuring political power . 
  the correlation of the parliamentary forces , as elected by the people , has reached a successful deal for a government . 
  it is not legitimate to call for elections until the people vote the way you want . 
  you did n't see the left doing it when psd had a relative majority . 
   while voting there was not even the slightest clue that these three parties would sign an agreement only if you were n't listening . 
  catarina martins for example went as far as enumerating the 3 conditions she imposed on a left-wing deal . 
   it is an agreement built to take out the right from the government and not an agreement to build an alternative this is also blatantly false . 
  the contents of the deal propose the alternative policies that the parties agree on taking . 
   extremist parties in the bloc ... that is not relevant , all parties and mps are equal in their legitimacy . 
  nobody is banned from striking government deals on the basis that their ideology is unagreeable to someone . 
  because on that day nobody would ever form a government . 
  the constitution is not to be changed because of each individual happening and political convenience , as i see it . 
  i hope the idea is rejected by the elected assembly of the republic . 
  i see very little reason for calling new elections : we have elected an assembly of the republic from which there has emerged sufficient support for a government . 
  we are not in political crisis . 
  a lot of banks take houses they are n't even likely to be able to sell . 
  there are plenty of houses that are abandoned because they are owned by a bank that could n't or does n't auction it . 
  i think the measure is meant to apply for fiscal debts . 
  i 'm sure they remember pretty well how terribly they polled the last time they threw out a left-wing government because it was n't left-wing enough for their tastes . 
   that did n't exist when the talks with the president were being held , and its existence requires compromising the individual electoral programs so would a government of paf with ps . 
   no one voted for this program one does not vote for government programmes because nobody can know how the future government will be supported and which parties will form alliances to sustain it . 
  you vote based on proposals by parties , which are used as a basis for compromise and discussion between political forces . 
   it 's a false requirement for a democracy to demand a majority in the first place . 
  a minority government should be able to rule just fine if it was voted in as long as the opposition does in fact make suggestions , compromises and appeals so the opposition should be forced to vote for measures they disagree with , such as some of the austerity policies the ex-government wanted to impose ? 
  because otherwise the government would have fallen at the next state budget , and that would leave us in an even more complicated position . 
  otherwise you probably should consider voting in a party that proposes an electoral reform to adopt a `` winner takes it all '' system , to allow the winning party to rule with its programme even if it is in the minority . 
  one could even say he holds very little views . 
  frankly it seems to me you are not telling the story has it happened but rather has the narrative your side has built wanted it to have happened . 
  there were discussions but paf was clearly not available to give up their austerity minded programme - to approve it would have been acting against the will of the anti-austerity majority . 
  the will of the people was for a policy change : that was the main focus of the programmes that got a absolute majority . 
  i ca n't see how a group of mps elected by over half of the voters and representing 123 of 230 mps is acting against the will of the people . 
  i am obviously joking . 
  i would pay to see this because it would be one of the biggest drama burst in the history of recent democracy . 
  i sincerely hope it does n't happen . 
  i will say he is not a marie le pen in terms of his social views . 
  or ( and i 'd pay to see this ) : nominate a new prime minister : paulo portas, 
   the eu 's greece policy has been an absolute shower and the people responsible for it should be fired . 
  the way you fire politicians is by the means of elections . 
  we had one of those in 2014 , it largely reconfirmed the same political forces as legitimate policy makers . 
  dont expect different policy if the european people seem happy to reelect their officials . 
  i imagine further legal consequences can be enacted if the threat of a daily fine is n't enough to make facebook start to follow the law ? 
  what fits ? 
  he is the only one who seems to have parliamentary support . 
  who else should be prime-minister ? 
  i keep being amazed at how unusual the situation is being made to be . 
  i ca n't imagine the histrionics if be entered a government . 
   because it 's a cultural problem you keep stating this as if it is some huge revelation .
