  i am really struggling to make sense of what you wrote . 
  you appear to say that tsipras is to blame because they could n't get a deal that would allow the greek economy to recover ( ie , eschew the failed austerity policies of the last few years ) while not defaulting on their debt . 
  i do n't really agree with this perspective because of both sides of the negotiation the greek government was by far the one who ceded the most ground . 
  had the eurozone agreed to the greek proposal they would not have met the greeks half way by a long shot . 
  they would have met the greeks right at the troika 's doorsteps , but not fully inside their house . 
  as for your first point you seem to be missing the fact that the other parties actually agreed to the bad deals , which syriza criticized and i personally think history has proven they were right . 
  syriza has not agreed to such deals . 
  since the eurozone could not be negotiated with even after extensive giveins by the greek part , the govenrment is left with two choices : accept the same bad deal the other parties accepted and continue the circle of austerity or default . 
  i do n't see how this can be interpreted as anything other than throwing greece out of the eurozone . 
  they are asking the greek government to go against the mandate its people have given it , which naturally is impossible and would be undemocratic . 
  the only way left is either getting a new popular mandate , which the government said was a possibility , or default . 
  so in the end its a solution , not a great solution but perhaps the only one available for thousands and thousands of people in greece and in other struggling countries . 
  it 's sad . 
  when your government gets to the point of asking for donations i do n't think any amount of donations will help . 
  i ca n't think of a worst way for a state to lose face than that . 
   this is not very relevant either . 
  almost all european countries have a greek community . 
  if you do a bit of research , you can find them . 
  even if you do n't know even english , you can probably ( temporarily ) get a job in a greek restaurant . 
  most expats are happy to help in such cases . 
  at least , i know we are here in canada . 
  i find it very hard to believe that the community of greek expats could provide a job for every greek wanting to leave the country . 
  the reason they can is probably because not all who are unemployed want to leave the country . 
  if they left they would quickly find that it is n't so easy to find jobs outside . 
  which is why i think its a bit silly to tell unemployed people `` oh you are just a lazy bum , just leave the country ! '' . 
  not to speak that this is very harmful also to the country being left . 
   the money is minimal . 
  bus/train trip total could cost you somewhere in the range of 100-200 euros if you plan correctly . 
  everyone can find that money if really needed . 
  pawn something or take a small loan . 
  i do n't see that as a valid point unless you are literally homeless and have no family . 
  there 's also the entirety of the costs of setting your life up in the destination . 
  you have to handle everything that comes with it such as an house , electricity , all other kinds of expenses . 
  does n't sound cheap to me . 
  not everyone can do it though , you need to have money for the trip , know the language of the country you are going to , have nothing tying you to your country ( such as needing to take care of ill or disabled family members ) ... 
   on r/europe ? 
  you must be joking . 
  anybody even implying that the greek population had any say in this will get downvoted . 
  no everything was going great before the eu . 
  this ? 
  it definitely did n't . 
  oh and it is very mature of you to downvote posts because you disagree with them . 
  as it is now fully clear you are not looking for any sort of reasonable mature debate i am turning off inbox notifications . 
  must no be visiting the same subreddit at all . 
  everyone basically circlejerks about how the greeks are all lazy , liars , use the acronym pigs to refer to the group of countries who are also lazy and liars and happens to include greece , etc. . . and circlejerk some more about how austerity policies is the only way to whip their asses into order and obeying the wise leadership of the eu that will lead them to prosperity despite the fact that 6 years of going beyond austerity lead us to this point . 
  i thought the agreed consensus was that the blame was all on the side of lazy greeks , living the high life leeching off our euromonies . 
  i 'd actually formulate a better response but you do n't really seem to be interested in it so i will just use the same level of discourse you have presented so far . 
  you already gave tsipras enough of a reason to say that by presenting him that proposal as a take it or leave it kind of deal . 
  i mean even the moderate eu friendly negotiator tsipras replaced varoufakis with was outraged by the proposal . 
  heck , even the pro-deal to potami party were outraged by it . 
  you have kicked greece out of the eurozone . 
  that seems abundantly clear by now . 
  it is not reduced merely be decriminalizing it . 
  its the therapy and treatment that is freely given without fear of criminal charges that does it and that costs money . 
  as far as i know no major political party proposes to roll back the decriminalization . 
  if it 's even on anybodies government plans they keep it as low key as possible . 
  it is not used as a campaign talking point at all . 
  also it is not considered a big deal in portugal 's public opinion . 
  i 've probably seen it brought up on reddit more than in any portuguese conversation , newspaper or public opinion . 
  my city had it pretty bad though of course the working class neighbourhoods and `` islands '' had it worse . 
  public parks were a disgrace too , you really had to watch your step for needles . 
  and i think anyone at least knew somebody who had fallen into heroin addiction . 
  rural areas probably did n't have it so bad . 
  i live in porto personally but i 've heard similar stories from lisboners . 
  he 's probably just hungover from this morning 's cup of gin or five . 
  maybe by looking at a particular statistic you can come to that conclusion but let me tell you that living in the country the difference between now and then is completely night and day . 
  you could n't have your kids play in public gardens because there were needles everywhere and heroin addiction ran rampant . 
  it is a much less severe problem now, 
  it seems safer to be a criminal if you do n't have guns and the police does n't have guns . 
  not that i think criminals are the sort to care for work safety . 
  elections can be held fast if you invoke national emergency i expect . 
  remember that in greece the elections were in 25th of january and by the 28th the government was already being sworn in so i guess they are not big on formalities . 
  this `` satire '' remembers me of the fucking attack helicopter meme . 
  one has to wonder if they even tried to come up with something creative before falling back to the greece is bankrupts haha wait why is nobody laughing routine . 
   is a monetary union of 19 european union member states funny , i remember the eu having a few member states more than 19 ... 
  so maybe eurozone is indeed not the same as the eu . 
  dude , you just stated eu = eurozone . 
  i do n't think there is much one can do to know less about this than you . 
  not really . 
  well and it sounds all very good and awesome when you just mention the gdp but what are the conditions of the workers in those countries ? 
  i 've heard they are not so hot in china - oh and china has a myriad of advantageous conditions for growth that you would n't find in greece . 
  the purpose of having a strong economy is not simply generating wealth : it 's making sure it is being fairly distributed among the participants in the economic activity . 
  something that the austerity diktat imposed on some countries in europe has not been at all doing . 
  we do not elect a government so that it simply accepts as unchangeable the sad reality we live in . 
  we expect that some effort is made to improve on such a reality , rather than make it progressively worse for us and better for businesses on the vain hope that some day whatever trickles down will lead to some amount of social justice . 
  also the logic can easily be reversed . 
  without workers there is no business . 
  it 's workers that make businesses move and ultimately its workers that buy what businesses have to sell . 
  there has recently been an outrage in portugal about people who are unemployed because they refuse to take such amazing deals as being paid by the hour ( no vacation , no right to take a leave for health reasons , no right to any protection against at will firing ) at a rate 10 % below the minimum wage ( for less than a full week worht of work officially , but most workers end up working more than the official work hours anyway ) . 
  there are also not very clear means to force a country to leave the eu though , which in essence means that there is very little to be done when greece starts printing drachmas except accepting it and moving on . 
  i do n't think any one really wants to expel greece from the eu , or if some political party in power does the internal electoral costs of such a radical measure would be far too large for them to contemplate it . 
  how did you answer the op 's question when his question was about the eurozone and you said they should be allowed to stay in the eu ? 
  the problem is that by following this logic you always end up doing what is more favourable to the businesses , to the detriment of worker rights , because most workers can not simply refuse to work for the price businesses demand for them while businesses can always go elsewhere . 
  it 's really a problem for the workers with globalization , all countries are engaged in this race to the bottom when it comes to worker rights in a bid to please increasingly demanding businesses . 
  their labour force must always be cheaper , their taxes must always be lower , regulation must always be laxer ... 
  businesses hold far too much power in the worker employer relationship right now . 
  employees need them so they must accept any and all conditions . 
  businesses can always move to one of the countless countries willing to take a piss on worker rights . 
  when you create a new currency you set its value with regards to other currencies . 
  after all you are the only one who has that currency in hand so you are the one who can set the price you are willing to sell it for .
