  then it is because your country does n't produce more and you simply have to live within your means . 
   austerity = fascism where did i talk about fascism ? 
  one can even argue fascism is n't a strictly right wing system . 
   2 ) ps is a center-left party and has a tradition of making deals with the center-right on core issues where some degree of agreement or compromise is possible ( the converse also hold ; marcelo allowed guterres to rule without an absolute majority ) . 
  ps lost the election because under costa it turned its direction towards populist left-wing policies and flirting with groups like livre ( and not distancing himself from socrates and his cronies ) . 
  costa 's statements on syriza captured this sentiment this perfectly . 
  their loss had nothing to do with being too `` center '' . 
  a perfectly valid interpretation . 
  my own interpretation is that between right wing policies by right wing parties and right wing policies by make believe left wing parties one always ends up preferring the true thing . 
   i feel you are too confident about how all of ps ' mps will vote in the case of a motion of confidence . 
  i feel you are too confident of the opposite . 
   where is portugal 's syriza ? 
  where was greece 's syriza 7 years ago ? 
   ps ' future demise is more similar to the labour 's under corbyn . 
  the comparison between costa and corbyn kinda shows how large your bias is . 
  costa is a centre-left politician at best , surely not a socialist . 
  you yourself said he identified too closely with socrates which just makes the whole notion he is ps 's corbyn quite laughable . 
   `` class war '' idea which is absolute bollocks . 
  if that 's what you call a pretty well studied and documented phenomenon , sure . 
   ( as we witnessed in my country ) did n't your country spend the last 5 years implementing exactly the policies the eurozone dictated you must follow ? 
  how 's that going for you ? 
  let me tell you it 's not doing us any favours here . 
   that 's a strawman . 
  in fact , it 's such an obvious strawman , i could bloody put it in a textbook on logical falacies as a good example of a strawman . 
  again , please inform yourself about the fallacies you are accusing me off . 
  throwing random fallacies you heard somewhere in the internet at an argument is not a proper way to discuss . 
   `` tax people appropriately and logically '' leads to a good economy . 
  exactly . 
  which is why the current politics being imposed upon us by the eurozone diktat are utter lunacy . 
  they tax the creaters of wealth , the workers , far far more than the owners of the means of production . 
  also you have no idea of what a strawman is . 
  what really benefits poor people is coddling the rich some more . 
  brilliant plan , i 'm sure it would have worked if we had been implmementing it for 30 years . 
   economics is brutal and people like you actively fight those who want to change that . 
  the difference is that you see what they do as objectionable . 
  i 'm not saying the defense force needs to be small . 
  i 'm just saying i would n't support foreign countries unilaterally deciding to use portuguese military forces for acts of aggression in foreign territory . 
  the summit at base das lages was already abhorrent enough . 
  i have no trust in the nato big countries after that particular fiasco and i have very little reason to think an european army under full command of some centralized european organization would n't act in a similar fashion . 
  but how is it fair that countries inside the european union have to deal with people who do n't want to go there in the first place and take that hit in place of germany ? 
  germany has a long way to go before it becomes as poor as some of the countries it is trying to impose its refugees on . 
  surely only when she reached that point would she have legitimacy to demand solidarity from others , particularly when she has so hamfistedly imposed monetary policy that has been very bad for poor countries in the eurozone ? 
  look at greece : it 's full of people who do n't want to remain there and it has very little in the way of money to sustain those people . 
  why should she be forced to host these unwilling refugees ? 
  it would be different if they specifically sought out greece , but they want to go to central europe . 
  if i was greece i would simply give them supplies to last out the journey and put them on a train to central europe . 
  from their point of view their poverty is also not reasonable . 
  it is unlikely they will stop coming . 
  we can not be an ivory tower . 
   this will certainly stop economical refugees i can not act this coldly towards economical refugees . 
  i would do the same on their position and i see no justification for why they should arbitrarily be excluded from the wealth we experience here and the relatively high levels of living . 
  the border fence solves nothing ... 
  merely the people that are looking to get into the country will instead have to sleep on the border and probably die of starvation or have another country give help . 
  you ca n't simultaneously be a extremely rich nation and expect others to simply live in poverty . 
  there are quite a few cases of people who make money and have no fun at all . 
   my point is that a true right wing government would n't expand the welfare state to the point it is now . 
  most right-wing governments have been steadily decreasing the scope of the social state . 
  the social-state has been on the shrinking ever since the first fmi government . 
  the name of the psd game is that the poor probably should go ask the church for help , either that or pull those bootstraps harder . 
  public expense has been on the rise , sure , but most of that has been public buildings and corrupt deals with privates , which are a speciality of the right wing . 
  not to mention that incident where speculators on the debt market decided all of a sudden to up our interest rates for no good reason because they suddenly realized they had been invesing in bubbles all along . 
  as she said i do n't imagine she thought she 'd have to share a bunk with her husband in a small bedroom somewhere in a refugee camp in her 40 . 
  i sure do n't expect it and i hope my life never takes that turn . 
  it really is heartbreaking the things these people are forced to live through . 
  makes me realise how privileged i am to have a reasonably confortable life , and how purely arbitrary reasons could have dictated i would have to live with a refugees or a homeless person circumstances . 
  it does n't seem right or fair . 
   public expenditures have risen even when portugal had `` right wing '' governments . 
  ok , your point being ? 
   most if not all socialists i know are against what 's happening right now i seem to have the exact opposite experience . 
   i the best that they should have done was let the coalation take place and wait for the right time to overthrow it . 
  their electorate would n't forgive them if we took another 2 years of austerity hit , particularly with all the shit thats about to come up . 
  that 's what i keep hearing from the anti imigration crowd . 
  well , i think your point of view is very biased and that makes you perceive everything to your left as being left-wing when it probably is n't . 
  still it is nice that you recognize that the government parties for the last 4 years drifted to the right . 
  consequently it is plain to see why maybe ps would be in hot water with its electorate if it made an alliance with them , particularly after having viciously denounced their anti-constitutional law proposals during the campaign and the last legislature . 
  they also happen to be heavily opposed to attacking people with knives for political disagreements . 
  you know , we are a very tolerant and open-minded people . 
   there is a very big group of germans who are so extremly frustrated about the far-left mainstream dude if you think your far-left is mainstream you should check out where i 'm living . 
  and it still never got over 20 % in an election . 
  i would support it on the condition that there would never be boots on the ground or bombardments of foreign territories or any other offensive action . 
  purely defensive force , sure . 
  so the alternative is that she should give in to terrorists ? 
   even in the elections they critised ps ps criticised psd in the election . 
  thus any agreement is illegitimate . 
   also , the socialist party is extremely divided right now , as some reasonable folks are aware of the disaster this is for them , for short - and long-term . 
  negotiating with the communists along the tune of `` we 're all one big left '' is a betrayal of the party 's identity , its history , and the trust of many of its voters . 
  so it would be negotiating with a psd that diverged rapidly to the right and away from social-democracy in the last 4 years . 
  people seem to forget that . 
   a ps government would n't last 6 months . 
  and a minority government of paf would n't last until the mandatory motion of confidence . 
  if stability is the name of the game for the president his best bet no matter how flimsy it is would be the deal that secures a majority . 
  not to mention of how the electorate would react to such an action . 
  it would punish the right pretty badly , i believe . 
  sounds like terrorism to me . 
  we must fight this antithesis of european values . 
  `` he was just mentally ill this has nothing to do with politics '' . 
  well if the other countries keep imposing policies that hamper our ability to compete and promote their own it is hardly democratic is it ? 
   well , we just stacked the entire game against you . 
  it 's not our fault you ca n't compete in the rules we made to perfectly suit us and that we only selectevily impose upon ourselves . 
  the left parties together have more votes and more mps than the right wing party .
