  did n't you hear ? 
  only the greek government lies !, 
  it catched up to them in january when they realized that chopping off another limb was n't likely to get them up and walking about any time soon . 
  it should but that ship has sailed . 
  greece actually tried to hold such a referendum on their country - the eurozone forbade them . 
  [ here 's the correct letter , if facts still interest / r/europe . 
  well , if we are taking the council of europe seriously ... 
  how the fuck is calling for a referendum before giving more money to a country who 's neck deep in debts that they probably ca n't pay radical ? 
   these people nice . 
  if anything the ` no ' side has reasons to complain about how the referendum was handled , what with the media openly calling for the yes vote and refusing to give equal coverage . 
  and lets not forget the nd polling stunt . 
  greece has friendly relations with russia . 
  you were n't barking up samaras ' tree whenever he made a call to the head of state of a very important country for greece . 
  i wonder why ... 
  he never saw the colour of it . 
  one day he just got told : hey now you have to pay for 246 billion euros . 
  the more i stay on reddit the more i understand that it is not actually better than a newspaper comment section , it just superficially appears to be . 
  the un approved of it and even expressed support for it . 
  of course any link post to this was buried in downvotes because / r/europe . 
  the hate is now open . 
  this sub is a echo chamber . 
  the problem is that even in other countries that `` behaved well '' ( i think the greek were the ones who behaved the best given the measure they were put through ) there is no reversal in sight for the policies of austerity . 
  it 's basically here to stay : i ca n't imagine this being the new normal . 
  someone some day will have to say `` enough '' there are so many rich people and this is the best we can get for all our work ? 
  so many profits going around and the workers who make it all possible have to endure austerity forever ? 
  dirty truth that : the profits never stop flowing . 
  when shit hits the fan , cut the workers so that profits can kept being distributed . 
  portuguese banks were distributing profits all the way from 2011 to this year , no problemo . 
  protest ? 
  you are the problem , a lazy worker that does n't want to get on with the times and live with progressively less and work progressively more until there is little point in life besides working : if you are lucky enough to have that privilege . 
   many poorer countries managed to overcome big criss by cuting spending in 2009 and now have growth , what did you do ? 
  shit you did . 
  damn lazy bastards til the last 5 years in greece did n't actually happen . 
  now is the time for a certain state in the 19 member states to repay the greek solidarity it received long ago and stop thinking its all about me me me . 
  funny thing , it was the troika that made the greeks sell everything off . 
  first answer me this : how is austerity an alternative ? 
  what does the bleeding of the economy accomplish ? 
  why is it far for the poorer to pay so that some banks do n't crash and burn ? 
  the institutions surely ca n't be blamed for the consequences of following their plan for the last five years !, 
  that would be outrageous !, 
  i do n't know how you can keep a straight face and claim that what has been done to greece 's workers is for the best . 
  is that the path we as a union want to go down to ? 
  race to the bottom ? 
  if it 's gon na be one of the usual absolute brain dead `` they 've been living the high life and drinking ouzo by the seaside '' you do n't need to bother . 
  we 've all heard that particular piece of oligarch propaganda . 
  so this is how you repay the greek generosity , and the proceed to complain that the greek do n't like you after you 've been so generous with them . 
  any generosity you 've show towards them , they 've already shown towards you tenfold . 
  because the average greek is the one being asked to pay for the loan ? 
  hogwash . 
  the greek have given a lot in the last past years , they have gone through many sacrifices in the name of this so called austerity that plain and simple does not work . 
  good intentions are not good enough here : results are what matters . 
  bleeding the greek people die for the sake of a few banks not crashing and burning lead us here , make no mistake . 
  the elephant in the room that everybody tries to pretend is not there . 
   they can not be reasoned with . 
  the `` radical left '' were not the hardliners here . 
  lets not rewrite history . 
  i 'm afraid too close a distance between us would start to dillute our superior and much more poetic accent . 
  you told me so indeed , 
  yes , you are the enlightened one that understands . 
  might as well stop having any elections : if the people ca n't understand what they are voting for surely the leaders they elect also ca n't understand . 
  i do n't doubt that in the slightest . 
  charity does n't exist . 
  i still do n't know what they intend to do if they ca n't get money though . 
  [ i love germany so much , i 'd like there to be two of them !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/fran%c3%a7ois_mauriac ) just kidding , i would n't replace any single country . 
  spoiled/blank votes were counted in the poll . 
  in the actual election they are counted for statistical purposes but the option with more votes wins . 
  the very way the votes are counted and the fact that there are only two options guarantees a majority . 
   also it would guarantee that greece contributes something to the world in exchange for the money it has burned through to this point . 
  what the fuck ? 
  and how do you feed yourself then ? 
  conjure money and food out of thin air ? 
  not to mention that then people like you will once again blame everything on the workers that are lazy and only want to work if they get paid for it instead of `` improving their skills '' by taking unpaid internships that are just low grade jobs in disguise . 
  let me try to get you to understand : people are desperate for jobs , young people particularly are very desperate . 
  but there are much more people looking for a job than jobs on offer . 
  you know what comes out of this and the law of supply and demand : employers are requiring people to have at least two years of working experience for example . 
  people will then take any kind of job : even if it only pays for a daily meal ( law requirement ) and transportation , sometimes not even that . 
  they call it an internship and they justify it by saying that those people do n't do worthwhile jobs and are only there to learn the ropes and are not actually benefiting the company . 
  in reality they are working 8-8 5 days a week for no pay doing jobs that would otherwise require paying a salary . 
  they work on holidays , they work on weekends , they work on christmas and they work on worker 's day : they do n't see a cent in extra hours pay . 
  if they protest well , roll over beethoven , plenty of other people willing to do it . 
  and we are talking people with college degrees : those who only concluded secondary education have it much , much worse . 
  well it is a joke if it is n't binding : the cabinet can simply choose to do as it pleases then ? 
  i think they will honour that decision even if by law it does not make it binding , political suicide otherwise . 
  edit : yes i am aware many of you believe that they committed political suicide already . 
  no you did n't ask me something . 
  you called me stupid , you insulted me and you conjured wild conspiration theories out of thin air . 
  then you asked me if i know what will happen if they vote oxi and i ask you what that has to do with having a referendum . 
  no outcomes are guaranteed ever : they did n't know what would happen if they voted syriza or nd either . 
  at least syriza is the only party in europe willing to give the people a voice in their most decisive moments . 
  one has to applaud that , if we hope not to live the democracy of the confort : someone else is to blame but me . 
  you are not arguint in good faith . 
  lead by who ? 
  samaras does n't look the type . 
  and well the consequences of a civil war ... 
  i do n't know i think nai will win , tsipras will quiet and there will be a technocratic government establishing the troika 's plan , probably with more aggressive measures . 
  in the long term this is n't particularly good for greece but in the mean time serious humanitarian problems are averted . 
  it is very tragic !, 
  much more tragic than any of thus of course , and our thoughts should be first with them . 
  i would n't blame them in the slightest , but it is an horrible thing for a country and for a people to bleed its young like that .
