why not just magic up something that does n't exist yet ? 
  i hate reddit 's misconception that scientist are people you shove money into and get the cool tech that you need . 
  synthetic meat is in it 's early stages and who knows if it 's even going to be better than quorn ( seriously replace all your mince with quorn mince , you wo n't notice the difference ) . 
  but britain is closer to germany . 
  in the way germany has done it yes , i 'll agree with you . 
  what we need is to support systems on the edge of the eu to process those who come and share the refugees out . 
  we also need to take refugees directly from the camps and in syria while supporting solutions in the middle east . 
  we need to both deal with the crisis we have and the future of the crisis . 
  doing one or the other wo n't work , we have to do both and it has to be an eu wide effort . 
  yes and i commend that aspect of it , but it ignores the problems of our neighbors in the eu . 
  they have issues where they do n't have the resources to deal with those that get there , so we need to help them out , every eu country needs to help fund their border controls and their programs for dealing with immigrants and take a fair proportion of the refugees . 
  i do n't think any eu country is doing this well , i commend germany 's efforts but without an eu response it made the situation worse . . just because we are n't in the schengen zone , does n't mean we 're immune from the problems , just look at calais . 
  i 'm not in agreement with eastern europe . 
  what do you do with the refugees who are here ? 
  the uk 's plan essentially says , let southern eu deal with it and fuck it . 
  i the eu as a whole has this attitude of `` not my problem '' when one or a bunch of its members has an issue it ca n't deal with the eu is going to collapse . 
  you realise you are saddened by some guy on the internet 's strawman . 
  you 're better off with a hill , so you can see them coming . 
  i can see why you would n't like that sort of comment even still . 
  that sort of comment tends to hold the conversation in a very superficial place . 
  there will defiantly be at least two campaigns , there will be a smaller left wing one that 'll want nothing to do with ukip . 
  you have to be really careful with false positives . 
  say there are 10,000 terrorists in the eu and we can detect terrorists with 99.9 % efficiency , there will be ~ 500,000 innocent picked up . 
  if you think half of all muslims will rush into europe , then europe becoming predominately muslim is impossible . 
  we have let the terrorist win . 
  we have let ourselves be offended by academic thought that dares to question the wider sociological reasons for terrorism . 
  we have let terrorists continue to blur the line between terrorist and the other . 
  we have given out government 's undue power out of fear . 
  even wilhelm ii for that wrong . 
  you 're mistaking news stories with evidence . 
  poorer people are more likely to commit nearly every kind of crime . 
  but it 's probability , you are going to get rich sex offenders and most poor people ( and immigrants ) do n't commit crimes , but you see that increase based on social class and wealth and it 's useful to look at why that happens on a larger scale than individuals are rotten scumbags . 
  if you want to lower the rate of crime you need to attempt to understand its roots on a community scale and simply saying it 's because people are scumbags is n't useful to the understanding . 
  the group of people who are new migrants are n't all criminals , finding out why new migrants have higher rates of crime could help us identify who to keep a closer eye on more precisely and to find ways to avoid this group being consisting of so many criminals . 
  they do exist , but they are rare . 
  which is based off infrastructure based on wealth gained through imperialism . 
  i think that a lot of the colonialism of the british empire was evil . 
  does that mean i should n't take a student loan because it 's funded by the british government . 
  of course not , that 's a stupid argument . 
  i do n't know how the rhodes scholarship works , but i doubt it 's still funded by his money and under his terms . 
  i know nothing about rhodes and i 'm not here to take a side on that debate but the scholarship is irrelevant . 
  it may be hypocritical , but so what , that does n't change the argument . 
  you should be able to criticise who you like . 
  the name of your scholarship should have no bearing on what you can say . 
  it would also ruin you pension . 
  it could just have a common root . 
  i do n't understand why the abortion debate is so polarised , it 's not like gay marriage , there are good arguments on both sides . 
  his platform was labour party democracy , socialist economic policy and anti nuclear weapons . 
  people voted for him because of that and his opponents were useless . 
  i do n't like being called a crazy person by someone who does n't know what they 're talking about . 
  in context it 's pretty good . 
  there are a lot of arguments that sway europhiles based on structural issues with the eu , such as the democratic deficit , rather than the idea of a united europe . 
  those in the in camp on the left often agree these are issues , but we should push to reform them rather than leave the eu . 
  it seems like the euros are going to look like a rugby tournament . 
  that depends if the left have a hissy fit and vote le pen or do n't turn up because meh establishment politicians , as some did here and in the us . 
  this is the kind of accelerationist stupidity that has doomed the eu . 
  there is an attitude that further political integration is neccisary in a crisis , but is too politically expensive to do it right now , so they wait for the crisis and realise the neccisary integration is n't possible . 
  not particularly , as you serve both sentances concurrently . 
  i know . 
  scotus - united states will return articles that include scotus but not united states . 
  as far as i 'm aware google does n't conceptually do that metaphorical maths . 
  scotus stands for supreme court of the united states . 
  china has no reason to look after russia . 
  italy is more important ( higher gdp ) to china than russia . 
  house prices in england are inflated by big cities . 
  yet another leave voter whining about the consiquences of their actions . 
  i thought the pastafarians could wear a collender . 
  i 'm on my phone , so i do n't have a source at the moment , but i thought in large amounts it was a poison . 
  also i did n't mean incredibly toxic . 
  nicotine is great , gives you a nice head rush and is a stimulant . 
  incredibly physically addictive though and toxic . 
  good for you . 
  the burka is the symptom of an incredibly complicated issue . 
  banning the burka is like using a carcinogenic hair restorer on a leukemia sufferer . 
  it 's a vain attempt to deal with the cosmetic issues of misogyny . 
  there are no easy solutions , banning the burka will drive extremism by adding even more barriers between cultures . 
   we wo n't know the impact of brexit for at least 10 years . 
  i would consider a decline in the uk 's overall wealth as a price worth paying . 
  i hope you realise why remainers are pissed off . 
  we 're facing a drop in our wealth because a bunch of idiots on tv managed to convince just over half the population that some warped idea about sovereignty and ` control ' is worth it . 
  wales are still in . 
  in football . 
  a bit late . 
  ha no . 
  removing freedom of movement does n't stop illegal immigration . 
  you have to remember # 350m a week , is 75p per person per day . 
  it ai n't massive in the scheme of things . 
  maybe a dumb question , but did the united states commit genocide or was it colonizers before the formation of the usa ? 
  ok that 's a fair argument . 
  it 's the constant whining about neo-liberalism that i have an issue with . 
  i do n't know about the sld , but we get the same shit flung at us here as moderates in the uk labour party . 
  when in power around the same period we introduced the minimum wage , we funded our health service so that we did n't have a crisis in 13 years , we fixed early years education , especially in previously impoverished inner city areas , and the list goes on . 
  and this is why the left is losing , you can blaim the populist right all you want , but they where inspired by you lot . 
  they use the same arguments but swap out vague concepts like neo-liberalism with tangible things like immigration . 
  every time a moderate lefty trys to make an actual difference we are shouted down by you lot , who ignore our sucesses and instead screech about neo-liberalism . 
  you hate us more than the right . 
  it seems the divisions in a lot of the west have gone from the economic left/right , but to open/closed . 
  should left wing parties continue to try and bridge this gap where we have failed recently or try and fully represent the open sentiment , and step back from anti-market arguments that have be stolen and corrupted by the right ? 
  you know , that protest is a perfect expression of free speech against speech they do n't like . 
  deportation happen to migrants , just not refugees .
