  who is who in this scenario ? 
  they 're so fucking sensitive . 
  even the ones that moan about people being too sensitive these days . 
  not tonight bruv !, 
   gon na hit the beach after work bastard . 
  satellite/overspill towns . 
  that sort of shit . 
  most of it is pretty good though . 
  liverpool is a lot cooler now . 
  the music is still shit though . 
  thank you france for all the bantz . 
  i mean , if you 're going to generalise all immigrants as stealing and raping , then yes , that 's probably a bit racist . 
  per capita or gross ? 
  yeah we ai n't going anywhere imo . 
  even with a referendum . 
  the closer the election gets , the less i 'm hearing about europe and immigration and all that . 
  i do n't think these issues are as large as people tend to make out . 
  typical british . 
  we love a moan but not sure we really mean it . 
  people seem to be more concerned with the economy now it 's coming to the crunch . 
  it 's slowly being adopted in london at least, 
  this is good for bitcoin . 
  what are all the different forms ? 
  just a brief outline please . 
  yeah that was bullshit . 
  the point stands in certain extreme circumstances but it 's not something that actually stands up to scrutiny . 
  if you take the cheapest flights you can find then extrapolate that price to every day of the year then it was cheaper to do that . 
   the issue is that for a while the approach has been to not talk about those problems , because they are then immediately racially/culturally sensitive . 
  here 's why you 're getting into so many arguments . 
  this sounds like one of those , `` oh you ca n't even talk about it without being shouted down as a racist '' catch phrases , pinning the blame on people that condemn racism . 
  where as the more i read about it , the more i think you 're just saying that opposing groups do n't do a very good job of engaging each other . 
  which is true . 
  these issues are constantly discussed in the media , in pubs , in government , in the minorities in question , and frequently between many of these groups . 
  i 'm not really sure what you 're trying to say tbh . 
  they really have . 
  i actually do n't mind a fair bit of ukip 's policies but that subreddit is just poisonous . 
  we 're literally always bloody talking about it . 
  it 's worrying how much overlap in users there is between that subreddit and / r/ukipparty, 
  fyi three in the uk do n't have roaming charges for a decent amount of countries . 
  and certain ee plans include roaming minutes and texts ; no data though . 
  also , see below . 
  hdi seems to be improving for us as well http://hdr.undp.org/en/composite/trends, 
  the epi is apparently affiliated to the labour movement . 
  do you consider yourself a strong proponent of left wing ideals ? 
  that 's not a very good source . 
  it starts out with a premise and just runs and runs with it . 
  there is no mention anywhere of any positive impacts for other members of nafta , and it down plays some of the obvious benefits to the usa for completely ideological reasons . 
  for some reason investors are n't important and workers trump all . 
  it 's like some new age marxism . 
  if you wan na look at the long term , the sooner global development reaches a strong level , the sooner we can put an end to surges of migration that causes the cultural issues we currently see with immigration . 
  strong trading is good for everyone on a practical level . 
  trying to put our fingers in our ears and revert to isolationism and protectionism seems like a luddite approach . 
  what evidence do you to back this up ? 
  quality of life has been improving on the whole world wide for decades now . 
  free market trade has been possibly the biggest driver of global development since the dawn of the industrial revolution . 
  i think opposing that is a foolish idea . 
  they 're still black ... 
  okay . 
  pretty huge jump to assume op was saying to only teach it as atrocities though . 
  but here you are endorsing white washing history yourself , in your previous comment . 
  i bet you were one of those people complaining about `` white washing '' history when cecil rhodes statue was being protested against . 
  except this is not true : * frogs * krauts * jocks * paddies, 
  oh you 're specifically talking about muslims . 
  thought you just said immigrants . 
  you know most of them have right ? 
  can you explain how that would work in practice ? 
  on reddit , if you tell someone a story about how you once held in a fart , there will be at least a few people crying that it 's censorship . 
  and the right hits back immediately to retake the lead . 
  the left had scored from seemingly nowhere yesterday , with a bombshell of a revelation . 
  but the right have battled back with a scrappy one today . 
  a real hum dinger of a battle going on here , which is not in any way pathetic . 
  yes , it 's quite ironic indeed . 
  left wing ideas seem to be very popular amongst a significant portion of reddit in particular , whilst at the same time they denounce lefties . 
  it is quite literally nationalist socialism . 
  nazis are irrelevant really , it 's a shame the phrase is instantly tied to them . 
  this is simply the issue at hand here . 
  i ca n't disagree with any of your points . 
  it 's not racist , it 's not bigotry , i hope nobody accuses you of that . 
  i fucking hate the bullshit that comes along with this issue from people using it as a political football . 
  can you please explain to me how being pro immigration can be interpreted as nationalism ? 
  authoritarian nationalism seems to be the dictionary definition . 
  not sure how allowing in and supporting lots of migrants comes under that , but whatever you say mate . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/445977/3799_revised_prevent_duty_guidance__england_wales_v2-interactive.pdf page 19 . 
  point 137 . 
  or it could come in the shape of murdering migrants . 
  people have been convicted of terrorism simply for buying certain magazines i believe . 
  how can you have such strong views with such little grasp of the reality of the situation ? 
  do you think these visits could be related to the sort of campaigns we see online that call to , `` exterminate them all , even their spawnlings . 
  any one that at leave alive is another terrorist to cause problems for our children '' ? 
  did he claim for asylum ? 
  do n't grant them asylum ? 
  when people insist that the * only * reason this happened was because people were afraid of racism accusations , they are doing nothing to help address the issue , and are simply manipulating the issue for political ends , and making it harder to make sure this never happens again . 
  it 's not as bad as the cover up , but it 's a very similar scenario . 
  refusing to take an holistic approach to the issue because of one 's political agenda , contributing to the continual poor handling of the issue . 
  no who am i referring to there ? 
  it 's hard to say is n't it . 
  and that 's my point . 
  i have no problem with the discussion , condemnation and criticism of all parties to blame with this issue . 
  i 'm not saying it should n't be dissected . 
  labour absolutely should be attacked .
