  most human beings are not aggressive beggars , or sleeping rough on the streets . 
  i really fail to see his point . 
  there 's a lot of us that want to stay . 
  probably most . 
  but now even you guys are being swayed our tabloid bullshit . 
  starting to feel like you guys just want us to fuck off . 
  yeah italy not trusting italy was the highlight for me . 
  we use our transit time as alone time . 
  two birds one stone . 
  sometimes i ca n't tell if we 're euro-sceptic or if europe is anglo-phobic . 
  i 'm going to burn that fucking goat down . 
  this whole thing is a wind up surely . 
  muslims and feminists hate your culture !, 
  what will they ban next !, 
  yeah . 
  of course mate . 
  protect them all you want . 
  they will never be safe from me . 
  brazil . 
  brazil has every single last thing that you could wish to do . 
  apart from skiing . 
  that 's literally the only thing it does n't have imo . 
  it 's like disney world for adults . 
   i definitely swam in one of the lower lakes yeah . 
  you probably should n't have done that . 
  basically ... fucking all of it . 
  i love travelling . 
  croatia is the 2nd best country i 've ever been to . 
  going back for my honeymoon next july . 
  go visit / r/travel and search for croatia if you want specifics , but i 've written loads in there , and so have others . 
  please say it was janet street porter . 
  i 've been wondering lately why the uk and germany do n't join forces on a lot things really . 
  they could maybe shape the eu to suit them both a bit more . 
  exactly . 
  you do n't even have a point . 
  what am i supposed to be rebutting ? 
  what 's the question here ? 
  ttfn . 
  yeah i know . 
  it 's always them ones that seem to hate islamic fundamentalists the most as well . 
  peculiar world we live in . 
  i just do n't like the implication in this picture that gays are evil . 
  i do n't think that 's the sort of roots that should be held in high esteem . 
   i think homophobia is a misapplied label that 's used by lazy people in an attempt to silence any potential critics - just as you have done above . 
  what a load of cobblers . 
  the implication in this picture is pretty obvious . 
  you 're talking complete bollocks mate . 
  i actually do n't know what point you are trying to make or question you are trying to ask . 
  you 're waffling on about all sorts of tosh . 
  look at the picture in question , and its views on homosexuals . 
  i do n't think those are the sort of roots people should aspire to cling to . 
  i do n't know what all this conspiracy bollocks is you 're talking about . 
  aboout `` having your assumptions about the cultural superiority of the west challenged ? '', 
  i mean wtf is that ? 
  where did you pull that rubbish from ? 
  so you think homophobia is acceptable ? 
   and why should russia worry about being ` left behind ' ? 
  where are we going that 's so important ? 
  what a fucking asinine comment . 
  that was a figure of speech . 
  i was simply referring to the rampant homophobia . 
  that 's not cool . 
  you can call it roots , but sometimes if you hold on too tightly to the past , you 're going to get left behind . 
  you are fucked in the head you know that . 
  you sound like one of those islamic fundamentalists , you seem to share an awful lot of views . 
  they always go on about western decadence as well . 
  there 's a difference between having strong roots and being a fucking moron . 
  treating homosexuality like a disease falls firmly in the latter imo . 
  i love it when people say this . 
  so ridiculous . 
  the trouble you ca n't completely stop . 
  it 's sort of physically impossible . 
  humans move a lot . 
  research suggests immigrants are a net contributor . 
  the fact that a large majority of the public are ill informed about this , due to in large part thanks to newspapers like the dm , is worth commenting on imo . 
  a lot of people 's opinions are worthless , on certain topics , thanks to this issue . 
  bit rude to call them idiots though , i agree . 
  not one accusation of racism in this thread . 
  and yet still people complaining of racism accusations . 
  the mind boggles . 
  no the cricket ground . 
  my mate smuggled a spud gun into lords but got caught . 
  we were about 9 years old . 
  it was hilarious . 
  i do n't think some of them things you mention are child abuse . 
  stop being a trendy lefty . 
  lol you 're a dick . 
  not as such . 
  i just hate the fact that our wildlife has become so vanilla , thanks to ourselves . 
  i would prefer for their to be some impressive , larger mammals . 
  glad to see otters and beavers making a come back . 
  would like to see wolves and boars as well . 
  it 's not the fear of being mauled i want . 
  it 's the biodiversity . 
  which happens to increase the fear of being mauled . 
   i kind of like being able to walk around our excellent woodlands in complete safety tbh i hate that . 
  nature is not always meant to be safe . 
  i feel like our wildlife is a bit sterile . 
  we do n't have enough mammals . 
  i mean birds are cool , but it 's just not the same .
