  they do n't though do they . 
  it 's not simple arithmetic is it . 
  they 're abstract concepts . 
  it does n't work like you get a score in each value and the tally is the difference . 
  some differences are barely even worth registering . 
  then no , you do n't really have a horse in this race if you do n't want it . 
  i do n't think this barely any difference in values at all . 
  what 's the different values on display there ? 
  secularism seems like the perfect example of a shared modern value, 
  he 's saying that those are just modern values . 
  kind of makes sense . 
  i 'm guessing nearly all developed consumer nations share almost identical values . 
  do you have an immigration issue in ireland ? 
  if they rot , the problem ends up on our doorstep . 
  hence where we are now . 
  that 's not really solving the problem though is it . 
  we 'll be spending a fortune on that level of policing . 
  personally as a capitalist , i would just prefer to see a more developed world all round . 
  less migration floods , more strong markets for business . 
  why are you obsessed with sex ? 
  all this rape and sex . 
  it 's a bit weird . 
  europe does not exist in a vacuum . 
  africa and the middle east are on our doorstep . 
  shutting our borders is a great short term fix , but really , in the long term , the world would be a much more prosperous place if these countries were as developed as our own . 
  the problem is never going to go away until something like that happens , and until then it 's just a game of whack a mole . 
  non eu migrants do n't get any automatic rights to any of those things . 
  but it 's still an amazing level of opportunity in the west . 
  a lot of illegals and refugees do face very shit conditions , sometimes 10 people per bedroom , but it 's still a huge land of opportunity . 
  if we can broker a deal that keeps free trade but removes free movement , we should try . 
  although that 's not really free trade then . 
  but if we ca n't broker that deal , i would n't sacrifice free trade with the eu altogether . 
  your objection in principle does stand , but you can raise that objection in relation to absolutely anything . 
  there will always be a select few people gaming any system . 
  if you 're not going to look at the wider numbers and facts , you 're not really looking into the issue very seriously . 
  no , everyone really . 
  the whole world . 
  whilst there is huge inequality between places , push and pull factors are always going to cause gluts in migration . 
  yeah , well that 's my question really . 
  i 'm not motivated by money , just a pragmatist . 
  our base need is to put food on the table , and the modern global economy is the way we do that . 
  it 's a bit feels over reals if we 're going to overlook and risk that basic human requirement in favour of ideological opposition to something . 
  what 's the figures on deportations ? 
  how many are rejected due to hr objections ? 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/news/deport-first-appeal-later-measures-start-to-bite this seems like the sort of approach you 'd prefer , and there 's been no need to scrap hr, 
  why would i invite people into my house to fuck my family ? 
  uk seems to be doing okay . 
  whether we take them or not is neither here nor there . 
  they will keep coming , and we will keep having to deal with those that do , and some will always get in , legally or not . 
  i do n't want to ditch my human rights , and i do n't want to handicap free trade within europe though . 
  we do have borders . 
  nothing will stop the flow of migrants until it becomes less attractive to leave their homelands . 
  and what do turkey 's allies say about this ? 
  honestly , i do n't see how we 're gon na solve this problem unless the rest of the world becomes a better place to live, 
  i agree . 
  we need to do more to improve global conditions . 
  thought you did n't post in any other subreddits ? 
  ;-) also , i was n't really talking in relation to the crisis . 
  nor the negative image of the migrants . 
  just commenting on the media in general . 
  the media 's job is to make money, 
  i am literally a synchronised diving expert now, 
  are you including the munich attack ? 
  this is the new left i 've been talking about . 
  who rather ironically seem to despise the left . 
  we 're the people 's front of judea !, 
  yeah . 
  i voted remain . 
  but this subreddit has been toxic . 
  how do you feel about this now ? 
  people were blaming the refugee crisis and saying to ban all muslim migration . 
  why is it laughable ? 
  it seems like almost exactly the same scenario . 
  the western press seems content to be the isis pr department . 
  possibly different in the uk . 
  why must they come down on the uk hard ? 
  just to confirm though , as i have no problem with any of these , but you are advocating clamping down on free speech yes ? 
  i thought so too !, 
  very interesting imo . 
  apparently others disagreed, 
  on the whole , ukip 's support is unhappy that the cultural affects of immigration have diluted british culture . 
  there was and is uproar about polish immigration . 
  from a not insignificant part of the populace . 
  and this thread was about who on earth would be mad about polish immigration . 
  i 'm saying quite a lot are . 
  nowhere have i said that ukip is opposed to immigration . 
  yeah i 've got no problem with the initial conclusions . 
  it makes sense . 
  discussing reprisals when it might not even be them is a bit much imo . 
  ukip is not a tiny minority, 
  ironically the unionists voting for the option most likely to break up the union . 
  and vice versa . 
  more people identify as british than the people in britain . 
  i think it might be used for islamist propaganda . 
  let 's wait and see what happens first . 
  bet he 's well pissed off . 
  `` ffs !, 
  i 'm trying to go on a far right shooting spree and everyone keeps saying it 's isis !?! '', 
  it 's not just daesh is it though . 
  other branches of conservatism are also keen .
