  is it fuck . 
  what is the criteria for integrating then ? 
  if over 50 % of all post ww2 immigrants had n't integrated well , we would literally be wallowing in total and utter anarchy . 
  you probably lived in a few shitty areas , but the fact of the matter is , most minorities have got normal jobs like the rest of us , and go home and watch shit television on the sofa at the end of the day . 
  i was n't aware we were only talking about muslims . 
  but that is not most is it . 
  most are perfectly well integrated though . 
  if they were n't , due to the number of them , society would be falling apart at the seems . 
  the vast majority of minorities are very well adjusted . 
  what point are you making here ? 
  because they 're not talking about them sensibly . 
  it 's a waste of my time . 
  immigration as a whole seems so simple to me and yet there 's so many really vague arguments against it . 
  * strict controlled migration for non-eu . 
  only take those with good skills . 
  i have no idea why we 've been so lax with non-eu migration at any point in the past decade or so . 
  seems stupid . 
  however , this is now already all in place . 
  * eu migration we need to take on the chin if we want to enjoy the free trade under the terms that we have currently signed up to . 
  although at its current rates economically it seems a net positive . 
  or * renegotiate eu free trade deal to allow free trade but more control of our borders . 
  if we ca n't keep the same amount of free trade , refer back to above point and take it on the chin . 
  economically that pretty much covers all of immigration does n't it ? 
  in all of those instances , immigration is paying its way . 
  nice !!!!!!!!!!, 
  pantanal buddy !, 
  plitvice is sick . 
  croatia is the only place i 've been to that was nearly as good as brazil . 
  but public debate against immigration is huge . 
  it 's pretty much the majority opinion , and it 's discussed all the time in pubs , newspapers , on the internet and even in parliament . 
  i mean , even in the extremely left wing british subreddits , even on the days and in the threads that are n't even being raided , there is plenty of criticism of immigration . 
  how are you saying that people are scared to speak against immigration ? 
  it honestly seems like an alternative reality to me . 
  i mean this thread for example . 
  full of critics of immigration . 
  the left learnt a long time ago that screaming racist or xenophobe too readily was a disastrous tactic . 
  yet some people are pretending that it 's still the case . 
  any leftie with half a brain knows not to throw those phrases around unless absolutely necessary . 
  it 's political suicide . 
  look what happened to gordon brown , and that was years ago . 
  things are getting better for ukip supporters , but there is a small but significantly visible racist/xenophobic/bigoted / confused/whatever you wan na call it streak within their ranks that is still being weeded out , and you can even see that happening within their subreddit . 
  the faster that accelerates , the better they 'll do . 
  but just because some people will call someone a xenophobe if they feel that it really is what is at the base of someone 's beliefs , it does n't mean that they accuse everyone who holds those beliefs of being a xenophobe . 
  i think there are perfectly legitimate reasons to criticise immigration . 
  i do n't personally subscribe to that belief , but i can see the arguments . 
  but i also think some people simply do n't like immigration , because they do n't like foreigners . 
  and they hide within all those with decent , rational arguments against immigration , and use them as a political shield . 
  and pick whatever other reason they can to argue against immigration , and change when data comes out against their current reason , so they switch to another , because they are n't willing to admit what the true reason is . 
  now , if they 're scared to speak up and say , they just do n't like foreigners , because they 're scared of being labelled a xenophobe , well that 's just ridiculous . 
  and people like this tend to go on about , `` oh we need open and honest debate about immigration '' as well , so it 's extremely ironic . 
  i do agree with you on ukip though . 
  is it ? 
  there 's no key but loads of colours , or am i being a bellend ? 
   our streets are paved with gold , we 'll give them a free car and money every week and a nice big house the day they arrive . 
  we 've got the dm to thank for that . 
  not sure what your point is ? 
  very few people will say that they are against immigration because they just do n't like foreigners . 
  that 's hard to deny . 
  i 've not accused anyone of being a racist , or a xenophobe . 
  one person said that not wanting foreigners in their country is a valid point , i said hardly anyone would admit to that though . 
  we 've been brigaded by syrians !, 
  i 'm somewhere in the middle tbh , but edging heavily towards the refugee side , but yes , that does seem to be the narrative of a lot of people in this thread . 
  if you criticise anyone for criticising the handling of the refugees , that means you 're calling them a racist apparently . 
  it 's so pathetic . 
  but you can ? 
  there are literally dozens of comments a day in european subreddits discussing this issue . 
  and more people say  you ca n't express views on immigration now without being branded a bigot , racist , xenophobe etc. 
  than people get accused of racism . 
  i do n't understand it . 
  honestly , i give up talking to people like you . 
  hardly any one will admit they feel this way though . 
  some british refugees would undoubtedly head towards the anglosphere . 
  they 'd still be refugees . 
  why do some threads on certain hot topics have so little discussion ? 
  it 's the same line being parroted again and again . 
  this discussion has become impossible . 
  congratulations to the usual suspects . 
  yes they would . 
  uk has got a strong economy , a lot of opportunity and a lot of soft power , that makes it incredibly attractive in a world where english is the de facto language of business . 
  who said that there were no problems ? 
  no one mentioned racism ? 
  if you 're concerned about this issue , discuss it sensibly . 
  makes our reaction in britain look fucking shameful . 
  how do we give a shit about the real refugees in turkey of by accepting them they 're breaking eu law ? 
  yes . 
  this is humbling . 
  can you fo into more detail on this please ? 
  you 're on this story everywhere are n't you . 
  do you work in a related field ? 
  well , this is embarrassing . 
  you spelt `` the north '' wrong . 
   hey , paris has the largest open-air urinals in the world !, 
  we just call them ~ ~ `` sidewalks '' ~ ~ `` france '' . 
  haha !, 
  take that frogs !, 
  what do they call you ? 
  it 's becoming a bit of a problem with this demographic . 
  hard not to be when it 's constantly in the spotlight . 
  you guys wan na be the world 's only super power , people are gon na scrutinise you . 
  it 's not that difficult to understand .
