  do you think we could possibly maybe use the term islamophobia for these comments , if it turns out it 's not islam behind this ? 
  censorship !, 
  it seems like that 's a no . 
  curious to hear the answer though . 
  this is in pretty poor taste . 
  i think we do integration better as well, 
  not sure that 's true . 
  most of the left were desperate for av . 
  you must be especially special . 
  my mum could n't stop her mint plant from growing . 
  so surely the best solution is to meet in the middle somewhere for the least disruptive option , in both your interests and mine , in a personal capacity ? 
  that 's probably based on a sense of rejection . 
  i do n't think we need to , nor should we , look at this issue in such a vindictive light on both sides . 
  some leavers were arguing for , `` a close relationship with europe , but only an economical one '' , and further more , half the country did vote to stay . 
  to take it as a fuck you from the whole country , is taking things a bit too personally . 
  as a remainer , i 've been appalled by the reactions of / r/europe tbh . 
  i 'm still not convinced it was a fuck you . 
  that 's your interpretation . 
  so now some people want to send a similar fuck you back ? 
  ooooh matron, 
  i 'm not sure many do want to rid current eu citizens . 
  nor am i convinced that if a section of the populace does think that , that one can interpret it as a fuck you from the whole country , particularly when half of us voted to remain . 
  i 'm not sure what part was a fuck you . 
  we just voted to leave . 
  should they not be nationalised then ? 
  when was this ? 
  athletics is so poorly promoted . 
  how about a better allocation of resources and less ideological cuts ? 
  wtf ? 
  what do you watch for entertainment ? 
  so infuriating . 
  why do people do this ? 
  it 's the most common form of colour blind right ? 
  it 's like my tv box , green means on , red means off . 
  i 've never got any idea if it 's fucking on or not , which is a pain when you have like 5 ext channels and you can never remember which one it is . 
  that this is a serious problem and we need to confront it on all fronts . 
  are you talking about jimmy saville et al ? 
  do you think that 's a problem with the culture ? 
  it 's not really a problem with many immigrant cultures in the uk . 
  islam has got big fucking problems though . 
  i just do n't think it 's fair to lay the blame on all immigrants , as that is a very divisive approach . 
  just downloaded . 
  there does n't seem to be an option to view map if you have n't already entered a location . 
  that 's not very useful if you do n't know where you are , or you just want directions from current location . 
  is there a way round this ? 
  source ? 
  yeah , i 'm not convinced either . 
  people were throwing money about that weekend , not to mention there must have been a boost in tourism . 
  what are you talking about you fool ? 
  wordnet 's definition is absolutely absurd where it refers to a single national culture . 
  that has never been the case . 
  i suppose a lot of this rests on the definition . 
  multiculturalism to me is the peaceful coexistence of several cultures under the umbrella of a larger all encompassing culture which is adopted to some extent by the vast majority . 
  the notion of a single national culture is absurd , and is dealt with quite well in this article . 
  of course . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  did you read that article ? 
  when it comes to reality , i 'd say studies were more important than anecdotes and tabloid stories . 
  have you got any links ? 
  i only hear about this problem in anecdotal form and in tabloid newspapers . 
  i would be keen to know more about failed assimilation . 
  i had a google earlier , and could n't find much . 
  all i could find was studies supporting the notion that most assimilation had been a success , but then i had to go out . 
  yes . 
  i think you understand me . 
  the culture of a nation is fluid . 
  on the one hand you seem to be advocating that immigrants totally assimilate , on the other you seem to suggest it is okay to bring their cultures with them . 
  not sure i follow you . 
  in one instance you call it preserving foreign cultural heritage , on the other , contributing to indigenous culture . 
  it 's important not to be overcome by confirmation bias though . 
  it 's easy to read scare mongering moral panics in the paper , and then go looking for groups of immigrants and taking that to be the norm . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.res.org.uk/details/mediabrief/1452073/immigrants-ready-assimilation-of-british-identity-suggests-we-need-not-fear-a-cu.html ) is a very interesting article . 
  i 'm just trying to find more on it now . 
  what populations are the immigrants from ? 
  i just do n't really see a lot of the latter . 
  saw so many ethnic minorities celebrating the jubilee this weekend . 
  this whole segregation conspiracy seems to only really be happening in rare cases , but still promoted as the norm , and used as a wedge to drive between communities and thus becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  surely multi-culturalism is just natural ? 
  every culture that has ever existed is comprised of the multiple other cultures that came before it ? 
  it always amuses me how the greatest minds in society 's history have never been able to resolve our most common issues , and yet every man and his dog is convinced they know the answer . 
  i 'm feeling very uneasy about all this uk vs eu animosity . 
  the policy side does n't bother me so much , but the bickering between eu citizens is a worrying sign i think . 
  i smell a return of jingoism . 
  i 'm so confused . 
  i agree with both of you . 
  this whole financial crisis and the world politics surrounding it is a complete cluster-fuck . 
  every time i read a different opinion , i change my mind . 
  i do n't think anyone really has a clue what is going on . 
  on the contrary , as an englishman it is my destination of choice for my future migration , based on how well their economy seems to be holding up among the cluster fuck that is the global financial crisis . 
  dude survived a plane crash . 
  and he was bang on the money about the euro . 
  but he does come across as a trumped up little man . 
  i think he 's a twat as well , but you 're gon na need to back up this claim . 
  i really do n't see it . 
  guys , can we not do this ? 
  i 'm up for open borders and increased regional autonomy all over the world . 
  our jurisdictions are too large , and the differences in laws between these jurisdictions lead to inequality and problems . 
  i think everywhere should govern itself , whilst consulting all other regions on a regular basis . 
  you know what i do n't get ? 
  the right moans about liberals , and immigrants .
