  i 'm not defending labour . 
  using thousands of girls being abused as a political football is fucking atrocious . 
  one caused it , the other celebrates it . 
  yes , i think it 's very sickening . 
  yeah , very strange they stayed in power i agree, 
  this case has become such a political football though , it 's almost as shameful as the initial cover up . 
  would n't the immigration affect the nl ? 
  okay . 
  i 'm just talking about attitudes in general towards other europeans and that it 's not all hunky dory . 
  not sure i follow you . 
  how is rotherham relevant ? 
  i definitely heard concerns about their attitudes to women , homosexuals , minorities and a tendency towards criminality . 
  these are not my views fyi . 
  haha . 
  brutal . 
  nice . 
  seriously though , my point was that there 's this `` european '' heritage and solidarity narrative amongst certain persuasions on reddit , but the truth is , in the uk at least , a lot of people were saying the same shit about other europeans and still are , and i do n't doubt it would be a louder issue without the current refugee/immigrant crisis . 
  to say there could be a large migration pattern from western europe to the east and central is pretty na\u00efve imo . 
  a lot of western europe saw the polish as a similar cultural threat only a decade or so ago . 
  and a lot still do , especially towards newer eastern european members of the eu . 
  you could apply this to all sides of the issue really . 
  the buck stops with merkel 's awful handling of the refugee crisis though . 
  the issue does become very murky though , when people begin tying this attack in with all immigration across all of europe since the 50s . 
  did n't the nyt massively over report the number of culprits ? 
  the economist is n't exactly left though . 
  it 's a real shit hole is n't, 
  well , you can in some instances . 
  at least in the uk . 
  source ? 
  because that 's what charlie would 've wanted, 
  what does this mean ? 
  what 's that got to do with human rights ? 
  that sounds like the opposite of what op is saying . 
  what human rights are you referring to in this instance . 
  i think you can . 
  there are quite a lot of outlets pumping out quite a lot of this shit from time to time . 
  but yes , they 're the `` right-wing '' press . 
  the fact their destructive agenda does n't illicit a violent response from all of their targets , does n't negate the fact that in some instances they are contributing to the problem and marginalisation of islam . 
  i 'd prefer criticism of islam would focus on the genuinely unacceptable , of which there is plenty to choose from , rather than shit stirring , which does contribute to marginalisation . 
  the best response to terror is a multi fronted holistic philosophy . 
  sadly this is n't compatible with a profitable news cycle nor the political agendas of certain media outlets . 
  the war christmas and silly stories like that . 
  that 's not what 's happening and is the sort of shit i 'm talking about . 
  i agree with escalated military intervention 100 % . 
  saying it makes you feel warm and fuzzy is so fucking idiotic and cringe worthy though . 
  should try to cut off their finances . 
  some of the people are stuck between a rock and a hard place , and see isil as less of a threat to themselves . 
  muslims still get overly negative press in the media , which certainly contributes to the problems . 
  you guys are just way too in the middle of some big players to not piss people off . 
  no wonder you get so much shit . 
  almost every major european power in the last 2,000 years had you for a neighbour . 
  you 're a sitting duck . 
  we do n't see them as a rival as such . 
  it 'd just be nice if we could one day beat them . 
  we do n't hate the french . 
  we just refuse to be nice to them . 
  nice . 
  thanks !, 
  what are the best views of the cityscape as a whole ? 
  and where 's the best francesinha for you ? 
  i think i might be italian . 
  people make fun of me in england , because sometimes whilst eating one meal , i will be talking about the next 2 following meals . 
  what we gon na eat for breakfast ? 
  mate we have n't even finished lunch yet . 
  i 'm going to porto and lisbon in january . 
  i like food a lot . 
  and culture . 
  but not old culture like buildings and museums . 
  more like street art , music , nightlife and football . 
  also nature . 
  any suggestions ? 
  he was n't called a racist or charged with a hate crime, 
  i ca n't stand comedy songs , but that was beautiful . 
   actually very sensible and normal . 
  offset against previous losses ? 
  everyone talking about loopholes . 
  what ones were used in this instance ? 
  obviously i have n't checked the article , i 'm going to now , but as it 's the dm i ca n't imagine there 's going to be much detail . 
  edit : 28 million loss thanks to employee share bonus . 
  not sure of fb 's reasoning behind that . 
  feels over reals !, 
  the only way which the us and europe really differ is with islam , in terms of integration . 
  you 'll find it 's similar in the uk for most of the older communities, 
  yeah , you 've got the british example wrong . 
  the swedish example is nonsense and not an example of what you claim . 
  no idea about germany , but again , not an example of what you claim . 
  some of these results are very conflicting and confusing . 
  who 's turning a blind eye to crimes ? 
  i 'm not sure about other european countries , but this does n't seem so different to what 's happened in the uk . 
  nor am i sure how true this is for all of america . 
  i 've heard many complaints about various languages and their prominence in america . 
  yeah egypt really surprised me as well, 
  why are some of those countries so much more extreme ? 
  do n't you have china towns , and little italy , and little havana and korea town etc. 
  how is that any different to multiculturalism ? 
  but i 'm not inviting them in to do that ? 
  yeah , ca n't argue with that . 
  they all have different cultures , but consumer capitalism carries with it a fairly standard base set of values . 
  romania is not developed . 
  japan is about as different as you can get , but there is still a huge amount of cultural & financial exchange and similar enough values that each country can negotiate on a fairly even footing on most issues , without very many philosophical differences .
