northern lights i do hope you 're not referring to blackpool . 
  it should be the other way round . 
  which is why i ditch any provider that does this . 
  it 's shit service as far as my demographic is concerned . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  i never had to do anything to be able to access all the glorious porn . 
  yeah just tested for science . 
  bulk tube in full working order . 
  yeah i 'm always worried people might think i 'm a racist paedophile . 
  i 've never met a redditor . 
  yeah that makes sense but it 's not entirely uncommon for criticism to veer towards the locals . 
  it 's frustrating . 
  but the rest of the country can still outvote london . 
  plus us working class londoners still feel forgotten at times . 
  it 's not us that are the problem . 
  agreed but a fair amount of complaining tied to that is about the current government . 
  also , it 's up to the country as a whole to change that . 
  london can be easily outvoted . 
  everyone complains about london , but it was the rest of the country that voted for this government . 
  we voted labour . 
  if i had 3 wishes one would to be to go on qi . 
  is there decent marine life for snorkelling around there ? 
  for the snorkelling though , is there decent sea life ? 
  i saw a squid once . 
  it was awesome . 
  i really like snorkelling and fresh sea food . 
  where 's the best place for this ? 
  why ? 
  i think it 's the latter . 
  i chose malia for mine . 
  but yes , your image is fairly accurate , but it 's good to remember that even some of the best adjusted adults were utter muppets in their youth . 
  you see i 'll visit times square when i go new york . 
  but i 'm not gon na stick around . 
  i 'd just like to pass through . 
  and at least times sq is in movies and shit . 
  you see i 'll visit times square when i go new york . 
  but i 'm not gon na stick around . 
  i 'd just like to pass through . 
  tayyabs just round the corner from brick lane is awesome . 
  itt : a lot of places that are actually pretty good but too mainstream for the cool kids . 
  but i 'd say leicester square . 
  it actually is a tourist trap . 
  it 's not just touristy . 
  most of the bars are very expensive and the music policy is just who gives a fuck it 's only tourists and teenagers we can get away with anything . 
  everything there can be found at a higher quality for a lower price elsewhere . 
  there is no unique redeeming feature . 
  you 're literally just going to be gouged for being a tourist in a tourist area where nothing relevant to london is actually happening . 
  might be nice to walk through . 
  just do n't spend any money unless you 're feeling like a real baller . 
  my favourite part about it was the challenge of surviving the crowd . 
  in the end i just wanted to get to the front more than see the painting . 
  i gave up . 
  but wow what a struggle . 
  the painting was okay . 
  i thought it was nice . 
  beautiful place . 
  it 's a rite of passage for young brits . 
  go somewhere warm with cheap booze and go nuts . 
  i did it as a teenager . 
  anyone doing it into their late 20s has got problems . 
  it 's true . 
  society is literally crumbling before our very eyes . 
  evidently !, 
  yeah it 's a dick move but really it 's exactly the sort of freedom we are so proud of . 
  interesting . 
  have you got any links ? 
  good news then !, 
  sort of . 
  i genuinely do n't think anybody has ever done that . 
  booze and casual violence . 
  rule britannia . 
  it 's not . 
  three hours later and still nobody has accused me of racism fyi . 
  i think a lot of this antisemitism will be coming from islamic minorities in germany . 
  why would that lead to any racism accusations, 
  seriously how does that even work ? 
  i agree . 
  we make quite a lot of our cup win . 
  you seem to make quite a lot about the one you 're going to win maybe one day . 
  close match . 
  do you fancy your chances ? 
  as if nobody cares . 
  i 'm not hearing the end of it already . 
  not sure what part of that necessarily means anyone is not adopting , if not already practising , western culture . 
  what your saying is not really relevant to waives of immigrants refusing to adopt western culture . 
  that change is only unsettling if you are irrational . 
  why ? 
  i live in redbridge . 
  we 've had a massive massive influx of immigrants . 
  is there really a problem with immigrants integrating ? 
  waives of immigrants that are unwilling to adopt western culture does n't seem to be an accurate representation of reality in my eyes . 
  this seems to partly undermine the argument that multiculturalism and ethnic diversity are to blame for things like this . 
  swimming in rivers is fun . 
  surely it 's the risk of getting shot that is the issue ? 
  you know we only take the piss out of you , the way one takes the piss out of their own siblings ? 
  we love you really . 
  except for the morons . 
  they hate everyone . 
  but there 's not much we can do about them . 
   most brits living abroad are not aggressive beggars or sleeping rough on the streets no shit .
