  i care very little about the former and a lot about the latter . 
  when you say privacy , what do you mean ? 
  i personally like being tracked so adverts and searches are more relevant to me . 
  what privacy issues should i be concerned about ? 
  starts off very funny . 
  gets really long . 
  can any one do a tl ; dr ? 
   hell , i 'm about to sit down for lunch and order a sandwich , and it will have butter on it . 
  mental . 
  you 'll get homicided right in the dick . 
  i 'm slightly confused . 
  i would have thought it would be highest in the multicultural countries such as germany , uk and france ? 
  for life in general , this is a pretty effective approach . 
  this was actually very funny . 
  i 've never even seen a film where english is dubbed over . 
  ~ ~ i did n't get that impression . 
  i got the impression they were leaving because of anyone who was n't white-british . ~ ~ actually i did n't get that impression at all . 
  the article infers it is to do with equity and joblessness . 
  the comments gave the impression that it was to do with ethnic minorities . 
  no one has mentioned immigration . 
  care to comment on any of my other points ? 
  that 's what i do n't get though . 
  this article is about ethnicity , not immigration . 
  it 's lumping all the 3rd generation , totally british just happen to be brown people , in with the most recent influx of immigrants and the social problems they bring . 
  i find that very unsettling . 
  i disagree . 
  we 'll have to leave it at that . 
  what do you think about the rest of my comment ? 
   my point . 
  which is what ? 
  the majority of the population can never accept non-white people as british , regardless of how many generations they 've been on the contrary , or if they speak the language and are as british as ian wright or chris akubusi ? 
  i really hope that 's not your point , because that 's the point i 'm worried about , when you draw a line between white-british , and everyone else , grouping people like jessica ennis in with third world immigrants who ca n't speak the language . 
  haha . 
  yeah that 's why ukip are in power . 
  i did n't mention the burden of immigrants ? 
  i 'm massively massively pro-immigration . 
  i do n't think immigrants are a burden . 
  i 've spent about 2 hours today arguing in favour of london 's diversity and recent immigration . 
  do n't think you understood my point ? 
  i never mentioned any moochers ? 
  lack of families or a desperation to just be anywhere there 's work . 
  they 're nowhere near the daily mail on this one . 
   there was a community , and it was destroyed . 
  by what policies ? 
  as far as i can tell , consumer culture did more damage to british culture than anything . 
  purely annecdotal but i know a few lithuanians and the stories they tell me are insane . 
  do poor whites tend to be rural ? 
   if i had said that they were doing that because they 're inherently inferior , that would be racist . 
  but without expanding on the point it does come across like that . 
  simply , `` because of blacks '' , to me says , this is the fault of black people which strongly implies it is inherent and thus blacks are inferior . 
  even with all the hispanic gangs ? 
  someone posted down below , apparently 6th . 
  i read somewhere london is the 4th biggest french city in terms of population . 
  what 's long and hard and full of seamen ? 
  i really ca n't tell which side you are mocking . 
  you take all of that back right now . 
  i feel like this could be put to better use elsewhere . 
  except no one reads the guardian . 
  has it snowed ? 
  one 's easier to say , the other is easier to type . 
  i 've been reading for years . 
  i still have n't uncovered any information that has influenced me as much as basic gut instinct/common sense . 
  it 's quite complicated . 
  fuck no . 
  page 4 , last bullet point ; `` as at february 2011 , 16.6 % of working age uk nationals were claiming a dwp working age benefit compared to 6.6 % of working age non-uk nationals ( at the time they first registered for a national insurance number ) ( resident working age uk population figures based on country of birth 2010 , ons ) . 
  claimants who were non-uk nationals when they registered for a nino may of course subsequently have become permanent residents or british citizens '' also , immigrants = / = asians . 
  just because asian immigrants may have higher benefit claimants , does n't mean immigrants as a whole have a higher rate . 
  also , the split male and female in that graph . 
  would like to see combined figures . 
  but your figures seem to disagree with mine , so curious as to discrepancy . 
  perhaps i 'm missing something . 
  yours do appear to be a bit older though , so perhaps things changed . 
   i bet we make tons more money than the average brit too immigrants do also make more on average than brits yes . 
   the problem is typically in the second generation , who grow up being shunned etc. 
  yeah . 
  i think this may be a pertinent point . 
  i would have thought it was pretty obvious , but some people love to swallow propaganda and/or succumb to an irrationally large fear of out groups , thus alienating anyone different to them and then complaining they do n't like immigration because it leads to segregation . 
  but [ here ] ( http://statistics.dwp.gov.uk/asd/asd1/adhoc_analysis/2012/nat_nino_regs.pdf ) you go . 
   problematic people wo n't come here in the first place . 
  they can do nothing and live ok in uk immigrants in the uk are less likely to claim benefits than the natives . 
  q : what do you call a woman with two cunts ? 
  a : mrs. neville btw just coz we exchanged pleasantries does n't mean i do n't think you 're a complete cunt . 
  i 'm banned from srs . 
  this user regularly posts on / r/niggers . 
  there 's a few of them about and they swarm threads to create tension . 
  so the gaelics , the celts and the picts were all celts ? 
  what was the difference ? 
  but what about the picts !?!? 
   atlantic archipelago fuck that !, 
  britain and ireland is such a mouthful though . 
  i 'm going to stick with british isles for the time being . 
  or perhaps even just `` the isles '' . 
  fuck sake , you 're right . 
  [ the british isles are a group of islands off the northwest coast of continental europe that include the islands of great britain , ireland and over six thousand smaller isles . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles ), 
  en serio ? 
  i ca n't believe anyone is seriously trying to make point 2 ), 
  i like this idea . 
  where are the usual thought police complaints though ? 
  it 's also like , oh you do n't agree with me , that means you 're calling me a racist !,
