  they fly away too easily . 
  had no idea you got bears in spain . 
  cool . 
  my girlfriend is black . 
  would you advise against going to greece ? 
  this sounds awesome . 
  this map makes so much more sense now . 
  being colour blind is confusing . 
  i 'm going to go to bulgaria . 
  glad to see you love to hate us as well . 
  it 's fun . 
  certainly not just `` blacks '' . 
  otherwise this graph would look very different lol . 
  i do n't think that 's a very good explanation . 
  this is not a debate that will do either of us any favours . 
  i 'd go for 50/50 , as for most satire on reddit . 
  half of upvoters get it 's satire , the other half are being satirised . 
  i totally agree . 
  i was satirising the sort of people that draw simplistic conclusions based on racial homogeneity . 
  except normally in the opposite direction . 
  a thread about low crime in finland , `` yeah , that 's what you get with a racially homogeneous country !, 
  it 's interesting that the most racially homogenous nations are both at the top and bottom of this . 
  it 's almost as if race has nothing to do with it . 
  mainly tradition and boredom . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a strange one . 
   i wish europeans were as proud of their history and race as the chinese , instead of being full of people like you yes the trouble here is that you 're comparing multiple countries with a just one other country . 
  also , we 're winning everything and it 's been sunny . 
  i 'm scared . 
  how did you come to the conclusion i was calling them a bigot as well . 
  you ca n't discuss criticism of islam without being accused of accusing somebody of being a bigot . 
  what a huge fucking straw man . 
  i 've got no idea . 
  i do n't worry about that . 
  you 'd have to ask world news . 
  that 's what they believe . 
  i thought he might say , `` i 'm interested because it 's a political issue . 
  there 's a lot of tensions in my area '' . 
  but `` i 'm an ex muslim '' seems a strange answer . 
  check out the guy 's post history . 
  it 's all over the place . 
  key phrases he just keeps randomly repeating . 
  i 'm just not a fan of putting forward your background as some sort of justification , especially as it is hard to verify in a context such as this . 
  chomsky can easily verify . 
  it is not the same situation at all . 
  definitely . 
  but considering world news seems to believe it is fairly common place , i 'd say that the view often presented there is wholly inaccurate , given that i know people living all over the country , and still no-one i know has encountered it . 
  that 's not even related . 
  of course you are . 
  in short , no , in the uk at least , islam is nowhere near as much of a problem as worldnews makes out . 
  for example , i have not once had to alter my behaviour due to falling foul of sharia law , and i 've never met any non muslim that has . 
  you seem to have taken a very keen interest in this thread . 
  not one of those words is used in the chain you are responding too . 
  i was basing it off referee decisions . 
  yeah i was shocked as well . 
  maybe it 's just us that 's been paranoid all this time ? 
  i believe it takes place every year in a number of venues spread across the mediterranean coast . 
  i 'm with you . 
  and what 'll piss the other side off is that i basically consider both of them and gb as more or less one big family considering how much culture we all share . 
  as a cockney i find this quite incredible . 
  i always though it was a northern accent . 
  fyi kurwa is not far off of entering london slang . 
  very very polar word round these parts . 
  what 's the mega crisis and what was the normal crisis ? 
  i thought we were on our way out of the woods at last . 
  there actually seems to have been a sort of backlash lately . 
  racism was actually getting downvoted in / r/worldnews in a couple of threads i saw . 
  i think stormfront have pulled back a bit . 
  even as a brit it 's very hard to say . 
  i do n't know anyone that joined . 
  i know a couple of sympathisers . 
  glad to hear some sense . 
  what are you saying ? 
  it 's hard to get benefits in the uk if you have n't contributed . 
  maybe not so much in sweden . 
  on a macro level , changing currencies sounds like one of the most complicated logistical feats possible . 
  i 've got so many questions that i 'm not even going to bother . 
  no , * this * is the second . 
  * that * was the first . 
  i 've never before witnessed someone repeat back what had just been said to them , in text form . 
  nice . 
  wtf ? 
  prat and politics is unrelated . 
  i think his politics are pretty vanilla . 
  he is however most definitely a prat . 
  i think it 's the voice . 
   and i 've awfully disappointed in the rhetoric coming out of the uk so am i. 
  so am i. 
  solid post . 
  i want to go to romania . 
  in all seriousness though , the whole anti-immigration xenophobia brigade is just a load of hot-air . 
  i would n't take them seriously . 
  it 's just a very very loud minority . 
  i do n't actually use chrome . 
  it 's a pile of crap . 
  i just get confused about how different people talk about privacy . 
  there 's privacy where you 're giving away relatively harmless information that is being used for marketing and the such , which some people oppose on principle . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's something i can however deal with if i 'm getting a decent free service in return . 
  and then there 's the sort of privacy in regard to security issues .
