  was it actually the same identical footage ? 
  if it was , then that 's very fucked up . 
  personally i think the lure of contemporary modern values is going to prove too much for islam to overcome , at least for those in western countries . 
  yes, 
   and i feel that is n't happening on a wide scale within the uk . 
  just got ta disagree with you there and say it 's confirmation bias . 
  you do n't hear about or notice all the boring shit imo . 
   you simply stated ` black people ' - did n't know what to go off on from that . 
  fair point . 
  it 's a fairly wide ranging group though . 
  bit long to type out specifics . 
  well fuck me , i did n't think this debate would end as sensibly as this . 
  well played . 
  it does n't relate to the majority though . 
  we are discussing the majority . 
  the majority will not be engaged in criminal activity . 
  i am not saying there are zero issues with integration . 
  but you challenged my statement about the majority being well integrated . 
  it is entirely irrelevant to use a statistic that is the responsibility of a small minority , to criticise the behaviour of the majority . 
  it would be like saying the majority of ukip supporters were racist , and supporting that with statistics that showed racism was more prevalent in ukip supporters . 
  it 's completely fallacious . 
  ukip could have quadruple the proportion of racists in their party , and still it could only be 0.5 % of the party . 
  so how you could you use that rate of prevalence to suggest that the majority of ukip was racist ? 
  you ca n't . 
  does that make sense now ? 
  well , that 's pretty much the case for my in-laws , and they 're more or less the average ethnic family . 
  i 'm not denying there are problem ares , and problem groups . 
  but the average example is a boringly well adjusted british individual who happens to come from an ethnic background . 
  just because people do n't mix in groups that always completely mirror the ethnic breakdown of the uk , does n't mean they are n't well integrated . 
   if the basis of my hypothesis was `` integration has failed because the crime rates show disproportionate representation within [ x ] community '' . 
  even then , basic maths says that if that was the basis of my hypothesis , it would be a pretty strong one unless i 'm getting something horribly wrong . 
  but that was n't the hypothesis . 
  you called me out for saying the majority were will integrated . 
  not that integration had failed , which is even more subjective . 
  i merely stated the majority had adjusted to british life . 
  a high crime rate is not reflective of the majority . 
  crime has always been the work of a minority of people . 
  as an argument to support the analysis of a majority of people , it would be a very poor argument . 
  if you were to use it to argue against integration as a whole , maybe so , but it 's very subjective issue . 
  to use it argue against the statement , `` the majority of ethnic minorities have adjusted well '' would be a terrible , irrelevant arguments , because as stated before , crime is always something that only a minority of the population is engaged in . 
  you were talking about ethnic minorities as a whole . 
  i was arguing against that . 
  if you want to discuss islam itself , i 'll leave that conversation for someone else . 
  irrelevant . 
  a group of people can have a higher crime rate , and yet still 95 % of that group can be perfectly law abiding citizens and perfectly well integrated . 
  this is a poor argument if you 're trying to argue that the majority are not integrated . 
  the crime rate among black people may be higher , but it is still in no way the majority that are engaged in this activity . 
  if you want to use crime rates as a measure of integration , it supports my arguments , and undermines yours . 
  the majority of these populations are not engaged in criminal activity . 
   all you have to do is look at the crime rates and disproportionate representation of immigrant communities . 
  if breaking the law of the land is not classified as failed integration i 'm not sure what is . 
  irrelevant . 
  a higher rate is neither here nor there whether or not the majority of a population is integrated . 
  you could have double the crime rate and still 95 % of a group could be perfectly law abiding citizens . 
  not to mention , high crime rates have been part of the london life style for generations . 
  i should know , half my family have been in prison , and they 're about as east london as one can get . 
  one could even argue that it 's actually a part of integration . 
  so , totally irrelevant really in regards to my initial argument . 
   i guess we could delve into crime rates at a starting point if we were to begin with trying to put a pin in it that goes against your initial argument about it not just being about not being a criminal or dangerous or violent or what not . 
  but ... you will find that for any demographic you pick in the uk , approx at least 90 % will be law abiding citizens , which , if you want to go down the road of crime rates indicating integration , supports my argument that the vast majority are well integrated . 
  the fact that one group or another will have slightly higher prevalence is neither here nor there . 
  my whole initial argument is that the vast majority of ethnic minority individuals are perfectly well adjusted . 
   i would personally find it hard to integrate here if i did n't surround myself with swedes , speak the language and do ` swedish stuff ' with the swedes . 
  if i just joined expat groups , hung around with the english , went to english bars and only surrounded myself with internationals . . how the hell am i going to be fully integrated i do n't understand . 
  but let 's say , you were friends with and spent a considerable amount of time with swedish born ethnic swedes . 
  however , by circumstance , you happened to spend the * slight * majority of your time with ethnic british , some of whom had been in sweden for generations and as such are now swedish , some of whom had been recent migrants , but all of whom spoke perfect swedish , and together you did swedish stuff together , sometimes in the company of ethnically swedish swedes . 
  surely that is a level of integration that can be considered successful ? 
  or do you disagree ? 
  why do n't you just name them and i can at least look into it ? 
  if you name them , and just give me a brief idea of how integration is a problem in that place , i can at least begin to have a better understanding of the issue . 
  can you give me an idea how integration is an issue in london as well ? 
  i grew up there , and besides a few specific problem demographics , living in a multicultural area integration was seamless . 
  although i did grow up in a fairly affluent area , so i imagine that helps . 
  why does the nationality of who they socialise with matter though ? 
  as long as they are not deliberately shutting themselves off from the rest of british society , and make an effort to partake in it , why does it matter if their immediate social circle might come from 1 place or another ? 
  please enlighten me then . 
  i do n't see what your measurement of integration is then . 
  if you 're a contributing member of society and not causing any problems based on your culture failing to align with british culture , how is that person a problem as far as integration is concerned ? 
   i 'm not personally going into exact details of where i come from . 
  i will say a lot of northern cities and suburbs within northern cities . 
  again , how can you live within the uk and not hear how a lot of northern cities , inner city areas and sub urbs , are regarded as ? 
  i mean you do hear it , but i live in the north , and when you look into it , it does n't really seem to be the case , except for a few specifically deprived areas . 
   london inner city areas have huge problems with integration with migrant populations , or even 3rd + generation immigrants can you specify these problems ? 
  my in-laws are west indian . 
  my wife is a post-doc researcher and thoroughly enjoys the great british bake off , my father-in-law runs an nhs trust , sister-in-law is an aspiring actress and has been in a bbc children 's production . 
  the whole family is as invested in british culture as anyone in my family . 
  yet , if they predominantly socialise with other black people , is that a problem with them integrating ? 
  there are 8 million ethnic minorities in the uk . 
  there are some shitholes , i 'm not denying that . 
  but the average ethnic minority is a lot closer to colin jackson , trevor mcdonald , dizzee rascal , lenny henry , jermain defore , loraine pascale , riz lateef , monty panesar etc than they are to abu hamza or that other prat who was recently arrested . 
  used to be a big drinker at uni . 
  complete wally . 
  what 's his name ? 
  the vast majority of that 8 million are normal working people . 
  i 'm not denying there are issues . 
  i 'm just saying , on the whole , ethnic minorities have integrated without very many issues . 
   there are large parts of the uk where it 's very unwise/unsafe for a non-immigrant to go 3 different towns/cities , multiple places within each - it 's not an isolated incident . 
  can you expand on these places please ? 
  not sure where you 're referring to . 
   is this the category required to be filled for ` not integrating ' ?
