  a gay transvestite to an event that is basically a gay festival ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  maybe do n't sent an anime character to a european singoff ? 
  everybody wants that . 
  but the tv stations keep pushing and pushing . . 
  it 's true . 
  let 's hope trump endorses le pen . 
  true , they are like a kind of continental brits . 
  do n't they know they eat pepes in france ? 
  he 's ok , better than the last one . 
  le pen is doing great , i 'm pretty sure she will win over the 10 percentage points to 50 % until sunday . 
  the french love surreal comedy . 
  sooo ... good for le pen ? 
  she seems to had fun . 
  ( for real ! ), 
  brexit and the weather , finally / r/europe is turning into a british tabloid . 
  what is it with british papers and clickbaity headlines ? 
  it 's almost as if the whole media industry on the island is run by buzzfeed . 
  14 times eurovision got super political, 
  tight race . 
  let 's fight each other for the glory of the one true god , like in the good old days . 
  yes . 
  swiss francs that is . 
  i 'm pretty sure unitedkingdom is n't remotely like austria , otherwise they would be very eurosceptic , would live in the glorious past of their long lost empire days , would suck it up to a country they once ruled , and on top of that they would have lost against bloody iceland at the euros . 
  as you can see unitedkingdom is n't like austria at all . 
  well ... there are more young people who support melenchon , how about a story about that ? 
  i know , rebellious youth , how shocking . 
  do n't be ridiculous , it 's the united kingdom of europe and southern ireland . 
  judging from all these clickbaiting headlines , the only one that are surprised are the british papers . 
  as is unitedkingom in the real world ? 
  well ... yes ... 
  do n't know about reactions to the trump election , i do n't care much about us politics . 
  i guess most people are over the brexit desicion , was almost a year ago after all . 
  hey , there already is one . . 
   a recent study by ipsos , found that in the first round of the election , 30 per cent of young people aged between 18 and 24-years-old cast their ballots for for far-left candidate mr melenchon , 21 per cent voted for ms le pen and 18 per cent for her remaining rival , emmanuel macron . 
  well ... 
  guess on sunday there will be much more salt from le pen supporters . . 
  thankfully not gon na happen . 
  instead : r / le_pen : closed, 
  you have been banned from europe . 
  the continent , not the subreddit . 
  wurst event ever !, 
  a whole percentage point !, 
  the working class hero le pen will comming in as strong second , whereas the neoliberal former banker macron will be next to last !, 
  but seriously , the 6th ( ! ), 
  wedding anniversary ? 
  not even a round one ? 
  is this the monarchism subreddit ? 
  that 's way to heterosexual for eurovision !, 
  [ racism ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/racism ) relates to race , that 's why it 's called racism . 
  prejudice based on ones nationality would be [ xenophobia ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/xenophobia ) . 
  or not . 
  germany , the smug arrogant kid with filthy rich parents . 
  france , former model student , fallen from grace , hangs out with germany a lot . 
  spain , that one extremy poor child who 's got food coupons for the canteen . 
  greece , ca n't even afford food coupons . 
  italy , average student , lives up in art class . 
  hungary , used to be nice , turned into a bully , same goes with poland . 
  netherlands , a friendy stoner type of guy , lives near belgium , has this nice place where classmates hang out . 
  sweden , gendercorrect sjw-type of guy * - classic nerd . 
  switzerland , kid from parallel class that occasionally looks throu the window into the class room . 
  gb would have been the strange crybaby of the class , if it had n't dropped out to be homeschooled . 
  cute . 
  pro-european germans want the pro-european french candidate not the french populist ? 
  shocking . 
  still , better to have weib than nicht weib . 
  we are already loosing our culture thanks to american influence , slowly turning europen culture ( s ) into some kind of `` general western culture '' . 
  ah yes , the populist right , classy as always . 
  or maybe people should wear what they want . 
  please !, 
  * sight * again ? 
  did n't we had the exact same story yesterday ? 
  from the eastern point of view it 's rather the `` european piggy bank '' ? 
  good . 
  the european union is n't just an instrument solely for the purpose of transfering money to eastern countries . 
  little bit too late . 
  i 'm just glad they are gone . 
  yes , protesting aginst status quo and the so called establishment , thats populism , like i said . 
   european far-left at least not in austria . 
  it 's austria , i 'm pretty sure there will be a robot trade union after that . 
  the party for the `` ordinary little man '' fighting the so called establishment , that is the definision of populism . 
  to be fair , they headed for a `` reformed eu '' before the austrian presidential election , not a full exit like le pen . 
  exactly who is spreading false information about the fp\u00d6 ? 
  poor little snowflakes ... 
  well , that 's populism ... 
  true . 
  seems like british/merican papers are using populists to boost sales and as soon as they do n't win elections they drop the story . 
  nobody is talking about wilders or the netherlands now , same goes with hofer and austria . 
  boy , the afd is losing ground . . 
  check out the big brain on brett !, 
  you 're a smart guy . 
  that 's right . 
  the metric system . 
  but nonetheless , if your theory turns out to be true , the left will outnumber the populists on the long run due to the vast amount of government workers and immigrants . 
  huh . 
  what a shame . 
  was a wild and exiting ride tho . 
  it 's the same as the quaterpounder , do you know why the call them the royale ? 
  so ... the whole populism hype is just a little phase , cause in the long run the lefties will outnumber them anyway ? 
  merkel .
