  attacking a police officer with a hammer ... must be one of the smart ones . 
  very few, 
   the richest countries in europe do n't want to join the eu ( norway , switzerland , uk ) or the euro ( denmark , sweden ) or luxembourg , or austria , or netherlands , ... no . . wait ... 
  i do n't know . . how ? 
  ca n't tell if news magazine or teenager magazine ... 
  maybe a multispeed europe is n't a bad idea . 
  pretty good german . 
  just wear a blue shirt ? 
   hickory tree in britain ? 
  love got killed by hate a long time ago . 
  ^ cynicism ^ is ^ still ^ around , ^ tho . 
  it 's cute, 
  wow , great britain is turning into little america pretty fast . 
   the most important reason why the european union will surely fail poor fashion choices . 
  when will kurz take over ? 
  did they ? 
  it 's not like that was the first terror attack . 
   manchester & ariana show the world how to react to hate sing terrorism away ? 
  nobody , just do n't want to write islamist/terrorist in every bloody post . 
  with burdens like east germany and terrorism i would say , you can keep it . 
  are they from europe ? 
   ` unprecedented ' hail of bullets  50 bullets, 
  true , you have to hunt down good beer in the states , whereas in europe even the big breweries produce decent quality . 
  but are they widely available ? 
  cause they elected an east-german instead of an austrian . 
   why do they speak german in austria ? 
  because german tourists are n't able to understand austrian dialects . 
  how so ? 
  that was n't set in stone . 
  but who knows how the finished treaty will look like ? 
  or they actually do n't have a clue what the they do ... which is less of a theory . 
  well apparently ma-ma-ma-macron ... won . 
  sengoku majin g\u014dsh\u014dgun ) is a super robot anime series produced and aired in 1981 in japan , with a movie special released in 1982 and a film sequel , goshogun : the time \u00c9tranger or time stranger , in 1985 . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] its title has been variously translated into english as `` demon god of the war-torn land goshogun '' , `` warring demon god goshogun '' , and `` civil war devil-god goshogun , '' but in the us and parts of europe it is primarily known as macron 1 , the title of its north american adaptation . 
  lots of slogans for the german market do . 
  pretty sure a recent terror attack adds to the panic people have in such a situation . 
  i agree , that 's a dick move . 
  refugee camps in northern africa , that 's a plan austrian politicans ( even the left ones ) repeatedly come up with , still it seems there is no eu majority for such a costly project . 
  i 'm not really a fan of the chaotic handling of this crisis . 
  well it 's ironic how european christians might have to leave , but they are still stuck with potentially dangerous people of a certain religious group . 
  true , it 's irresponsible and outright stupid , that is the reason why we , together with the countries in se-europe , actually closed the balkan route . 
  ( long before that shady deal with erdo ) still , we took some of them , cause apparently italy and greece ca n't take it anymore , i 'm sure you guys can too . 
  could have used `` dein fight '' tho . 
  right , but seriously - throwing pyrotechnics in a crowd of 40k people , just a few days after the manchester attacks , that 's top level assholery . 
  these idiots who threw pyrotechnics should be jailed . 
  guess he still has to go after brexit ? 
  ca n't vote in the german election ( sure would n't be merkel tho ), 
  from an outsiders perspective , not really the greatest politicians the parties nor the brits had . 
  that 's the problem right here , germany deports foreigners that contribute to society , but not the ones that do n't . 
  and to be honest , i would rather have thousands of nepalese over thousands of afghans . 
  ( x ) none of the above, 
  she 's a grammar school student , her brother studies at university , plus her parents had a own business - they probably paid more into the system than costing it , ca n't say the same about analphabetic , unemployed afghans and syrians tho . 
  right , do n't forget to obey trade regulation and standards of a organisation you are n't even part of . 
  at least more than you guys . 
  what 's not to envy about obeying eu trade regulations and standards without any say , and on top of that pay for access to the common market . 
  so much envy . 
  right , let 's leave the eu and pay for eea membership , without any say in european economic policy , like the clever countries . 
  are americans always so angry cause of the subpar quality of beer available in stores ? 
  always time for a pint . 
  that 's a credo throughout europe as it seems . 
  her parents did , plus she 's a student that 's contributing more to german society , than the stuff some afghans or syrians in her age did . 
  * aeiou intensifies *, 
   ` we are too tolerant of extremism ' she 's right , why did n't the government do something ? 
  no , wait . . 
  or at least show some solidarity with greece and italy . 
  you guys know the word solidarity , yes ? 
  great for germany , not so great for others like netherlands and austria . 
   east asians are starting to avoid places like paris and vienna in fact , the number of asian tourists visiting vienna did actually grow . 
  https://www.wien.gv.at/statistik/wirtschaft/tabellen/ankuenfte-laender-zr.html  even have a term for it called paris syndrome causes * language barrier -- few japanese speak french and vice versa . 
  * cultural difference -- the large difference between not only the languages but the manner * idealized image of paris -- paris syndrome may be caused by an individual 's inability to reconcile the japanese popular image of paris with the reality of paris . 
  * exhaustion -- the overbooking of one 's time and energy , whether on a business trip or on holiday , in attempting to cram too much into every moment of a stay in paris https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome#causes, 
  well , to be fair , the only `` highhorseriding '' you 'll see in austria is in the hofreitschule . 
  not going to ask about greeces opinion . 
  deporting the foreigners who actually contribute to society . 
  good job germany . 
  thank god they still accept our money . 
   well it 's useless debate , it 's what i believe and what you get to live to witness . 
  scary !, 
  i think you are right . 
  apparenty i have to mark sarcasm on this sub, 
  absolutely right . 
  no one will invest in places like london , berlin or paris in the future . 
   nowhere near as much as the us and europe . 
  depends on the viewpoint really . 
  of course people care about countries in their neighborhood . 
  watching sky news now . . 
  journalists ( ? ), 
  people with cameras , standing in the way , unbelievable , like paparazzi ... 
  did n't the torys made a dive in the polls after the manchester attack ? 
  you must be drowning in terrorists then , unlike glorious eastern europe . 
  does this even matter in a fptp system ? 
  germany is always on it 's high horse . 
  * sight * again ... 
  well , whoever is in power . . a hurray for public broadcasting companies !, 
  the magic nhs bus, 
  you 're god damn right !, 
  inches ? 
   the islamist who killed the children in manchester was n't this guy born in the uk , and has a british passport ? 
  why do n't do like the brits ? 
  several newspapers , but basically the same opinion .
