  several newspapers ? 
  [ archos ] ( http://www.archos.com/ ) - a french smartphone/tablet company [ medion ] ( http://www.medion.com ) - a german notebook/pc/tablet company ( you might get it at your local aldi store ) if your goal is to not buy american , just buy products from asian companies instead . 
  ever had an item made in usa in your household ? 
  take them any time over the dozends of brexit articles every day . 
  another year , another vote ... 
  so what ? 
  but fn is winning too !, 
  like . . 7-12 seats or something out of ... 577 . 
  european . 
  12 percentage points , that are marcon-numbers there . 
   he messege also served a domestic purpose , she wants to be reelected does n't her party , the cdu , already lead in the polls by about 12 percentage points against the next biggest party spd ? 
  does merkel like to paint ? 
  oh , kids these days ... 
  but still goebbels ? 
  https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/409422/umfrage/durchschnittlicher-preis-von-bier-in-ausgewaehlten-laendern-in-europa/ average price of store bought beer in euro per liter - data from 2015, 
  buchenfurnier-wohnwand , cause it 's germany after all . 
  looks more like * gaberln *, 
  the cabinet room is pretty habsburger-y https://www.bka.gv.at/-/gro-er-ministerratssaal, 
  the so called `` kreisky zimmer '' , named after and former office of chancellor bruno kreisky . 
  he did n't like it , tho . 
  ca n't blame him . 
  just ... no . 
  yes . 
  we call it : `` the alps '' . 
  omg !, 
  merkel finally get 's it !, 
  well , call it ` b\u00f6hmen und m\u00e4hren ' then . . 
  from * n\u00fcrnberger rostbratwurst * to * schlesische landbratwurst *, 
  save denmark from prosperity , that 's brave . 
  well , at least they wo n't have to deal with the polish , french , and other civilized christian europeans . 
  out of europe and into the world , good luck with that . 
  shush , heidi !, 
  quite the alarmist , are n't you ? 
  does the american media industry know what it is doing ? 
  it 's not like we do the cutting . 
   better start by doing something else than turning the country into a dictatorship , which is what emergency powers tend to do . 
  yeah , that 's why hollande is still president of france . . no , wait . . 
  funny how france did n't turned into a dictatorship . 
  but if you cut too many branches the tree might die . 
  or let 's say the last 50 years . 
  it 's not like europe did n't learn anything from it 's history . 
  so , how do dictators came to power ? 
  cause people elect them , why ? 
  cause in times of fear , they cry out for a strong leader type of politician . 
  so better start doing something against terrorism while the country is still run by democrats , not dictators . 
  so much for right-wing populism in france . 
  are you really comparing western european governments with erdogan 's turkey ? 
  well sure , but the manchester attacker was n't a foreigner , he was born and raised in the uk . 
  well it 's not like the government has to monitor the whole population , just ... certain groups of people . 
  and what would be the right thing to do ? 
  well of course there are bigger dangers than terrorism , does n't mean you should n't do something about it . 
  well that 's of course nice for people living in areas with no recent terror attacks like switzerland and austria , but the french and brits might have a very different point of view . 
  i would rather live in security , instead of been blown up in `` freedom '' . 
  indeed , and instead of turning an oak into american pine , the oak should grow new branches . 
  right , instead of producing tv series for a tiny home market and trying to sell it elsewhere , why not push european cooperation ? 
  and most users on imdb are from where again . . the usa ? 
  it 's not like there are n't good tv shows in america , there are plenty of great ones , ... but also an awful lot of trash . 
  so what now ? 
  embrace the end of our cultures with open arms ? 
  i prefere german over english . 
  or ... maybe ... not , since the various descendants of europeans in america are speaking , guess what ... english . 
  not just the british and irish ones , the germans , the scandinavian , italian , slavic ect . 
  too . 
  most europeans are learning english , since it 's the lingua franca nowadays , bloody hell , even our own languages are filled with anglicisms . 
  well if something ceases to exists it 's quite the definition of end . 
  if national culture is turned into some kind of `` western culture '' or `` america light '' blob ... it 's gone . 
  and both paths lead to the end of a national culture and identity . 
  in both cases you end up with destroyed national cultures . 
  america , or rather the american media industry , is the main driving force behind it . 
  we watch the same shows , same movies , same music , hell we speak the same language , all over the whole bloody world . 
  and yet our various cultures are combining into one blob we like to call `` western culture '' . 
  well now thats nice , loading trashy music/tv shows/movies upon us from one side , and screaming why we `` do n't protect our culture '' from the other . 
  but them poles are taking them ~ ~ jerbs ~ ~ jobs !, 
  well problem is , one thing is history and the other the present . 
  national culture is a living thing , it has to evolve it , has to bring up new traits , it ca n't survive on old-timey traditions alone . 
  so basically a kind of `` us-light '' culture ? 
  europe should step up its entertainment industry game ... 
   at least the american trash is in my language . 
  in american ? 
  it 's not like they have none of the good stuff , but damn they got an awful amount of s ** t. 
  right , unfortunally . 
  they got pretty good tv/netflix series too , tho . 
  in some parts and niches maybe , specific traditions sure , even the ocational cliche . 
  but in modern and popular culture its a gigantic blob . 
  we see the same shows , listen to the same music , enjoy the same memes , hell . . we even talk in the same language . 
  i know , we see it too . 
  sooo . . we should n't let people in cause they might reproduce ? 
  good . 
  more european culture , less american trash tv . 
  to be fair , there is no french , german , or other `` national culture '' anymore , just a gigantic blob we call `` western culture '' . 
  thanks america . 
   love is stronger than hate !, 
  that 's nice , but a rather shallow slogan . 
  buy european !, 
  defending your allies maybe at their own borders , or maybe somewhere in an asian desert . 
  well of course not , they are n't that trigger happy as ... other people . 
  that 's sad :(, 
  how about an european defence pact , you know , with actuall europeans ? 
   nato troops should n't defend non-nato nations without a very good reason . 
  it 's not like austria would need a lot of protection in the middle of europe surrounded by nato members and switzerland .
