  well yes , that 's where the schengen treaty was signed . 
  france has eagle and lion ? 
  it 's a supranationaler [ staatenverbund ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/staatenverbund ), 
   too german like frau sachsen-coburg-battenberg . 
  ironic since britain is kind of america 's 51st state . 
  so , you are comparing numbers from a regional conflict with numbers from a global one ? 
   surpasses the fear of populism cause populists are useless , they tell people what they want to hear , but doing shit once they are in power . 
  in short : ordinary politicians with a bigger mouth . 
  590 , and most of them not even from north africa , afghanistan or syria . 
  lucky you . 
   figures show applications by those living in france rose from 385 to 1,363 in 2016 , with surge expected to continue, 
   `` no britain come back we want to rule over you '' - nobody ever . 
  looks like the reactorcore of the deathstar . 
  but ... the bus ... ? 
  a subreddit called / r/europe is pro-european ( union ) ? 
  shocking . 
  what ? 
  billy , k\u00f6ttbullar , zlatan , abba, 
  yes , but as holy roman empire . 
  well sure , it 's britain that is leaving , not our countries . 
  assuming the guy really was going to attack and kill people , it 's pretty good he died before he had the chance . 
  well obviously not good for him , but for others . 
  so ... good ? 
  a human life that , if it really was an attacker , could have harmed plenty of other human lifes . 
  seems like a new kind of suicide attack . 
  what 's the government using instead ? 
  red , white and blue brexit ? 
   that 's not what you were doing though yes , that was exactly what i was doing . 
  i 'm pretty sure you would have noticed , if you read the post i answered to , instead of stroking your ego by playing moral highground . 
  well sorry to criticise the glorious british papers , always living up to the highest standards of journalism . 
  sure , since this subreddit is so damn shy on the subject of brexit . 
  bet they blame the eu . 
  just wtf is happening with britain these days ? 
  wow , good for her the election was last week . 
  should have been the german flag tho . 
  too little , too late . 
  average price of a pizza ? 
   even the british well , thats just too bad . . 
  enough economic growth to share with our `` new friends '' from syria , afghanistan and whatnot . 
  the usa are n't a reliable partner anymore , did nobody listen to the merkel speech a few days ago ? 
   says very little about french attitude to the eu . 
  indeed , that 's what the eurobarometer is for . 
  til there is vodka in lower austria . 
  right , they should switch to beer !, 
  yes . 
  what is berlin ... ? 
  cute . 
  istanbulls it is then ... 
  i would prefere highly educated istanbulians over the anatolian farmers we have here now ... cause who would n't ? 
  still no wall that is stopping western european money entering hungary tho . 
  looks like the germans are on it again !, 
   people seem to realize he 's just an uneducated dumbass with dumbo-like ears . 
  he 's a back-stabber par excellence . 
  yet his party is still first in opinion polls with around 32-34 % , not bad for an `` dumbass with dumbo-like ears '' . 
  apparently a very religious nation . 
  sit back , grab some popcorn , and watch . 
  guess germans are more into mario barth or cindy aus marzahn ? 
  victory sign is with the palm facing outwards . 
  really funny is that this gesture might be obscene in britain , but is relatively unknown in continental europe . 
  cause like corbyn , germanys left wo n't get into power . 
  two ... two political own goals in under a year two . 
  and eight fingers left !, 
  nice . . and whats that in seats ? 
  what ... ? 
  special relationship status : it 's complicated . 
  ah , hatschibratschiluftballon , a very sweet but racist book . 
   eu on uk : brexit means brexit was this even a question ? 
  besides that , with hungary and poland we got enough eurosceptic center-right/right led countries . 
  best british comedian ever . 
  guess he watched the general election too ... 
  good . 
  no need to form an own opinion . 
   cordon bleu https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cordon_bleu_%28dish%29, 
  snap election ? 
  more like oh snap election , amiright ? 
  38 \u00b0 c seems a bit hot , even for spain . . 
  oh . . yeah . . poor brits with one election/referendum per year ... * sob *, 
  shhhhhhhhhhhhhhht !, 
  it must be like 100 centimeters long !, 
  snap , should have invaded them !, 
  wartime nostalgia ? 
  but unlike net contributors in the west it gets more out of the budget . 
  5 cause it really depends on the quality . 
  you 're welcome . 
  not a lot of great days , eh ? 
  ^ ^ boy ^ ^ you ^ ^ must ^ ^ be ^ ^ old, 
  depends when he 's gone , perhaps he 'll get a second term . 
  well of course nato will still exist in the future , question is for how long . 
  a european defence pact without such illustrious allies like the usa , uk or turkey . . ? 
  i do n't know but shouting `` fuck you i 'm [ random football club ] '' is pretty much the reaction i expected from a brit . 
  fighting off these fuckers is impressive tho . 
  you say maga , i say aeiou, 
  ah . . traditional german nachos . 
  or how the locals say : maismehlsalzgeb\u00c4ckdreiecke ^ ^ / s, 
  and thats ... `` ripping up human right laws '' ? 
  could n't get an opt-out since we joined 1995 three years after the maastricht treaty . 
  is the le pen subreddit still around ? 
   so they are not in a position to value the eu in the same way we do . 
  well , austrians are among the most eurosceptic people in the eu . 
  after all austria was for decades a country between the western and the eastern blocs .
