  why not , cause they magically turn into gema supporters ? 
  are we ? 
  a e i o u !, 
  well , tough luck . 
  actually that is the city council of vienna . 
  they do n't make presidents like that anymore . 
  yes , but not in the next three years due to renovation work . 
   shouting at each other in their native language , and intentionally stalling/sabotaging any efforts at decisionmaking . 
  so basically the same as today , but multilingual . 
  keeping a ugly design cause it 's classic . 
  shit denkmalschutz would say . 
  do n't know , denkmalschutz ? 
  cause it is ugly , typical post-war design . 
  at least they renovate it in the next three years . 
  it 's the old one , tho . 
  the former reichsratssitzungssaal , it is now used for assemblies of the bundesversammlung - joint sessions of the upper and lower house . 
  maybe just downgrade the ee members back to eea status , so they would still have access to the market . 
  right , we need a multi-speed europe . 
  not-populism . 
  yes , a gay-storm it is . 
  if a party does n't appeal to the `` ordinary citizen '' it could be very well right-wing or far-right but not populistic . 
   globalization reeeeeeeeeee, 
  thanks too . 
  like right-wing populism is a new thing for us europeans , we bloody invented it . 
  yes . 
  time to plunder some planets . 
  thanks !, 
  well it 's a guardian headline , so i guess the real number is . . 20 or something ? 
  edit : wow , actually 121,000 . 
  somebody seems a little bit grumpy today ... 
  indeed . 
  well sure , side effect would be the germans might show you guys your place within the eu . 
   come get some are n't the polish already here , taking our jobs ? 
  why is n't there a eu sub anyway ? 
  well , does n't shine a good light on britains education system . 
  but at least there is enough salt as it seems . 
  an interested bystander . 
  after all it 's glorious britain that have to suck it up to a former colony thanks to it 's `` special relationship '' . 
  in hindsight , i should have wrote '' / s '' under my post , cause despite this sub is called / europe we apparenty have a german level of humour . 
  thanks obama !, 
   showing france to be the vassal-state are n't you guys called americas 51st state ? 
   many folks are afraid of a total surveillance society or just too stupid to remember a 4-digit pin number . 
  source : electronic cashier at local supermarket . 
  sitting on the desk ? 
  even the girls ? 
  40-50 years of communism, 
  feels half bad halfman, 
  hahaha . 
  no need to knock , we 're throwing our money right out of our windows . 
  the uk is a net payer , the contributions to the budget will be missed - that 's true . 
  we 're getting rid of the brits - that is good enough for now . 
  see , that is the reason why we need a multi-speed europe . 
  so what is the real reason then ? 
  access to the common market ? 
  would have had that in eea too . 
  do we pay them in czech koruna ? 
  cause , you know , euro is apparently bankrupt . 
  so what ? 
  we neither . 
  under merkel ? 
  hahahahahahahaaaa, 
  good . 
  but it 's not like the people had visas to begin with . 
   it 's better to be the poor , sovereign nation than a wealthy puppet state . 
  sure why not , we could live with a poor united kingdom too . 
  let 's hope they do n't end up like knut . 
  as american as applepie or french fries . 
  now thats some american-level bs . 
   seems like the frenchi does n't have many fans in the more populous and geopilitcally more important part of europe . 
  the germans love this guy . 
   ( and german ? ), 
  `` seehund '' , or sea dog . 
  well , hungary not even that . 
  what about the scots ? 
  like what ? 
  crown a queen ? 
  sure , turn the bbc into fox news , good luck with that . 
   i just read recently about how hundreds of companies are planning to move their hqs from the uk to germany . 
  so . . why should we get the brits back into the eu then ? 
  where ... where is it ? 
   and we 'll finally be rid of him . 
  * them, 
  cause it 's unusually hot for some parts of europe . 
  well sure , but macrons lead france and orbans lead hungary . 
  guess it is now . 
  could as well be the bifr\u00f6st . 
  whats up with the banner ? 
  somebody found a pot of gold , or was that a unicorn puking ? 
  if you are horny enough , you could make a vagina out of almost everything !, 
  sure , i would prefere it over 36 degrees too , but 16 degrees are n't exactly what i would call `` summer '' . 
  bet they got these drunk party kind of tourists ? 
  is n't pride day for non-penis-people too ? 
  16 degrees seems a bit cold , tho . 
  and the heat !, 
  do n't forget the bloody heat !, 
   what about you , europe ? 
  how do you feel today ? 
  great . 
  seems like a good choice for europe . 
  also called `` frauenk\u00e4fer '' in austria,
