  it 's about participation in nato trainings under the [ pfp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partnership_for_peace ) programm . 
  well , let 's kick out turkey from eu membership talks then . 
  it 's about time anyway . 
  since it 's northern europe ? 
  well , first thing that came into mind after this very nice gentleman posted :  you just let them in and are to scared to even talk about the issues . 
  was of course this whole rotherham-story . 
  my condolences , tho , i assume it 's not easy living near the epicenter of such a tragedy . 
  huh . 
  not sure if ~ ~ me gusto ~ ~ anschluss ... 
  oh boy . . british media ... 
  i was talking about afghans and syrians . 
  +5.5 percentage points or 8 seats, 
   i think its time we got our collective heads out of the sand and talk about this openly before it gets too late and germany gets fed up and the populace reacts . 
  well . . yes , it 's about time . 
  thb i would prefere chinese immigrants over the ones we 're getting right now . 
  well , it 's election time after all . 
  this is / r/europe not tmz . 
  anarchism . 
  yeah , since the eu is one single country and not 27 of them with very differend opinions on the issue of massimmigration , you are such a genius . 
  so , how did that rotherham thing go ? 
  well , not just people in the eu . . 
  well , have fun with your pakistanis and other muslims from your former colonies . 
  i do n't vote at elections , therefore the system is undemocratic !!!!!, 
  the indy and the guardian should be banned too , in fact all these `` clickbaity '' british papers should . 
  it 's may , just wait a few months . 
   while it was obviously the protective umbrella of the united states and the nato alliance that kept western europe safe and turned europe into a major playground if the cold war ever turned hot . 
  so thanks for that ... i guess . 
  we both got rid of the british , at least thats something we have in common . 
  i bet pretty much about slavery . 
  that phrasing did n't make the joke better . 
  well stop talking about a '' # 1 '' then ? 
  while other countries might give away millitary secrets for free ... at least to the russians . 
  yeah , pretty sure they enjoy the company of illustrious allies like the usa and turkey over a european defence pact . 
   if the uk elects a party that pledges a new referendum on its membership in the eu , would brussels and the eu country 's even accept it as valid ? 
  why not ? 
   my opinion : no the eu want to make an example out of us ( the u.k. ) despite the economic advantages . 
  well if there would be such a second referendum , and the people decide to remain , there is no need `` to make an example out of britain '' if they decide to leave it 's back to the start . 
  neither the ussr nor nazi-germany could ` nt have been a better # 1 since there was no such sole superpower like now , or back in the days of the british empire . 
  the ussr was never the sole worldpower , nor was nazi-germany . 
  time for the european union to step up and take defence in it 's own hands . 
   but they 've done a hellauva lot better than any # 1 in world history has . 
  better than britain is a * very * low bar , tho . 
  the would have told us how great this will be , and how `` europes internet '' is doomed . 
  1984 was n't meant as a manual . 
  there might be a difference in traveling from asylum camps in italy or greece to sweden and germany , and traveling to japan or korea . 
  so of course korea and japan has n't to deal with as many refugees as we do . 
  great britain is turning into little america pretty fast . 
  shooting blanks or what ? 
  it 's a [ headline ] ( http://grammar.yourdictionary.com/capitalization/rules-for-capitalization-in-titles.html ) . 
  maybe living farer away from northafrica might help . 
   his chocolate milk hack also saved me a bunch of cash . 
  let me guess , chocolate milk can be made at home with chocolate powder and milk ? 
  thats the whole f *** ing point of this video `` sandwiches can be made at home '' thats hardly european news , nor news at all . 
  thats not even a `` life hack '' . 
  sandwiches can be made at home instead of bought at the store . 
  how is this european news ? 
  how is this news at all ? 
  well , who wants to lead , has to pay for it . 
  i guess so , ask france . 
  cause apparenty germany is n't good enough now ? 
  well , if bloody wallonia gets a say in ceta ... 
  should have marked it as joke . 
  basically that , right . 
  \u00d6vp - christian democrats - center-right sp\u00d6 - socialdemocrats - center-left fp\u00d6 - eurosceptic populism - right gr\u00fcne - green - left neos - liberalism - center, 
  why wo n't they ? 
  several people in the sp\u00d6 are heading for such a coalition , and to be fair if there is a chance to get into the government ... 
  why do n't be a good brit and do what you guys always do - leave . 
  depends on the outcome of the election . 
  both sp\u00d6 / fp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp / fp\u00d6 are likely . 
  this is satire in france , and reality in britain . 
  it 's icy and a land . 
   what 's going to motivate a bulgarian to go to war and risk his life for the honour of germany ? 
  fighting for the honor and glory of germany happens less often than funny desert adventures with the us of a. 
  wait . . wait . . they won with an actual song , not with some `` cute '' singer or bearded woman ? 
  is n't that against the rules ? 
  he 's in for a booting . 
  or two , or plenty , why is losing this election so much different ? 
  fun fact , he actually became german citizen in 1932 . 
  good for them , i guess , other people are sitting in front of their computers creating political memes . 
  you maga , i say aeiou . 
  maybe not tearing themself apart after losing one election ? 
  indeed , we were an empire , now we have to suck it up to a country we once ruled . 
  might sound familiar . 
   i hope we get booed thats the spirit !, 
   the power of political voting in eurovision is often hugely overstated . 
  the late terry wogan famously claimed that our 2003 entry `` cry baby '' got nul points because of a backlash to the uk 's involvement in iraq . 
  really ? 
  `` cry baby '' ? 
  fitting . 
  let 's put a garnele onto the griller then . 
  hows that brazil-business going , mate ? 
  well what do you expect ? 
  they were an empire once , now there are reduced to a weird island . 
  why ? 
  who the hell do you think we are ? 
  americans ? 
  worst he could do was trigger snap elections . 
  hahahaha . 
  the time of speical deals , or ` rosinenpickerei ' like the germans call it , is over . 
  well , good for him .
