  not being a muslim is not an issue as far as the government and public institutions are concerned , but not every citizen shares the secular stance of the constitution . 
  personally i avoid the topic of religion completely with people i 'm not familiar with . 
  lol , you wish . 
  i actually produce 4 children per week . 
  you 'll be lucky to have europe by next year . 
  we actually started the syrian civil war so we can come to yurop . 
  outplayed with ease . 
  hehe , i believe the exact same plane that did that landing was just posted by me . 
  seems like a small world for cool airshow f-16s . 
  looks awesome . 
  [ here ] ( https://galeri.uludagsozluk.com/47/solo-t%c3%bcrk_130166.jpg ) is one of the coolest turkish f-16 paint jobs . 
  i have n't came across to much of the actions taken by turkey in the news but i 've been reading the stuff russia does in the news such as raiding banks and businesses , not allowing turkish imports , not allowing turkish athletes , not welcoming turkish students as this post suggests and etc. 
  obviously russia is responding to an event . 
  shooting down a plane can definitely be considered as a ridiculous over reaction but after that event , what did turkey do exactly , that matches the actions taken by russia in the level of ridiculousness ? 
  i doubt turkey has much control over the rebels it supports . 
  also it can be said that the russian pilot murdered a lot of `` syrian pets '' . 
  i 'm not condoning it and it is a war crime but turkey does n't have to give orders for the rebels to seek revenge . 
  is n't russia doing most of the ridiculous stuff though ? 
  edit : i 'm talking about the aftermath of the event . 
  alright , i do n't like defending erdo\u011fan at all but this news is a few months old . 
  they are just breaking out the old stuff to go with the flow i guess . 
  also he says that women and men are naturally different and basically endorses motherhood instead of the business woman persona . 
  still a showcase of bigotry of course but it is not the `` men are superior to women '' message that is being pushed in the article . 
  i like my butt as smooth as a baby 's butt . 
  sue me . 
  oh yeah we have those and many people use them . 
  i personally always imagined they just turn it on wash their butt and dry/wipe it with toilet paper . 
  what ? 
  if that 's true please kill me . 
  i 've never used anything less than 5 baby wipes followed by washing my hands with soap . 
  i think i just died a little on the inside imagining using my bare hand to wipe the shit . 
  got ta love the old click bate . 
  average turkish redditor is more likely to live in the western coast of turkey , north america or europe . 
  western turks are barely distinguishable from other mediterranean europeans and citizens of balkan nations . 
  internet is n't very popular in central and eastern turkey and reddit is n't really popular anywhere in turkey . 
  turkey had a very low nation wide usage of internet iirc , something like 45 % i think . 
  i do n't necessarily think russia intended their jet to be shoot down . 
  they probably just thought that turkey would n't have the balls to shoot their jet mainly because how dependent those two countries are on each other economically though russia probably has a slight edge overall when considering the natural gas they supply to turkey . 
  i agree . 
  no one should defend erdogan against putin or vice versa . 
  in my opinion turkey legally overreacted to russia 's intentional aggression . 
  russia lied about it in typical russian fashion and started a minor propaganda and economy war against turkey . 
  that 's the extent of the situation . 
  it does n't make putin or erdogan a good guy . 
  they were both opportunistic manipulative assholes before this and they still are after this . 
  there is a comma there which he forgot to put . 
   ypg is a militant force ofc they would accept , however peshmerga is basically a nation 's military . 
  this is what he meant to say , i think ... 
  well , pkk has been around for 40 years . 
  in fact the biggest period of peace was under erdogan . 
  not that i support either of them . 
  just saying ... 
  another reason to keep using my vpn i guess . 
  just a simple proxy or a dns switch would probably do the job as well . 
  i 'm surprised at how late this decision came considering that reddit is extremely critical of erdogan and he have jailed and sued people for much much less . 
  anyways , reasons just keep piling up to leave the country when i get a chance ... 
  yeah , you can probably just go vote for anyone with akp sponsored transports . 
  early voting is a thing only for abroad voters . 
  turkish citizens that are not in turkey vote in few weeks advance and i think they also have more than 1 day to vote . 
  but that 's not the case for turkish citizens in turkey . 
  people are supposed to vote in the city that they are registered . 
  that already fucks half of the college students right when people are coming up to midterms . 
  it 's not that easy to spend 5 + hours travel twice ( go & comeback ) when they are suppose to study . 
  also a lot of people work at different cities then where they are registered . 
  akp however offers free transportation to a lot of their voters probably using government funds etc. 
  this is also the second election in 5 months so people might feel disheartened that no good came of the last election . 
  it 's really unfortunate . 
  there is also the other economy factor i mentioned above ... 
  i expect : akp : 50 chp : 23 mhp : 11 hdp : 10 i 'm really shocked at these results . 
  seriously only two explanations i have are , low attendance from the more educated parts ( at least lower compared to the summer election ) and hopes of fixing the economy . 
  the currency lost a lot of value due to volatility and the moment a government is formed it will recover . 
  best option for that is akp winning unfortunately . 
  wwiii it is then . 
  germany asked for it ... 
  something about recalling the diesel models which would make the gasoline models the only viable option which in turn would make the gas prices go up . 
  except turkey already has world 's most expensive gas and diesel prices . 
  the theory was n't totally bat shit insane but it was still no where near believable . 
  welcome to the foreign policy of turkey in the last 10 years . 
  `` literally everybody in the world is conspiring against the might turkey because they are still afraid of the return of the magnificent ottoman empire \u2122 . '', 
  yesterday an akp supporter at the firm i work part time in told me that vw emissions scandal was done on purpose to weaken turkey . 
  he also believed turkey was the strongest country in earth . 
  i could n't even begin to give an answer to that type of idiocy . 
  but it explains how akp is still in power even after countless scandals . 
  few million people like that guy and all you need to do is throw religion and people will scrape it of the ground . 
  even though i agree with your point on this occasion , your money is never on anything else . 
  might as well add that article as a signature , you are basically adding it to your every comment . 
  turkey tried to take care of 2 million refugees for 2 + years . 
  maybe not everything is a deep ploy and turkey is having difficulty keeping all the refugees safe and happy and as such they are trying to leave to europe . 
  maybe turkey needs europe 's help and europe needs turkey 's . 
  above all it is important to remember that millions of people lost their homes and jobs , an entire country lays in ruins so maybe 500k refugees plus the ones already there are n't that big of a number . 
  then let 's say first nobel winner on a scientific branch , not that there is anything wrong with the literature nobel . 
  fair enough . 
  it might be difficult to make education in kurdish available nationwide but it certainly can and should be available in cities with considerable kurdish population . 
  most turks are probably under the `` they live in turkey , they should be educated in turkish . '', 
  banner at the moment . 
  that should certainly change . 
  i wonder if the situation is comparable to hispanic people living in usa , i do n't actually know but i assume they have the option to study in their native tongue . 
   they managed to mash / kill / dispose of a number of kurdish organisations as well as bombard training camps , etc. 
  which organisations are those exactly ? 
  hdp that was elected to the parliament ?
