i was born and raised in istanbul , turkey . 
  never lived abroad for long period of times , only short trips . 
  but i had very secular parents so it definitely helped me form my opinion on these matters . 
  i do have many friends that share similar thoughts to me . 
  also gezi park\u0131 protests showed that there were many others as well . 
  secular people are not in the majority though . 
  main voting demographic for erdogan mostly do n't care about issues of economy , freedom of speech and international reputation . 
  all they care about is religion and how they will be rewarded in heaven for supporting erdogan . 
  hence erdogan keeps getting elected despite causing scandals after scandals . 
  yeah my opinion on the matter changed as well . 
  i never really bothered to look it up because i 've heard the `` economical success '' of akp being thrown around so often . 
  you learn stuff everyday i guess ... 
  i guess you are right . 
  i must admit i 've heard the `` improvements '' in economy so many times i just assumed it was correct . 
  ( i 'm not very good at understanding the nation wide economy so it 's hard for me to just observe it for myself ) reading your comment , it makes a lot of sense why the stats about the economy have improved but our economy in the international scale have n't really changed all that much . 
  you are probably right , i am over exaggerating it . 
  that is because maybe i 'm too young , so for more than half of my life he has been the head of the government . 
  since i have n't experienced a shift in ideology and government it has become hard to imagine it . 
  but there is always the possibility that he might go back to the ottoman days and leave the throne to his son ... 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recep_tayyip_erdo%c4%9fan#economy obviously it is not all positive but there have been noticeable improvements . 
  really ? 
  that 's surprising . 
  the word turk exist in turkish and is used without any bad connotations . 
  i do n't see why anyone should be offended by it . 
  i think it 's close to the latter . 
  health care and education is definitely far from perfect . 
  i do n't see how those can be considered a plus for the akp . 
  working conditions are laughable . 
  ( especially obvious during the recent soma tragedy where a mine collapsed and hundreds of miners died because safety regulations was n't being followed ) the age of retirement is keeps getting higher and higher . 
  the money is losing value but the salaries are not increasing enough to compensate for it . 
  the way erdogan gets most votes are by alienating the other parties into a situation where if you care about religion you should vote for him because other parties does n't care about it . 
  also during election times free coal and home appliances are distributed all over the country , a lot of express road building projects start . 
  also there are always scandals about electricity going out during voting or chp votes being found in the dumpster and etc. 
  so i do n't think his votes from the working class are nowhere near justified . 
  `` what !, 
  did you just called me turk ? 
  you racist fuck . '', 
  said no turk ever . 
  [ here is a good image to explain the situation . 
  ] ( http://rt.com/files/news/24/6c/90/00/turkey.jpg ) this is the result graph of local elections of 2014 . 
  akp is the governing party . 
  ( islamist , right ) chp is the main opposing party . 
  ( secular , left ) mhp is the second opposing party . 
  ( nationalist , right ) however it should be noted that mhp usually aligns their views with chp 's views in the recent years . 
  in most votes mhp votes the same way as chp . 
  bdp is the kurdish party . 
  erdogan 's main supporting demographic is definitely the religious people that are lower and middle class . 
  especially the working class . 
  chp is supported by secular demographics that are mainly the middle to upper class . 
  in most cities where akp won , chp gets most of the remaining votes . 
  that 's why akp seems to have a higher amount of cities to their name when compared to their overall votes percentage . 
  the story with istanbul is that half the population is working class citizens that immigrated from anatolia ( asian part ) in 60s-70s to find employment . 
  ( also many people went to germany around these times ) so istanbul has some very secular and rich parts and has some religious and poor parts . 
  of course there are some religious and rich parts as well . 
  but i doubt there are many secular poor parts . 
  people hated him before are speechless , wondering how he can get away with it . 
  people support him still support him and probably say `` yak\u0131\u015f\u0131r ba\u015fkan\u0131m\u0131za '' which means something like `` it suits our president '' , meant in a positive way . 
  for me it 's ridiculous and pointless and nothing but a assertion of dominance . 
  unlike what many people think , religion is not what drives this man . 
  it 's power and money . 
  religion is just a mean to his end . 
  i hope i live enough to see the day his power ends . 
  i 'm surprised he did n't demolished ataturk 's grave ( an\u0131tkabir ) to build his palace . 
  i wonder for how many more years will he be in such power ? 
  i 'm afraid my entire adulthood might not be enough to see his messed up dynasty end . 
  unfortunately unsurprising news for me . 
  stuff like this happens all the time where many international and local situations are dealt with differently based on their positions on religion and the government party . 
  state of the press is also pathetic . 
  i would say the type control the government has over the law is bordering dictatorship if not already breaching it . 
  it is definitely far away from standards of democracy it claims to be . 
  this is just another terrible practice where they bend the rules in favor of erdogan and his party . 
  ( do n't get me wrong , i am not trying to trivialize the situation ), 
  well ... sadist , fascist , delusional , anti-internet , pro-islam , bigot , anti-freedom of speech . 
  that probably describes our former prime minister , current president erdogan pretty well i would say . 
  the release of the hostages does seem interesting . 
  erdogan of course took credit for it but that is really not an indication of anything . 
  being manipulative is the defining factor of his power . 
  however i think turkey 's problem is that it is not colluding with anyone . 
  western powers wants to know if they can rely on turkey . 
  but erdogan have n't really shown any sign of reliability . 
  he is planning his strategy for world domination ( lol ) while trying to not piss anyone off . 
  he does n't act like anybodies ally nor their enemy . 
  ( even though we are in nato and `` trying '' to get in the eu . ), 
  he obviously does n't really want turkey to be a part of eu . 
  i feel like if he did , his actions here would have been more clear . 
  he probably envisions turkey as a leader in a united muslim nations or something . 
  his delusions already hurt the country a bunch and probably will continue to do so . 
  it 's really unfortunate . 
  * the majority * is roughly 52 % . 
  most of these people are working class religious people from anatolia ( or immigrated to istanbul from anatolia for work ) . 
  they only see an improving economy and a muslim brother when they look at erdogan . 
  i truly do not believe that most of them would not prefer a monarchy like model over a democratic one . 
  the issue is that erdogan is very good at segregating people based on their religion , opinions and ethnicity . 
  which creates * us * and * them * . 
  this makes the voting process very simple for his followers . 
  to answer your question i would definitely agree with your understanding of erdogan 's intentions . 
  he is trying to become the single most powerful person in turkey . 
  he is also trying to achieve majority in the council so that anything he wants can be turned into law . 
  he is trying to create a monarchy in the disguise of a democracy . 
  he is not too far away from this amount of power and influence .
