  he just abused it to it 's maximum potential . 
  i remember the same crowd burning dollars when the turkish currency was losing value . 
  by buying dollars with lira and burning the dollars they helped lira lose even more value in a stupid attempt to protest . 
  ( granted it was small amounts but still ... ), 
  i would think it would be below average , and that 's a pretty low bar to clear . 
  education is quite poor in turkey , teachers are underpaid and often not well educated themselves . 
  government does n't really like investing in it because it does n't have the fast results that corresponds to votes such as roads , bridges , hospitals and shit . 
  do n't expect a boom in technology sector in turkey anytime soon but you can probably expect random turkish scientists in other countries due to them leaving turkey . 
  watch your mouth infidel . 
  carpilacan . 
  never said those are identical things . 
  all i am saying is that of course putin will say `` i 'm sorry those 3 soldiers were killed '' and not act like he personally killed those soldiers . 
  it does n't change the fact that this is commonly referred to as an apology between leaders . 
  putin also did n't kill those soldiers , unless he personally decided the coordinates or flew the planes or manually approved the attack . 
  no one is expecting him to say `` oh no erdo\u011fan , please forgive me , for i have made a terrible mistake . 
  erdo\u011fan sent his condolences to the pilots ' families after the downed jet . 
  it was referred to commonly as an apology to putin/russia . 
  so this is also in the same ballpark . 
  no need to waste time on words too much , it 's a symbolic apology . 
  if it 's for deescalation people should n't worry about egos . 
  greeks send their regards . 
  [ say no more . 
  blaze it ? 
  wtf lol . 
  how do you know i 'm not opposing him ? 
  i go and vote in the elections . 
  i try to argue to convince my few akp voting friends . 
  but i 'm not going to try and assassinate erdo\u011fan lol . 
  you have a very fucked up understanding of what is democratic and free . 
  you do n't automatically get democracy once you kill erdo\u011fan . 
  first you make him a martyr , then you cause another strong man to take his place . 
  all you can do is wait from him to fail economically and politically and after that you hope that you can do meaningful change . 
  nazi germany did n't lose because hitler died . 
  hitler killed himself because germany lost . 
    its not like governmet drew this or anything . 
  u know that about 50 % is against erdogan right ? 
   because he suppressed the opposition . 
  try reading the comment before replying to it lol . 
  50 % is against erdo\u011fan despite all his control . 
  that 's at least promising if nothing else . 
  once again you are confusing dictatorship with authoritarianism . 
  both of those guys are popular due to `` strong man '' politics and their opposition are obviously under heavy pressure due to their unjust use of power to control the media and etc. 
  but they are still elected by the public . 
  my right to criticize america does n't come from where i was born and it does n't come from you . 
  for someone who thinks that america is free , you are awfully restrictive on who can criticize the american leader . 
  if you do n't like people criticizing trump you should go back to your safe space in / r/the _ donald where people that disagree with trump are banned . 
  i think you are living in an alternate reality friend . 
  erdo\u011fan is an authoritarian cunt but he is democratically elected . 
  back to back , multiple times . 
  i guarantee you that trump wo n't be elected again , that is if he can actually complete his 4 years . 
  so in a funny way , erdo\u011fan is a more popular and credible leader in his country than trump . 
  same goes for putin . 
  so only citizens from countries with democratic leaders can criticize trump ? 
  because erdo\u011fan did n't draw this himself . 
  and this magazine made many about erdo\u011fan as well . 
  just so you know taf will not be getting better in the following years . 
  requirements for entry have been lowered substantially so more akp aligned people can get into to it . 
  previously you needed more credentials and not be a part of imam hatip ( religious ) schools and now that limitation is lifted . 
  independence of the acceptance process has been taken over by the government and all military schools now will have entirely civilian teachers and oversight . 
  on another note , taking a city from isis where they have decent local support and are willing to fight to the last man is pretty difficult without giving absurdly high casualties . 
  fsa has been proven to be a joke so it 's all on the taf soldiers and despite what everyone in / r/syriancivilwar insists , taf does n't just carpet bomb and level cities killing tens of civilians for each isis member hit . 
  however bad positioning of armor and poor handling of vbied and svbied attacks has been the biggest issues shown by taf . 
  also erdogan started using the `` commander in chief '' title to in may last year so army is facing immense pressure from the government to rush the operation and they are obligated to follow to the letter . 
  needless to say , objections and alternatives are not exactly able to be discussed . 
  there is nothing regarding atheism and secularism being regarded as sickness in this link . 
  and i have n't heard it from any other source . 
  mind telling me where this german site source that information from ? 
  stuff about the evolution and atat\u00fcrk being reduced has been talked about for over a week now but the other stuff is news to me . 
  competing with the likes of kenya , uganda and jordan . 
  so proud . 
  religion , not even once ... 
  fair enough . 
  not every western person has these thoughts . 
  but the fact that i see that line of thinking as the top comment on every post about the coup tells me that the majority thinks that way . 
  i did n't say anything about hating turks . 
  unlike the average turk , i do n't actually believe the entire western world is out to get me and turkey . 
  all i am saying is , i am tired of getting schooled about the * obvious * fake coup . 
  it pisses me off how disrespectful that is to every one who suffered due to g\u00fclen prior to the coup , i.e. 
  mostly secularists . 
  we do suck at pr . 
  what exactly do you want me to do about erdo\u011fan though ? 
  i ca n't personally change the minds of millions of islamist lunatics who vote for him . 
  i criticized erdo\u011fan on reddit dozens of times . 
  there is good karma to be had in that shit to be honest . 
  but , like i said , there is not much for me to do about it and it 's annoying to get patronized by people on a topic who they clearly do n't know enough about . 
  no , only western people realized his true intentions , all of turkish people were sleeping . 
  erdo\u011fan totally was n't bashing g\u00fclen in literally every speech for the last 3 years , military was n't planning on retiring hundreds of people early due to suspicions few weeks after the coup . 
  we just do n't get it , we are not enlightened enough . 
  it was * so * obviously and undeniably a fake coup and a power grab . 
  g\u00fclen is totally not an another erdo\u011fan craving for power with a cult following . 
  he was just a tolerant poor innocent cleric who did n't jail hundreds of secular soldiers with fake evidence in cooperation with the government . 
  gulenists did n't push people out of many sectors , they totally did n't give the university and high school entrance exam questions to their followers . 
  / rant erdo\u011fan is a piece of shit , g\u00fclen is a piece of shit . 
  g\u00fclen attempted a coup , erdo\u011fan might have known about it and let it happen or he did n't know , either way it failed dramatically with common people stopping tanks and soldiers getting lynched . 
  erdo\u011fan declares state of emergency and the country is fucked . 
  but no , literally every one in turkey is wrong , western people are so much more experienced with erdo\u011fan and g\u00fclen . 
  they know best . 
  triggered . 
  ^ let 's ^ call ^ it ^ tan, 
  a lot of tourists wants to see the historical side of turkey when they visit .
