  gender segregation and banning of alcohol is high on his list of things to do . 
  well i hope such a day comes soon so we can put this terrible event behind us . 
  well to be fair there are a total of 3 turks in this thread . 
  well it 's 4 now . 
  in any case i am not denying it . 
  however this whole topic is * never * discussed in turkey . 
  people really are in denial by default . 
  i can never really properly discuss it with anyone without nationalism being shoved in my face . 
  i am sorry that armenians had to go through this event . 
  wars are always devastating and there were a lot of village raiding and general disturbance by the armenian `` gangs '' . 
  but nothing excuses a genocide . 
  it seems like turkey will never accept this due to it 's pride and other political reasons . 
  it 's kind of an unsolvable problem . 
  constitutional court once denied his request for banning youtube and twitter . 
  he literally said that he will do it anyways on live tv during a rally and people cheered for him . 
  ( and he did ban them for the duration of the last elections propaganda ) he sees himself above the law . 
  his deputy also said on live tv that they were in fact not having equal propaganda compared to other parties . 
  because he was the prime minister of course he would have more posters , commercials and coverage . 
  ( funded by tax payers of course ), 
  they are not voting with their experience or logic , they are voting with their religion . 
  it 's inevitable i am afraid . 
  his intentions are very clear . 
  he is going to improve the powers of his position significantly . 
  with half the country following him blindly there is no hope at sight . 
  there are many women voting for him as well as well as many young people . 
  when the majority of the country approves of his actions no one can challenge those actions even if they are clearly wrong , against democracy and secularism . 
  two ideals that helped form and improve this country after a devastating war . 
  it 's heartbreaking to witness these events :(, 
  [ turkey ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6lqkyf0.jpg ) it 's a mall called sapphire . 
  238 meters tall . 
  unfortunately no . 
  he has many young followers as well as old ones . 
  i personally can not comprehend the state of mind that their young supporters have . 
  i myself am 19 years old and i find it ridiculous that they banned twitter and youtube right before the election because `` they were spreading lies '' . 
  lies that includes a voice recording between the pm and his son regarding a stack of cash that needs to be hidden . 
  apparently there are young people that consider this okay . 
  nation wise education definitely needs improvement . 
  but uneducated people are basically akp 's source of power . 
  they present themselves as the guardians of religion . 
  everyone else are `` others '' . 
  frankly the pm shows many traits of a fascist dictator . 
  sadly he can be considered charismatic as a politician and is capable of giving strong speeches . 
  even when he clearly cherry picks his arguments and straight up twist the truth , nobody cares . 
  he is a strong `` world leader '' among his followers eyes and people accept anything he says . 
  every election many regions that akp might lose , faces troubles with electricity going out , votes going missing or turning up in dumpsters , revotes in locations which end up changing positively for them . 
  propaganda is funded from government funds ( funds that are created by tax payers to improve the country ) and they distribute things like coal electronic devices in exchange of promises of votes . 
  whenever there is a akp rally subway stations and taxis work for free to the meeting location . 
  spot on observation . 
  turk here and i am watching as the country slowly goes to shit as the governing party and the pm uses religion to gather votes and just build a monarchy for themselves under the disguise of democracy . 
  the pm is almost guarenteed to be elected president in the very soon to happen elections and he has been improving the powers of the title of president for years now . 
  what proper chance this country has , of becoming a part of eu and the western society is about to diminish because of the ambitions of an arrogant man . 
  such a shame , especially after the hard work people put into this country in 20th century . 
  i think chp supporters are a mixture of nationalists and leftists . 
  there is also kemalism in there too . 
  i did n't want to say nationalists because it could be misunderstood as mhp supporters . 
  you are right in that they have n't had sole power for a while now but they were obviously part of coalitions . 
  i 've never said anything close to erdogan being innocent and yet you went onto list his illegal and manipulative activities . 
  do you think erdogan brainwashed his millions of supporters ? 
  those people support erdogan without a second thought because they felt oppressed by the elitists and leftists . 
  erdogan has the power he has today because leftist parties of turkey have failed to relate to the very large conservative uneducated part of turkey . 
  i 'm coming from a family that is a huge chp supporter , i 've only voted for chp in my life , i will only vote for chp for the foreseeable future but it is naive to think that they are perfect . 
  all i am trying to achieve is constructive criticism for the elitist and leftist side of turkey . 
  i found the article mostly accurate . 
  it has the very important quality , that is not perceiving everything as black and white . 
  a stance i try to take on every political discussion . 
  a stance i find people at / r/turkey seems to have lost due to recent events . 
  as of this moment there is literally nowhere to discuss turkish politics without blaming everything on erdogan , pkk , hdp or a combination of the three . 
  i 've lost faith for open minded genuine discussion some time ago . 
  all there is left is to observe and worry about the future of the country ... 
   show the middle finger to eu lol . 
  i think you are still living in 16th century mate . 
  what was the standard used for other years in the graph though ? 
  maybe you can reach 800k by keeping the conditions very broad but would it be a fare comparison with previous years at that point ? 
  seems like 800k projection is a bit exaggerated . 
  is n't the number for 2015 a projection ? 
  what is the number until august i wonder ? 
  but it 'd be naive to assume everything is going as intended and this certainly seems like an issue . 
  well after a certain amount of time ct 's and t 's switches side right ? 
  immigration at work , i tell you !, 
  i do consider myself european . 
  culturally i feel like a mix of both worlds but i 'm not a religious person . 
  i 'd love us to join eu but i do n't see it happening anytime soon . 
  i like european values like the importance given to science and importance given to social care . 
  i think cyprus invasion was initially justified but it no longer is . 
  north cypriots seem to no longer want turkey involved but if and when turkey does leave they will have some big issues regarding their economy . 
  i visited there this summer and cyprus looks like any other eu nation but northern cyprus looked underdeveloped in comparison . 
  i dislike erdogan heavily , he was the worst thing to happen to turkey in a long time . 
  but similar events would have happened without him , just with someone else in charge . 
  it 's more about the underdeveloped and uneducated part of the nation more so than erdogan himself . 
  it would take some progressive policies to fix these issues which will never happen under parties supported by the same uneducated side that would benefit the most from it . 
  i do n't see a kurdistan that includes lands from turkey . 
  they do n't have the military or political power to enforce it and even most kurds living in the claimed lands of kurdistan seems to be more than happy to stay in turkey . 
  a lot of western taxes pay for expenses at the east . 
  additionally i do believe armenian genocide happened to a degree but i think it is extremely exaggerated in it 's claims how it was planned and went down . 
  it 's been subjected to 100 years of single sided narrative and is probably in a unsolvable state at this point . 
  turkey would never admit to the version currently being presented by the armenian side and armenian side wo n't back down neither . 
  so in my opinion the issue is unsolvable . 
   a sort of revenge against the kurdish political party entering the turkish parliament making his own political party lose it 's majority . 
  this part is mostly true . 
  i would n't call it revenge but it is certainly a strategy for erdogan .
