  pkk who is a terrorist organisation that is accepted by numerous countries all over the world ? 
  ypg which turkey had little to no interaction with thus far ? 
  iraqi kurds which turkey has mostly positive relations ? 
  kurds are not oppressed in turkey , contrary to popular belief . 
  they are as oppressed as any non-akp supporter in turkey when it comes to things like freedom of speech , economical benefits and fair and just treatment in the court of law . 
  kurdish right have come a long way in turkey in the recent decades , pkk 's cause is no longer justified . 
  most kurds that support pkk are either living in their comfortable homes in europe/na or literally having to live with pkk in the southeast of turkey . 
  who could have possibly knew that guys walking with ak-47 's and rpg 's in the middle of city would have little contest against their cause ? 
  surely there are no other factors at play here other than the pure ideological beliefs and outcries of kurdish people against the oppressive turkish government . 
  also the funny thing is , they do n't even want independence . 
  they want autonomy . 
  they still want all the economic benefits and tax revenue spent in their region but they want to make their own laws and domestic decisions . 
  good luck with that . 
  in turkey it 's identical to your post op . 
  but it 's pretty recent , went into effect few years ago . 
  before it was not regulated by time periods . 
  i think it should be understood that you can expect 2 types of drain . 
  one that will be in the immediate future , of people associated with the g\u00fclen movement and a different more slow drain of people that simply hate the path the country is heading . 
  in my immediate circle of friends , in one of the better universities in the country , a decent amount of my people are looking for alternatives abroad in europe and america . 
  but they are not looking to get out tomorrow with an asylum request , but more like in a few years with the goal of post graduate education . 
  in fact from the gulenist crowd , you can expect people that are actually very religious but often do n't show it as opposed to the secularist educated ideal that a lot of people seem to assume . 
  i dislike that notion because it 's an insult to the secularists that suffered under both erdo\u011fan and gulenists . 
  i do n't think all followers of g\u00fclen needs punishment and it 's natural that they would look out for their safety . 
  but do n't confuse them with western minded secularists . 
  people should n't downvote based on the title alone . 
  edit : the entire article is bashing erdogan and the rich gulf countries . 
  but apparently asking for people to actually read the article is cause for downvotes . 
  so some random akp member used the word `` gavur '' which is also often used as `` foreigner '' and that means the country as a whole is radicalizing fast ? 
  by that logic any trump speech would mean that america is also being radicalized ? 
  right wing politicians plays the religion card very often all over the world , that does n't mean the country is being `` radicalized fast '' . 
  what ? 
  did the ambassador went to jihad training ? 
  even if `` turkey is radicalizing fast '' , which it is n't , how is that * opinion * even remotely relevant to the poor relations between austria and turkey ? 
  death penalty is unlikely i feel like . 
  erdo\u011fan passed the ball to the parliament and the country as a whole does n't have a whole lot to gain by reinstating it . 
  people are just angry over the attempt and the civilians and non-coup soldiers that died during it . 
  it will probably cool off in a few weeks . 
  since it is state of emergency they probably would have already reinstated it by now if they were going to . 
  last year student of computer engineering in istanbul technical university . 
  born and raised in istanbul . 
  i 'm definitely secular but i do n't feel as nationalistic as some of my countrymen . 
  there are no popular truly left parties in turkey so i just vote for chp even though they are center left and do n't represent my views completely . 
  it 's still the best option to make an actual impact though because barrier to entry for the parliament is 10 % which is absurdly high . 
  i was n't alive to witness those events but the majority of the public agrees that they were terrifying and harmful . 
  even most secularists have negative views about those coups . 
  they were brutal and uncompromising . 
  this led to the policies of erdo\u011fan today . 
  throughout his tenure as a politician he always made the military out to be the evil that looks to strip people of their religion . 
  he was/is partly right because those coups completely mishandled the religious side of the public . 
  they antagonized them and made life hard for them . 
  now their feeling of being victims of the past is what drives those people to hate all secularists in the country . 
  people see the main opposition chp as a religion hating coup supporting party . 
  there is no reasoning with these people . 
  since atat\u00fcrk was also openly against religion interfering with the public , they despise him as a politician . 
  they adore him as a soldier though . 
  it 's a weird relationship , akp voters have with atat\u00fcrk . 
  overall , the left and secularist side of the country always acted in an elitist way when dealing with the religious side of the country . 
  the coups only bolstered this belief . 
  poor education and the economic difficulties of being a low class worker often pushes people to religion . 
  akp really tapped into this part of the public by appearing like the common people 's party which also held religion dearly . 
  these people need to be better educated and shown that their religion is not looked down on . 
  they also need to see that secularism is not the same as being anti religous . 
  erdo\u011fan , with his divisive policies , created a very hard to close gap between the people . 
  for chp to fix this , they need a people 's person to get them popular instead of the scholar looking and acting man they have now , who is kemal k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu . 
  he is a smart person , which i appreciate but the average turkish person is n't interested in someone like that . 
  they want strong people that they can relate to . 
  once , and if , chp is elected as government they can start improving education , which is the only thing that can fix this huge rift between the different sides of the public . 
  akp is n't interested in improving the education and closing this ever growing hateful gap between the public . 
  that hatred and the lack of education is the very thing that fuels their parties success . 
  they gladly improve the religious education , make it mandatory and spread it all across the country though . 
  because it only suits them . 
  edit : for the second part of your question , the country is still mostly legally secular . 
  but in practice that does n't always apply . 
  sale of alcohol was banned ( few years back ) after 10 pm from stores for instance . 
  this change is obviously completely religion driven but was made into law . 
  ( you can buy at bars and clubs and etc. 
  but not from stores ) in almost all akp politic rallies religion is a huge focus . 
  religious head scarfs were permitted to be worn in universities and public institutions . 
  also recently military academy was opened to students coming from imam-hatips which are religious high schools . 
  these changes are obvious breaches of the secular constitution in my opinion . 
  akp voters do n't really want democracy and secularism anyways . 
  right now democracy dictates that akp is the majority and the rightful government so they are all over that shit with their `` democracy watches '' . 
  but 3 years ago during the gezi protests those same voters supported the violent suppression ( mostly non-lethal , with water canons and tear gas ) of the rightful concerns and protests of the secular public . 
  they are colossal hypocrites . 
  erdo\u011fan barely has to influence the majority of the public because half of the country is not actually interested in democracy and secularity . 
  they are interested in someone that shares their views to rule the country unconditionally . 
  erdo\u011fan is n't ruining turkey , turkish people are ruining the country and erdo\u011fan is the vessal that represents their will . 
  i 've lost faith in my fellow countrymen years ago , i also feel deep sorrow for the roughly 30 % of the country that is western and secular . 
  you ca n't do a whole lot democratically when millions of mostly under educated , pro islamic citizens act like erdo\u011fan is their sultan and whatever he does and says is the law because he represents their islamic ways . 
  couple that with erdo\u011fan 's divisive policies and you have a toxic environment with a party that is supported by the majority and never cooperates or compromises with other parties . 
  a close ally to erdo\u011fan is exactly what g\u00fclen was 5 years ago . 
  erdo\u011fan can point the finger anywhere he wants but that does n't means the opposition will buy it . 
  they are not stupid . 
  that means opposition also genuinely believes it 's g\u00fclen . 
  similarly nationalists ( mhp ) and the kurdish party ( hdp ) also believes it 's g\u00fclen . 
  secular soldiers that were falsely arrested also believe it was g\u00fclen . 
  erdo\u011fan ca n't control what all these factions thinks . 
  maybe if the entirety of the country believes the coup against turkey was orchestrated by the same man , just maybe , turks are right about this one since they would have more information and personal experiences about g\u00fclen and the hizmet movement as opposed to foreigners who only have the western media to gather information about the topic . 
  explain to me like i 'm bilal . 
  ( erdo\u011fan 's son , often presumed to be stupid . ),
