  in 2008 the gdp drops lower than 2001 but it also increases much more rapidly because the government was able to loan tons of money . 
  however it is later explained that these huge gdp boosts coming right after crisis times are only `` picking up the slack '' . 
  in these times the country only reaches it 's gdp potential instead of actually increasing their potential . 
  ( a concept better explained in the video ) . 
  * akp chose to borrow big amounts of money to deal with the crisis , trying to stimulate demand and supply . 
  however it continued to do so even after the country 's gdp normalized and the crisis was no longer very effective . 
  a crisis strategy still being followed in times of stability is explained to be a bad move . 
  this strategy is only effective at pushing demand , reaching the potential . 
  not effective in improving the potential . 
  akp had policies which actually directly contradicted what the presenter considered to be policies required to improve the country 's gdp potential . 
  policies such as creating more labor force instead of utilizing the existing one better , negative real interests instead of saving to increase the capital and hindering educational policies instead of promoting better education for human capital . 
  ( for instance , young women are encouraged to be mothers instead of pursuing careers ) * large amounts of money akp borrowed brought some issues with it . 
  as the demand surpassed the supply inflation became inevitable and uncontrollable as country failed to hit it 's inflation goal for many consecutive years . 
  government no longer borrowed money from national banks so these banks started to give a lot loans to many citizens . 
  short-term currency flow also increased . 
  these actually somewhat worked okay under a period of construction boom . 
  today construction is the primary economic rent creation and distribution mechanism . 
  the government completely changed the zoning laws allowing for much bigger constructions than the land was assigned for . 
  a piece of land that was assumed to house two story building now could house a 20 story building essentially creating value out of nowhere . 
  * rest of the world began to stabilize while turkey still kept it 's short-term effective and long-term destructive economic strategies . 
  turkey 's ability to borrow money is starting to decrease and it will continue to do so as the world is aware that turkey is n't implementing effective economical strategies . 
  ** tl ; dr/w : ** akp took over a very well planned programme with big potential benefits that at the time looked like a wreck . 
  they followed it until it expired and reaped all the benefits . 
  now they are unwilling to do the painful reforms necessary to create sustainable and healthy economic growth . 
  they are creating temporary growth in order to keep their votes which are heavily connected to the economic success of the country . 
  the construction and foreign loan based economic boom will not last forever . 
  country has been at an economical policy void for a while and the future is unclear but it does n't look very good . 
  thank god . 
  i started to fear for the youth in the country playing violent games like minecraft . 
  hopefully now they will all migrate to a much more friendly and constructive game . 
  probably gta v. 
  google personalizes the search results based on the user so it does n't matter which extension you use . 
  you will most likely get different results . 
  just as op did . 
  there is no way to produce this kind of map where it would same for every user . 
  what 's a few jets flying here and there between two neighbors . 
  leaving the party right at the end and not even staying to clean up . 
   you look at median wage dude . 
  added that one to my comment too . 
  it made literally no difference to my points . 
   when you 're turkish and can earn 100 euros more wow you just earn 20 % more . 
  if you 're belgian and ear 100 euros more , wow you just earn 3 % more . 
  did n't know that the minimum wage in beligum was $ 3300 . 
  i 'm sure cost of living is exactly same as turkey as well . 
  for minimum wage , with extra $ 100 , a turk would earn 23 % more . 
  a belgian would earn 7 % more . 
  for average wage , with extra $ 100 , a turk would earn 17 % more . 
  a belgian would earn 5 % more . 
  for median wage , with extra $ 100 , a turk would earn 24 % more . 
  a belgian would earn 6 % more . 
  these numbers are still pretty tempting . 
  except when you factor in the cost of living . 
  it 's also important to note that turkish lira lost a lot of value in last few years . 
  but prices in the country did n't go up with the same ratio . 
  so turkish lira is worth more in turkey than it is in europe . 
  cost of living : [ turkey ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=turkey ) , [ belgium ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=belgium ) . 
  i think it would be fair to say that living is twice as expensive as turkey . 
  now your numbers becomes even closer . 
  moving to belgium is not really a opportunity of life time as you make it out to be . 
   france has a good social security meaning that while you are unemployed , you still get some support , you get good medical benefits etc. 
  is that the case for turkey ? 
  [ benefits in turkey . 
  ] ( https://www.justlanded.com/english/turkey/turkey-guide/jobs/social-security-in-turkey ) as good as france ? 
  probably not . 
  terrible ? 
  probably not . 
   about 1.5 million romanians left after romania joined the eu . 
  only in 2014 did romanians get full rights to work in the eu . 
  1.5 out of 20 million people . 
  turkey is not joining the eu . 
  at the end of the day , the problems you are facing are potentially a few million turks looking for a better life and overstaying their tourist visas , with the backup plan of always coming back home . 
  or few million guaranteed syrians whose homes are destroyed . 
  if you have a plan where you manage to make no one come to europe then good luck to you with that . 
  i 100 % agree . 
  the reality of this situation is that , this video is aimed to make the navy more likable . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  it 's not really evil or good . 
  usa does similar stuff with their military as well . 
  / r/europe is n't really a place for military propaganda . 
  a general children 's holiday celebration video would probably be much more welcome . 
  which you can change if you wish to . 
  obviously it would be better if it was not stored at all ... 
   well , then constitution is meaningless at this point that part is debatable . 
  if the things you mention are happening , it is because majority of the turkish people are religious and poorly educated . 
  a few smart guys can write a constitution but to change the minds of people , a few pages of legal documents would not be enough . 
  that 's why education should be heavily invested in and that 's exactly why akp wo n't invest in it . 
  they risk losing votes if they work for the prosperity of the citizens . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  constitution clearly explains that religion is no criteria for any sort of public institution job application . 
  it is the individuals that does the discrimination and that 's exactly what i said . 
  constitution is secular but not every citizen feels that way and upholds that principle . 
  when a person eliminates you from a job interview for your religion that is because of his or his boss ` es individual stance . 
   your id shows your religion . 
  will be changed soon to not reflect your religion . 
   you have to fight a lengthy legal battle to get it changed and you 'll face a lot of discrimination if you do so . 
  i 've heard multiple times before that it takes literally less than 10 minutes to get it changed . 
  you go to a `` n\u00fcfus m\u00fcd\u00fcrl\u00fc\u011f\u00fc '' and ask for it to be changed . 
  they give you a new id card with that part being empty or one of the other major religions . 
  what is your source for the lengthy legal battle if i may ask ? 
  freedom to not be a muslim i guess .
