  yeah , no ... 
  speak for yourself . 
  they did n't brainwash secularists who have been protesting and criticizing erdo\u011fan for the last 10 + years . 
  they did n't brain wash gezi protesters . 
  they did n't brain wash secularist soldiers that was prisoned 5 + years ago thanks to the collaboration of g\u00fclen and akp . 
  sometimes truth is simple and direct . 
  west is acting like the gulenists being behind the coup is a crazy conspiracy theory erdo\u011fan is using to brain wash the people . 
  but an already popular president organizing a fake coup against his own people is somehow the logical and expected conclusion ? 
  some of the coup soldiers fled the country , some of them commited suicide rather than being arrested , most of the conscripts gave up mid coup because they did n't want to kill people . 
  the ones arrested are being humiliated and potentially abused or even worse . 
  how the fuck erdo\u011fan convinced them to do all this ? 
  by what magical words did he convince 30 + year generals to be humiliated and die for him ? 
  turkish media is n't fully controlled by erdo\u011fan . 
  erdo\u011fan did tame the media by threatening them with massive fines and lawsuits but that did n't stop media outlets from criticizing him . 
  turkish people are in unison at this moment and it 's not because erdo\u011fan . 
  it 's because an islamic cult tried to take over the country and people are glad it was stopped . 
  erdo\u011fan is an authoritarian that is bordering on dictatorship who used his islamic voter base to increase his powers . 
  he committed many crimes , most of which was done together with and thanks to g\u00fclen . 
  but in this instance , he is the democratically elected president and the people , islamists , secularists , nationalists and even the kurds all supported democracy over the coup of an islamic cult . 
  i 've always voted chp , i will always continue to vote for chp , i still fear for the future of this country under erdo\u011fan . 
  but i 'm 100 % certain this coup would have been worse . 
  i did n't used the original title because i wanted to specifically mention the brief history of g\u00fclen cemaat the article provides . 
  i 'm not claiming g\u00fclen was definitely the one who organized the coup but he certainly had the motives for it . 
  certainly erdo\u011fan benefitted from it but perhaps he only played his cards right due to having an early warning about the coup . 
  also i should mention that the article is surprisingly well written and detailed , as opposed to simply parroting the turkish government or fully speculating like many other foreign articles on the topic . 
  it has a healthy mix of both with some historical narrative to back it up . 
  supporting a coup would be political suicide . 
  even if he hates erdo\u011fan with all his being , it would be insanity to support a coup . 
  if atat\u00fcrk wanted this kind of rule he would have tried to become a dictator . 
  he wanted to educate the public above all else . 
  this coup would not have solved the problem , it would only delay it . 
  the 2 previous coups were the very foundation erdo\u011fan built his legacy on . 
  that and the mistreatment of religious people . 
  this would have created another erdo\u011fan 10-20 years later in my opinion . 
  heads of every political party , prime minister , president and all highest level generals have declared that they do not support the coup . 
  they lost from the start when they failed to capture erdo\u011fan and the prime minister . 
  you ca n't organize a coup with a handful soldiers and few vehicles while the prime minister and the president calls for the public from tv . 
  bad planning , insufficient support . 
  results ? 
  erdo\u011fan get 's his dear wish of a supreme and all powerful presidency . 
  if this is orchestrated by him as a coup attempt it would be one of the most effective political plays of our time . 
  so all i can say is , the moment the coup started , democracy lost . 
  wow !, 
  great photo . 
  the resolution and the color depth is impressive considering the photo is 2000 years old !, 
  turkish airlines ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  alright i 'll bite . 
  i 'm writing this at 11.30 am on a saturday , so maybe  the scores of turks on / r/europe were sleeping . 
  the footage these journalists published showed a `` secret '' supply of arms to syria in a truck . 
  the destination of the truck is unknown . 
  it did n't have `` from : erdo\u011fan , to : isis . 
  xoxo '' written on it 's back . 
  however it was obviously heading for someone not very nice . 
  al nusra or al qaeda , many other islamist rebels or other groups might have been the target . 
  or maybe isis was indeed the target . 
  that video was more than 2 years old . 
  it is very possible that 2 years ago , akp thought that isis was a temporary threat and they would use them to weaken assad and block the kurds from forming a foreign territory . 
  it 's obvious today that , turkey does n't get along with isis . 
  there are encounters regularly now with isis , from outside the border . 
  whatever arrangement they might have had probably fall out a while ago . 
   who continuously insist that turkey is n't supporting terrorists in syria ? 
  i do n't think turks really claimed this . 
  they did claim turkey did n't support isis though . 
  currently i can say that , that statement is most likely true . 
  but 2 years ago turkish government most likely tolerated and/or secretly supported isis . 
  not because they believed in their cause or wahhabism , but because it was practical . 
  gib islands . 
  first : wrong place to reply . 
  second : i counted 5 movies in the bottom 100 that are turkish . 
  i personally rated both movies 1 star . 
  i do n't like blatant state propaganda , even when it 's against g\u00fclen . 
  it used to be . 
  it no longer is . 
  the absolute lowest movie is another akp propaganda film though . 
  it 's about g\u00fclen and his organization . 
  the biopic of erdogan is at 1.9 and it would currently fit in bottom 10 and 20 worst movies of all time but it 's not on the list right now probably due to some algorithm in the back end of imdb that delays placements . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.imdb.com/chart/bottom ) is the actual bottom 100 list . 
  greece did try to implement it ... 
  some random person starting a tv channel is hardly newsworthy to me . 
  that is why i have clarified that this is a rather small project that is not related to any political parties in turkey . 
  so it wo n't really make a difference in the grand scheme of things . 
  there is also a comment regarding the double standard of not allowing erdo\u011fan to campaign but allowing this tv channel to air . 
  that 's pretty relevant to what i am saying . 
   i 'm not here dispute this or that , but this map could be clarified better . 
  this is not related to * the * turkish opposition party chp . 
  it also seems not directly related to the 2nd opposition party hdp which is mostly a kurdish party . 
  this seems like a rather small project from a few independent journalists who seems to be sympathetic to the kurdish situation at south east and concerned about the general undemocratic trends going on in the government . 
  i 'm not sure it is exactly accurate to call this turkish opposition tv . 
  so there were 35 armenians ? 
  35 thousand ? 
  35 million ? 
  it 's probably a percentage . 
  but it 's not clarified . 
  also today 's greeks in turkey map is unsourced . 
  i 'm not here dispute this or that , but this map could be clarified better . 
  i agree that he knew of the coup attempt and used it to his advantage . 
  but saying that g\u00fclen is just some random tolerant islamic cleric is an insult to secularist soldiers that were falsely arrested under his plan . 
  it 's also an insult to those that were pushed out of the army at the academy level via threats and inhuman tasks that were given to those with kemalist leanings . 
  g\u00fclen is just the different side of the islamist bullshit coin . 
  erdo\u011fan 's time will come but he was n't directly responsible for the coup .
