  like the washington post ? 
  are biggots against britain called briggots ? 
  if not , i call dibs on coining the term . 
  no , but it is very ironic !, 
  it has to . 
  humans are too slow to react to the market . 
  i find this idea hilarious : assume britain is one person and the eu is just some group project . 
  b originally wanted the project , even helped it get started . 
  then the second it gets kinda challenging , b flips a coin and decides to get the hell out of dodge . 
  now the funny part : the faces of everyone else who kinda didnt like the project but decided to join anyway . 
  haha , think about those silly danish faces . 
  also this completely fails to illuminate the complex political system in weimar germany . 
  because of hindenburg being president but hitler winning the people forced hindenburg to make hitler chancelor . 
  the majority did not vote for hitler but a lot of them did ( iirc the nazis got 33 % of the last fair election , which is a lot in a multiparty system ) . 
   turns out that sovereignty is the biggest protector against strife . 
  control your own currency , control your own central bank , control your borders , control your govt . 
  honestly , nothing has turned out yet . 
  it 's not even two quarters after the referendum let alone any brexit negotiations . 
  there 's no data to call it a way or another yet . 
  let 's have this discussion again post-2020 when the consequences or lack thereof become clear . 
  literally not what u/internationalbastard said or even implied . 
  that sentence has one fact in it : the uk has n't left . 
  that 's the only thing that was stated . 
  a bit ? 
  fucking best start . 
  we 'll see how it goes in vi . 
  they actually were n't . 
  not at the same level . 
  sweden had the same thing and even then many economists showed that in case of global crises not being in the euro would help smooth over the storm . 
  it 's true though . 
  the uk has n't left yet . 
  no news - good or bad - will change that . 
  there 's a huge miscommunication going around with what post-brexit means . 
  some use it to mean post-referendum , some mean post-article50-and-following-negotiations . 
  i personally mean the latter when i say that the uk will probably have a hard time ahead , but it 's good to know that there 's some hope for a things to go smoothly . 
  surstr\u00f6mming from sweden . 
  that 's beside the point . 
  does n't change the fact that it is now nor does a smaller eu somehow result in a better economy for the uk . 
  also sources , please . 
  that 's a real issue with direct democracy and binary votes . 
  this is why in an ideal republic people would elect representatives to make sure some sort of compromise is found that works for all . 
  there is room between `` punishment '' and `` giving everything that is asked '' . 
  i 'm certain the people negotiating things know this , but we 'll see what the spin is when it reaches people on both sides of the canal . 
  depends who you ask . 
  that is n't what / u/bundesclown is saying . 
  he/she is saying that it 's hard to envision an economic path where breaking of from the world 's biggest trade bloc ends up having a positive net effect in the end . 
  but the fact stays that there existed a tendency for older , poorer , rural and uneducated people to vote for leave . 
  of course there are people who do n't tick those boxes on both sides , but that 's just how demographics work . 
  it 's not a uk thing either , it 's happening everywhere in the world and the brexit vote just had the ( un ) fortunate timing of being the first one where the gaps between demographics show so clearly . 
  it 's not arbitrary and you know it . 
  it 's based on agreements the uk signed already . 
  and no one is expecting it to be paid completely , hence why it 's part of the negotiations . 
  i do n't know about you , but i was taught about tom of finland in high school . 
  he 's everywhere these days , but it 's not like we just `` found out about him '' . 
  the fourth one is taken from the aalto university campus during spring . 
  guy is wearing his student hat . 
  conclusion : it 's near vappy / may day and he 's shitfaced so he wants to stand next to the bush in case he needs to puke . 
  having done mandatory military service : two months was the time it took for me to learn all the skills needed . 
  the rest was spent doing pretty much ordinary work but in military clothing . 
  unless you do something extremely special , one month would probably be a good enough basis for more training if needed in a crisis . 
  there is a second point too . 
  a service like this could end up with suitable people aiming towards a career as officers . 
  without conscription , certain kinds of people end up being academic officers - and it might be in everyone 's interest if they at least had some other kinds leading next to them . 
  considering the people involved and their voracious appetite for everything dick , it 'd be considered animal cruelty in most european countries . 
  because the bet was for animal dicks !, 
  * hindmost or are you suggesting the devil to suck on your ass ? 
  not just that they want scotland to fight brexit from the inside , they also do n't want to be seen as trying to break up the uk . 
  saying this means that eu treats the uk as a whole for the negotiations . 
  what happens if scotland does become independent is a completely other thing . 
  so you got what you wanted with empty promises ? 
  * puff puff *, 
  can you circumvent the ban using vpn ? 
  glasgow and budapest , yes . 
  have you ? 
  if you are seriously putting glasgow above those , you are clearly insane . 
  let 's say we put the eu capitals , a few american ( inc canada ) cities , australia 's big few and like singapore and tokyo together . 
  that 's already . 
  that 's already top 40 . 
  that 's even excluding china and smaller british cities like edinburgh . 
  you sure love glasgow . 
  probably a lot more than the rest of us . 
  i do n't know how much you love glasgow but assuming only the landmass area of the world , you are left with approx 150 000 square km of area that you 'd take over it . 
  the greater la area is already nearly 10 % of that . 
  granted , la is a bit of an outlier but basically you are putting glasgow in the top 25 or 30 of cities to live in the world . 
  tulip republic !, 
  ahhh , our god-emperor . 
  it is in europe . 
  he 's mostly seen as a hilarious but sad joke . 
  thank you . 
  nobody talks like a president like i do . 
  i used to live in germany and not a single damn store accepted visas either , so you must be right !, 
  you know when they send their people , they are n't sending their best . 
  some of those people are very bad dudes . 
  if people here would have to cut their bullshit , this subreddit would have 90 % less discussion . 
  btw , that 90 % was a bullshit number . 
  that 's how pensions work though . 
  problem is the what counts as a punishment . 
  is the 60 billion a punishment or just part of exercising that right ? 
  also communism as practiced by the ussr or mao 's china is n't exactly the same communism that is considered left-wing . 
  that might be a really longterm goal , but i think most finns understand that russia just does n't have the money or international goodwill to try and annex us .
