  populism is an easy wave to ride . 
  trump might have just been the right person in the right place at the right time . 
  second , europe has been saying thank you . 
  half of nato went to iraq with the us even if they did n't have to . 
  eu countries ( even those not in the nato ) are buying american weapons and generating income to your military industrial complex . 
  it might not show in the life of an average citizen on either continent , but `` europe not being thankful '' is an imaginary talking point created for this election cycle . 
   almost like , you know , an electoral college . 
  very much like the electoral college , but these people stay to represent their countries in other matters too . 
  that 's how * representative * democracy works . 
  `` these people '' ? 
  come on . 
  why create boundaries where they do n't exist ? 
  `` u mad bro ? '', 
  what ? 
  the media reporting in their own interest ? 
  how unheard of !, 
  of course the western media will be against anything that is good for russia and the russian media will take the other stance . 
  do n't be naive . 
  because if you look at statistics , that 's the group that votes conservatively . 
  lmao ... 
  and it 's not that they are tired of it , look how close both votes were . 
  this is the old fighting back against the new . 
  it was naive to assume that uneducated , religious , poor white people would willingly go into the twilight . 
  i nominate vince mcmahon to be the us minister ( secretary ? ), 
  of funny walks . 
  i like your wrestling . 
  which is ironic cause trump is now the first person wrestle at wrestlemania and be president . 
  charlie brooker . 
  neil gaiman . 
  stephen fry ( national treaure ... ), 
  only and only if we stick to the first rule of empires : you need an emperor or an empress . 
  no half-assed , parliamentary controlled king or queen , a proper ceasar . 
  i 'm also impressed by the sheer determination to keep funding humanities and culture in the wake of a wave of `` stem only '' thinking . 
  and i say this as a stem person . 
  he is backed by the same establishment that gave us bush , even some of the same people . 
  in addition , us influence in asia hinges on strong alliances that wo n't survive a loss in trust that would come with weakening nato . 
  trump would have to be insanely politically savvy to even start to lessen us involvement in nato - and i personally do n't think he is . 
  we will always have to . 
  it 's the only way to kill it : let it suffocate in the empty promises . 
  was very close in finland with the true finns gaining government positions , but populism usually fades when given power . 
  hey nordic bro , let 's make the north the texas of the eu . 
  except with welfare and hookers . 
  a president is n't the only way to federilize . 
  will do . 
  we 'll all have a nice chat and a drink as the western world burns down around us . 
  oh i will and i 'll assume it 'll go the worst way possible for the global economy and cooperation . 
  at least fox news pretended to be less partisan this time with trump 's feud with megan kelly . 
  hard to say how much of that was orchestrated on purpose though . 
  yeah , sounds plausible . 
  but then again , after 2016 i wo n't trust anything anymore . 
  we forgive you < 3 the west survived reagan during the cold war . 
  this ca n't be that bad . 
  the irony : if lepen wins next year , germany will end up being the only western great power without alt-right at the steering wheel . 
  that 's exactly what they were . 
  manipulated by the media that just happens to be `` non-mainstream '' . 
  empire or hegemony ? 
  empire implies an autocrat . 
  [ que the mongol montage !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqcvro-3f4i ), 
  no , i would n't . 
  but it eats away at your argument . 
  give people a reason to dismiss you - no matter how small - and they will . 
  not trying to start an argument here about russia , but is russian really a race ? 
  might want to rephrase that . 
  well , til . 
  i knew that they did n't consider themselves anything but romans , but the original name was a mystery to me . 
  what year was the name changed ? 
  was the city ever called byzantium ? 
  byzantium was n't even used during the glory days of the country , it was just rome until the fall to ottoman forces . 
  original sick man of europe , yo !, 
  this is the country that lead the largest empire in history less than 100 years ago and created anthropology to rule over other cultures . 
  what a whimper for an end of a hegemony . 
  russians took being the bad guys like friggin champs . 
  after being the baddies for the whole cold war , it must have hurt their ego when even bond and ethan hunt ended up facing danes , germans and swedes . 
  talk about villain decay . 
  holy shit !, 
  the word `` perturb '' being used in the right way !, 
  well , the germans and koreans do it with their cabbage so why not fish ? 
  referendums are also a very silly way to govern . 
  it 's not agile enough to react to anything that needs reacting to and it just ends up favoring a majority in every decision . 
  a republic ( which most democratic nations are ) is governed by the elected people just to avoid mob rule and always have someone be informed on certain important subjects . 
  seriously , a lot of grief given to the brits is simple bantz . 
  4chan has worse daily . 
  the nato bell is changing though . 
  first , the renewed aggression from russia . 
  second , uk ( and others too ) is using nato as a reason not to develop a eu army . 
  this really does resemble the bush years . 
  especially when bush was re-elected . 
  my friend still uses the term `` bushbashing '' sarcastically . 
  malta was going to be a part of the uk . 
  ca n't we just give them shit for that in the spirit of this thread ? 
   organ thief or a mafia member why not both ? 
  also , organ and member , i see what you did there !, 
  meh , just trust our robot overlords . 
  too big of a project . 
  would have to affect every corner of the earth at the exact same time . 
  never cause reagan had such a hard on for thatcher 's economic policies that there was nothing to critize . 
  but russia is a world power and switzerland is not nor never was , let alone a former hegemony like britain . 
  i agree that gdp isnt a good measurement alone , but nothing is . 
  numbers need to be used depending what you want to measure .
