  the march date was set before the court decided that she does n't have the mandate to declare such a thing without parliament . 
  finns smuggled stuff to estonia during the ussr . 
  it 's amazing how one needs three pairs of new jeans for one day long visit . 
  ahh , putin cheese . 
  i ate kilos of cheese in a few weeks . 
  i was just there and did n't realize to take a pic and get that sweet karma . 
  metrics matter here . 
  i see oslo , helsinki and moscow compete with london and paris depending on the way you measure things . 
  the war ai n't over !, 
  ehh , ottoman empire would have fallen anyway ( economy was bad and education low ) but no ataturk . 
  i just assumed that it 's either because both have an incomprehensible language or that both are a weird version of their neighbors ( swamp germans , lake swedes ) . 
  they 're avenged sevenfold , duh . 
  not really . 
  i wad reading some old pentagon studies from the 70s ( public ones though ) and it had suspected vectors of attack by the soviets . 
  it concluded that assuming ussr wants a usable port on the atlantic , they 'll most likely aim for southern sweden through finland and the baltics . 
  reasoning was the least resistance and support from the arctic sea fleet . 
  that would of course be a disaster for both the eu and nato so they 'd have to at least send material help . 
  these days there 's the euro also which would possibly crash which france and germany ca n't let happen . 
  also , excluding each other , the us is sweden and finland 's closest military partner . 
  nato and the us promise regularly that both can join nato even during a crisis . 
  also helps that sweden 's air force and finland 's army are pretty formidable for european states . 
  because if something happened , finland , sweden and norway would be smack dab in the middle . 
  control of gotland gives control of all the airspace of northern europe - from which way the us/canada planes would approach . 
  the arctic would become a theater of war . 
  if russia and nato were to go toe-to-toe , there would be no neutral parties in europe except maybe switzerland who would keep trading with nato . 
  eu alone forces sweden , ireland and finland into the nato block . 
  i do it , why the / s ? 
  ooooh you meant the friends part !, 
  also at what level you look at things and what you take as your metric . 
  example : pound drops in value so one side is crying how the economy is suffering while the other anticipates growth in exports . 
  both then turn that one piece of the puzzle to claim what they think the puzzle will look like when finished . 
  i know a few cases in england - outside of london - where finns have gotten told to go back to poland . 
  i guess it 's become some sort of default diss . 
  oh shit , that 'd be a great villain for a bond movie : an extremely militant feminist , who wants to start a world war to advance women 's rights . 
  and bond would be the perfect misogynist protagonist too . 
  i can already hear people getting upset . 
  yes , it is . 
  ahhh , i got it : in a thread about brexit ( you know , an eu issue ) , you complain that people equate europe with the eu in a long-winded , unclear way . 
  righty-o . 
  aaaaaand ? 
  still missing the point here . 
  hey , no need to get mad at me if you have problems translating your thought to text . 
  i 'll repeat with your exact words : how are they reduced ? 
  yeah yeah , sure , but what does that have to do with culture or history - the points you said were being ignored ? 
  sorry , the english flair , dissing the french and seemingly defending brexit had us fooled . 
  might want to use / s next time . 
  no , they do n't . 
  just because you say they do , does n't make it so . 
  yeah , why the tldr op ? 
  you are undercutting your own argument . 
  got any suggestions for a book of his ? 
  you know , liking the eu and appreciating culture and history do n't rule eachother out . 
  y u heff 2 b mad ? 
  it 's an old stereotype here in the north . 
  i believe it comes from an association with bikers and satanists , but that has n't been the case for decades - if ever . 
  let 's not forget what sweden has done for us/finland since ww2 . 
  unified defense ? 
  check . 
  dragging us into the eu ? 
  check . 
  making it clear that finland is nordic ? 
  check . 
  we managed to stay independent next to the ussr and out of nato through the whole cold war . 
  we did n't do that alone . 
  the king of sweden did an interview just a few months ago where he remembered about kekkonen and how familiar they were . 
   cold war could hardly be called sovereign or independent by that logic , most nato states ( especially canada ) , either germanies , cuba or japan would n't either . 
  everyone was a pawn to the us and the ussr in the cold war . 
  realpolitik does n't mean losing sovereignty . 
  could we get a `` i am the law !, 
  like someone pointed out : lake swedes . 
  japanese whisky is n't cheap . 
  not even in japan . 
  yay !, 
  one of my personal heroes . 
  let 's also remember that heaviside formulated the vector calc for maxwell 's equations . 
  the whole process is a triumph of science , physics , maths and teamwork !, 
  the bag full of garbage or the bear ? 
  sidetracking here into an area of interesting stuff : alt-history as a genre has some fairly interesting conventions about what is acceptable and what is not . 
  making too big a leap from real history at the point of convergence is a surefire way of getting called out and laughed at . 
  for example , [ the draka saga ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_domination ) gets constant flack for it 's assumption that everything goes as badly as possible . 
  there really is a good joke there along the lines of `` mods just protecting their own '' but i 'm dignified enough not to tell such lowbrow jokes , 
  good job though . 
  the inevitable result would have been a flame war . 
  talking about nazis , did we get hitler , himmler or goebbels threads ? 
  i 'm actually all for an independent catalonia , but it is slightly ironic that such sentiment comes from someone with an america flair . 
  so 40 % got it right ? 
  he meant a silly monarchy . 
  the queen is the best . 
  welsh lamb tastes nearly as good as the place names !, 
  the ussr ? 
  best timeline has our boy bonaparte not rushing into russia and forming the eu in the early 1800s . 
  imagine standing under a rain cloud made from the breath of that one drunk old guy on the bus whose breath smells like ass . 
   i am personally familiar with people from crimea - would that be enough ? 
  never . 
  anecdotal evidence does not work . 
  we do n't know what your biases are . 
   was the referendum illegitimate ? 
  yes . 
  were its results faked ? 
  if the referendum was illegitimate , the result was illegitimate .
