  no one ( in their right mind ) is blaming the polish people for this - hell , the protests are amazing . 
  but something needs to be done and the eu functions at the state level and the people are part of the state . 
  the `` opponent '' being that sexy english lad on the other side of the border ? 
  no , nothing sexual about the sauna . 
  is your skirt a request for homosex ? 
  i like my sweaty knife fights like real men do : naked . 
  only behind a sauna . 
  wow , can you teach me ? 
  i can pay in irish whiskey . 
  it is , after all , better . 
  oh shit , i played myself . 
  why would they ever like you more than their baltic bros ? 
  no hate , just an observation . 
  so just cause swedes could n't hold onto us and we had a small dance with the czar , we 're suddenly out of the nordics ? 
  we finns approve of this notion . 
  i 'm so using that in my next/first scifi novel !, 
  i think austria should change its name to hapsburgland or something just to get rid of the \u00d6 . 
  it makes for seriously ugly acronyms . 
  i know a better way . 
  scots are practically just englishmen in kilts . 
  please do n't kill me . 
  neither during your lifetime , i 'd assume . 
  waterland ? 
  waterworld !, 
  someone call costner . 
  does n't have to be an authoritarian state to be unpredictable these days . 
  well fucking duh . 
  it 's their platform . 
  long live emperor kekkosv\u00e4yrynen . 
  we really are n't far off . 
  passport free movement even without schengen , cooperation in everything from economics to arctic council to eu to the military , scandinavia and the world comics etc. 
  hey !, 
  you took my joke !, 
  you visigoth !, 
  unless it 's a soft brexit and you stay in the eea !, 
  looks wonderful !, 
  it 's a conspiracy by all of the nordics . 
  the plan is to tie germany into our cool , depressed clique and obtain power overwhelming over arctic politics . 
  let 's include some european born too : barbossa , charlemagne , william the conqueror , < insert danish king  , many roman emperors , catherine the great and all american presidents who precided over the indian massacres . 
  he was n't wehrmacht though , he was ss . 
  the markets are us together , all of us . 
  well , at least those who have money . 
  the markets react like us humans do in herds , packs or murders , whatever we form . 
  the markets represent our money representing us . 
  and that is why it panics easily , has knee-jerk reactions and lacks both common sense and classic rationalism . 
  because that 's how we are as a species . 
  only dry , plain fruit cake . 
  it is christmas after all . 
  oh come on !, 
  think about what you just wrote with at least a bit of objectivity . 
  basically your argument is `` look at us in a positive light , look at other in a negative one '' . 
  sweden , for example , took in as many jews as it could from denmark just before the german invasion . 
  they also gave material assistance and sent volunteers to fight in finland against the russians ( regardless of which side finland was on at that moment ) . 
  the british genocides were planned with multinational forces . 
  the irish famine was caused because the english took the food from ireland when it needed it the most . 
  the british colonization of africa , the indian subcontinent , the middle-east and australia were all based on making good deals with certain local rulers - to the detriment of the ones that did n't make the deal . 
  the people who were in charge in germany were charged at the nuremberg trials , escaped or are dead . 
  they can say the same . 
  hell , patton got into trouble just because he let nazi party members into politics in the american occupation area of west germany . 
  also what you are saying implies that there 's a limit of how long atrocities matter and it is until the people behind it are dead . 
  how about the people who committed genocide and returned to change the culture ( like for example the brits from the zulu wars or even the ww1 m-e theater veterans ) ? 
  why is a generation that is in their 90s and dying better than their previous generations that have died off ? 
  edit : oh and the opium wars were planned between britain , other european powers and british bengali ( where the opium was grown ) . 
  that 's a pretty tough generalisation of what the rest of europe was up to in the 30s and 40s . 
  i 'm sure countries like sweden or the baltics really enjoy being grouped up with nazi germany . 
  and if you want to dig the uk history for genocides and atrocities , irish famine and opium wars for example are easy to find . 
  i 'm not trying to take away from the fact that what the uk did in ww2 was amazing and fitting of the title finest hour . 
  i 'm just trying to say that saying that already implies it 's been downhill since then . 
  the thing about the `` finest hour '' mentality is that it seems to ignore how much a last stand it was for the british empire . 
  the five years of total war and siege left the uk in shambles and the other allies enforced decolonization on it . 
  the idea should be more of a valiant blaze of glory . 
  it 's like a group of siblings . 
  everyone of us gives sweden shit , but lord save that person outside the family circle who dares to do that . 
  britain did n't really have much choice in decolonization considering its two allied superpowers ( us and ussr , fyi ) pretty much demanded it . 
  also many of the colonies ( middle-east , indian subcontinent ) were powder kegs the brits just barely ( and rather expensively ) kept from exploding . 
  for every australia , there 's a pakistani-indian conflict . 
  for every canada , there 's the palestinian issue . 
  for every new-zealand , there 's one apartheid . 
  saying that decolonization went smoothly is a grand generalization . 
  the end of march is nearly may !, 
  yeah , i find it very weird that people wish bad luck upon their neighbors but hey , it 's a time honored tradition . 
  i honestly feel bad about what i think will happen to the uk in the exit negotiations and i 'm quite certain that many eu leaders do too , but unfortunately realpolitik is a bitch . 
  well , it is factually impossible to say with certainty how something affects something else beforehand . 
  the true ramifications ( or lack thereof ) of brexit will only be seen in decades . 
  yeah , agreed . 
  but it 's the same in the sense that the argument `` it will hurt the eu as well '' is being thrown around . 
  it 's based on the assumption that people ( and in this case , organizations ) always choose in their self-interest in a way that is net-beneficial to them . 
  to call the `` it will hurt you too ! '', 
  bluff . 
  and threatening to do it with the uk . 
  because the guardian is a rather respected newspaper when taken out of the context of petty , domestic politics . 
  not just that , cameron tried an all in bluff to stay in power and it backfired . 
  brexit is someone trying to play a game of domestic politics and getting beaten up by a populism stick . 
  french elections are before any brexit negotiations . 
  unless you think that le pen will still be steamrolling in the next elections . 
  vaara is not a mountain . 
  the proper translation is `` fell '' . 
  see : winterfell, 
  but facts are my emotions . 
  problem is that she has to have it voted through parliament first .
