  that 's pretty disproportioned relatively speaking . 
  i read it and was underwhelmed by the analysis and overwhelmed by the daily mail ads . 
  my point is that without looking into details , it 's impossible to say who wins and what . 
  both sides will have winners who benefit from possible tarifs but not everything can or will be tarifed . 
  also you have to factor in both absolutes and percentages . 
  in addition you have to look at each industry on its own . 
  what services does britain offer that the eu ca n't ? 
  how about the reverse ? 
  that article is moronic in its simplicity and you should not take it for granted . 
  the biggest losers wo n't be clear for a decade or two . 
  now it 'll be welsh farmers !, 
  whoo !, 
  wait , what ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if britain imports more , any tariffs will be paid by the british consumer . 
  also you have to compare them to the relative size of the economy . 
  before the negotiations , we wo n't know who loses more . 
  but everyone loses . 
  if you need an ass to put your head into , you can borrow mine . 
  * wink wink nudge nudge *, 
  oh butt it is . 
  do you know the book `` no sex please , we 're british '' ? 
  you think they bother to wait for someone to speak ? 
  `` go back to poland ! '', 
  i have friends who get mistaken for polish people when they are in the uk . 
  everywhere else in the world swedish is usually the first guess but i guess the hate for the poor poles trumps actually looking at people . 
  hehe , trumps . 
  i 'm bloody brilliant . 
  fun fact : bulldogs are genetically so shitty that they have trouble breathing . 
  they only exist out of the vanity of humans and due to the popularity of eugenics before a certain hitler made it look bad . 
  so not the best animal to compare oneself with . 
  while i completely 100 % agree with you , remember that nations do n't have friends , only interest . 
  for your sake as the global hegemony i hope trump does n't do lasting harm - such as dismantle your global trust by bringing down nato . 
  you can come guard the border , sure !, 
  and london would have never become the banking center for europe . 
  poor chuck tingle . 
  getting pounded in the butt wo n't be worth as much anymore . 
  but that 'd mean we 'd have to make rome to capital . 
  how about the greater hanseatic league ? 
  make l\u00fcbeck the historical capital and keep everything else in brussels ? 
  well , it is the greatest of britains . 
  that 's like calling your only kid `` your favorite son '' . 
  makes them memorable . 
  okay , you are right . 
  but still way better than trump 's hair or farage 's face . 
  and not all of those nations are even nato members . 
  well , at least wilders and le pen look like politicians . 
  trumpster and nigel look like they should be lying in a ditch somewhere drinking anything with ethanol in it . 
  what 's with the asian eyes on the donger ? 
  you racist or something ? 
  not like rome was the capitol of the holy roman empire ever . 
  or the emperor 's seat of the roman empire for all of the empire 's history . 
  bring back constantinople . 
  scratch that . 
  bring back east rome . 
  first of all , we could vote for the monarch . 
  second of all , let 's not pretend france did n't have a monarch after the revolution . 
  you could live with it . 
  using `` hegemony '' in your name is kind of a dick move though . 
  that 's like using `` the most awesomest and greatest country evah '' in the name . 
  though in star trek 's case , was n't it given afterwards ? 
  holy european empire ? 
  bring back the hapsburgs ? 
  it was a joke about leaving the british union . 
  relax . 
  as a canadian , he might know a thing or two about leaving unions . 
  hey-o !, 
  you are a europhile . 
  happy ? 
  just floating this around , but what would you be willing to give for malta ? 
  i know you guys have some history and it 's just lying there in the water taking a nap . 
  so you 'd be exiting nato too ? 
  woaw , nice plan . 
  [ oh i see , another round ? 
  she had to do what to get the loan ? 
  i mean surely destabilizing her country and running on a platform of hate is enough , no need for facials . 
  because when you privatize something like - let 's say - railroad or the postal office , you are creating a de facto monopoly/cartel . 
  unless the situation is very specific , no one else will compete with you on the same piece of track . 
  that leads to increased prices ( postal and rail services are the highest of the eu in britain , iirc ) which you either fight with subsidies ( government ends up paying anyway ) or accept that not everyone can afford to use them . 
  * vanishes in a puff of logic *, 
  well , the brits are fucking champions of complaining about foreigners . 
  they 'd be useful . 
  i find it a pretty strong show of hubris that she 's already planning things like this as if brexit will go well . 
  it 's good to plan for the future but there 's some real work to be done in between and i would n't be too sure she can even be running in 2020 . 
  oh shit , i sleep 8 hours and consume caffeine , i 'm fucked right ? 
  okay , i admit i did n't read through the threaded comments . 
  of course those are n't equal , no one is claiming that . 
  you brought up ww2 . 
  you did it on purpose to trigger people . 
  you are fighting a strawman you built yourself . 
  do the japanese owe something to the us forever too ? 
  how about to china and korea ? 
  how far do you take it ? 
  does the us have an eternal debt to the native americans , the african-americans or the mexicans ? 
  look at the balls on this guy . 
  coming to r/europe to remind everyone that germans will always be the baddies . 
  out of pure interest , what is the winter war of -39 comsidered then if not part of ww2 ? 
  italy is n't the official successor state of rome - they owe you nothing . 
  hah , lawyered !, 
  problem is , how do you warn or punish a government without the people ?
