[ here 's the oath . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hippocratic_oath#english_translation ) basically it would prevent abortions and in some cases surgery just by literally reading it . 
  surgery itself is harming the patient ( albeit to treat a problem ) so it goes against the idea of the oath . 
  to be honest , to be a top power on earth , the united europe would n't need the uk . 
  it would help and be appreciated , but not necessary . 
  who would have guessed that the internet would be mainly populated by young liberals ? 
  let alone a subreddit named europe would be pro-eu ? 
  such an amazing realization . 
  til . 
  also there has to be some subreddits that anti-eu-rightist-what 's the opposite of masturbation - gang can go hang in . 
  professor x sent me back in time to tell you that what erwan said will happen . 
  here , check out my awesome boneclaws for proof . 
  eu is the only way the continent can stay relevant in a world with the us and bric . 
  the old colonial powers seem to be slowly realizing that the focus is changing and europe will either become united or become a footnote in global politics . 
  actually i downvoted because of claims that are n't backed up by anything and incoherence . 
  for example : `` there 's no evidence on if it is good or bad as no one has ever exited the union . 
  most likely for a country like the uk it can only gain from not being part of it . '', 
  if you deny the claim of the lobbyists by saying that `` we ca n't know '' , you are n't really in the position to claim what is the most likely thing to happen . 
  in addition the blatant disregard to the fact that the lobbyists paid for the research . 
  they did n't make it themselves . 
  this is how scenarios work when it comes to predicting the future . 
  sorry to go off-topic here but what happened to the higher ed in the uk ? 
  it seems as if there 's no more ( or maybe lets say `` much less '' ) natural sciences taught in the uk universities . 
  and not all of these trillions of euros would be from europe . 
  it 'd be horrendous to russia too : gasprom would go down when europe would turn to other countries to get our energy . 
  in addition the fall of euro would cause the chinese growth to stop due to losing their exports to europe . 
  that would leave russia without any friends in the security council . 
  as someone said , this is only an academic exercise because it wo n't be happening unless putin wants to go down in history as the greatest lunatic to ever rule . 
  then give them back to their legal owners , you thieving scum . 
  that 's like saying `` do n't blame the uk . 
  blame their delusions of grandeur in which they believe they can be a global power alone . '', 
  it sounds good and fitting , but is hardly the truth . 
  for a strong reaction from the eu , there 's a strong counter-reaction from russia . 
  i 'd like to remind everyone that bombings are sad no matter who does the bombing . 
  as someone who has been to okinawa , it is really sad how everything in the museums says it is a replica because the original was destroyed in 1945 . 
  or how badly certain german cities were bombed towards the end of the war . 
  the what now ? 
  i used to live in germany in around 2005 and most of their cities had horribly slow and overly expensive internet deals . 
  this seems like a logical step . 
  the notion of nation states as they were even 50 years ago is not a modern one . 
  we are past the technological , economical and biological limits of that system but the societal and psychological change has yet to come . 
  the sooner people realize that , the better . 
  you have absolutely zero right on the ground you are standing on because a forefather of yours decided to poop on it hundreds of years ago . 
  population density of your small island . 
  except now would be a good time to show solidarity as a union and not bicker among ourselves whose fault it is . 
  not like the situation changes even if the blame gets placed . 
  you did not just utter the words `` ancestral lands '' unironically , right ? 
  because most of us europeans are n't living anywhere near our ancestors if we go back enough - and where do you draw the line ? 
  well , buffer zones worked for russia for centuries . 
  no one ever got to moscow . 
  and this is where it would be eu 's time to shine by at least alleviating some of the problems as a union and not bickering small states . 
  imagine what the situation would be like if there was no european cooperation . 
  should have thought of that before building a global empire over a century ago !, 
  that would be great . 
  hopefully that happens . 
  let 's just remember to adjust the pension age accordingly if it does and not let it creep up like it has so far . 
  if it makes you feel any better , you 'll just be ahead of the curve . 
  the current pension system is n't sustainable in a longer run in countries with an increasingly aging population . 
  it ca n't join the official science club until a famous name in it ca n't let go of his own theories . 
  yeah , i remember that well . 
  the youtube-video exchange was rather amusing . 
  guess what , we complain about the greeks way more than back then about the portuguese . 
  does n't help that our own finances have been totally messed up in the past few years . 
  has there even been a comparison how much going back to the drachma would cost greece ? 
  i 'm not aware so i 'm honestly asking . 
  in addition to this , sweden and finland have some additional protection from never having been part of the soviet union . 
  their russian minorities are n't poor nor especially badly treated . 
  this prevents the `` russians need saving '' card from being played on those areas . 
  where as the baltics have a rather contending relationship with russia due to history , sweden and especially finland have had pretty warm relations with russia for most of the cold war and beyond . 
  they barely have any air space either . 
  well , last time germany and japan had proper armies ( excluding `` defense forces '' ) , we ( humankind as a whole ) took some gigantic warps in science and engineering within two decades and acquired the tech to reach the moon and split the atom to fuel our cities . 
  could we like let them think they are getting an army and then just yank it from them before they start killing millions ? 
  you are an angry one , are n't you ? 
  i have no problems admitting when i 'm wrong . 
  i even bothered to read up what i wrote to see if there was something . 
  you compared the systems to each other and i pointed out the difference . 
  stop trying to put intent into my words that is n't there . 
  no , i did n't . 
  i said that electing people to make decisions for you is a representative democracy and that 's why the eu system resembles the electoral college . 
  geez , learn to read . 
  way to misinterpret words there . 
   just because you like your system does n't mean other systems are magically undemocratic . 
  did i say so ? 
  this is n't some democracy dick measuring contest . 
  karelia is part of russia ? 
  you need '' / s '', 
  australia is on the other side of nowhere in terms of migration and yet they have to resort to rather hard-line immigration tactics . 
  that 's hardly a good example . 
  japan is a nation of islands with only china and south korea have close access to . 
  in addition , the older part of the population is very racist and immigrants ( especially other asians ) are facing an uphill battle there . 
  you still have canada though . 
  and we should never forget that . 
  that 's why we go with option 3 . 
  no one can , no one . 
  exactly !, 
  we need a collectively strong eu if we want to even pretend rolling around in global politics with the us and bric . 
  while i agree with you , i do want to point out a few things . 
  first , becoming the potus does n't say anything about intelligence . 
  you are giving too much credit to one person and not the system behind him . 
  reagan and gwb can hardly be called the smartest people around and yet they managed the same .
