  and russia has bigger fish to fry before we should get worried . 
  because russian military gear has n't really been on-par with the west since the soviet military-industrial complex crumbled . 
  also weapons might be part of the sanctions . 
  and in case of a conflict , finland wants to deny russian troops the ability to take any captured gear and use it right away . 
  should have said petroleum , which by itself is carcinogenic . 
  [ vaseline is just a brand name for petroleum jelly . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaseline ) you are right though that it 's not exactly so straightforward that it causes cancer - [ a carefully made one probably does n't . 
  ] ( http://www.ewg.org/skindeep/search.php?query=petroleum+jelly&amp;h=search ), 
  vaseline is also a sideproduct of oil production as such is rather carcinogenic . 
  i do n't why i brought that up , but somehow it fits the conversation . 
  what are you on about ? 
  do you know a single bit about conducting polls ? 
  the wording of a poll - like in this case - is very important . 
  for example , `` if the referendum was held now , would you vote to leave '' is a completely different question than `` if a new referendum were to be held , would you vote to leave '' . 
  just alone the wording will affect how people answer . 
  but it is actually how polls work . 
  the wording and the implications have to be very precise . 
  remember , america never lost a war before vietnam . 
  that 's why the ( rather brutal ) civil war is so important to them : it 's still the most lost lives in a conflict for the us ( iirc ) . 
  it was n't until vietnam that the us learned that they are n't invulnerable . 
  destiny has n't manifested as much since . 
  but was that what was asked ? 
  meh , us has made sure its allies have access to nuclear tech so that if push comes to shove japan and germany suddenly have nukes . 
  france and the uk are already nuclear powers as is india - all us allies . 
  they might wag their finger but behind closed doors welcome the eu to the club . 
  no single national identity can expect to launch a nuke and not expect nuclear retaliation . 
  except maybe north korea who would just get traditionally bushwhacked by a china-russia-us alliance . 
  and that closet : ikea . 
  swedish and german had a twins and because it 's pretty incestious to bonk in the same language family , the poor dutch and danish were born a bit ... defective . 
  and then the french elect them . 
  seriously , when was the last time france had a non-shady president ? 
  you did n't really leave . 
  more like passed out and are now puking in the bathroom . 
  seriously . 
  there 's more than enough gray zone between punishing britain and making sure the deal is n't better than what they had as to discourage others ... ... unless you reframe punishing into being anything worse than the current deal !, 
  then she does n't ? 
  that 's pretty simplistic to be honest . 
  if it is up to russia to expose politicians , they 'll expose the ones that they do n't like . 
  then instead of scumbags you get pro-russian scumbags . 
  how would you know about the substance without reading it first ? 
  do n't pretend that a first glance does n't affect if you read something or not . 
  people judge other people based on their looks , the same applies for text and information . 
  the smartest of comments will be lost if it looks uninteresting . 
  or have you ever seen a badly formatted post in bestof , for example ? 
  then put some thought into your writing style . 
  nobody reads comments that are badly formatted . 
  nobody even bothers to start a comment that is a wall of text or full of triple dot abuse . 
  aesthetics are part of getting your opinion and your information across . 
  i said it makes you look like a kid . 
  that 's because it 's very tacky to use triple dots often . 
  now i 'm going to say you are a kid because you failed reading comprehension just there . 
  also if you were born in 89 , that is kinda kid-ish anyway . 
  it makes you look like a kid which in turns makes you seem like a hypocrite . 
  while you might be right , please stop abusing the triple dot and then calling someone a kid . 
  the free movement of people part , apparently . 
  agreed . 
  everyone will be a part of a megablock or faded into irrelevance in a few decades . 
  better to build a union through compromise than have it forced on you by circumstances . 
  probably . 
  genghis helped combat deforestation by killing a lot of people , as did the plague . 
  damn those liberals !, 
  considered the best healthcare system in the world in many ( not all ) aspects . 
  just like the british railroad and post office , right ? 
  weird how a place can have a completely different name in different languages , eh ? 
  like turku ( \u00c5bo ) or suomi ( finland ) . 
  are there a lot of jobless academics in the uk ? 
  honest question . 
  from 5 to -30 or so on a single comment is n't being brigaded . 
  that 's not how it works , really . 
  so mean !, 
  also false because the pound was being compared to the dollar , not the euro . 
  non-binding referendum ( that if not followed is against the will of the people ) . 
  you mean # # # # # # if the current trend of the pound 's value keeps up . 
  it 's easy to play catch up . 
  we 'll see how china does when they suddenly have to lead the pack . 
  stop snorting es , it 's clearly giving you adhd-like symptoms . 
  what engine do you run cause you just went from 0 to 100 insanely quick ? 
  i have never claimed that soros is anything . 
  merely pointed out that what he did as a kid in occupied europe might not be the best judge of his character 70 years later . 
  stop taking angry pills . 
  you do realize that what i 've written has nothing to do with soros specifically ? 
  i 'm just saying that you wo n't find a person that old who has n't done something bad at some point . 
  all people do bad actions . 
  it 's what we do to make up for them - if anything - that defines us . 
  you might want to relax and read what you are answering to instead of trying to read from your crystal ball what i supposedly meant . 
  screw youj !, 
  first time i click a fake sub link hoping it to be real ; _ ;, 
  pointing out jews as a kid in occupied eastern europe is basically a crime a whole generation did . 
  i 'm not defending soros , but you might wan na think if you want to really write off a whole damn generation of europeans in r/europe with a simplistic remark like that . 
  it 's amazing that people might be a good person sometimes and a jerk some other time . 
  it 's as if people were complicated individuals with multiple sides . 
  a bridge between what ? 
  the ocean and germany ? 
  finland and norway back to sweden !, 
  no wait ... 
  crimea was roman just a few millenia ago !, 
  yeah , was not assigning blame . 
  just wanted to say that compared to everyone else , that 's a lot of opt-outs . 
  wan na back that up with something other than `` lol '' ? 
  but it does have the most and 40 % of all of them .
