  whether the results were right or wrong does not matter , because the result can not be trusted . 
  my personal opinion is that crimea is a very , very , very complicated issue and i 'm not sure how to feel about it . 
  you ( and the rest of the crimeans ) have my sympathies regardless . 
  what i 'm trying to do here in these comments is keep facts straight and the discussion free from claims like that from u/chipsfrischoriental that ( i assume ) on purpose oversimplify the issue . 
  you talk about error margins and then spout statistics that are misleading . 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea#ethnicities_and_languages ) the biggest ethnicity in crimea is russian with 63 % . 
  where 's that margin of error ? 
  and if kruschev 's drunken gift was such a fumble , why was n't it brought up during the budapest talks ? 
  yeltsin signed a deal that russia will respect the borders - a deal that was not kept . 
  you can argue all you want about motives or legitimacy , but that is a fact . 
  problem is , gallup poll is not a fair referendum . 
  if gallup polls were to be final , hillary clinton would be president of the us and britain would be staying part of the eu . 
  it gives an idea of what the people of crimea think - sure . 
  does it accurately measure it - we ca n't be sure . 
  it certainly is n't enough evidence to invoke international law whereas russia failing to honor the budapest agreement is pretty clear . 
  let 's not pretend that you can distill a century long geopolitical issue into one poll . 
  there 's no simple right and wrong in this case . 
  technically , chechnya was n't part of russia when the ussr broke . 
  that means the parts of the chechnyan conflict that was during those years is russian expansion on a sovereign state . 
  i 'm not making judgements here , just pointing out the facts . 
  it 's possible , but that was n't an opinion . 
  chechnya . 
  that is literally impossible to say one way or the other with current information . 
  in addition , it breaks multiple international treaties . 
  stop putinbotting . 
  that 's not actually how wikipedia defines it . 
  according to it , both the uk and all four parts of it are countries . 
  if you are really certain about this , please go edit it correctly on there . 
  it 's the first source people will go to . 
  need to belonh to a group does not automatically lead to the need to divide into groups . 
  because it makes for good numbers . 
  seriously , that money would have been gone regardless of the eu . 
  like someone else pointed out , the law is vague on purpose . 
  it 's classic european law making . 
  it sets a goalpost `` czech will join the euro '' but does n't enforce the timeline or the will to adopt it . 
  exactly !, 
  thanks , i 'll call it bribing !, 
  also quite fitting since that 's how scotland joined anyway . 
  also for future use , might not want to throw around the word country because it 's not explicitly defined when talking about the uk . 
  uk the country or the four countries in the union ? 
  it 's a bit silly in the modern world , but reactionary conservatism is part of human nature . 
  my issue with the side of the discussion is that sovereignty for arbitrarily defined nation states is taken as a given . 
  scotland and catalonia work as great examples against that too . 
  who gets to declare sovereignty for what ? 
  crying for `` muh sovereignty '' is the european equivalent of `` muh freedomz '' in america . 
  it means that the person who utters it has made up their mind and wo n't discuss it . 
  i 'm a federalist too . 
  but forcing someone into a deal is n't the way to go . 
  also the other side - which seems just as loud - is `` muh sovere ... that thing '' . 
  sides of the same coin . 
  why is everyone in this thread so angry ? 
  they do n't have to take the euro if they do n't want to . 
  uk , denmark and sweden did n't either and it was fine . 
  as long as they can take the ribbing , go ahead . 
  well , that 's a way from keeping the remnants of an empire together - bribing . 
  it was raining . 
  greatest army ? 
  what use is an army on an island without a navy ? 
  or did you mean military ? 
  a protest candidate who has no political experience and misunderstands how the legal systems work ? 
  hmmm , i wish some country would show us how that works out . 
  makes sense for politicians to keep it in limbo but the us is the closest partner to both sweden and finland after the other in terms of defense . 
  all it would take is two names on a paper and we 'd be in nato . 
  also the finnish and swedish defense is so , let 's say compatible , that it makes no sense for either to join without the other . 
  yeah , you have n't left , but long-term planning has to be done - unfortunately - without the uk . 
  you can fight by accepting urbanization . 
  when the power concentrates to emptying rural areas , this is what happens . 
  yeah , but those people did n't accept her changes at face value just because she won an election . 
  just like no one hated thatcher 's changes after she was re-elected ? 
  language thing . 
  to a native english speaker you implied it even if you did n't mean to . 
  same thing happens to me all the time . 
  in a perfect representational democracy ( which we all are ) a decision like this should not have been on the people in the form of a referendum . 
  it 's politicians chickening out of their responsibility to represent the best interest of their country and rolling the blame on the population that can be manipulated easily . 
  wait , marxists ? 
  why would they be for remain ? 
  it 's not like the eu is exactly a shining beacon of labor laws qnd working class protection . 
  i 'm truly confused . 
  exactly my point - albeit i 'll grant that smart-arse . 
  the movement between the uk and the schengen area is limited due to geography so naturally brits would n't end up using the possibility as much . 
  to be fair , we southern finns are in a somewhat similar situation where the only difference is the ease of access to estonia and sweden ( which would exist otherwise too ) , but having lived around europe , it is mighty useful when moving around . 
  might it be because the uk is n't in the schengen ? 
  also geographical borders and such . 
  haha . 
  i remember the eu vote . 
  we would have joined regardless . 
  they would have kept asking until yes won . 
  yes , those damn warmongering swedes . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ love ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ svenskbros, 
  right you are . 
  even a crumbling superpower is a superpower . 
  how long did rome affect world history after the sacking of rome and the fall of western rome ? 
  quite friggin long . 
  the imperial units are an insult to science , humanity and lets put god in there too . 
  it would be a serious regression to go back to those . 
  i did n't insult your country . 
  relax . 
   at last , you reveal where you are from . 
  it 's right there in my flair . 
  also where i 'm from has nothing to do with this discussion .
