  not once . 
  their strategy to win the european election started off being , we 're in opposition , the conservatives won last time , keep quiet and we 'll win by default . 
  they did n't even send someone to the uk-european election debate ( neither did the conservatives ) . 
  they completely failed to connect with their own electorate over the eu or to address any of their concerns . 
  of course people were feeling detached from the eu . 
   `` eckhart saw hell too . 
  he said : the only thing that burns in hell is the part of you that wo n't let go of life , your memories , your attachments . 
  they burn them all away . 
  but they 're not punishing you , he said . 
  they 're freeing your soul . 
  so the way he sees it , if you 're frightened of dying and ... and you 're holding on , you 'll see devils tearing your life away . 
  but if you 've made your peace , then the devils are really angels , freeing you from the earth . 
  it 's just a matter of how you look at it , that 's all . 
  so do n't worry , okay ? 
  okay ? '', 
  we 're not british devils trying to push you out , think of us more as guardian angels with stiff lips and funny mannerisms trying to show you the way out . 
   ok , first , all the links you posted describe the situation a few months ago the rose link was from before he was offered the job to lead remain . 
  it 's strange how a pay cheque changes one 's point of view , but nothing has changed to when he made the argument in 2015 . 
  the ft link is from three days ago . 
  the full fact link is a fact-checker for a claim david cameron made on the 7th june . 
   you assume that the uk 's economy will continue to grow steadily as it used to do in the past months , ignoring the fact that post-brexit loss of investment and possible stagnation will have significantly worse effect on the job market than foreigners taking over locals ' jobs . 
  no , actually , i do n't . 
  i think there will be a short term hit . 
  a mid-term rebalancing but a positive long term outlook because the eu has been holding the more economically developed states back . 
  certainly when we look at growth outside the eu and inside the eu , it 's those outside that are holding their own markets shares globally or are simply outperforming . 
  it certainly appears to be the healthier area even if there is a transition cost . 
  i 'm also pretty sure there 's another eurozone crisis on its way and the ecb ca n't keep buying debt , so the preparation i see the uk doing now is so it can capitalise from the larger capital flight that 's coming . 
  much like canada did before the 2008 crisis , where they took an early hit but came out of it much stronger . 
   according to the imf , brexit may cause up to 5.5 % decrease in the country 's gdp . 
  and they admitted they 'd used osborne 's figures . 
  only we 'd seen osborne 's figures . 
  we 'd also heard the same stories from the same people surrounding the euro . 
  sorry , we do n't buy into the fear . 
  and whatever comes we 'll just get on with it and sort it . 
  like grown ups . 
  nah , even the leader of the remain campaign , lord rose , called the loss of job figures disingenuous `` scaremongering '' and a `` red herring '' ( distraction ) to the debate . 
  https://corporate.sky.com/media-centre/media-packs/2015/murnaghan-interview-with-lord-levy,-labour-peer-and-lord-rose,-conservative-peer-190415 as the ft article itself says , its results are `` fickle '' and represent a week 's footfall on the previous year ( if you google the headline you can read the full article and not just the tweet ) . 
  now factor in that austerity has been effectively cancelled . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88cd6ee4-42bd-11e6-9b66-0712b3873ae1.html#axzz4dxgsuqkr david cameron himself claimed that in his first term the uk put more people into jobs than the rest of the eu combined , and we 're still going to be creating jobs . 
  it just means that primarily we 're going to make sure the lower skilled ones will be filled with people from the uk first . 
  https://fullfact.org/europe/has-uk-created-more-jobs-rest-eu-combined/ going forward we will be able to fix youth unemployment , whereas one only has to look at the effects across the eu to see that that has become a necessary cost to being a member for some . 
  eventually we 'll make the jobs and stop losing a generation . 
  nobody is suggesting it 'll happen overnight , only that these are the changes needed to make it happen . 
  if one actually looks at the increase in youth unemployment displacement it is largely congruent with the artificial increases in the non-skilled labour market which non-eu countries do n't experience ( unless they want them ) . 
  it 's okay . 
  i 'm happy with the decision , and have every confidence that we 'll be able to make it on the global stage . 
  if you wish to continue being a member then i hope you remain happy too . 
  politically we 'd just become divergent from the project . 
  in the future we may need extra labour to fill those jobs but not in the current climate we do n't . 
  youth unemployment is at 600,000 alone , and i really do n't buy that councils and farms would n't be capable of finding people already in the country , who the uk already has to pay unemployment to , to do these jobs . 
  if the labour market changes then alter the points system accordingly to allow recruitment in those fields , and recruit from anywhere in the world as need be . 
  eu included . 
  changing opinion does n't make anyone a hypocrite , although she has also said it 's taken out of context . 
  mark littlewood , director general of the institute of economic affairs , freely admits that he used to be a full-blown eu federalist , and he ended up being quite adamant that they would have to leave . 
   nobody argues that the eu does n't negotiate deals on a case by case basis ergo cherry-picking is sanctioned , even endorsed . 
   it has never given anyone the deal the uk is asking for with all the benefits of membership and none of the obligations . 
  again . 
  i 'm going to state this as clearly as i can . 
  access not membership . 
  nobody is arguing all the benefits with none of the costs . 
  the benefits of being in the eu and the eurozone is evidently what people in both clearly want to have , if it has popular mandate . 
  along with all its convergent regulation and liberalisation towards a greater single market . 
  those are the benefits as they see it . 
  it is just that there is a difference of opinion what is best . 
  those that consider that is best , and all the rulings it requires , are welcome to it . 
  some people however do n't want what others see as the best bits . 
  they 're simply not interested however best other people consider those best bits . 
  they do n't want part of those other ` best bits ' as others see it . 
  they 're quite happy to walk away from them . 
  they 're even happy to walk away knowing they 'd have to meet their standards if and when some of their companies want to continue trading with them . 
  it 's not about only taking the best bits , as others see them . 
  it 's about having access to some of the good bits as they see them . 
  and in that case there is ample supply of evidence where one does n't have to be a member to have access . 
  if the best bit , for example , is having access to a reciprocal higher education system , then that best bit is most definitely available outside the eu because it already has it with latin america . 
  if the other side considers the best bit having a common fisheries policy , for example , or greater eu market liberalisation when it comes to selling standards f x , y , or z product , then they 're welcome to keep it and do n't have to share it . 
  it is not about membership . 
  and it is not about the best bits as others see it . 
  many of those best bits others are n't interested in . 
  but do n't tell me you have to be in the single market to have access to selling and buying goods from the eu , because if that were the case then the eu would n't be trading with its top 3 trading partners . 
  again , i think you 're misunderstanding the point i was making . 
  the eu most definitely cherry-picks . 
  it happens all the time . 
  not just with states that are full blown members , or part members on this or that , or with states that are n't at all . 
  there 's a whole range of cherry-picking already going on from inside and out , regardless of whether it 's the uk or not . 
  please do n't read this as whether i agree with it or not , or whether there should be more or less , only to read it as the point i was trying to make . 
  dispensation or opt outs occur at every level within the eu and outside for those looking for access . 
  hence `` cherry-picking '' , or `` the eu does n't do a la carte '' has been demonstrably false from the very first moment the single market was signed in 1992 . 
  i can provide another living model : jersey & guernsey ( which are n't actually part of the uk ) are both inside the single market for goods , but outside both the eu and the single market for people , services and capital transfer . 
  not that i 'm advocating a jersey model , only recognising that it does exist and you do n't have to be in something to access it . 
  with an emphasis on access not membership . 
   the eu already allowed special dispensation for london a.k.a. 
  they already allowed cherry picking . 
  but there are many other , non uk , examples also . 
  you 're going to have to , please , start giving me regional context . 
  are you talking about the uk writing its own regulations , or the eu . 
  as a rule however , when trading globally , it 's the removal of excess deregulation superfluous to international law which is restrictive , and there is enough of that which the uk could do without compromising international standards ( and which would actually make the uk more secure ) : \u2022 financial collateral directive \u2022 prospectus directive \u2022 10th company law directive \u2022 payment services directive \u2022 alternative investment fund managers directive \u2022 esma short sale restrictions \u2022 financial transaction tax under enhanced cooperation \u2022 crd iv, 
   access meaning becoming a british colony and letting them run europe 's finances from outside the eu . 
  not at all . 
  it 'd mean the uk moving some forward operating fronts into the eu , sans a bilateral agreement . 
  the city itself would begin liberalising to suit the global market .
