  that 's what they 're about . 
  ( and i 'm pretty sure that 's exactly where the government is going to have to head and where the emerging parties will push it ) . 
  the point i was trying to make is in these leave heartlands , and with the most adamant leavers in the likes of ukip , the actual motivator is about drawing power out of big government ( and they increasingly see the eu as being at the top of that tree ) . 
  that 's simply not an authoritarian position . 
   i also dislike centralism , but i want stability , peace and too collaborate as much as possible with my neighbors , who share many things with me . 
  i can respect all that , and agree with it too . 
  i just do n't agree with the methodology . 
  i do n't see the eu bringing stability . 
  i think it 's done the opposite . 
  i 'm pretty sure we all want peace and cooperation and trade , but other parts of the world seem to be able to do that without political union . 
   your perspective gives me the same opinion that i had before . 
  british problems are n't about eu , wo n't be solve by leaving eu and you 're just pointing at a wrong target . 
  respectfully i think we 've lost the point of the conversation . 
  i was explaining , or expanding on , how leavers do n't see themselves as authoritarian and how it 's not in their makeup . 
  not specifically the gains of being out of the eu . 
  how can removing yourself from an entire level of government not be about reducing the amount of government above you ? 
  about bringing the decisions home . 
  if you want examples of why someone from the uk wants to leave the eu , for actual targets on the eu : https://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4sbcc2/david_cameron_says_uk_to_have_new_prime_minister/d58wedk, 
   the point is that this article is trying to do a overview of the brexit referendum . 
  you can simply be and outlier . 
  that 's the thing , i 've had this conversation before with other leavers , kippers , and the like . 
  i am an outlier to them , and if we draw an ellipses i 'm on the bottom left corner according to the test , but from my experience we 're nearly always in the two lower quadrants of the chart , with maybe just one or two people just popping into the + ve authoritarian side , but not far . 
  in fact one of the overriding issues leavers have , to expand on your last question , is they ( we ) do n't like being told what to do by government that is considered too big and too far away . 
  i do n't blame people for getting the wrong impression , and certainly not if they 're only reading the news as it comes out of the uk , but if you look at the ukip manifesto as indicative of the more ardent leaver , there was a main theme going through it ; localism , smaller central government , electoral reform for proportional representation , citizen initiatives both local and national ( ability for the electorate to trigger a referendum , or a watered down version of direct democracy ) . 
  they were the only main westminster party to have a chapter on small businesses in their manifesto . 
  reducing regulation . 
  shrinking the size of the civil service . 
  it was all pretty much about empowering local communities and giving people more choice in their personal lives and limiting government . 
  not just stepping out of brussels and strasbourg , but actually devolving more power down from westminster . 
  the perception being among leavers was power in the eu all tended to head away from the uk and upwards ; more and bigger government , a more centralised government more politically integrated . 
  people do n't have to agree with it , but the guy who wants to have less authority over him and people around him and more power in the hands of individuals and their local communities is n't authoritarian . 
  he 's trying to escape it . 
  it would n't be the first time i 've woken up to a big marge of error , but that 's another story . 
  i take your point because it was neither a victory or a loss for either the left or the right . 
  in fact some of the far left unions and political figures campaigned to leave alongside those on right of the spectrum . 
  just as it is with european sceptics in the parliament . 
  membership of the eu really is n't a left right issue . 
  but for me it very much is an authoritarian/libertarian issue . 
  and where the analysis projects me as being a +8 i 'm actually a -7.18 . 
  that 's 15 points out in a maximum possible range of 20 . 
  ----------- ^ ^ ` margin ' . 
  ^ ^ marge ^ ^ is ^ ^ a ^ ^ girl 's ^ ^ name ^ ^ , 
  go on let 's do this thing again . 
  i 'm assuming you voted to leave as did i. 
  do the test , post the scores , and let 's see if it has us accurately placed . 
  economic left/right : -4.5 social libertarian/authoritarian : -7.18 http://imgur.com/lfr8vtp not only is the test hokum , how it prescribes people of certain mindsets thinking and answering its own questions is itself spurious . 
  shame really because if executed properly the political compass model could or should be quite good . 
  we voted to allow france and germany to break the eu 's own rules without receiving fines , precisely because they were on the hook for holding up the rest of the eurozone - where 's the decency in that ? 
  spain 's been bailed out by the ecb going against lisbon 's own rules under article 125 because it was in crisis . 
  the uk never signed the european fiscal compact , and so effectively secured its own opt out ( or never opt in ) . 
  but all these are examples of the eu breaking its own rules for existing - but that does n't apply to ascension states , which scotland would be . 
  so in a scottish referendum debate then you can bet your mortgage that the uk-remain argument will absolutely highlight that an independent scotland would be signing up to , and committing itself to , a whopping 14 % reduction in public spending or tax hikes !, 
  all this in addition that they would no longer be controlling their own interest rate in gbp denominated debt which they 'd be holding . 
  like i said , it 's a conversation killer because it runs contrary to everything the scottish independence groups have been arguing for scotland : lower taxes & no austerity . 
  let alone the ruk has now said that it will be suspending its 2020 austerity target . 
  not really . 
  we did n't have fixed term parliaments then and it was the prerogative of the sitting pm . 
  that and gordon brown did n't have a popular mandate via a plebiscite result to carry out a specific task , as t.may has been given . 
  what she did say at the time was that it was his choice . 
  finally it 's also a case of careful what you wish for as a lot of the instability was around the uk having multiple ongoing leadership issues . 
  a general election now will reintroduce that . 
  it 's also got to be said that what with the civil war that is going on within the labour party at the moment and a sentiment that may must be held to her leadership pledges that labour would struggle to mount a coherent platform , weakening the opposition 's position , and more likely than not opening the door domestically to ukip . 
  a foothold labour may never get back and permanently splitting the party . 
  the five presidents proposal wo n't have an effect on anything , you say ? 
  lol . 
  okay , let 's leave it there and we 'll just see how it plays out . 
  after all i wo n't be invested anymore . 
  best of luck . 
  hope it works out for you ( genuinely ) . 
  no , this is an obligation , signed up for by anybody that joined the eu after 1999 , from the first link , they just do n't have the tools yet to carry through on it , which is why i included the second link . 
  you should however be able to keep kicking the can down the road , so to speak ( and good luck because i certainly do n't blame anybody for wanting to kick it ) , at least until federal and fiscal powers start to be introduced . 
  and the recently published 5 presidents report has a timeline on that of completion by 2025 . 
  it is what it is , but there 's only denmark now the uk has voted to leave with the opt out . 
   that 's mostly been because of the collapse of oil in the last year or so , and if one of my sectors was humbug sweets and the arse fell out of the humbug sweet business it would be the same issue . 
  you do n't get to sweep it away by saying ah , that 's because x is doing crap . 
  you still have the deficit to contend with . 
   and the actual debt remains very manageable as a percent of gdp irrelevant , because it is a spending cap on deficit spending of 3 % on gdp that will mean a 14 % reduction in public spending or some pretty steep tax increases - regardless of the debt . 
  a debt incidentally that would now be denominated in gbp but with a scottish currency only pegged to pound , so no longer adjusting for interest and inflation considering scottish needs . 
  but it is the deficit to gdp , and the commitment to bring it to 3 % , that would make for a very uneasy conversation . 
  read the current proposals on convergence because they are talking of closing down the non-ez to those countries that do n't have the opt out . 
  the clock 's already ticking . 
  and i 'm sure scotland would be able if it wanted to cut its pubic spending by 14 % , or find the equivalent over time with new fiscal powers , but that is not a sexy message for an independence party that has been voting to end austerity and promising companies lower taxes ... 
  you are obligated , they just do n't have the mechanisms to force you to meet the compact 's terms ... yet . 
  all new members since 1999 and the euro 's launch are committed to join . 
  it was in the maastricht treaty . 
  sorry :( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_the_eurozone http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/10935617/after-2020-all-eu-members-will-have-to-adopt-the-euro.html, 
   scotland wouldnt be run exactly how it is now as part of the uk ; of course not . 
   also they dont actually have control over their budget they have quite a bit of control , but that aside it would mean a 14 % cut in public spending , on what they receive now , or to find a way to bridge that gap . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible . 
  i 'm saying it would take the scots to voluntarily to opt for austerity three times that which george osborne has inflicted - or joining much later . 
  put it in that context and i just ca n't see them rejoining anytime soon . 
  would they be required to commit to the euro ? 
  and the fiscal compact with 3 % deficit spending ? 
  because scotland has a 10 % deficit . 
  that 's the conversation killer . 
  but she does like cooking , and lives in a gingerbread house ... 
  i made that last one up . 
  lol , eckhart says something along the lines of explaining that when you say things like `` no brit '' . 
  we 're here to help you out of the eu , not europe , you numpty . 
  it was n't quite sealed , but it was in a bad way as soon as labour in the 2014 european election , who were the favourites to win at the time , ran this as one of their official party election broadcasts on terrestrial television : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iih-2lzf2yw it does n't mention the eu or europe , or the european elections , or the european parliament , or even ukip who would go on to win the european election , once .
