their own idiosyncrasies are considerably far more free market liberal , even within the confines of the eu . 
  talk to someone in say , finances in frankfurt , and why they think london has dominated financial markets . 
  they would n't suddenly see the light . 
  they 'd have the option of stepping further into the light that they 've been tugging on the manacles to get to . 
  the whole argument placed by german heads that the uk is needed because it provides a counter balance to certain eu narratives ? 
  this is literally it . 
  i and others already have been elsewhere in the thread . 
  so you think left up to ourselves we 'd come up with a cap that is designed to help much smaller farms , as per the continent , to the detriment of uk sized farms , and come up with pages and pages of bureaucracy for the farmers , because in the past the uk has gold plated other directives . 
  what a load of tosh . 
  it 's lacking a little understanding , from an introductory perspective , and it leads to bit of misdirection . 
  not so much . 
  it gives so many false conjectures that 'd have to be un-argued , it 'd probably be better starting anew with a better understanding , or people approaching it afresh from outside the uk/eu taking a broader perspective first . 
  well i 'm kinda begrudging to bother coming back 9hrs later to find it 's effectively buried , but , it was n't a case of the uk effectively doing nothing . 
  a pm who felt he did n't have the support of the public anymore resigned ( honourably in my opinion ) which triggered a leadership election in his own party . 
  of course that meant nothing could go ahead but that did n't mean people were left doing nothing . 
  they were selecting the leader that would carry out the country 's wishes - per plebiscite . 
  it then says `` presumably '' the uk needs to now pass a brexit law . 
  which is wrong on two points . 
  first , it needs to only repeal the 1972 european communities act , or , invoke article 50 which enacts a one way countdown . 
  there has been a constitutional question about whether a government can do that without going to parliament , but the argument depends on a legal appeal being placed otherwise they can . 
  and an appeal being passed , which the government does n't have to wait for , and which they 've received their own legal counsel that they can do . 
  we 're so far only 1 min into the video . 
  the next point is that the uk wants to put aside what the eu deal will look like before they want to implement , which also is n't the case . 
  the brexit secretary has said they want to invoke the process so it 's concluded by december 2018 , which means they are going to invoke article 50 to then discuss what the deal will be . 
  they only want to wait to allow them establish their own arguing points . 
  not until the uk actually leaves , as the video states around 1m15s which is completely false . 
  and it 's not about giving an advantage to either side , which is also aboundly false . 
  that takes me to 1m30s into the video and then it hits with ` speculation ' . 
  do i really need to continue with that ? 
  the whole narrative that people did n't want to take the job is foolhardy . 
  they were actually stabbing themselves to get to the job , but the idea that someone from ukip would ever be in the running ? 
  never . 
  not happening . 
  the actual question around ukip in the uk was not what they 'd do in the negotiation , but whether they 'd even continue . 
  the resignation there was precisely so a pro-exit person could reform the party and take it to the next level . 
  not the idea of running away . 
  the leader of which did n't resign from the one position of power he had which was the presidency of an eu party bloc . 
  he retains that position . 
  and then it just gets worse from there because it 's as the video says , but really , really bad guesswork with little understanding . 
  even before the video gets to its somewhat one sided guesswork , the explanation that comes before that is considerably ` wanting ' . 
  i realise simplification is going to come with any 7 minute video , but there 's actually things included which take up video time but which create false narratives . 
  things that would have been better omitted altogether rather than to skirt over them briefly to the effect of creating completely false perceptions . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/societas_cooperativa_europaea there is cooperative law in the eu . 
  not only is there cooperative law , cooperatives in one country can operate in another . 
  you can certainly have them . 
  nobody is doubting that . 
  we have cooperatives in the uk too . 
  the commission even did a study into assisting cooperatives . 
  you also have cooperative regulation , and that 's part of the reason why french dairy farmers are known to dump their milk in the streets , and why uk supermarkets are in danger of putting uk dairies out of business . 
  it 's just that the uk could empower them a lot more outside the eu and make them more effectual . 
  so take a good idea , and make it better . 
   leadsom having to explain to farmers how eu funding will be replaced was a stroke of genius . 
  only if the treasury does n't give her a budget . 
  if the treasury give her a budget and net cap receipts , she can make it a lot simpler for them , less bureaucratic , and still receive tailored subsidies . 
  it 's worth mentioning that even ukip did n't want to scrap farmer subsidies but to replace them with a uk version , more in tune with the needs of uk farms . 
  if memory serves they also want to help uk farms form co-operatives once outside eu competition law . 
  i guess it 's a case of wait and see , however . 
  it lacks nuance and understanding . 
  it 's more a study that someone might attempt when trying to come to terms with understanding something , not what somebody would make because they understand something and want to explain it to someone else . 
  it 's on a journey , but it 's not there yet . 
  i 'm aware , maybe we can hi-five each other as we pass them on the way out . 
  still they 're not part of the eu but they are currently in europe . 
  do n't forget albania , macedonia , serbia , bosnia & herzegovina , ... 
  boris johnson is n't managing the brexit . 
  david davis is . 
  well , at least we know you 're open to any liberal interpretation of data . 
  i did n't say the likes of the edl or bnp , distinct minorities but very authoritarian , did n't also support leave . 
  they did . 
  just as people on both extremes of the other axis also voted leave . 
  that 's going to skew your data points all over the place - but that 's not going to worry somebody at the fabian society . 
  your second point of social-liberalism , feminism , and the internet , are all equally abstract . 
  i 'm not opposed to social-liberalism ( i consider myself a social libertarian ) , gender equality , and the internet . 
  but i oppose the eu 's take on it on all three !, 
  positive-discrimination is still discrimination . 
  the only good discrimination is merit of the individual . 
  anything that proceeds the word discrimination if it 's not the word ` anti ' or ` non ' , is pretty much still discrimination . 
  and let 's be absolutely crystal clear on this , the eu discriminates negatively a lot . 
  i mean , it 's protectionist for a start so it 's in its dna , and it favours things like small single hold farms over larger single hold farms , but then corporate farming with multiple holds , over individual and co-operative farming . 
  but for a soc-lib example they want to introduce female quotas into the work place . 
  that would actually be very , very counterproductive and quite a few women in industry who sit on boards have stressed concern that it would undermine them . 
  maybe put forward with the best of intentions . 
  terrible idea . 
  it would actually fuel prejudice . 
  as for the internet . 
  keep the commission out of it please . 
  from throttling to reports of reintroducing elements of acta through ceta after having been voted down , to the google memory-holes they forced on them with take down notices and the `` right to be forgotten '' . 
  that 's not just authoritarian . 
  that 's straight out of orwell 's nineteen eighty-four !, 
   but fail to mention that the conservative party used to be the uk affiliate until cameron took them out . 
  i did n't fail to mention it . 
  i did n't mention it because it was n't relevant . 
  they left the epp way in advance of the 2014 european election and they did so because they could n't reconcile themselves with sitting with pro-eu federalists , which wanted bigger government , more powers , more money , and even fiscal controls . 
  it still stands that the epp were n't represented in the uk in the 2014 european elections , it 's still an example of the two forms of government being democratically divergent . 
  it just also happens the reason why they were n't running with a representative or affiliated party in the uk was precisely because they were pushing at all costs to introduce something that meant they 'd have more authority over people !!!, 
  so out of that big list , thanks for bringing that particular point up , i guess . 
  ------------- * but no , stat manipulation and voter intent , whatever , it makes no difference that the act of actually removing an entire god level tier of government and passing the powers down is a lot less authoritarian than taking powers from the bottom or constituent members and stacking it at the top . 
  * and when we leave the eu does that mean the uk is going to reintroduce the death penalty or corporal punishment ?? 
  lol - no , of course not . 
   the point is that i do n't think you will get that . 
  but that 's where they stand .
