  they seem to be where pvda was before the 80s . 
  why would you count children and retirees in employment statistics anyway ? 
  convicted but no penalty . 
  i think if you set the limit to enter parliament at something like 4-5 % , that 's pretty solid as long as you have proportional representation . 
  encourages multiple parties , but not every splinter party gets in . 
  does that sudden sharp spike for the pvv have to do with wilders ' `` trial '' ? 
  be glad you have that many choices to begin with . 
  actually , most of those parties have multiple seats . 
  vvd , pvda , sp , cda , pvv , d66 , cu , gl , sgp , pvdd , and 50plus all have elected members, 
  steps to not being a russian stooge : do n't take money from russia then start singing their praises . 
  come now , they were just poll watchers . 
  heavily armed poll watchers . 
  [ kinda , although it 's not the apocalyptic scenario some on here predict ] ( https://muslimstatistics.files.wordpress.com/2014/02/fertility-mdii-graphics-webready-90-w610.png ), 
  \\  macron \\  leftist pick 1, 
  macron is n't left though . 
  merkel is not left-wing , her party is the standard christian democratic mold . 
  just because she does n't want to kick every refugee out does n't make her a radical socialist . 
  why did n't you invest in eastern poland, 
  republicans fall in line , tillerson will get voted through easily . 
  `` oh shit , i 'm a brown dude ( with a non-terror related criminal background ) in the vicinity of a terror attack , this is not going to go well for me '', 
  has erdogan already purged the police after the `` coup '' attempt , or just army & jurors ? 
  would n't it take covering nearly all of the sahara in solar panels to power europe ? 
  ( assuming all other energy sources were ceased ) . 
   can french guyana vote in french elections ? 
  yes , it 's no different than hawaii is to the us . 
  in the unlikely event le pen does n't even make it to the 2nd round , would macron have a shot against fillon ? 
  you mean `` two bombs was n't enough '' is n't the appropriate response when the check engine light comes on in your honda ? 
  hong kong really nails the cyberpunk `` high tech , low life '' aesthetic, 
  meh , no love lost for dead ustashi, 
  so glad we 're going to be buddy buddy with putin now . 
  missing apostrophes is grammar , not spelling . 
  i think it 's crazy that party for the animals might get up to 5 seats , that 's pretty impressive for an animal rights testimonial party . 
  socialist party , green left , party for the animals , 50 + ( pensioners party ) , d66 ( liberals , kinda like us democrats ) , cda ( standard christian democrat cente-right ) , and the two small christian parties . 
  that 's not really comparable , taiwan and china are claiming the exact same parts of land , one to one . 
  kosovo is n't claiming the rest of serbia as its own . 
  also `` the man who broke the bank of england '', 
   liberals ( the left aka their opposition ) so psd are n't the left despite being social democrats ? 
  who is then , unpr ? 
   i feel like there 's a faint anti-semitic tinge to them . 
  faint ? 
  it 's always ( ( ( soros ) ) ) on those places . 
  paging ozymandias, 
  even though hofer lost the presidential election , his party is polling extremely well for the next parliamentary elections in a few years . 
  nice . 
  the hungarian socialist party pm was a giant fuck-up and basically admitted to lying about promises made , caught on tape . 
  that threw them out of power and shattered their trust . 
  no excuse for jobbik though . 
   liberal communist these words do not go together . 
  ah jill stein , noted revolutionary socialist . 
  is being a green `` far left '' now ? 
   the fp\u00d6 was founded in 1956 as the successor to the short-lived federation of independents ( vdu ) , representing the `` third camp '' of austrian politics , i. e. pan-germanists and national liberals opposed to both socialism and catholic clericalism . 
  the party 's first leader was anton reinthaller , a former nazi functionary and ss officer . 
  what 's that rule , if the headline is a question the answer is no ? 
  well for denmark and norway , both of their social democratic parties are polling well ahead of the next elections ( yadayada polls ca n't be trusted now , trends still show in polling ), 
  are minority governments not an option in iceland ? 
  also all the guns make it seem cramped . 
  putin is the archetype of a right-wing strongman leader . 
  i 'm aware of the two round system . 
  i still think fillion is likely to pull `` swing '' le pen voters in the 2nd round . 
   fillon has a worst chance than jupp\u00e9 would of beating le pen as fillon is more conservative socially does n't that make otherwise possible le pen voters more likely to vote for him instead though ? 
  portugal & sweden maybe ? 
  i do n't know enough about either though, 
   i can only think of italy and france , and there 's a 0 % chance of hollande winning reelection . 
  considering hollande 's economic policies , i would n't peg him as `` left-wing '' despite the name of the party he belongs to . 
  and renzi seems himself as a clinton / blair third-way type . 
  is this the case like sweden where a strong union base makes the need for a government mandated wage unnecessary ? 
  her opposition is mostly garbage , the most realistic chance of removing her from government is a left coalition of the spd + die grunen + die linke , which probably wo n't happen since national spd does n't want to form a coalition with linke because of the stigma they have . 
   popular vote means the most populated states get to dictate everything . 
  so the majority of the population gets to decide what happens ? 
  sounds horrible . 
  also it 's not that much different , right now our presidential candidates cater to a small group of states already , the swing states . 
  a lot of left-voters signed the fee to vote in their primary to give a `` fuck-you '' to sarkozy . 
  they might do the same to fillon now . 
  he was re-elected as the mayor of the city he used to be mayor of ( bordeux ) and was given multiple government ministry positions during the sarkozy administration . 
  mensheviks ( and all social democrats ) killed rosa luxembourg tho, 
  quite literally the opposite http://www.gallup.com/poll/183434/americans-choose-pro-choice-first-time-seven-years.aspx, 
  they are eating out of the * sniff * trash can , the trash can of ideology . 
  the dutch election is going to be really interesting , 50 + gaining up to 10 seats , party for the animals gaining up to 5 seats , labour falling under sp , greenleft , and d66 even if pvv does really well , most parties in parliament are either pro-eu or only soft euroskeptic, 
  what makes you think fillion will beat juppe ? 
  says sarkozy himself , who just conceded . 
  jesus christ , poland, 
  why did n't i invest in eastern poland ? 
   a left coalition is currently polling a few points away from a majority is this possible yet on the national stage ? 
  i know it 's happened in berlin and a few other states , but has the stigma of forming a coalition with die linke finally dissipated ? 
  that that is is that that is not is not is that it it is buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo, 
  trump is whatever the last person to flatter him was . 
  at least they are n't as bad as the irish bookie that paid out hrc winning bets a week before the election, 
   even have former communists as prominent members . 
  is n't this the case for a lot of politicians age 40 + in poland ( and pretty much every other warsaw pact state ) . 
  if you wanted to be involved in politics , or even move up in society in general , you had to join the communist party . 
  regardless if you actually were one or not . 
   first of all - both candidates are ex-members of the bulgarian communist party ( dictatorship party during the communist years . ), 
  is n't this the case for the majority of politicians in eastern europe ? 
  if you wanted to be involved in politics , you joined the communist party . 
  they just got proxy armies to fight their wars for them . 
  or it helps people at least laugh at the thing ruining their life . 
  i 'm not op but you 're kidding yourself if the average suicidal person has n't been linked to generic depression resources 100 times , either through their own searching or by other people . 
   do n't be embarrassed to ask someone for help - no one will judge you for your illness . 
  this is absolutely not true , a lot of people do look at you differently when you mention severe depression . 
  people who suffer mental illness still suffer from the stigma around it , `` it 's all in your head '' `` it 's not real '' etc.
