  yep !, 
  close , it is french, 
  everyone got very upset , a man ran to germany . 
  well , die linke support same-sex marriage . 
  syriza was a real left-wing party until the agreement . 
  what 's left wing about free trade zones , austerity , and privatization ? 
  the only people complaining the eu is `` left wing '' are people complaining about immigration or other social issues , which are not de facto left wing because left and right are economic issues . 
  this is exactly what merkel and co. want , greece could promise them the world and they would say it was not enough . 
  germany wants greece out . 
  jesus christ denmark i thought only us and sometimes the other anglo countries did this . 
  really , even more left than roemer or anyone in the socialist party ? 
  i believe ` bright future ' is their spiritual successor in the national parliament but i could be wrong . 
  i 'm not from denmark obviously but basically everything i 've read about their most recent government was that it betrayed any left wing economic principles in exchange for the support of the social liberal party . 
   if you read their vision of a `` democratic economy '' it 's quite evident that they are much closer to communism than socialism , sooo , real socialists ? 
  considering the end goal of socialism is communism . 
  cyprus is n't either , japan is the next logical step . 
  jimmy carr ? 
  i think the rude stereotype is mostly about parisians . 
  it 's not ck2 unless she 's also his lover and he has a 187 % plot to kill her . 
  if you outlaw self-defense acid , only outlaws will have self-defense acid !, 
  oh fuck off , it 's set in a fantasy equivalent of medieval europe . 
  it 's been swinging right since the 1980s . 
  is n't it in the platform of syriza ? 
  good . 
  it 's technically possible with any population that is as obscenely rich as andora 's . 
  i 'm sure the upper east side of manhattan has a similar life expectancy . 
   social democracy is also socialism , nope . 
  it 's capitalism-lite . 
  social democrats favor the welfare state and collective bargaining , but still within the means of capitalism . 
  well it 's not directly about anarchist catalonia , more about the ideology surrounding it . 
  but yes , the territory that franco destroyed with the help of italy and germany . 
  * anarcho-syndicalism : theory and practice . 
  an introduction to a subject which the spanish war has brought into overwhelming prominence * is a nice short book . 
  i 'm sure it 's online somewhere . 
  hell in a cell, 
  so labour will not form with snp lib dems will lose too much for tories to continue coalition ukip and greens wo n't gain enough to be kingmakers and labour / tory is outside possibility all i see happening is 2nd election happening this year , if possible . 
  it 's an online poll so of course it 's bullshit . 
  the half your age plus seven rule . 
   democrats  lefties https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5e7fejhw0, 
  [ reminds me of old smoking ads ] ( http://img2.timeinc.net/health/images/slides/moredoxsmokeluckies-notext-400x400.jpg ), 
  so , what does the centre party actually believe in ? 
  i read about these `` agrarian '' parties in scandanavia and i have no idea what that means in the 21st century . 
  luthumania xvii only on pay-per-view, 
  asian russia will secede from european russia ? 
  really because engels seemed to disagree  the society which organizes production anew on the basis of free and equal association of the producers will put the whole state machinery where it will then belong -- into the museum of antiquities , next to the spinning wheel and the bronze ax . 
  really ? 
  the whole abolition of the state thing both have in common ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarchist_communism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syndicalism, 
  well , good thing those outfits look more menacing than the kkk ones , in a good/cool way . 
  good thing the kkk chose white instead of red . 
  ah , remember all the eurabia videos claiming this was going to happen by 2030 ? 
  maybe they should reconsider being nations . 
  also 138 out of 141 but i mixed up lithuania and latvia . 
  i never remember which one is which . 
  wonder if estonia 's drug death rate is tied to its suicide rate . 
  i read about space a lot and i honestly do n't remember this guy 's name despite being sure i 've read about the first spacewalks , sorry alexei . 
  everyone remembers yuri though . 
  i only use proper punctuation and capitalization when in an argument otherwise it 's all lower case casual ez breezy beautiful covergirl, 
  should just call you `` the czech '' like the borg or the geth . 
  it 's almost like it 's part of the ideology . 
  maybe they 'll move the capital to vichy . 
  we really out here fam, 
  i 'm assuming they meant conservative socially not economically , because of the orthodox church . 
  syriza did n't run on a campaign of legalizing gay marriage ( although they 'd vote for it ) , they ran on against the tide of austerity . 
  most greek voters could n't care less about syriza 's position on gay marriage when they 've got 25 % unemployment , that 's what they 're voting about and why syriza polls so high now . 
  some cities have bigger populations than countries . 
  there , sorted . 
  did someone say weeaboo ? 
  i think i heard someone say weeaboo . 
  you should tell that to them , i ca n't believe they 'd not study it in depth and miss such an oversight . 
  they 're just preparing for the new official language of germany . 
  tayyip is a * waste * . 
  because it was 0.1 % 25 years ago , and it will be 10 % 25 years from now . 
  expect it from any politician . 
  copy link address + paste into url bar . 
  it 's a struggle to call the spd left anymore if you support left wing economics in germany you 're stuck with die linke ( or maybe die grunen depending where you are ) , the afd do n't seem as accommodating to the welfare state as the `` populist '' parties sprouting up in other countries, 
   in polish you could describe a black guy `` negr '' and although a little bit archaic , it would n't be considered offensive . 
  how many black people are in poland , i wonder ? 
  wow , not actually far off :  serbs , croats , bulgarians ( 1,112 , including 404 polish citizens ) , romanians , georgians , africans , palestinians ( 229 including 146 polish citizens ) , other arabs , kurds , scandinavians , chechens and vietnamese , who constitute small ethnic communities within major cities such as warsaw , krak\u00f3w , and gda\u0144sk . 
  and various ethnic groups from the whole world like zulus ( 92 , including 52 polish citizens ) , kurds ( 91 including 62 polish citizens ) , african-americans ( 80 , including 37 polish citizens ) , flemings ( 23 , including 10 polish citizens ) etc. 
  fico is love , fico is life, 
  are you sure judicial abortion is n't another scandanavian death metal band, 
  the cpusa are n't even communists, 
  yeah and it 's not the falklands it 's las malvinas right ? 
  just add robots into the working population , like japan, 
  where is the polling for it ? 
   now we 've run out of actual inequality , i dunno gini coefficient figures would like to disagree, 
  i did n't mean in the way `` do n't insult them ever '' but in the way of `` it 's fine when we do it cause she 's one of us '' . 
  does this seriously fucking matter ? 
  like i know it will be used against him , but does the average brit give a shit about the royalty and the queen ( except when a foreigner insults her ) ? 
  it 's crazy that , if this refugee thing did n't happen , she was looking like she was going to be up there with kohl and adenauer in terms of length as chancellor . 
  she still might . 
  where are most ideologically ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/graphcroatia2016summ.gif should be neat . 
  what happened to orah ( green ) to make them rise and collapse so fast ? 
  even though greens and the left showed better results in this vote ? 
  real question is can they hold the lead for the next 2 years been following elections for years and it 's amazing how quickly parties can rise and fall, 
  how long can a government last when every other party in parliament ( forming a majority combined ) is opposed to their policies ? 
   one of their stances is they want to make people in to lampshades . 
  from wisconsin i understand the true pride of geinist philosophy .
