   bureaucratic is there a european government that is n't ? 
   corrupt let 's see some eu corruption cases . 
   unaccountable again , you can elect meps , you can elect heads of state , you can have referendums like the uk is now ...  super-national are you implying this is negative ? 
  spreading the wealth , criticizing over-indulgence , care for the poor have always been catholic ethos , francis is n't new in this aspect , he 's just more vocal about it . 
  [ still does n't beat cappuccino ] ( https://media.timeout.com/images/101665815/617/347/image.jpg ), 
  [ big shifts , sunny days ahead my friend ] ( http://i.imgur.com/986ni3g.png ), 
  the esa likes to cancel projects more than nasa , so not raising my hopes, 
   big business and the far-left . 
  unlikely bedfellows, 
   it 's always nice to see far-right parties rise . 
  and yet the us is the one that gets shitamericanssay when i can stroll over here and read comments like these, 
  i now know how to say `` what the fuck did you just say to me , you little bitch ? '', 
  in czech or how it looks spelled out . 
  i have no clue how to pronounce half that . 
  a 40oz of olde english really affects your memory, 
  he 's the leader of a political party so i think the rules for comedy are different for him now . 
  australia , so hot right now , australia, 
  it 's only offensive to me because foreveralone.jpeg, 
   he wants to start a new republic i mean , you guys do average a new one every 45 years . 
  like , consistently ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2012 i see one instance of him hitting 17 % in a poll , granted this probably does n't include every poll . 
  if melenchon at least gets 3rd place ahead of fillon , that 'd be crazy . 
  an embarrassment for both ps and lr . 
  really good debate performances . 
  ideologically he 's slightly further to the left than hamon , but he does n't have the ps next to his name like hamon does , so most people on the left are going for him , and most of the `` third way '' sp supporters are going for macron . 
  robespierre_smiling . jpeg, 
  i hope melenchon at least overtakes fillon . 
  r2g would n't be any further left than what the spd was in the 1970s . 
  he certainly would fit right in the us democratic party . 
   melenchon and macron 2nd round would be interesting . 
  stop , i can only get so erect . 
  i like how you can see the cities like london and manchester because you stop seeing the individual ridges of the map markers and it just becomes a solid blob of red . 
   left wing purists end up taking over mainstream left wing parties in response to the rise of far right populism , resulting in those parties becoming unappealing to the general public and therefore actually helping populism . 
  or those left-wing parties move so far to the right that their traditional base gives up on them . 
  like pvda . 
  why vote for a labor / socialist party that 's really full of centrists , if there 's actual centrist parties to vote for , and actual socialist parties to vote for ? 
  definitely , as someone who 's not afraid to spring money for clothing , `` made in italy '' , `` made in france '' , and `` made in japan '' are my top 3 . 
  ok , what about the leaders of a just russia ? 
  i know the ldpr are ur clones as well . 
  just saying , navalny 's party seems to have 0 influence for him to be called the opposition leader . 
  is `` opposition leader '' really the title for him , considering the communist party is the largest party opposed to ur in the duma ? 
  edit : ok , communists are controlled op . 
  what about a just russia ? 
  skyscraper booms happen during economic upturn , it 's only logical they end when economic downturn happens . 
  most leftists i know ( i know , anecdote ) support the ypg in syria . 
   establish a brand flags are essential a countries ' logo , helping to establish their brand . 
  hey , chances are you work for a company that would n't sell shit compared to its competitors if it was n't for the * marketing bullshit * they did . 
  it 's a reasonable comparison , although mandela likely has a higher body count on him . 
  not to say i dislike mandela , sometimes ends justify the means and all that , in case of a system like apartheid . 
   almost everything you learn in primary and secondary school will have no bearing on your life . 
  university is where you are trained for your career . 
  the entire basis of what you learn in university is taught in primary and secondary school . 
  try learning calculus or discrete math without learning algebra first , or creative writing without learning the basic grammar of your language ( s ) first . 
  strange to see france lower than the uk . 
   how come germany and germans always seem so leftwing to me that is interesting , how come they seem so left-wing to you ? 
  because they 've had a centre-right party in power for the past decade . 
  because the wealth is spread across multiple family members , instead of one person . 
  so you have a dozen multi-millionaires , i think jeffrey j. rothschild is the richest rothschild ( he 's worth like 1.2 billion usd ) and that 's because of his work at facebook . 
  are n't the largest two parties in the new caledonia legislature anti-separatist ? 
   logically inconsistent yeah , i think that 's what op meant . 
  he 's being so centrist it 's cognitive dissonance . 
  he is being so centrist he is espousing both left and right positions within the same sentence . 
  everyone seems to say melenchon was the best debater in the last elections , so not really surprising . 
  i 'm glad i can recognize this in any language . 
  why is sweden a darker shade than estonia , france , and the netherlands , despite having a lower % ? 
  [ japan actually has a lower homicide rate per capita than iceland ( japan had a little over 300 , iceland had 1 ) . 
  ] ( http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/55831cda69bedde87600549e-1200-2534/oecd-homicide-rates.png ), 
  afd is less likely to gain power than geert was in the netherlands . 
  i enjoy playing devil 's advocate ? 
  i do n't know , why does this offend your moral sensibilities , / u/jewcunt ? 
  why would you define the left wing as the sole pursuit for social freedom when there have been many `` left-wing '' governments that support left wing economic policies but are very authoritarian on social matters ? 
  there 's an authoritarian left , an authoritarian right , a libertarian left , a libertarian right . 
  sorry i did n't know that the subject changed from `` the eta '' to `` all basques '', 
  depends who you talk to . 
  samuel huntington says latin america is its own thing , and arnold toynbee argues it is part of the west . 
  latin america 's history of dabbling in marxism-leninism under castro and other more short lived leaders like allende and the recent `` pink tide '' leaders like morales , correa , and chavez who are opposed to the washington consensus make it possible to distinguish latin america as its own thing . 
   i think it 's the same as with brexit and wilders ... this is probably the peak eurosceptism will ever be ; at least in the foreseeable future . 
  let 's wait until after the german elections this year , and the austrian and swedish ones next year . 
  but they 're still part of spain , and the spanish king is still their head of state , and so on . 
   i define pure right wing as the sole pursuit for economic freedom , and pure left wing as the sole pursuit for social freedom . 
  well then you need to expand your definitions . 
  i mean , sp + gl + pvvd have more seats than pvv + fvd if you 're talking about influence among like-minded parties . 
   protectionism limits economic freedom because it is against free trade , thus it is a left wing position . 
  that 's ... absolutely not true . 
  it 's not a if then / else statement . 
  protectionism is neither inherently left nor right , it absolutely depends on the context it 's being done . 
  protectionism used to be a traditional position among `` classical conservatives '' ( now called paleoconservatives ) . 
  a traditionalist conservative ( or recently , populist alt-right ) can support protectionism under the guise of nationalistic rhetoric in order to make the nation more powerful . 
  what trendline are you seeing ? 
  because i see a flat fucking line for the 2nd round . 
  and the trendline for the first round is macron * gaining * on le pen . 
  i 'd bet on vvd / cda / d66 / cu . 
  gives them exactly 76 . 
  unless pvda feels like committing suicide again . 
  yeah and the person you 're talking to 's entire point is all those gains made by other left parties combined , still does not make up for the pvda losses . 
  * pvda - 29 * sp - 1 * gl + 10 * pvvd + 5 * denk + 3 total -12 loss for the left . 
  even if you include d66 which gained +7 ( which i would n't , since their economic programs are n't left ) , that 's still a -5 overall loss . 
  this is the equivalent of saying `` but today it was cold , global warming is n't real '' . 
  a lot of independence movements are mainly left wing or at least centre-left ( rojava in kurdistan , bq and pq in quebec , sinn fein in northern ireland , scotland ( snp arguably , greens and ssp are definitely left ) , wales ( plaid cymru ) , cornwall ( mebyon kernow ) . 
  and then spain has many left wing independence movements coexisting with right wing independence / autonomy parties in catalonia and basque country .
