social democracy is still capitalism , so it 's at best left-of-center . 
  imagine it like 3 scales . 
  you start from the center , then you 've got your left of centers and right of centers , then left wingers and right wingers , and finally far left and far right . 
  democratic socialism is a pretty moderate form of socialism . 
  i 'd say you need to go into marxist-leninism , trotskyism , etc. 
  before you get to the far left . 
  this is what happens when you vote in a supermajority of one political party . 
  fucking dutch think they 're waterbenders . 
  it keeps it 300 . 
  __ ^ we 've only got a million of them though . 
  give us your tired , your poor , your gay huddled masses, 
  varg is a mild internet celebrity , i do n't listen to black metal but i 'm pretty sure i was made aware of varg years ago on 4chan . 
  drugs that are n't opiates or weed . 
  oh i swear i did n't see hungarian in your list, 
  hungarian is finno-urgic , if you count the first millennium as historic enough . 
  all i 'm saying is it 's called constantinople . 
  and cyprus !, 
  it makes me wish i was a relatively famous british celebrity . 
  my random knowledge of facts and figures would finally come in handy . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  clearly salmond ~ san must do what is honorable in his admittance of defeat to cameron ~ dono . 
  alex salmond will have to commit seppuku in shame . 
  did n't happen with quebec and the result was closer than 51-49 . 
  also even if scotland has n't shifted many elections to tories , has n't it provided labour with a more sizable majority to work with ? 
  also even if scotland has n't shifted many elections to tories , has n't it provided labour with a more sizable majority to work with ? 
  more welsh people support scottish independence than welsh independence . 
  albania went hard in the paint though . 
  hoxha did n't fuck around when it came to religion . 
  according to hoxha , the surge in anti-religious activity began with the youth . 
  the result of this `` spontaneous , unprovoked movement '' was the closing of all 2,169 churches and mosques in albania . 
  state atheism became official policy , and albania was declared the world 's first atheist state . 
  religiously-based town and city names were changed , as well as personal names . 
  during this period religiously-based names were also made illegal . 
  the dictionary of people 's names , published in 1982 , contained 3,000 approved , secular names . 
  in 1992 , monsignor dias , the papal nuncio for albania appointed by pope john paul ii , said that of the three hundred catholic priests present in albania prior to the communists coming to power , only thirty survived . 
  from their official position on their site ( through crappy google translation ) : '' `` men and women complement each other , and so every child 's right to a mother and father is of paramount importance . 
  incredibly centrally is that children 's best interests are taken into account in all situations in family policy . 
  these reasons * oppose the party requirements of both single people from same-sex couples or polygamous groups to be allowed to adopt children . 
  * , this apart from the spec anyway of relative adoptions . 
  * the same reason opposes the sweden democrats also lesbian insemination right . 
  * , this in no way implies that the party opposes or disparage these groups ' life choices or orientation . '' '', 
  [ also a blog post from the party secretary of sd condemning the `` homosexual lobby '' ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20071109003023/http://www.sdkuriren.se/blog/index.php/soder/2007/08/03/homosexlobbyn_kraver_och_homosexlobbyn_f ), 
  it 'd be interesting if black people voted at the same rates white people do , in the south . 
  georgia would probably be a swing state . 
  why ca n't there be one party with a reasonable immigration policy that does n't also have a social conservative return to the 1950s women in the kitchen and down with the homosex lobby ideology ? 
  is there one in europe ? 
  it kind of is . 
  i mean , if you want to take a demographic of society based on genetic difference , blood type is a bigger difference than skin color . 
  i was generally referring to those above 8ft . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tallest_people dead at 22 , 37 , 37 , 54 , 23 , 21 maybe 25 was a little low , but still , if he becomes the tallest ever i do n't foresee anything outside that range . 
  and then he 'll die before 25 , probably . 
  the ultra-tall do n't live long . 
  bend the knee or be destroyed . 
  i think that 's what he meant by watery tarts throwing swords . 
  good . 
  they belong with the rest of the populist demagogues . 
  soo what 's the age group or how was this survey done , the article does n't specify . 
  unless one in every five brits is doing special k. 
  i 'll start caring when there 's a single poll in the next 6 months that shows the yes vote actually leading . 
  how about the axis parties ? 
  ugh , why are they always great except for hating nuclear and gmo . 
  so anti-science . 
  it is in a 766 seat parliament with more than 5 parties . 
  give constantinople back to the greeks . 
  my extensive geography quiz skills on sporacle disagree with you . 
  well it 's the dilemma , there will be more and more people receiving social security benefits and less and less people paying into them . 
  yeah it 's almost like the us is way way bigger than any of these european countries and therefore * that 's the fucking point *, 
  different culture ( miami might as well be part of latin america ) , different majority religion , different climate , different language ( miami is spanish speaking majority , although most are bi-lingual ) . 
  how 's it not true ? 
  does n't make it not true . 
  the difference between miami and minneapolis is worlds apart compared to the difference between say , frankfurt and munich . 
  i ca n't believe we 're supposed to `` merge '' with andromeda . 
  fucking andromedans will ruin our milky way of life . 
  apparently my best match is the flemish green at 81 % . 
  ukip ( of england ) is the lowest at 32 % but i did take the quiz for the uk so . 
  i feel like everyone in this thread is forgetting nuclear weapons are a thing . 
  abkhazia is part of georgia , so . 
  berlin is actually severely lacking in the skyscraper department . 
  frankfurt is where all of germany 's are . 
  i know so many people where 80 % of the ig feed is just closeup pictures of weed . 
   without nato finland would n't stand a chance i dunno , russia tried invading finland before and it did n't work so well ... 
  yeah disillusion with corrupt centre-left / left wing parties is usually what causes a rise in far right parties . 
  see : european history since 1930, 
  romania would gladly , moldova would n't because moldovans are a bit nationalistic some even insist moldovan is its own language and not romanian ( bit like arguing quebecois french is its own language and not french ), 
  not like russia has a problem violating ukrainian sovereignty ... but really they 've had troops there since the fall of the ussr . 
  a treaty is exactly that . 
  a piece of paper . 
  an alliance like nato is an organisation . 
  there is infrastructure in place , obligations . 
  the budapest memorandum did not * obligate * any state to intervene in the ukraine in case something happened . 
  it gave them justification to , but no obligation . 
  nato obligates all members to react in collective defense as a group . 
  an agreement is not the same as a military alliance . 
  nato has in invoked article 5 in response to 9/11 , so it 's not really untested . 
  it 's untested against someone with nuclear weapons though . 
  estonia is nato , so by extension , anything regarded as an attack on estonia is an attack on 27 other countries , 3 of which have nuclear weapons . 
  i hate those populist tones , `` average people 's party '' who wants that ? 
  i want people with ambition , goals , desires , talents , intelligence that go way beyond the average person . 
  sounds like another dumb populist party designed to split the vote even more enjoy another nd government if this dude 's party gets any votes, 
  so i guess occupying and then holding a rigged election is how you annex countries in the modern day .
