i wish serbia was as powerful and influential as croatian politicians present it to be . 
  xd i mean serbia pressured usa and other nato countries . 
  come . 
  the . 
  i will paraphrase words of a great man ( me ) here : `` i am so sick of this `` muh serbian domination '' circlejerk , with no basis in reality . 
  and especially with some politicians of former yugoslavia switching and twisting fact , historical context and doing mental gymnastics just so they can wash away any responsibility off of them selves and blame serbia . 
  it is so ingrained in some people 's minds , that even now when yugoslavia does n't exist for 35 years , and when serbia does n't dominate it 's own fucking geographical space and foreign policy , that still does n't prevent those same people to reject all personal responsibility and blame serbia for the current economical and political situation in their own independent countries ... grow the fuck up and learn to take some responsibility for your own fucking failures . '', 
  as a great man once said : `` the further the society drifts from the truth , the more it will hate those that speak it . '', 
   serbia is neither the biggest nor the most prosperous . 
  well excluding the eu members from the region , and even including some . 
  yeah , serbia is the biggest and most prosperous country and factor of stability . 
  yeah i know , our only competitors are bosnia , montenegro , albania , kosovo and macedonia ... but still ... xd  `` serbia can play a key role in developing better relations between russia and the european union . '', 
  this is straight-up retarded ... 
  actually he was born in the military frontier that was incorporated into croatia-slavonia in late xix century . 
  xd :p got ta love the history of this region . 
  hey man , just to point out you made a mistake for serbia . 
  `` pitbull '' is not a movie , it a song from the movie `` black cat , white cat '' . 
   when did i ever . . you personally , have n't . 
  but that type of thinking is fully ingrained in the minds of most of the albanians . 
  and even the fact that you would quote something like that as some kind of example or justification tells a lot . 
  i am not saying that albanians are the only ones in this region who have that irrational way of thinking as part of the national identity . 
  everyone has it here . 
  serbs , croats , bosnians , you name it . 
  but it was proven time and time again that albanians ca n't progress beyond that . 
  they do n't have any emancipated cultural tradition , nothing else to identify with except with long forgotten ( by everyone else ) hatred and suffering and made up history . 
  i am mostly talking about kosovo albanians here . 
  from my experience albanians from albania are different story . 
   i do n't even . . what you do n't even ? 
  do you really want to me search and post here all the crimes that were commited over serbian , roma and macedonian people by albanians from kosovo after the war ended and they continue still today . 
  and how many crimes even happened or went unpunished over albanians in serbia proper ? 
  if we exclude the destroying of the albanian shops after that soccer game ... zero , zero happened . 
  that 's what i am talking about . 
  that tribal , ethnocratic , irrational victim complex that in minds of some people gives them right to terrorise everyone belonging to one ethnicity . 
  do you not realize how insane and backward that line of thinking is in 2015 ? 
  and why the kosovo is the way it is today ? 
  you blame serbs for the plight of kosovo albanians and make serbs to be some kind of albanian historical archenemy . 
  yet the truth is serbs offered refuge to many albanians when they escaped from the terror of enver hoxa , who if i need to remind you , killed between 5 000 and 25 000 albanians and many more tortured and imprisoned . 
  and as a thank you albanians started burning and killing their serbian neighbours in the '90s , because apparently : `` when the spring comes , we will manure the plains of kosovo with the bones of serbs , for we albanians have suffered too much to forget . '', 
  but yeah i agree there is no point in talking to you . 
  as you ca n't see beyond your irrational sense of hatred and national identity that is based on negative values , lack of taking responsibility , denial and hypocrisy with no cultural , emancipatory counterbalance . 
  nah man , it 's the other way around , those are hungarian words that are used in serbia , croatia , bosnia and montenegro . 
  serbia especially has a lot of magyarisms . 
  but of course there are a lot of [ slavic words in hungarian ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/category:hungarian_terms_derived_from_slavic_languages ) . 
  no , i am not dying that what happened 100 years ago . 
  i was talking about more recent times namely yugoslavia . 
  but using something that happened 100 years ago as an excuse to do crimes against one ethnicity 100 years after , is irrational , backwards and just pure madness . 
  and let 's not mention how there was no alabnians in kosovo before the ottoman rule , and how albanians did crimes over serbs and other ethnicities in kosovo during the ottoman rule then in wwi and wwii . 
  and yet they were accept and had better living conditions and greater freedoms and rights in yugoslavia after the wwii then they had in their own maternal country . 
  but hey , just cling to that irrational victim complex over something that happened 100 or 200 years ago , that gives you right to murder and terrorise serbian elderly and children even today and probably forever . 
  and then when i say that kosovo is backward ethnocracy with borderline fascistic system that clings to old time rules and principles of blood and soil , you tell me i am insulting you , while i am merely stating observable facts , which you and other people here only confirm time and time again . 
  edit : and by the way that quote you mentioned , does n't say or prove that there was oppression . 
  it just says how slavophobic and bloodthirsty that guy who said that was . 
  that 's just sick . 
  i think it is most fair to call him yugoslavian , because he was such a strong supporter of the yugoslavian idea . 
  and previously i explained why he could be and is considered serbian and why his nobel prize winning novel is officially counted as coming from serbia . 
  i mean , this is not something that is open for debate , these are easily verifiable facts . 
  if we are going to look at it formally both nikola tesla and ivo andri\u0107 were born in austro-hungarian empire . 
  i am not going to argue with you , all of the things that i 've said are easy to check and there is documentation and factual reasons why i said the things i said . 
  it is more important where someone lived , with whom that someone identified , where someone created and where is respected then where someone was born or what ethnicity he is . 
  in that sense i think ivo andri\u0107 is more serbian , then nikola tesla . 
  nikola tesla was an american scientist . 
  i know it is hard for people from the balkan to make a difference between ethnicity and nationality . 
  but let 's try it like this : tell me is ban jela\u010di\u0107 considered a serbian ? 
  or rade \u0160erbed\u017eija ? 
  was late serbian patriarch pavle considered croatian or serbian ? 
  and how about arsen dedi\u0107 ? 
  is he serbian musician or croatian ? 
  bogdan dikli\u0107 and milan mladenovi\u0107 , what about them ? 
  ah ok then , blindly sticking to a early xx century maniacal slavophobia , clinging to irrational victim complex and `` not forgetting '' something that happened 100 years a go to people who you never met makes everything better . 
  progressive without a doubt . 
  thanks again . 
  i know man , but the white ribbon is listed as german film . 
   when the spring comes , we will manure the plains of kosovo with the bones of serbs , for we albanians have suffered too much to forget . 
  you said enough . 
  thanks for confirming everything i said . 
   is ivo andri\u0107 considered a yugoslav writer or bosnian writer ( or both ) ? 
  ivo andri\u0107 was ethnic croat born in bosnia who lived , worked and died in serbia . 
  a true yugoslav . 
  formally he is considered a yugoslav or serbian writer . 
  after he finished his education he moved to belgrade , he mostly wrote in serbian ekavica dialect , his most significant books were written in serbia , he was a member of serbian academy of arts and sciences and [ on official documents he declared himself to be serbian . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/11b2myb.jpg ) in the end he was buried in belgrade in the alley of distinguished citizens . 
  he was a strong supporter of yugoslav idea and the unity of south slavic people . 
  he was even arrested one time by the austro-hungarians , cause they arrested all serbs and croats who publicly expressed support for yugoslavia . 
  personally i would say he was a yugoslavian or bosnian writer . 
  his best works deal with life in bosnia . 
  and he had a core understanding of bosnia , bosnian mentality and spirit of all the ethnicities that lived there muslims , croats , serbs , jews , germans ... bosnia was basically a small yugoslavia . 
   how are culture such as this from the yugoslav period considered now ? 
  ivo andri\u0107 and other , truly great artists from that period are still highly regarded in all countries . 
  i am from serbia and in school we had ivo andri\u0107 , and for example miroslav krle\u017ea ( a croatian writer from croatia ) as part of obligatory reading . 
  generally i think that serbs have the least problems with yugoslavia and shared culture that was produced during that time . 
  we accept it fully as part of our culture , while i think there are tendencies in some other former republics to distance them selves from it . 
  for example i do n't think children in croatia read any serbian writers in schools . 
  which i think is a shame as we share a language and we share a cultural space . 
   a joint , common history , or are the modern countries `` wanting '' to claim him or others as their own ? 
  ivo andri\u0107 is a peculiar case , but i already explained that . 
  when it comes to some other writers and important cultural figures the cases are much more clear . 
  for example milo\u0161 crnjanski is serbian writer without a doubt . 
  danilo ki\u0161 is serbian-jewish author . 
  miroslav krle\u017ea is croatian writer . 
  they are highly regarded , but their ethnicity and spirit of their work in undoubtedly tied to one ethnicity .
