  unfortunately i am not too optimistic on this happening any time soon , due to various internal and external reasons . 
  but mostly internal , in the end you can blame only your self . 
   i mean how do croatia 's and serbia 's relations appear today based on news and town talk ? 
  in some ways relations and good will did n't stop even during the wars . 
  in some ways ... for example music , movies , books from one country was popular in other country even during the war . 
  now relations are of course much better and more open . 
  let 's brake it down like this : 1 . 
  you have sport hooligans . 
  they are fringe , but they are very loud , violent and nationalistic . 
  if there was n't serbs/croats/muslims / jews/gypsies they would hate bananas or something , they would find something to hate . 
  now they are fringe group , but cause unemployment is high , education and programs for young people are very bad or nonexistent , these groups get a lot of fodder in younger generations . 
  but nothing to overly fear about . 
  they are there , they exist , but they are an extreme , small minority . 
  that is important to remember . 
  then you have regular , ordinary people . 
  most of them do n't really think about either nation , they just want to live normal life . 
  you know ? 
  have a job , make money , go on vacation , whatever . 
  but the politicians are not giving them a break , we 'll get to that . 
  people from serbia go to croatian beaches . 
  young people from croatia and bosnia come to serbia on various festivals and for new years celebrations . 
  and now we get to these motherfuckers ... politicians and people profiting from politics . 
  politicians and media are constantly keeping this atmosphere of low level conflict , almost a cold war . 
  currently they are bickering over twitter and tv like retarded children . 
  having an enemy motivates people to get of their chair and go vote . 
  saying things like : `` we will improve education and infrastructure , work on good relations with neighbours and paychecks will be higher by 50 euros next year . '', 
  wo n't win you elections . 
  but saying : `` nationalistic forces that once threatened our proud nation are on the rise again and we have to do everything to protect our motherland . '', 
  will win you elections . 
  former croatian and serbian presidents , josipovic and tadic , [ went with the bro approach ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w5re7nj.jpg ) ... and well ... they are * former * presidents . 
  they both lost the elections . 
  and on a related note hate and fear brings you clicks and sells newspapers . 
  nobody cares if someone went to serbia and had a good time . 
  but a retarded nationalist says something in one country , oh boy , be sure it will be all over the media in other country in bold letters . 
  and we have culture and pop culture . 
  and here you would n't even know there was any war , or in some cases that serbia , croatia and bosnia are separate countries :d . musicians , movies , books etc. 
  from one country are loved in other countries . 
  writers , movie directors , journalists , musicians work and/or move from one country to the other . 
  movies are often made in cooperation between the countries . 
  tv shows like x-factor , big brother , survivor and some other reality shows are regional , meaning people from all or most of ex yu countries participate together . 
  there are some `` celebrity '' marriages between serbian and croatian `` celebrities '' ... [ here are 2cellos , young croatian musicians on serbian late night talk show cracking jokes for hour and a half . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plrfv0lzwvo ) then here is a [ serbian musician having a concert in zagreb ] ( https://youtu.be/6qut_a6rwca?t=81 ) . 
  then you have croatian writer and journalist [ boris dezulovic ] ( https://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/boris_de%c5%beulovi%c4%87 ) who moved to serbia and is living in belgrade now . 
  [ here is the croatian anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmofj0yjiha ) being played on tennis match in serbia , and serbian crowd applauding . 
  notice the lack of booing and calls for killing ... 
  these are just some of the examples , showing that situation is pretty fucking normal or close to normal , but you would n't know it by listening to politicians and tabloid media . 
  ** tldr ; ** if you ignore politicians and most of the media it is pretty fucking fine . 
  edit : added some links to illustrate what i was saying . 
   is there any clues that give away a diaspora ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i guessed you are croatian diaspora cause you have usa flair , but you often comment on these ex yu threads and have a point of view of croats . 
  so it was a no-brainer . 
  a part from that ... i do n't really know ...  i mean there are many cro/bos/ser flared users on hear . 
  doubt they are all truthful . 
  yeah me too . 
   also , why do diaspora then to be more volatile than natives ? 
  eh ... i do n't really know , but this is the trend that is noticeable . 
  you could best see it during the wars in the '90s , when all those usta\u0161as and \u010cetniks popped up from australia , canada , usa , germany etc. . . while native population was like : `` wtf those guys actually still exist ? '', 
  there probably several reasons . 
  our ( both serbian and croatian ) diaspora usually went abroad during some war ( wwii , '90s ) . 
  those people went out of the country in that mind set and while the things in their maternal countries changed and progressed , their minds were still stuck in that war mindset . 
  that there is also the thing were immigrants find them selves in foreign culture , with which they ca n't identify and then they grasp to their ethnic identity and culture , but that ethnic identity gets perverted and twisted , and again out of thouch with the ethnic identity and culture shift in maternal country . 
  you can see this phenomenon mocked in sopranos , when tony and his crew go to italy and get served real italian food ( they find it disgusting , no ketchup lol ) and get to know real italian customs and traditions , and see how their italian-american identity has very little to do with real italy . 
  and then there is also the fact that diaspora does n't live in the maternal country and does n't have to deal with consequences of nationalism and hatred . 
  they will trash talk , and instigate hate , but if anything happens , if there is some violence or war , they wo n't be there to suffer through it . 
  they will be in usa/canada/austria sitting comfortably and masturbating over how `` their people are suffering '' :'( . 
  and there are probably more sociological and psychological reasons ... 
  anyway di si bia devesprve ? 
   though there are `` real '' croats and serbs that behave as such too on here . 
  nah man , levels of cholesterol in cowboy food clogged your brain and you are out of touch with your inner-real-croat , let me explain : da real croats and serbs are normal , civilized , mellow , educated , rational , atheist , funny , liberal , open-minded , hospitable , well mannered people . 
  da nationalistic scum is either diaspora or people that came from the mountains of bosnia and especially herzegovina . 
  that 's the general consensus . 
  thank you , will check it out . 
   you are diaspora , so your opinion is wrong anyway '' get used to it . 
  at least both croats and serbs agree on one thing : our diasporas suck and you should n't have a right to vote . 
  xd you cool man . 
  no point , just sayin ' , no need to get defensive ... jesus christ ... 
  yeah man , just like you . 
  thanks man . 
  now i see that i actually knew vieira da sliva 's and almada negreiros 's works , just did n't know their names and that they were portuguese . 
  ah thanks man , very interesting read . 
   non ou a v\u00e3 gl\u00f3ria de mandar ( full movie , french subtitles ) damn it , do n't know french . 
  i 'll try to find it with english subtitles on one of ... ahem ... * those * sites . 
   you find so many of us saying the worst about the country and then saying the best . 
  ah lol i can totally relate to that . 
  i would n't say it is specific to any particular country , i think all nations have it more or less . 
   it 's a good country to live in if you have some money with you what 's the average monthly paycheck and what would you say , how much is enough money monthly for a normal , comfortable life without too much luxury ? 
  what do you think where should i go ? 
  to lisboa or some other city on the beach ? 
  is portugal expensive for tourists compared to spain for example ? 
   i love me some tunas ( not the fish , the college musical groups ) , here 's a video from a performance by the tuna from minho : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nif0oox-dpm man this is awesome . 
  i ca n't believe how similar it is to [ traditional music of the part of serbia ] ( https://youtu.be/bbpszlqpu-w?t=21 ) where i live . 
  the rhythms are a bit different , more `` latino '' , but apart from that very similar . 
  i do n't know anything about portugal . 
  but i adore portuguese language . 
  i think it is the `` prettiest '' language in the world . 
  anyway how would you best describe portugal , portuguese people and portuguese traditional and pop culture to a ignorant dude like me ? 
  who is the most famous portuguese painter , composer . 
  what is the best portuguese movie in your opinion ? 
  what are some popular portuguese rock , pop , hip-hop songs ?
