  what this phrase has to do with this one ? 
   explicitly dehumanizing language seems like the epitome of hate speech to me . 
  and this phrase is bullshit :  fact is racists can be all be classified as racists because ipso facto that 's what they are . 
  / r/iamverysmart material and your last comment just make you sound like a douche . 
  but you know fact is you are a douche that can be classified as a douche because ipso facto that 's what you are . 
  you can argue that being a douche might even be a virtue but it does n't mean you 'll convince everyone else . 
  im not sure , but the regular insurance never covers an arson . 
  you know , to prevent fraud . 
  ok bro , what the fuck are you saying because i didnt understand shit, 
  til , thx, 
  yep , when people say that they need handguns to protect themselves against the government i always think about [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/a0ctktiph_8?t=3m45s ), 
  yes sir , i would like to keep the howitzer for home defense , my neightbour keeps mowing his lawn bad , i need protection against that barbarian . 
  england , spain , france have been always fucking with each other . 
  for example : [ england + france vs spain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-spanish_war_\\ ( 1635 % e2 % 80 % 9359 \\ ) ) [ france + spain vs england ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_revolutionary_war ) [ england + spain vs france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_war_of_1521%e2%80%9326 ) or simply one vs each other and such . 
  between the french and the british i would say the french are a bit more `` hated '' since they are closer and also invaded us while we were allies . 
  we ca n't dislike poland for example since we have n't many relations/wars/treaties / common history , etc. 
  spain and france have many things in common . 
  its kinda like brother relationship , he is our bro and we love him but he is still a fuckface and deserves a punch in the dick . 
  portugal is just the little son that left home and joint some gangs and bad people just to mess with his parents . 
  you know he is a lost cause but you still love him since is your son . 
  traitor too , no backsies, 
  i would buy argentinian wine to mess with the british , but i prefer spanish wine . 
  anyone that buy french/italian wine is a traitor , a traitor i said !, 
  are we clear fellow spaniards ? 
   i can not express in words the helplessness i feel when i read someone who is on one hand so articulate and obviously educated  comment has 2 links to wikipedia  mfw, 
   joining the public sector if unemployed ? 
  do n't this increases the spanish deficit ? 
  yes  every young person can join the army ? 
  there are access test ( physical , knowledge , english ) . 
  depending to the marks you can enter to some schools or branch or not ( for example iirc to enter in the legion the physicals marks are the highest ) . 
  english is needed for international missions/nato . 
  for example if you have a c1 in english you can pick your destination worldwide . 
  most of my friends are just grunts ( legion , paratroopers , mountain hunters , etc ) others with better qualifications / titles are in the royal guard , lieutenant ( if you have university title ) , etc. 
  in spain the young unemployment is around 49 % . 
  there are neet here they are called ni-ni ( ni estudia ni trabaja ) wich is neither-nor ( neither study nor works ) but with the crisis their situation is quite difficult , being at home doing nothing while your father is being fucked by his boss/unemployed is quite difficult . 
  in my hometown , a lot of my old classmates are joining ( or already joined ) the army since they dont have any valuable skill and finding a job is impossible . 
  i think that just in my neighbourhood plus friends/classmates and such , they alone can form a platoon . 
  yes , thats why i said `` free '' and not free . 
  then what are you doing with that money ? 
  you have no `` free '' healtcare for example in what things are you spending the money because it doesnt make sense to my eyes, 
  nobody here ( spain ) really understand it , most of the people only know that some puppeteers in a child show are now in preventive jail for glorifing terrorism . 
  op really did a great job with this post . 
  iirc sweden has so many cases of rapes because they do n't use the same definitions as other countries and basically all is considered rape crimen while in other countries it would be molestation or something like that . 
  the us is not famous for its social security so i guess that if you dont have a security net and things are going extremely bad you hit rock bottom . 
   tell again how what you said had anything to do with ukraine easy , you influence for a change in ukraine and hence fuck russia ( ukraine was a key trading partner ) hence russia retaliates and invade ukraine , annex crimea and start all these planes over europe and interception that the press likes so much . 
  now russia does n't like you , oh look more troubles that did n't exist in the shitty as fuck bush administration . 
   how is bin laden killed not a good thing ? 
  i havent said it wasnt a good thing , what i said is that i dont believe that killing him reduced the number of threats . 
  without having in consideration that the man that gave the order to murder him was the noble peace prize ( yes , i 'm pretty butthurt about that ) . 
   there is a massive difference from iraq and afghanistan versus limited air strikes tell that to the hospital bombed ( inb4 collateral damage ) obama is the same as bush in terms of having the same strategy in the middle east and then wonder why they hate the us . 
  but hey , he gives cool speeches and makes some great memes . 
  what were the threats under the bush administration ? 
  are they gone ? 
  no , well unless you think that killing bin laden reduced the level of threat are there new threats ? 
  yes hence is the world safer ? 
   when did obama lead two wars into countries and did this happen when i was n't looking ? 
  ah yes , its only a war if we put boots in the ground , the airstrikes and drone killing is just for fun . 
  you can think that the people in ukraine some day they decided to create the biggest riot in a lot of fucking time without any kind of external influence and you can think that those little green men are not russian soldiers . 
  ukraine alone wont define his legacy , but do you really think now we are more secure ? 
  your president has done the same as bush except at least bush did n't get a peace prize ( alfred nobel must be spinning in his grave ), 
  the situation with ukraine , russia , syria comes to mind . 
  for me it feels like the gov is the same , what is the biggest change that make you said : `` hey , the us now is truly different '' , for me the only difference is that now the president is black and has a noble peace prize ( how ironic ), 
  but area in what sense ? 
  i mean , literally ? 
  are there some specific areas ? 
  like from the science lab to the bar and that entire building over there ? 
  or is more like while you are in the campus please do n't do this or do that . 
   lgbtq safe space in a university what does that even mean ? 
  i 'm serious i have no idea what a safe space means , i suppouse its some kind of group where lgbtq talk to each other ? 
   we do n't feel any respected ; we are in fact the least well regarded region in the country you should then stop calling the rest of spain lazy and that we are deadweight lagging you out . 
  seems like people dont like being insulted . 
   under these circumstances i refuse to contribute with a single cent to a country taxes do n't work that way buddy . 
  i also want not to pay taxes but here we are . 
  also im tired of telling you all that you accepted a constitution giving up your special snowflake status ( concierto econ\u00f3mico like the basques ) . 
  im not saying any lies and the one that can go fuck off is you , go cry me a river . 
  nah , truth is the independence movement rise during the economic crisis because mas and friends told them that the economic crisis happened thanks to spain and then proceed to tell them how catalu\u00f1a is awesome and the reason that they are not luxemburg is because of spain . 
  now that the worst of the crisis is going away ( still present but not as hard ) the independence movement will slowly descend to the regular 30 %, 
  dont even mention the military of an independent catalu\u00f1a because its a total joke : at first thay said that catalu\u00f1a wont have an army , that they will pay spain , france or the nato to defend them . 
  then they said that catalu\u00f1a would have an army of 2400 men , that they will buy f16 to the us and other stuff to germany and france . 
  spanish and english are the same in terms of numbers . 
  sixteen ( six , ten ) . 
  twentytwo ( twenty , two ) . 
  nah my entire flair is a joke . 
  sorry for the confusion, 
  nah my entire flair is a joke . 
  sorry for the confusion, 
  very interesting , thank you . 
  ill show it to my classmates, 
  start by changing your numbers , saying 4 * 20 +10 +9 to say 99 is bullshit . 
  what i was thinking when i said that i wanted to learn french . 
  ** edit : see ?? 
  this is what i mean **, 
  the tedax are now called gedex ? 
  i like tedax more :( i though metal knives were not allowed in the plane , the crew usually gives you plastic ones . 
  now imagine if instead of israel was russia demolishing eu funded buildings . 
  i can imagine the clickbait titles already . 
  but a book said they belong there so fuck off palestinians this land is now ours and if we want a firing range we are gona have a firing range . 
  well the catalan and the rest of the people that was on the repiblican side, 
  the difference is that in germany the fascist lost, 
  found the andaluz !,
