  gibraltar says it has territorial waters and spain says it only has territorial waters inside its port . 
  this `` incident '' happens all the time but now with this shitstorm people are milking this cow to no end . 
  gibraltar just looks like a small kid yelling while his mom and a friend are having a chat . 
  there is only one country between spain and world conquest : spain . 
  well , we can mix them like : you all said it was imposible but i did it ... and now they are all our bitches . 
  its more like : you all said it was imposible but i did it . 
  it comes from the non plus ultra that was carved in the pilars of heracles . 
  no further beyond this point since the world ends here , same way we have the finisterre cape ( since the romans though that there wasnt any more land to the west ), 
  i was curious so i googled it , this is the first result , seems like fadda is their name in irish gaelic http://www.bitesize.irish/blog/our-fada/, 
  never heard of faddas before , maybe is portuguese ? 
  its called tilde or acento at least here in spain , maybe it changes in some latin american spanish . 
  no offense but all the people ( british and american ) say cueta instead of ceuta . 
  is there any reason ? 
  in reddit only portuguese and spanish write it properly . 
  also the canary island has a reduced vat because its a group of islands in the west of africa , to compensate for the custom fee and the high cost of the delivery . 
  buy something from amazon and the sending is a rip off . 
  tildes is a form of punctuation . 
  to show which letter is the strong one in the word and also changes ( or could change ) the meaning pap\u00e1 : father papa : potato, 
  no joke , since the arab spring , syria , isis , now turkey the tourism in spain has been growing constantly . 
  they at least died for their country, 
  its a bit difficult . 
  there is no correct spanish , the same way that american english is not less english than uk english . 
  there was ( or is ) an attempt to create a neutral spanish with no region accent , some kind of international spanish but it was heavily criticised for being too artificial and impoverish the language, 
  well , they did die by the thousands in gallipoli . 
   what 's more spanish than passing exams with a 4.9 mark ? 
  failing exams with a 4.9 mark, 
  since the 90 's the stripe is blue ( marketing i guess ), 
  fake news , all you say is wrong , a hoax of china . 
  dont we make the best comedy , folks ? 
  we have the best , i told you . 
  we are going to make comedy great again . 
  why is spain not there ? 
  thats because the cows in your country are lazy , they are now in the eu they should learn new languages like french or sheep, 
  germany is just another country in the eu , so poland has the same voice and vote as germany . 
  germany is not the ruler of the eu . 
  2.47 billions but american billions ( thousand of million ) or european ( well spanish , idk in other countries ) billions ( million of million ), 
  the article says that since they didnt know that the stuff they picked from the floor was important they now claim non guilty . 
  it was a joke about 1st tier european countries and 2nd tier countries . 
  yeah no . 
  why they should have the right to decide the future of spain but the rest of the spaniards cant even have a word about it . 
  7 million people shouldnt decide the future of a 48 million people country . 
  not even close . 
  more likely among this line : `` what happened in the catalan parliament is nothing more than the corruption of the democracy by some groups of delusionals which only motivation is to to divide and separate the spanish and catalan people for their only benefit . 
  this attack to the constitution , to the legality of spain can not be ignored , hence i declare the dissolution of the catalan parliament ... '', 
  i 've never study or learn portuguese , but if i can read it i understand like 80 % of it , but boy , speaking it is not that easy . 
  the generals will be german , french , british , etc. 
  and the grunts will be polish , spaniards , greeks , etc. 
  fully european , why do n't you like it ? 
  no need to go that further , spain wo n't atack argentina to defend the british rule of the falklands , like ever . 
   the referendum just serves to verify that indeed a majority of the population no longer ( if it ever did ) recognizes the constitution as legitimate you may need to check your spanish history book for that . 
   2nd tier citizens are forced to have their nation subjugated to a foreign power catalans are now second tier citizens ? 
  til  and declare independence and then what , do n't stop there , what will happen next ? 
  hey i would like to see his ama here , i do n't agree with him but i would like to know his stance with the eu . 
  no , there is no dark space in that subject with the political parties , psoe always said that they are against a referendum , podemos said that they supported a referendum but that they want catalonia to stay . 
  c 's is against the referendum too and pp will rather send the army than allowing a referendum . 
  i remember reading in a newspaper that mas said that since the catalan people pay their taxes and the social security , even with an independent catalonia spain should pay for the retirement of the catalans or give part of their treasure ( i do n't know if this is the correct term in english ) . 
  its in the constitution , spain ( the territories , land , etc ) belongs to the spanish people as a whole , so a part of the of people ca n't have the right to decide which part of spain belongs to the spanish people and which part does n't because it would be violating the rights of the rest of the spanish people and hence creating 1\u00ba tier citizens ( that have the right to decide ) and 2\u00ba tier citizens ( that just can sit and watch ) . 
  unlikely , one thing is to protect the catalan to prevent it from disapearing and another thing is to avoid using spanish , its more benefitial for the country to keep both languages at least from an economic point of view . 
  no , most spanish pueblos are really old , medieval style , so no planning . 
  for example , company that does aerial photos of villages : http://www.aeronor.es/, 
  well the 4 towers of madrid are the offices of banks and big important companies so its not like you are wrong :d, 
  i have no idea , we did n't have any wars with russia , neither we have close ties with them , we simply exist one in each side of europe . 
  we have quite a number of russian tourists here ( some of them are really a bunch of dicks also ) , but if we were to hate all tourist that behave like dicks we would be reserching nukes to bomb the uk and germany . 
  so i do n't know what is the reason to be so high . 
  croatia about to be designated ;d, 
  i do n't think they support putin just for fear of being executed . 
  brainwashed by propaganda ? 
  yes , but there is a huge gap between lies of propaganda and summary executions . 
  russia ( and the urss before ) and india relations have been always really good . 
  so its not a big surprise . 
   '' ... india-russia relationship is one of deep friendship and mutual confidence that would not be affected by transient political trends . 
  russia has been a pillar of strength at difficult moments in india 's history . 
  india will always reciprocate this support . 
  russia is and will remain our most important defense partner and a key partner for our energy security , both on nuclear energy and hydrocarbons , '', 
  i dont think that arm selling works that way . 
  in the tos doesnt appear that we have to go to die in your country just because you buy our guns, 
  all countries helping the lesser evil to get ride of the big evil , no way this situation is going to backfire with a big boom . 
  remind me why europe has to fight a war that is not ours ? 
  why we have to send soldiers to die in a foreign land against people that hate us for people that in the best escenario will just say thanks now get out . 
  it 's about time the world starts to solve their problems by their own . 
  [ only in the west israel is unpopular ? 
  ] ( http://www.globescan.com/images/images/pressreleases/bbc2013_country_ratings/bbc2531_m1ft_ctry.gif ) source : [ globescan poll for the bbc ] ( http://www.globescan.com/news-and-analysis/press-releases/press-releases-2013/277-views-of-china-and-india-slide-while-uks-ratings-climb.html ), 
  a pact between parties and good luck trying to pass laws , they will get shot down faster than the russian plane in turkey, 
  - opinion about dilma rousseff ? 
  - who ? 
  - the president of brazil - the president of brazil ? 
  hey those were a dick about the football cup with us . 
  fuck him . 
  - dilma is a woman . 
  - fuck her i said . 
  spaniard here , i 'll show you what left and right supporters think about putin : right : yeah putin has some big fucking balls , fuck those fucking muslims trying to bomb us , fuck those fucking gaylords , russia in the 90 's was shit and look now , he knows how to get shit done . 
  putin goes hard or goes home bro unlike our president that is retarded and has no blood . 
  left : yeah putin invaded ukraine because the imperial usa thinks that they can control everything , yay for putin , about time those fascist of the us get some of their medicine , they can bomb and invade countries for oil in south america and the middle east and then they get butthurt when putin defends his homeland . 
  putin goes hard or goes home bro , unlike our president that is retarded and has no blood . 
  i knew it when i was a child and i remmember that i said something along the lines of da fak is he doing there . 
  i would say that not a lot of people know that he is from finland , people think he is from the north pole . 
  isis is cancer and airstrikes are chemo . 
  sometimes i think i 'm way below average in terms of intelligence . 
  sometimes i think i 'm retarded . 
  just like australia is a piece of uk in ~ ~ asia ~ ~ oceania .
