i imagine japan like a guy : come on dude just hit me , just hit me and i fuck you up, 
  i 've heard that too . 
  chinese from especific region emigrate to the same countries/location . 
  they come from qingtian , or that is what i 've read . 
  me , what part ? 
  maybe the left is shit in your country but ad hominem and whataboutism is the main discourse of the right here . 
  before the crisis it was widely encouraged , that lead to an incredible growth and the media/economist were saying that spain was in the right path and that we could be at the top in solar energy , etc. 
  on the other hand some economist/newspapers said that it was leading to a bubble . 
  imo it was a bit of both but clearly better than what we have now with the stupid sun tax . 
  one funny thing i remember is some guy that said that he had a solar panel and was selling the electricity . 
  in fact he had bought some generators instead of solar panels but with the subsidices the price he got for selling the electicity was bigger than the price of the gas to run the generators . 
  they only caught him because he was always producing electricity even in midnight lol . 
  then the crisis started and the conservatives arrived to the government and basically destroyed all the families with solar panels on their roofs , oh and also the fucking sun tax . 
  so if the uk leaves , is the english still going to be one of the official languages ? 
  yes , i know about ireland and all the angloshphere dick sucking around the world , but what if ireland also says fuck it and leaves . 
  then what ? 
  no , you are not kidding . 
  you are right . 
   `` failed to sink even one british vessel , '' thats not what wikipedia says , the english article says 37 sunken and 17 damaged , the spanish article says 50 ships sunken . 
  funny how they differ in number of ships destroyed but not in the death tool, 
  ofc it is, 
  no judge is going to put all of the muslims in a country under heavy surveillance just for being muslims , apart from that you will need a lot of new policemen just for that , not even the country with more police/population could do that . 
  damn , i 've just realised that in kazahstan the simbol under the sun is actually an eagle ( or a similar bird ) . 
  well ... til, 
  callejeros was a program in spain that was a periodist and a cameraman filming different situations . 
  in a lot of programs they went to the worst areas of spain and they did n't get attacked . 
  and before that the biggest open air drug supermarket was las barranquillas . 
  the police went there full force and the gypsis and drugaddicts simply move from there to la ca\u00f1ada real . 
  so now if the police goes there to destroy it all like in las barranquillas the people there will simply move again to another place and create a new big supermarket . 
  there is a nuclear moratorium in spain that has existed for more than 40 years . 
  no nuclear power plant can be built . 
  anyway , it doesnt matter what the eu wants , each country has the last word in terms of energy production . 
  thanks , if it helps the neightbourhood i guess its a good idea, 
  thanks , well it is not a bad idea , if it can help people, 
  can you explain it a bit ? 
  what do you mean with neighbourhood watch groups on whatsapp ? 
  in spain fb messenger was late , so all the people had whatsapp already . 
  i have both and fb messenger is annoying as shit , i close a conversation and the app still shows in my notification saying stupid shit about bubbles in conversations or whatever . 
  i only use it if i dont have the number of the person i want to talk to . 
  i wouldnt say areas , it depends on the person more than in the city you live . 
  some people is pro republic others are pro monarchy and the majority ( me included ) simply dont care/thinks there are other things more important or that deserve more attention . 
  about the king being kicked out , i would say that it is very difficult but possible and it would need a referendum which i would say it would be really close unless some really fucked up thing happens . 
  so turks , italians , americans , a far right wing subreddit and ice cream, 
  more than in the guy being a dick we should focus in the people standing up for the student being bullied . 
  in a lot of countries it would be impossible to see that . 
  i remember one game www.mapcrunch.com similar to that , in wich you had to go from the place it placed you to the nearest airport . 
  if you are in a road and understand the signals and or language , it is cool and almost achievable but fuck it , one time it sent me to a beach in ghana and by in a beach i mean the fucking google car was in a gravel path near the sea, 
  franco was [ paranoid ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/conspiraci%c3%b3n_judeo-mas%c3%b3nico-comunista-internacional ) thinking that jews , communist , mason , marxist joined to destroy spain . 
  he targeted lots of people not just dissidents [ \\ ( white terror \\ ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_terror_\\ ( spain \\ ) ), 
  i supposed it was some religious act , something similar . 
  just that it looked like what i said to me at first . 
  well maybe its me but why it looks like all those shirtless dudes are about to jump on the boat and start beating the priest ? 
  so thats why they were building that fence ... 
  what slovenia has to pay to get into croatias hole ? 
  jokes on you , if we knew where are all of our sunken ships we wouldnt have to worry about pirates raiding them for the gold and stuff . 
  558 units of soldiers means 558 soldiers in the entire army ? 
  why croatia doesnt want slovenia to have access to international waters ? 
  that c looks like the cercanias ( train ) logo in spain : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/25/cercanias_logo.svg/1024px-cercanias_logo.svg.png, 
  in case the other 199 are broken . 
  just imagine some slovenian farmer walking past them : - ey you fuckers wtf are you doing with that fence ? 
  - fuck you slovenia . 
  yes, 
   on ne tire pas sur l'ambulance whats the meaning ? 
  not the literal one, 
  in spain we have : * guardia civil : under control of ministry of defense and home affairs . 
  * policia nacional : under control of home affairs ministry . 
  * policia local : under control of the city hall . 
  you could n't think of a better name ? 
  ) / policia foral : under control of the comunidades of euskadi , catalu\u00f1a and navarra respectively . 
  * sva : under control of the tax agency , if they are following you , the best thing you can do is to start throwing the coke from the boat . 
  if you are driving like an asshole and the guardia civil stops you , just say yes sir , yes sir , i 'm sorry , yes sir and pay the fine . 
  try to be a smartass and you will be there for a long time , oh also they are really by the book , if you are 7km/h above the limit you are fined end of the story . 
  about the police just be nice , if you were caught doing something you should n't do then do n't try to fuck yourself more and play along . 
  ertzaina : i do n't know . 
  mozos de escuadra : they have quite a reputation of being bad boys , apart from that i do n't know , maybe someone can talk about them more . 
  i would n't say spain police is fucked up but they have their bad things and all of them have one thing in common : they do n't like smartasses . 
  i thought spain had similar laws to alcohol and sports events . 
  edit : nvm , i 've just remembered that wine is not considered alcohol in spain, 
  i actually want to read it but i 've heard is just boring nonsense , also its not the kind of book i would like to read on the train , even if i cover the tapes i would be worried about someone reading over my shoulder and silently judging me while i try to explain that im not a nazi , just curious . 
  wait a moment ... 
  well i am not willing to cut any time of my other free time hobbies/entertainment seems a good reason to me , at least they are honest about it . 
  they prefer doing other things , its okay to be like that . 
  all the people that say that want to learn a language because it sounds great from my experience dont finish the language courses . 
  madrid and the gypsies are not know for their integration, 
  the world will collapse , mankind will be blown away and the gypsies still wont integrate with any other people, 
  maybe is a slaughterhouse of lettuce , we do n't know haha, 
  in spain there are some villages that in order to survive they give you a free house or something like that , they just ask for a family to live there who has children . 
  its the perfect destination for a refugee family , i mean the jobs are not going to be easy , mostly they are going to be low paying jobs ( agriculture and such ) . 
  but i do n't know , if i was a family from syra for example , i would totally go there , my job is going to be back destroying , working in the camp , my wife could work as a house cleaner or something similar to help with the money , my kids could go to the school with free education , plus with the economic help that the government gives and without having to pay rent or a mortage . 
  i 'm not saying is the american dream but at least it gives you a place to stay , knowing you have a roof above your head and your kids get to continue their education . 
  also those places are fighting to keep population up so they do n't have incentives to be against a new family no matter their nationality , also most of them are small villages so mostly safe from the dangers of big cities or low chances to find some extremist people . 
  i know that what i said is quite idealistic but being a refugee in such a hard situation fearing for my life and the future of my family . 
  i would totally at least try to look for information about it and see if i can apply . 
  some examples : http://www.lavanguardia.com/local/tarragona/20150304/54428733879/prat-de-comte-trabajo-casa-familias-ninos.html ( village offers house and job ) http://www.acabaconlacrisis.es/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=1263:se-busca-familia-con-ninos-se-ofrece-trabajo-en-un-bonito-pueblo-de-teruel&amp;catid=154:pueblos-de-espana&amp;itemid=3 ( village offers work in a slaugtherhouse and low rent for a family with at least 2 children so they do n't have to close the school ), 
  sounds exactly like spain . 
  [ this is a bit different but i really like it  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uj4_dpaslsc ) `` the enviroment is our biggest ally , thats why protecting it is also a matter of defense , is up to us ( the armed forces ) more than 33 protected natural spaces '' [ this one of the legi\u00f3n , which in my opinion shows the different mentallity of this corp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icetjc9ray4 ) [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaxacg_b6wc ) one for the armed force 's day ( also hottie at 2:46 ), 
   what about puting killers in prison ? 
  is that discrimination against murderers ? 
  why killers and not post office stamp collectors ? 
  discrimination i say !,
