  when asking for a beer , say : `` please not cruzcampo '' . 
  thanks !, 
  damn i cant remember that soviet joke , i loved it . 
  yeah if i want to go stark naked near schools people should shut up and let me live my life . 
  i would like to see an after and before pics of the uniforms . 
  false flag attacks arent a kgb invention ... 
  wtf , its true . 
  maybe i am shadowbanned ? 
  my comment doesnt appear ? 
  try asking someone to build a nuclear plant in their backyard , near the school of their children/hospital , etc. 
  and you will see how people react . 
  all the people want a nuclear plant but no one wants it near their home, 
  cmon , cant romania be a member state for more than 20 seconds ? 
  at least an hour . 
  dick move cern . 
  thats cool !, 
  are you a jew ? 
  why do you have a golden star ? 
  noisy peasants ? 
  i thought we were noisymasterrace . 
  damn you australia this is the last time we let you in eurovision, 
  huh, 
  dude we cant let venezuela win , what are you ? 
  an eta communist suporter ? 
  i wish i knew about it when i was doing my final thesis, 
  god glassdoor is so useful and here in spain nobody knows/uses it . 
  one question , not really related to your question . 
  its true that when people in morocco are invited to a wedding , they leave their jobs for a week without notifying and then return like nothing happened ? 
  i have a friend that is the hr director of a hotel in morocco ( casablanca iirc ) and says that it happens with all the workers ( waitress , cleaners , etc ) and the reason she doesnt fire them is because the next one will do the same . 
  there are some interns that dont get paid ... 
  the thing is that the money is just a helping hand , not a salary , so you can be fucked in the ass for free . 
  junior auditor in the big 4 in spain , salary : 22k/year and a shitload of work . 
  yeah , i wonder how much they pay in the us/uk/france / germany , etc. 
  because kosovo is an unilateral decision of independence and thats what spain is going to veto forever . 
  if scotland and the rest of the uk had an agreement spain wont opose . 
  quickly , we already have them surrounded in our beaches and pubs, 
  cough cough ^ me ^ too, 
  idk , i think charles of wales and juan carlos would be bitching about each other like the old men they are . 
  i think it would be really funny . 
  we could make a big brother or something . 
  ahhh ok , i was n't sure . 
  my bad :p, 
  they will create the royal family union . 
  like the eu but for kings and queens, 
  spain is formed by autonomous communities , portugal would be just one more, 
  technically gibraltar is not the uk , gibraltar is not in the eu , thats why spain could search and stop people at the border . 
  fine by me , if just those bacalau eaters stopped pretending they live in a country , portugal is just an autonomous community, 
  oh god , i hope you are banned forever from / r/lithuaniaspheres for that comic, 
  then they should be antifascist and anticommunist . 
  you can be anticommunist and not being a fascist . 
  your point makes no sense . 
  one of them had an antifascist sticker in his bag . 
  people would think that after the fascist almost destoyed russia the russians would be the most antifascist people ... 
  [ solidarity from spain ] ( http://www.elplural.com/sites/default/files/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/0f1f-275d-tercergobiernovii20022_0.jpg ) all the ministers from the old pm aznar ( famous for this [ photo ] ( http://images.eldiario.es/internacional/blair-bush-aznar-azores-irak_ediima20150806_0606_4.jpg ) before the irak war also for lying to all the country about the terrorist of the bloodiest attack in spain ), 
  i do n't know why we keep puting it in our maps . 
  we have to move on ... 
  i didnt say a thing about russian drills, 
  i think that nato drills contribute to an atmosphere of trust and security in europe , especially in poland and the nato members next to russia , but i also think that nato drills close to russia promotes the perfect excuse to putin , the : `` see , they want to kill us all , all of them , they are training right next to our borders , they are practising to invade us thats why we had to secure crimea and increase our military actions '' wet streets cause rain . 
  electronic intifada ... without knowing much about it i can say safely that this pro israeli propaganda `` newspaper '' wont fool us . 
  yeah , im still waiting for a french apology . 
  those bastards in 1808 burned down the village of my grandma , only 2 houses survived ( one of them the house of my family ), 
  you can travel to a `` secure '' country or to a country next to a country in war , next to isis and with several security problems and bombings . 
  tourism in spain is going up since the arab spring . 
   then why did you build all those bars and hotels ? 
  because spain has one of the biggest ratio of bars and restaurants per inhabitant ( 1 per 129 )  which country is selling drinks for blowjobs ? 
  not ours . 
  we see the demand and we provide the suply . 
   you attracted that market deliberately , now you want to pretend to be a posh destination when it suits . 
  yep , we wanted to atract retarded brits looking to open their heads against the floor doing balconing . 
  we are at a rate of 6-7 each summer but thats just darwin 's law . 
  fair enough , everyone just like a good dick from time to time, 
  its not our fault that people like you just want to come here to get drunk and puke all around , you do n't need cultural significance or romanticism just a good shot of b12 and learn not to suck dicks for drinks . 
  ** edit : ** avoiding generalisation, 
  booing the hymn is nothing worthwhile to say, 
  well , the nsa is spying in everyone : germany , france , etc. 
  ( and those are allies ) so its kinda naive to think that russia ( or china or any country that has something to win from spying ) is n't , at least , trying to get its hands in top secret info . 
  in the region in the region ... not quite unless you consider one third of the world a region . 
  it was in the sea of japan, 
   we can make exceptions for some countries . 
  then the countries that pay will protest , and frankly , with reason . 
  nah not the same sort , in fact giving a gun to a kid is a good way to end detained in spain . 
  also now there are lots of arguments about the schedules of kids . 
  oh and simply say to the organization of parents that you want to teach the kids how to shoot a gun ( apart of them being banned ) and you will have to face the press , also a demand and the people asking for your head . 
  your day has more than 24 h ? 
  spaniard here , not even a chance . 
  why would a kid need to know that ? 
  what a waste of time , those children could be learning something more useful like another language or extra classes of history/economy or whatever . 
  so if madrid for example changes its name , will spain had to pay russia too ? 
  wtf is this ? 
  because the smoke is all kept in your lunges right ? 
  it doesnt come to my fucking face . 
  its like if a person is drinking a beer while moving his arm and throwing beer all around him . 
  https://twitter.com/russian_market/status/731817050860081152/photo/1 well now ukraine has another thing to deal with : the expenses of hosting eurovision , i 'm sure the eu will have to give them the money . 
  counter attack by calling them british, 
   and ohio ? 
  i mean do n't get me wrong ... 
  i hate ohio , but there ai n't much there . 
  exactly , you could have 10 fucking isis sleeping cells there and you wont even notice, 
  we should ban montana aswell but we would need 15 helicopters for 2 months to find the 8 people living there to tell them that they cant come to the eu, 
  [ let 's all remember a classic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_prxi2qa5q8 ),
