  the u.s. embassy in london is this massive building on grosvenor square whose property value must be equal to that of a small countries gdp . 
  it has a giant bronze pigeon on the front and there 's a statue of roosevelt wearing a batman cape . 
  i hard they 're moving into a giant glass cube on the south bank though . 
  no that 's not true . 
  it 's completely possible to have higher expenditure and still have a lower deficit than you would otherwise . 
   it would have been impossible for the government to reduce net expenditure without making inroads into the defecit . 
  but what if there 's a situation where an economy contracts as a direct result of lower government spending ? 
  i do n't mean to imply that spending always implies growth or that lack of spend always implies contraction . 
  we can see however that if the economy were to contract due to lower spending you could end up with an even higher government deficit % gdp . 
  surprised this is so well received here . 
  here we have our home secretary removing citizenship with absolutely no judicial oversight . 
  this is not a healthy precedent . 
  well if the [ cleanfeed filter ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cleanfeed_\\ ( content_blocking_system \\ ) #united _ kingdom ) even gets switched to domain level the whole of reddit could be blocked without user consent . 
  plenty of illegal content on here , technically . 
  imgur got blocked a few times already although iwf/isps did n't mean to block the whole domain . 
  i had n't realised finland were building even more eprs . 
  we wo n't even have our first one fully operational until ~ 2023 . 
  plus finland has a deep geological repository . 
  exactly . 
  banning things simply because they 're not ` our culture ' is authoritarian and xenophobic . 
  real trees ? 
  luxury . 
  [ stockton , uk . 
  this one looks really neat . 
  thanks . 
  pdf files embedded with malicious code are pretty common actually . 
  although i think the main issue people have is that pdf browser plugins tend to crash out . 
  someone put the kettle on then . 
  it 's done that way so that if a page or a browser plugin becomes unresponsive it does n't necessarily block other activities . 
  there are also some marginal security advantages . 
  did you work at an olympic sized swimming pool and commute via double-decker bus ? 
  you need to use a backslash as an escape character because \\ # has some reddit function '' \\ \\ #potato '' --  '' \\ #potato '', 
  \\ #twat edit : did he just call petra a milf ? 
  homoerotic romanians . 
  i think we know who nigel farage is voting for . 
  no point in cutting if reduced growth rates leave deficits as high as ever . 
  either cut at a rational speed or try something else like debt funded expansion . 
  i think either could work if there 's enough political solidarity to be effective . 
  my 2c . 
  this is especially funny as i am currently drinking warm beer . 
  well played sir . 
  he obviously did know though . 
  i was n't even taught latin at school and i knew that one . 
  i think he just did n't want to be seen looking stereotypical oxford etonian . 
  they have this soft drink named kinnie that tastes disgusting . 
   and , do we have to ban things because we do n't like them ? 
  what happened to tolerance ? 
  we should n't ban things just because we do n't like them , and that in my view is a particular problem in my country , however that does n't mean to say we should n't ban things that are considered * harmful * ( if we have a democratic mandate to support the legislation ) , or conversely repealing bans under similar rationale ( say , the irish abortion legislation ) . 
  being open minded does n't necessitate that we accept these ideas ( or cultural values ) but rather only that we are willing to consider them . 
   might be wrong , but i seem to remember some muslim communities in the uk attempting to police / intimidate ( do n't really know what the right word would be ) the areas they lived in . 
  yes , but generally sharia rulings are not legally binding . 
  it 's like how amish communities in america will have their own councils to settle disputes . 
  google glass is coming for you germany . 
  ah , i meant the comment on the nature article where you ripped the paragraph from , 
  second half of that comment was a little odd . 
  shit , i 've been to both these countries and i still did n't realise until looking at the comments . 
  every time i tried to make this same point on / r/unitedkingdom i 've been shot down . 
  for whatever reasons people do genuinely see sport hunting and eating as very different activities , even though in a wealthy country such as mine it 's evidently that both activities are generally optional and for our own pleasure . 
  we are doing better than some eurozone countries , certainly , however bear in mind that our employment statistics do n't tell the full story . 
  we can see that our gdp is stagnating , but we also see that employment is up , so even without looking at the breakdown on employment it looks likely that much of this work will have to be part time or low productivity . 
  and that is the case , looking at it in more detail we do see that full-time paid employment is down quite a bit , especially for young people . 
  essentially , do n't trust the government numbers because , * workfare counts as employed ( because they contribute towards economic output even if they only get paid # 50 / # 70 for a full weeks work ) . 
  * certain types of unpaid work is included , internships etc * those working part time on very low pay will also count as employed e.g 16 hours a week on minimum wage * unemployed that do n't sign on are n't unemployed in the statistics, 
  uk , however only because my german is weak . 
  if i knew the language better i 'd choose germany . 
  i think it 's a slightly better place to live in most regards . 
  few people are aware that the eu does in fact already have a coat of arms . 
  [ this is the official one . 
   i suppose , really , at this stage civilian nuclear power was just part of the process for developing nuclear weapons , essentially as part of the post-wwii anti-soviet maneovring . 
  yep . 
  in fact what happened at windscale was a direct result of the race to demonstrate nuclear weapons ( before the nuclear weapons treaty ) . 
  ah , ok . my apologies . 
  thought you were suggesting more that we should do less things in order to save energy . 
   then the ** best policy is to reduce the consumption of energy ** , and environmental charters are about that . 
   you see , ** the only austerity that really matter is the one about not wasting natural resources ** , especially when you have to import most of them , as is he case in the uk . 
  you 're way off on mark here i think . 
  if there are to be reductions then they will need to come from efficiency savings not direct cuts that impact the quality of human living ( be that an elderly person not able to heat their home or a wealthy businessman flying aboard for work ) . 
  best policy in my view is to invest in clean ( / cleaner ) energy production . 
  besides , asking people to drastically change their lifestyle for the worse does n't really work anyway . 
  tragedy of the commons or whatever . 
   you can expand on wind energy , a source for which you do not have to pay external providers , you could innovate in sea energy source , be they waves , currents or tides . 
  well , we 're already building the worlds largest offshore windfarm and we 've starting to build nuclear again . 
  decades of mismanagement and short-termism has meant we 're a poor position though . 
  [ man dressed as batman hands suspect to british police , vanishes into night ] ( http://www.wired.com/underwire/2013/03/batman-england/ ), 
  are you a poe ? 
   if your knowledge is limited to regurgitating what a biased organisation with a specific agenda that sets it against my country spews , then we have nothing else to talk about . 
  ** the # 120bn figure that you quoted is sourced from tax research uk . 
  ** i am not endorsing them , in fact i even said that i do n't consider gibraltar a tax haven to the degree that [ they do ] ( http://www.taxresearch.org.uk/blog/2011/11/16/gibraltar-just-another-sordid-little-tax-haven-supported-by-the-uk/ ) . 
  again , like i said before , the 120bn figure is widely considered to be inaccurate and an overestimate . 
   if i 'd known your words were from something you 'd google 'd and not your own research/experience i could 've saved myself from wasting all the replies on you i did too . 
  i do not endorse this organisation . 
  if you actually had read my post you would see that i was disagreeing with the 120bn statistic which is sourced from them . 
  but it 's the gaming tax that we 've been discussing for the past few posts ? 
   when are you gon na reform the legislation to recover the # 120bn in tax evasion you allow your corporations to get away with ? 
  this # 120bn figure is widely considered to be inaccurate and an overestimate . 
  it 's also not just tax evasion but tax avoidance too ( and presumably some of issues we 've discussed in regards to gibraltar have been factored into this figure anyway ... ) . 
  in fact , funnily enough the organisation that originally came up the figure considers gibraltar a tax haven to a far greater degree than i do . 
  it 's called tax research uk . 
   how many businesses that operate in the uk would have to be shut down if you got your way ? 
  no doubt none at all .
