is n't this the same index that puts usa at # 1 for healthcare because they spend the most ? 
  maybe i am doing legatum institute an injustice but i get the feeling they have some odd methodology . 
  it 's not like these tech companies are paupers . 
  based on my calculations apple alone have enough cash reserves to to build an actual moonbase . 
  yes , exactly . 
  and consider the 49 turkish hostages taken by isil earlier this year at mosul . 
  they were given back to turkey on 20th september . 
  the turkish security agencies maintain that `` no ransom was paid '' . 
  clearly this is a nonsense . 
  erdogan must have made concessions . 
  the kurdish claim that one such concession was a train with tanks and other military supplies being conveniently left for isil . 
  i think this is an entirely reasonable claim to be making , especially given ankara 's obvious fears about kurdish nationalism in rojava and elsewhere . 
  is this map correct ? 
  should look like this : http://i.imgur.com/p0hyms4.png, 
  it was widely reported in both american and european media but as far as i can tell there 's little solid evidence that it actually happened . 
  the bank never confirmed the story and the ceo of iraq 's banking organisation claims nothing was stolen . 
   what are they exactly ? 
  it is totally not a tax haven . 
  nope . 
  certainly not . 
  nothing to see here . 
  move along . 
  they might be able to rebuild k\u00f6nigsberg but can they walk around the town in such a way that each bridge is only crossed once ? 
  interesting read . 
  thanks . 
  when they talk of red tape and bureaucracy what they mean is a the proposed tax on financial transactions . 
   last night , ukip deputy leader paul nuttall said : ` tory meps are dripping with hypocrisy . 
  they may criticise the eu 's waste of taxpayers ' money by press release , but in reality no one does it better than they do . 
  it 's outrageous . ' hah . 
  could be the climate change policies . 
  plenty of bad press here regarding harper government , kyoto , tar sands , relatively high emissions and similar . 
  last night bbc 's horizon featured segment on food security . 
  a team of scientists from rothamsted research developing crops to produce omega-3 ( which would make fish farming more sustainable and reduce malnutrition ) . 
  worth a watch if you are interested in gmos . 
  i am not sure that 's necessarily true . 
  even now the central government has trouble controlling the actions of regional administrations . 
  not in the uk apparently . 
  looks the same as usual . 
  5 % hotel occupancy rate in some regions now :( apparently the dnipro hotel in kiev just sacked their own ( government appointed ) director . 
  they blocked him from getting into the building and forced him to write a resignation letter on the steps outside . 
  now you have a million irrelevant votes !, 
  the united states was also directly involved in setting up a more amicable government in indonesia . 
  this culminated in cia supported communist purges during the 1960s in which hundreds of thousands were killed . 
  not sure what it could be . 
  [ do you dress like this ? 
  especially confusing since the russian government have their own white house . 
  here 's a tool to test whether your isp is traffic shaping flash videos ( uses java plug-in , sorry ! ), 
  does anyone have a link to the discussion paper ? 
  i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  it sounds odd but plenty of philosophers and scientists do say we should treat dolphins as non-humans persons . 
  what sanctions are left ? 
  we do business with cuba all the time here in uk . 
  you just have to be careful not to pay them via american owned bank etc. 
  plus that weird red upholstery makes ukrainian parliament look like a poor mans house of lords . 
  is the stream down ? 
  you know how when you slap or flap meat , it makes a noise ? 
  they talk by flapping their meat at each other . 
  they can even sing by squirting air through their meat . 
  disgusting creatures . 
  it is total expenditure however it is also broken down by public and private spending . 
  so most of the public expenditure must be paid for through tax revenue . 
   what other common misconceptions about europe are there ? 
  that we spend significantly larger proportion of our tax money on healthcare as compared to the usa . 
  [ health expenditure as a share of gdp , 2009 ] ( http://www.oecd.org/media/oecdorg/satellitesites/newsroom/48294761hd2011fr.png ), 
  plus the reason as to why the uk has this large number of polish newborns is not because poles have disproportionately larger families but rather because migrants are much closer to childbearing age as compared to the average briton . 
  reminds me of [ japan 's heike crabs ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dieyphcj1b8 ) . 
  they look like samurai because for many hundreds of years suspicious fishermen throw them back into the sea . 
  it 's usually considered a markup language rather than a programming language as html only really adds context and structure to a text output . 
  that said you could still be considered a coder when creating html but you would be generating markup code rather than a list of instructions for a computer to execute . 
   you can build a basic website without using anything else . 
  now code a http server in html !, 
  naa those american military bases are pretty good at propping up many rural economies here in uk . 
  it 's the american influence over gchq and similar that i am worried about . 
  ah , i missed that note on the graphic . 
  clearly i should go work for scientific american . 
  it could also mean they do more ` near to market ' research whereas other countries are doing science for its own sake . 
  \u11ae shit \u1102 almost \u5350 there we go, 
  i would avoid public toilets in turkey . 
  i remember entering one at istanbul 's central bus station and the floor was literally shit . 
  * smelling of foreign food . 
  * looking at me in a funny way . 
  * walking on the cracks in the pavement . 
  thanks . 
  interesting video . 
  in fairness there is a gentrification of london which is forcing out the less well-heeled . 
  the idea that people should ` just move ' reeks of social cleansing . 
  i think this is in part driven by foreign property owners because that overseas investment does appear to make it increasingly difficult for local workers to live near the employment hotspots - ultimately displacing less-well off communities . 
  we do not have a capital gains tax on the sale of second homes that are owned by overseas investors . 
  so that might explain why we have so much foreign investment in london property . 
  edit/disclaimer : not defending that second comment . 
  you make a very good point but would n't it be easier to depeg the ltl from eur if shit hits the fan in the eurozone ? 
   how can homosexuality be evolutionary sane ? 
  i do n't know why anyone would care whether homosexuality can be explained by evolution or not but here are some ideas scientists have about that , http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn13674-evolution-myths-natural-selection-cannot-explain-homosexuality.html#.usdvn_rdvli, 
  thankfully we no longer equate * normality * with morality any more . 
  is that you putin ? 
  ah , so pragmatism a euphemism for forced disappearances and other human right violations ... 
   `` we spent two months in a russian jail cell and 100 days detained for a crime we did n't commit '' what ? 
  there are videos showing them quite clearly boarding the oil rig ... what were they charged with ? 
  on the mainland they could incinerate it like the swedish do . 
  maybe we would do that too if not for nimbys .
