   the only reason your country is n't doing the same shit is because you do n't have the money to do it anymore . 
  let 's not pretend otherwise . 
  no , not everyone is evil like the us . 
  we do n't have as many resources as the us because we are a smaller country , but if we wanted to , there 's no reason that we could n't invest a lot more money into the military and start bombing people largely indiscriminately in the middle east . 
  like signature strikes `` we kinda sorta thought the phone was associated with a terrorist , so we used an automated system to bomb a wedding full of innocent people ''  ever heard of the term swiss bank account ? 
  the term comes from us companies and rich people doing all their banking in switzerland to avoid the taxes here , no matter what laws we have . 
  it 's not just switzerland , there are a few more major tax havens around the world . 
  but there 's a lot more that can be done against this practice . 
  the usa however , is barely trying to , because your highly corrupt politicians are in the pockets of the wealthy through practices like campaign contributions , lobbyism and giving politicians lucrative jobs after their political careers , to name a few things . 
  sure , that 's exactly what i said . 
  it 's more like they do n't care what they do to people outside their country . 
  you 're the clown for trying to deny that the usa is n't murdering many innocent people in the middle east . 
  you do n't actually * believe * that the usa is not murdering innocent civilians by the thousands in the middle east , do you ? 
   well , i mean , it happened at around the same time we launched that coup in iran ... and that 's never forgotten or treated like it 's too far in the past ... 
  things done in the past can be forgiven if you have learned from it and you do not do it anymore . 
  the usa however , does not learn and is still destabilizing the middle east and other regions of the world to feed its war machine , fueled again by epic legalized corruption of american politicians . 
   an i 've seen , at least personally , way more americans recognize both our historical & modern faults than the dutch their 's . 
   in fact , you almost seem to know more about our history & mistakes than your own from what i 've seen . 
  kinda makes me wonder if you most of you even know that you used to have colonies ot the horror that happened there . 
  you 're wrong , i know the history of many countries including the usa , netherlands , many european countries and outside . 
  also i admit that the netherlands has done wrong things in the past , now are you going to admit what an epic genocidal corrupt cluster fuck of evil the usa still is today ? 
   but ... lol ... ai n't shit tax-related in america compares to wtf you got going on . 
  no , american tax evasion is on a much grander scale . 
  they pay absolutely zero tax in many cases . 
  and politicians allow these tax loopholes to exist because of corruption . 
  holland could definitely use improvement but the usa 's system is far worse as i highlighted earlier . 
  that happened far in the past , and we have recognized what we did wrong and corrected it . 
  the usa however , is mass murdering innocent people across the world as we speak . 
  also , you want to talk about tax havens ? 
  in the usa , many of the large corporations pay zero tax because of tax loopholes and arguably have negative tax since they get pointless subsidies of billions of dollars held in place by highly corrupt politicians , and there is a regressive income tax system . 
  an american calling holland a tax haven ... what a joke . 
  whatever bad you can find about the netherlands , the usa has it 10 times worse . 
  is there even oil in these countries that can be fracked ? 
  not * would * but * should *, 
  he targeted poles for execution , but that does n't mean that he was racist to poles , because poles are not a race by any stretch of the imagination beyond `` race means whatever is convenient for you at the time '', 
  that 's rich . 
  you give me an entire article as an argument . 
  a wikipedia article at that , written by random people and moderated by political correctness enforcers . 
  let me try : https://www.google.com/search?q=race, 
  arguably yes , if we just redefine race to mean anything i want it to mean . 
  brilliant . 
  so you want to change the laws because of a few hundred british assholes abusing the system . 
  it would n't work anyway , they 'd report it within 24 hrs of the return flight after arriving home and use corrupt british doctors . 
  the article says turnover . 
  are british people a race ? 
  so , what do you think should be done about this ? 
  just lie there and take it ? 
  interesting that the fine is based on global turnover instead of the turnover in the eu . 
  just the costs that the government incurred in processing the immigrants . 
  that 'll give those countries a financial incentive to help prevent illegal immigration . 
  do n't pretty much all of those countries already have very strict visa requirements for going to the eu though ? 
  we ca n't deport a bunch of mass murdering foreigners , therefore i want to remove freedom from torture for everybody in the eu . 
   if it were up to my immediate emotional response , i 'd line up every single person that has been verified to have travelled to syria to fight for isis and just shoot them . 
  i 'm against execution as a punishment . 
  i 'd just deport them to wherever they came from , what happens to them there is their problem . 
  just against giving foreigners the right to stay when they want to mass murder . 
  it 's not selective either . 
  different laws apply to immigrants until they are naturalized and become full citizens . 
  and even then , i think that revoking citizenship from terrorists with double nationality also makes sense . 
  it 's not selectively applying rights . 
  the law should apply regardless of skin color or cultural background . 
  it should just be a criminal punishment just like imprisonment . 
  they do n't deserve to live here . 
  i am actually a proponent of humane treatment of prisoners in general . 
  just not of allowing mass murdering foreigners to come and stay . 
  wow you got me . 
  you 're a genius of deductive reasoning . 
  i 'm not victim blaming . 
  i 'm just saying that if anybody has to die because people do n't want to deport terrorists , then it should be the people who want to maintain those policies . 
  that does n't mean that i 'm blaming them . 
  * sigh * how many times do i have to explain this ? 
  these policies will ** inevitably ** result in more mass murders , so the people responsible for the policies that cause the mass murders should be the victims of them , instead of everybody else . 
  i 'm not wishing death to anybody . 
  read again . 
  i do n't want these things to happen , but they are inevitable , so when people are inevitably victimized because of these policies , i 'd rather it be the ones that are responsible for those policies . 
  it does enable mass murderers . 
  these people will convert others in jail who will murder more innocent people and also a lot of these people will go free after their jail term , and they 'll be free to do so themselves . 
   the terrorists that the countries ca n't deal with go around and commit terrorists acts again . 
  i thought your prime objective was protecting innocent people . 
  this is an argument to basically take in all terrorists from all the world 's countries that ca n't deal with them . 
  ok , let 's commence building facilities in europe to house all criminals from all poor countries in the world . 
  that is to say , most of them . 
  preferably where you live . 
  our human rights laws are from a different age , designed under different circumstances . 
  now our human rights laws just enable mass murder . 
  i do n't see how it is wrong to hope that the proponents of a policy pay the inevitable cost of it , instead of everybody else . 
  `` our system is based on the idea that protecting one guilty person is worth more than protecting 100 innocent ones . '', 
  fixed, 
  ok , so europe should take in the world 's criminals , because their own countries ca n't take care of them properly . 
  got it . 
  do n't see why we have to take in foreign criminals only to spend resources to lock them up permanently . 
  deport them to the countries that they came from instead . 
  `` hey , innocent dead person , we could 've prevented you from getting murdered , but we just had to protect your murderer first . 
  that 's just where our priorities lie . '', 
  a system that enables mass murderers is not a working judicial system . 
  i do n't want terrorist attacks to happen , but i just hope that if they do , it 's the people that want to keep them here that pay the price . 
  yeah , would n't want anything bad to happen to mass murderers . 
  our human rights laws force us to take in and keep in people who are out to mass murder us . 
  go tell that to the future murdered victims of these people . 
  to keep people in the country that want to murder random innocent people .
