  woohoo , way to go . 
  how many american terrorists have we had in europe ? 
  he says , completely unconcerned for the human rights of their future victims . 
  but who cares about their human rights right ? 
  they 're not muslims . 
  honestly , i think that in europe we tend to go overboard with human rights . 
  i thought maybe it was a joke because of the shape . 
  but that 'd require the mods to have a sense of humor . 
  when i mention that i am dutch , a lot of foreigners think i 'm from germany because it 's so similar to deutsch . 
  maybe the word dutch was actually derived from deutsch because of confusion . 
   you misunderstand , it 's for assaulting and maiming two women with a group of men . 
  well , earlier you seemed to justify reacting with physical violence to verbal abuse , so i 'm sorry if you did n't mean that . 
  even though it 's probably wrong , i would n't lose any sleep over a bunch of assholes like that getting their asses kicked . 
  also i 'm an atheist . 
   oh so i guess it 's all white people 's fault again !, 
   i for one would very much have liked to have been present with some able friends that sunday morning with the lesbian couple to show the attackers something about fighting like a `` kerel '' . 
  beating the shit out of people for insulting you . 
  gtfo , you 're no better than the muslims who attack people for insulting their religion . 
  it 's also illegal and you 'd deservedly go to jail for that if caught . 
   well i guess we 'll just have to disagree on that . 
  ok , you 'd be right at home with the muslims then , in regards to feeling justified in responding to insults physically . 
  except that you 'd get murdered by them without those evil white people to protect you from them . 
  getting tired of this ...  16 million homophobes ok . 
  happy ? 
  the entire world is out to get you , especially white people . 
  maybe you should move to morocco or some middle eastern country , and walk the streets holding hands there . 
  i 'm sure you 'd receive a lot less abuse there , and feel far safer . 
   when one of the three tall hostile men started intimidatingly walking next to them ( after already having send some insults their way ) , she grabbed his jacket and told him to leave them alone , yes . 
  i guess you could technically say that this is `` initiating physical contact '' , but i find the implication you seem to be leaving there a bit worrying . 
  none of what happened there should 've happened , and people should mind their own business and not insult random strangers on the streets for no reason , but you 're crossing a line when you grab or otherwise touch someone for verbally abusing you , no matter what your gender or sexual orientation is . 
  that 's not to say that their response was justified , but you just do n't do that . 
  if one tiny group is responsible for a hugely disproportionate amount of problems with gay people , then it makes sense to target them . 
   word on the street is that it was a moroccan guy . 
  word on the street is that word on the street is bullshit and unreliable , prone to wishful thinking and many other types of bias . 
   this makes me laugh . 
  i 've met a ton of dutch folks that disapprove of gay people . 
  we tolerate , remember ? 
  does n't mean we like them . 
  nobody that i know has ever expressed anti-gay sentiment . 
  not my family , friends or anyone i grew up with at school , or even anybody that i 've ever known well enough . 
  even the idiots . 
  whether people are gay or not is just not on people 's minds and makes no difference to them . 
  maybe you 're just from a backwards area . 
  i read the facebook post . 
  it seems like a strange story . 
  it does n't say that the helper was a moroccan either , just an unknown person with a `` tint '' , ie could be anyone that is not completely white ( so you 're jumping to conclusions to support a narrative that you like ) . 
  also while those idiots started insulting them , even their own account says that one of the lesbians initiated physical contact . 
  i always get a lot of hate for it , but honestly i think that nuclear energy is highly underrated . 
  it 's clean , it just generates radioactive waste but dealing with that is n't that big of a problem . 
  and it wo n't be long before we can just catapult it into the sun . 
  it just needs to be properly regulated to avoid meltdowns and leaks . 
  but politicians too often capitulate to nuclear energy companies and are far too lenient with them . 
  it is sickening . 
  but i do n't see any mention of which descent the attackers or the helper were . 
  if they do have a cultural dutch background , i just do n't get where the gay-hate is coming from . 
  it makes sense in an economic way , but i think that renewable energy should be stimulated . 
  thus no sun tax . 
  edit : i watched the video , and the problem seems to be that the government is taxing solar panels to the point of not being able to profit from them at all - ie solar power costs more than grid power . 
   there has been a recent string of anti-gay attacks in the north , all committed by either dutch or mixed groups . 
  references ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  regardless of what the case is , moroccans are highly over represented when it comes to attacks against homosexual people , compared to their percentage of the population . 
  theo van gogh , `` van '' means `` of '' , you do n't capitalize that word ... foreigners often get that wrong . 
  and yeah ... 
  but that was aimed at one person , i was thinking more about attacks against random groups of civilians . 
  if you tally up all the deaths from muslim terrorist attacks vs the ones from christian ones , you 'll probably still find that the tally for muslims is disproportionately high compared to their percentage of the population . 
  right , gunning down random groups of innocent people on the streets is just part of the `` american way of life '' . 
  you guys had a few shootings by muslims though . 
  they have to form a majority in parliament . 
  basically every party has a few parties that they do n't want to work with . 
  nobody wants to work with the second biggest party , and most of the parties of the left have very strong differences with the party on the right that has the most votes and is responsible for forming the ruling coalition . 
  so yeah it 's a mess . 
  barely . 
  millions of innocent deaths and widespread institutionalized racism that a lot of those countries are still dealing with . 
  in a lot of cases , the british redrew the borders of countries , putting opposed groups together , which is still driving a lot of conflicts around the globe right now . 
  many of the world 's current conflicts can be traced back to the groundwork laid by the british . 
  and those things are just the top of the iceberg . 
  we have plenty of radical muslims and the hague and amsterdam do have international significance . 
  most of them are 2nd generation muslim immigrants that came from the middle east . 
  i wonder the same about the netherlands . 
  there were problems but it 's _ nothing _ compared to british colonialism ... or the spanish colonialism of your ancestors . 
  british colonialism however , has been such a positive force in the world , right ? 
   and bloody legacies in the modern world rivaled easily by the british . 
  that 's also wrong , still , those weapons probably were n't made in the netherlands . 
  they 're sold to reduce military spending . 
  we 're not making and selling the weapons that others are murdering innocent people with . 
  and i vote for anti-war politicians . 
  `` god 's little cow '', 
  training to murder innocent people . 
  they are __ building them the weapons __ that they are going to murder those people with , and profiting from it . 
  france better not start crying later on because they used those fighters to murder innocent people across the world . 
  that 's inevitable . 
  i hate 30c ... basically from 17-18 its t-shirt weather for me . 
  17-25 is optimal . 
  25-30 is doable but high 20 's is uncomfortable . 
  over 30 and it 's hard to deal with for me . 
  i ca n't concentrate and sweat all the time . 
  it should all be completely legalized , regulated and inspected to make sure it 's safe . 
  why do they think that ? 
   11-14 \u00b0 c is pretty much optimal for ** finnish people ** fixed,
