  i think it 's pretty much always the case . 
  and when somebody thinks they found an exception , it 's usually just that person being naive , using mental gymnastics and making bad excuses for them . 
  i 've seen so much hypocrisy , and so much corruption ( in western countries it 's mostly legalized corruption , like campaign contributions , corporate lobbyists and lucrative jobs for politicians after their careers ) , and politicians abandoning their principles for power mongering that i have no faith in the political system anymore at all . 
  i 've become completely cynical . 
  for a while it stressed me out , but now i 'm just an indifferent observer . 
  it is pointless to get upset at things i ca n't control anyway . 
  because groenlinks wanted open borders for massive amounts of economic migrants and basically anyone who wants to come . 
  it 's because their members are highly suspected of having ties to the turkish government , and normally the party leader gets access to a lot of the most sensitive national intelligence . 
  i would n't discount the idea that some of the self-hating leftist parties would enter into a coalition with them , but it is the vvd , a right wing party , that gets to design the coalition because they got the most votes . 
  when choosing politicians it 's always the lesser of the evils, 
   `` do n't let your daughter become a nigger-toy '' i accidentally spit out my drink when i read about politicians saying this, 
  swedistan, 
  encrypt the data and nobody can even know what you are downloading , so they ca n't selectively limit what you are downloading either . 
  the networks are decentralized by downloading the information from other peers , instead of a centralized server , which is how torrents generally work currently , with a tracker server and webserver , both of which can be shut down . 
  do you think that 'd work for people who are n't residents there ? 
  usually when you are in a foreign country , you get a prepaid card instead of a subscription . 
  anyway , with the new eu rules , i 'll be able to use my subscription from holland . 
  i think you replied this to the wrong comment . 
  i know , that 's why i said `` trying '' . 
   holders of passports issued by the following countries and territories are able to visit canada without obtaining a visa for a period of up to six months ...  all european union citizens, 
  only a german would say that a litre of beer per 3 days * average * is not a lot . 
  and even then , exclude the people who do n't drink and the average will go far higher . 
  if it is decentralized , hosting is no longer necessary , plus there are plenty of places outside of the eu with lax laws that can still host piracy websites . 
  whoever you think `` they '' is , they ca n't stop it . 
  there are ~ 196 countries in the world , depending on who you ask . 
  irish passport holders have visa-free , visa on arrival or easy e-visa access to 172 of them . 
  a lot of them are free though . 
  protected by political correctness . 
  many of them probably moved on to other forms of piracy . 
  there 's many easy ways to do it outside of tpb or torrents . 
  did it cost you money ? 
  it sounds to me like you and your sister thought you needed a visa for nz but you really do n't . 
  i mean , just because you do n't need a visa , does n't mean that you ca n't apply for one . 
  in australia you need a visa but it is basically a rubber stamping process , you have to apply for it online and it is for free and they are issued in 1-3 days only . 
  if you paid for one , you did it wrong . 
  as a eu citizen you do n't need a visa for most of the countries in the world , so do your research before you go . 
  if they shut down the major torrent sites , another technology will become popular , is what i meant . 
  it 'll happen . 
  the future is a totally decentralized network that has no servers that can be shut down . 
  they exist already , but still have n't gained mass popularity as far as i know , but if you shut down all the major torrent sites , i think they will . 
  here it is from the horse 's mouth : https://www.immigration.govt.nz/new-zealand-visas/apply-for-a-visa/tools-and-information/general-information/visa-waiver-countries government of new zealand says that the irish do n't need a visa to go there . 
  125 litres of beer per adult per year - holy shit, 
  by trying to shut down the websites that distribute them , i guess . 
  when was this ? 
  i have one of those fancy smartphones , albeit for a few years at a time , not so that i can run taxing apps but so that i can make nice holiday pictures since my phone also functions as my camera . 
  will be very useful for my trip around the baltic sea starting next month . 
  use it while it lasts , my guess is that after a while , carriers will start cracking down on people who travel a lot and interpret the rules creatively . 
  there 's vague wording about having `` ties to the country where the phone company is '' that can easily be abused . 
  it 's pointless . 
  every time in history that they succeeded in shutting down a major network for internet piracy , a different one has popped up and become popular . 
  oh yeah aaaaaaaaaaaaah trade deals yeaaaaaaah, 
  i never said do n't help them , but help them where they live . 
  true, 
  the eu is already in a fight with russia . 
  get it shipped from north america , or hell i 'd even rather get it from iran than russia . 
  so you masturbate to financial times articles then ? 
  oh right sorry , i was confused with another reddit post . 
  cut myself how, 
  the eu needs to stop acting like a pussy , get it 's natural resources elsewhere , embargo russia and strangle their economy until they come begging for mercy . 
  russia does n't do anything good ... that 's why it 's always in negative news . 
  it 's behind a paywall . 
  i do n't know what he 's talking about , irish people can already travel freely to nz and aus . 
  weird because nz and aus have visa free travel for irish people . 
  pretty sure that every european can already travel to canada and stay for 6 months ... so dunno what the 30 days is about . 
  the dutch word for seal is `` zeehond '' ... literally translated `` seadog '', 
  that 'd cause a massive amount of jobs from europe to move to india . 
  half the fucking continent of africa is either in a civil war or is otherwise in civil turmoil . 
  then there 's a huge amount of people who are starving , are in deep poverty or are dying of preventable illnesses . 
  that 's not even mentioning all the countries on other continents with these problems . 
  does that mean that europe should take in a billion people because if you stretch the definition of refugee far enough , a huge part of the world 's population would qualify ? 
  that 'd just be the start . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of economic migrants * not refugees * that `` need resettling '' . 
  plus they are people who do n't even want to be resettled , bring them to hungary and they 'll go right back to germany or sweden because that 's where all the government handouts are . 
  they 're not refugees anymore when they travel through safe countries to get to the countries where they can get the best economic benefits . 
  they 're just economic migrants . 
  i did n't lie . 
  those people are from all over north and central africa . 
  they 're not refugees . 
  and even if they were , and you are for taking those people in , taking in all the poor people from africa would easily double the european population and completely destroy what they are trying to get to anyway . 
  nobody should be forced to take in massive amounts of economic immigrants . 
  the immigrants who came to italy were never refugees , they are economic immigrants who traveled from libya and a few other north african countries and they came mostly from countries around the sahara . 
  also , those immigrants are n't even interested in going to those countries . 
  bring them there , and they will instantly leave those countries and travel to the wealthier countries in western europe . 
  particularly how saturated their own political system is with corruption , controlled by lobbyists , populated by politicians who benefit the corporations they have jobs at and will get jobs at again after their political career etc. 
  they call it a digital single market but that 's not true . 
  they put restrictions on it so that you can still only buy a subscription from your own country . 
  the ngo ships are right in front of the african coast , so what are you going to do ? 
  shoot the ngo ships when they try to ferry them back ? 
  it 's not just democracy - credible international polling organizations show massive support for putin 's policies among russians . 
  you ca n't equate the state of nk 's and russia 's democracy . 
  idiocy is n't . 
  there 's a difference . 
  nk 's citizens are forced to live in a dictatorship . 
  russia is somewhat a democracy and they are massively in favor of their current leadership . 
  they can be held accountable for what their country does . 
  russia is not a competing power to germany . 
  it 's economy is garbage compared to germany , and even then it relies heavily on natural resources . 
  the only thing that they have is a bloated military that they are spending far more money on than they should , given the state of their country . 
  it is a matter of public record at this point that russia has been funding far right parties in europe . 
  nothing to do with conspiracies .
