  oh my god its almost 20 degrees in some places . 
  are you guys going to be alright ? 
   well , this happened with every generation before so what do i know . 
  nope, 
  stop calling them refugees !, 
  they are economic migrants trying to get from a safe country to a very specific country . 
   so unless you want to claim that somehow miraculously people heard about it insatnly all over north africa and the middle east and flocked within a month to europe it 's called social media , and they have it in the middle east and africa as well . 
   the first thing to say is that mrs merkel made several grave miscalculations by throwing open the gates of germany with so little forethought . 
  she apparently failed to anticipate how quickly , in the age of social media , that message be transmitted back to the several million middle east refugees who unsurprisingly preferred the prospect of a future in germany to hopeless limbo in turkey . 
  as a result , they came in their hundreds of thousands -- nearly 200,000 arrived to the greek islands in october alone -- many bearing pictures of mrs merkel , telling the tv crews and border guards alike that `` angela said we could come '' . 
  also , according to that image that you showed , the numbers were n't even close to a million yet at that time . 
  sure , lets not take any lessons from the past and rely on naive assumptions instead of how this generation of muslim immigrants is going to act so much better than the previous ones . 
  then we can repeat the same mistakes in the next immigration crisis . 
  and the next . 
  never learn anything . 
  just assume that that generation is going to be different . 
   in reality after her decision it started to wind down for that year ( though not because of it ) . 
  all the so-called refugees ( economic migrants ) combined in germany , sweden and the other western countries that received smaller but still significant amounts . 
   i 'm szure you have some statistical prove for immigration streams having increased since that decision and are n't just pulling that out of your ass . 
  why do n't you set a good example and prove that merkel 's invitation did n't cause a massive increase of refugees ( really economic migrants who were only interested in going to wealthy countries ) because they were all in europe already as you say ? 
  that was your claim to begin with . 
  yes , many are already here , but at least a portion of further attacks can be prevented by actually enforcing the borders of europe . 
   merkel was n't the one who bombed lybia or iraq or syria to shit and created this refugee crisis to begin with . 
  she made a hard and necessary choice when refugees were clogging up the railway stations in hungary . 
  sure , we could have just closed our borders and let austria and hungary choke on them too . 
  haha good one . 
  were there ~ 2 million refugees stuck in hungary and austria at the time ? 
  she caused the refugee stream to * explode * . 
   not really . 
  it was done in the name of cutting wages of low skill jobs and goverments being too lazy to do anything for regulating immigration . 
  `` multiculturalism '' had nothing to do with it . 
  angela merkel , which people here seem to see as the anti-christ of the multikulti-apocalypse . 
  said already years ago that `` multiculturalism has failed '' and decried it as a bad thing . 
  immigration being done ` for ' cultural diversity , rather than that just being a side-effect of it , is a anglo thing and even there its just a front not a reason . 
  i said partially . 
  i 'm just telling you what the left wing have always said in holland and how they justified an open border policy for a long time . 
  and merkel sure has a funny way of showing her awareness of how multiculturalism failed , by throwing fuel onto the fire . 
  it does , actually . 
  having a lot of muslim immigrants and getting more of them was always stimulated partially in the name of multiculturalism , and thus it was supposed to be a good thing . 
  also , the muslims that are committing these terrorist acts are actually from a wide range of cultures . 
  western people tend to see them as similar but that 's only because they do n't know ... 
  they think that syrian people look the same as pakistanis and afghanis and tunisians look the same as moroccans etc. 
  if you 're referring to the various separatist movements , it 's different . 
  this time it 's outsiders coming to europe that are doing it . 
  something that can be prevented if politicians take their heads out of their asses . 
  do n't see why he 's not allowed to point that out . 
  suspicion is usually based on some evidence . 
  they 're not interested in going east, 
  you 're actually wrong there . 
  if there is evidence that someone is preparing a terrorist attack , they can be locked up . 
  i 'm already used to it ... 
  it used to be shocking when there was a terrorist attack in europe . 
  oh , just wait until terrorists in europe discover drone suicide attacks . 
  ** then ** we 're fucked . 
  pfft real men do n't justify war and just take the -3 stab hit, 
  the warning system is how it used to be . 
  not anymore . 
  now with newer devices they just limit the volume and there 's nothing you can do to increase it . 
  that 's how it is for me anyway . 
  my phone broke and i got a new phone of the same model ( warranty replacement ) , and this happened . 
  i had to install a volume booster app , newer phones ca n't play music loud enough because of these stupid limits . 
  people should be able to decide for themselves . 
  i do n't think mass surveillance and compromising civilian information security are vote winners . 
  not here at least . 
  i think it is just because politicians and people working for intelligence agencies are hungry for power . 
  information is power . 
  it also helps with corporate espionage . 
  a lot of politicians are just shills for the corporations that they came from and will go back to after their political careers . 
  there can be lots of reasons . 
  islamic terrorism is just used as an excuse by western governments to advocate for backdoors . 
  if they do it , i think it likely would n't be official orders from the government , but soft manipulation by intelligence agencies . 
  i hope it passes . 
  but it would be difficult to enforce . 
  an intentional backdoor can easily be made to look like just an accidental bug/security oversight . 
  ah , i always thought of as finland being similar to the other countries in the area . 
  i 'll find out soon enough anyway , i 'm going to travel to all 4 of those countries this summer . 
  how are the locals doing ? 
  are they having problems with 40c at all or are they used to it and just doing everything normally ? 
  is n't it a bit coldish in spain/portugal in christmas though , aside from maybe the southern regions ? 
  i prefer 20-25ish degrees . 
  when i go to the iberian peninsula i 'll probably go in the spring or autumn . 
  i 'd barely be able to think ... where are you from originally ? 
  because that is when the school holidays are . 
  i 'd be unable to do anything in that temperature . 
  ah yes , i had noticed the difference in how sweden and norway handle the immigrant influx . 
  norway seems more against taking them in . 
  why do you think that , even though sweden and norway are so culturally similar , this aspect is so different ? 
  if you have any explanation at all . 
  also i could n't help but notice that you did n't put finland in the list of similar scandinavian countries . 
  do you think they are very different ? 
  in what ways ? 
  why does sweden annoy the other countries ? 
  norway has a tense relationship with sweden ? 
  i 'm sure that they 'd want as many votes from as many groups as possible , but i do n't think that those groups themselves are engaged with them much . 
  not really , they cater just to moroccan and middle eastern minorities . 
  they do n't seem to have much appeal to for example the chinese minority , indian , indonesian , caribbean etc. 
  op , if i am reading the code right , pvda can never be in a coalition ( the second entry ) why do you think that ? 
  i mean , they 're not very liked , but it does n't seem 100 % impossible to me for them to get into a coalition . 
  i doubt that it 'd even be possible for gl to be kept in check by vvd , as this has partially shown . 
  gl has too many left-wing radicals for that .
