  russians are massively in favor of a leader whose goals are destabilizing and invading europe militarily . 
  they deserve to be hated by the rest of europe . 
  well , given that most russians are in favor of destabilizing europe and invading eastern european countries and a leader who is heavily focused on doing so , it is pretty accurate to call russians enemies . 
  but that 's the thing , you might say they are n't being forced to wear it , but they are , through heavy social pressure from their family and social circle . 
  no , it 'd keep the isolated air around you down to body temperature at best - which does not qualify as `` cool '' at all . 
  they are the literal pc police . 
  that 's just about the only thing they got right . 
  just read a little about it , i did n't go to the page where you order it yet . 
  but yeah that 20 euro deal for unlimited data is a lot less appealing to me now . 
  though i do n't really use mobile data a lot anyway . 
  especially when i am traveling , i have better things to do than watch youtube videos . 
  ah , i did hear an american talking before about getting roaming charges when going elsewhere in the usa . 
  oh , where did you get that ? 
  i was thinking about getting it . 
  figures that they are hiding something . 
  i went to nyc , and i did n't even have service in many parts of central park . 
  was using at&t . crazy . 
  was a few years ago though . 
  in nl you pretty much have service everywhere . 
  in the us , do all mobile plans work in every state or do you get roaming charges when you go to another state ? 
  you can get unlimited data at robin mobile for 20 euro . 
  4g works perfectly here for me in the metro . 
  it 's kinda weird because in big buildings it sometimes does n't work that well . 
  i think they might have put some infrastructure in the metro to improve the signal there . 
  also get a pretty strong signal in most highway tunnels . 
  5 euro per month for unlimited data ? 
  what ? 
  you know what looks weird ? 
  considering them allies while they are the primary financiers of terrorism in your countries . 
  us did , not eu . 
  a liter is derived from a cubed dm of water . 
   saudi arabia ... charging it with financing militant groups . 
  qatar denies the accusations . 
  good one . 
  maybe we should take an example from them and do to saudi arabia what they are doing to qatar . 
  it 's not about who they defend and whether they 'll win or not . 
  bad people have a right to a lawyer as well . 
  it 's something about how they conduct themselves . 
  ca n't quite put my finger on it though . 
  thank you for summarizing all the upsides of having muslim immigrants : kebab . 
  actually yeah saudi arabia is a lot worse . 
  it is far more conservative than iran . 
  your arguments in fact do illustrate that you are blind to reality . 
  apostasy is the renouncement of a religion . 
  not being of another religion , so even if you went to iran , you 'd have nothing to fear because of that law . 
  only iranians themselves do , and only if they were muslims in the first place . 
  which is still wrong , but saudi arabia is far more religiously conservative . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  navigating japanese immigration bureaucracy and getting approved for citizenship is made very difficult on purpose . 
  are there upsides ? 
  japan is an extremely difficult country to emigrate to , so it is not popular among muslim economic migrants . 
  are you kidding me ?!? 
  even if they were really celebrating the events , that does not make them _ nearly _ as bad as committing mass murder . 
  the candidates are n't the same , but the voters are n't too far apart ... both voting for dumb reasons . 
  https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/zuij3n_dpiopr9cv6ncuuzafztg=/800x0/filters:no_upscale ( ) / cdn.vox-cdn . com/uploads/chorus _ asset/file/8113923 / 2016forum_fig9_768x538 . png most of clinton 's ads were personal attack ads rather than policy . 
  many of her speeches were either about how bad trump is or about how people should support her because she is a woman . 
  her campaign slogan was `` i 'm with her '' . 
  not her voters . 
  her entire campaign revolved around 1 ) i am a woman and 2 ) i am not trump . 
  there was almost nothing substantive . 
  identity politics . 
  it does n't matter , trump still got 62 million votes from americans , and many clinton voters still had idiotic reasons for voting on her . 
  sure , and a lot of her voters voted for her because of her gender , not because of any policy , showing that her voters are barely any better , and many others voted on her just because she is not trump . 
  oh yes , that totally sounds like a population and democratic system worthy of leading the world . 
  let 's put her in charge of the world because ... she 's a woman ? 
  that sounds like a good idea . 
   build built , brit you are making the faulty assumption that i am being sarcastic . 
  i think that the eu is a monstrosity that should be torn down and have something better built in its place . 
  it is too bad that brexit was based on such stupid reasons , many of them plain lies . 
  the eu has many real flaws that could have been highlighted instead that would have inflamed other independence movements and cause reform within the eu . 
  that is obvious . 
  i know the difference between computers and screens . 
  the servers obviously could n't handle the extra heat in the server room , or wherever they are standing . 
  it could be that the server is built into the screen stand itself . 
  to display information on a screen received by via network connection you really do n't need a heavy weight server . 
  it could well just be a pcb credit card sized server . 
   britain should not be punished for brexit i agree , let 's enable further exit movements in other countries . 
  there is nothing to analyze about trump . 
  i hope it does n't , europe has been enabling america 's `` team america '' exploits for long enough . 
  the trump administration is a reflection of the american people . 
  the country deserves to lose as much international influence as is possible . 
  it should n't have any . 
  the american people obviously ca n't be trusted to wield it . 
  all the us has been doing for the past few decades is wrecking global peace , `` moron '' . 
  really , these things should be able to withstand 33c, 
  you have dogs smaller than your finger ? 
  the eu can , which is what she was really talking about . 
  `` europe '' does n't plot a course , it is a geographical concept . 
  you 're leaving the eu . 
  so the eu can plot it 's own course without the uk . 
  the uk does not have to be part of the decision making process in the eu anymore ( read : obstruct everything ) . 
  how do i join the match ? 
  do i have to ask for a lobby link in discord or something ? 
  i have eu iv but so far i only played against the computer . 
  no it 's not . 
  you ca n't be powerful if your country is led by a bunch of drooling half-wits , elected by the same . 
  having the biggest muscles does not make you powerful if you do n't know how to use them . 
  what she means obviously is the eu , not europe , and yes they can, 
  i 'm going to do exactly that this summer . 
  tour scandinavia on my bicycle and with a tent .
