gdp does n't indicate quality of life , though, 
  this is the equivalent of putting your fingers in your ears and going `` lalalalalala '' like a child . 
  that 's just an ad hominem . 
  your reactions are the stupid ones , as well as the people who want to ignore the negative effects of muslim immigration . 
  yeah , you can only say that muslim immigrants are the best thing ever or you are a troll, 
  obviously ingredient labels ca n't be trusted . 
  a native did something bad . 
  of course that vindicates all immigrants who are far more likely to do worse things . 
  to me it does n't make sense to be proud of something you did n't have to do anything for , and you were just born into . 
  the entire supply chain has a responsibility to figure out what they are putting in/on the food . 
  you ca n't just spray some cleaning agent on your food without knowing what is in it . 
  especially the vvd prefers poisonous food to regulation on corporations . 
  is she kidding ? 
  food manufacturers have a huge responsibility to know and limit what is in their food that might poison their customers . 
  as far as you know . 
  the exact long term effects of these poisonous materials on humans are difficult to study . 
  all their chickens were probably raised on feed with this material on it , so my guess is that they will have to get rid of all their chickens . 
  profit margins are small , so i bet this would be ruinous for many of them . 
  i do n't know if that 's actually how it works in practice in finland , but in the netherlands they work here at wage levels from their local countries under these rules . 
  eu regulation 96/71/ec https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posted_workers_directive_1996 they tried to amend it a few times , though of course the eastern european countries especially protested . 
  also that 's because it 's mostly only a few rich people that benefit from the cheap labor . 
  the downvotes do n't bother me . 
  getting downvoted says nothing about whether you 're correct or not , it just means that what you say is inconvenient for them , a lot of the time . 
  many subreddits have narratives that they like and if you go against them , regardless of whether you 're right or not , you 'll get downvoted . 
  no , that 's only a few employers in western countries . 
  many more resent the fact that it 's almost impossible to get jobs in many sectors because eastern europeans will work for much smaller amounts of money and also even if they wanted to lower their own wages they ca n't because of minimum wage laws . 
  there are rules in the eu where for example a polish company can place their employees in a much wealthier western european country and do the same job as what the locals were doing except for a polish wage . 
  even though they live in said wealthier western european country , the local labor laws do n't apply to them . 
  eastern europeans love leeching from the wealthier european countries . 
  they benefit the most from it , so they rank the highest in many polls measuring `` pro-eu-ness '', 
  when you ask people that question i 'd expect them to go something like `` um ... 
  i guess i am a eu citizen , i live there '', 
  yes , putting people in prison for life for being arrested on weed possession 3 times is backwards . 
  at the very least they have reinforced it and made it worse . 
  but i suppose it would n't be such a big problem in the first place if americans were n't so backwards . 
   emotionally stunted moron yes ... muslims are having such a great influence on europe . 
  high over representation in crime , very low integration , large mass murders every few weeks . 
  in 2015 , 63 % ( ie 43.5 out of 69 ) of the dutch prison population were of foreign/immigration background . 
  the high incarceration rate is because prisons are privatized . 
  they pay the campaigns of politicians and lobby them to keep prison sentences and incarceration rates for minor crimes high ( 3 strike laws for minor crimes that results in life in prison for example ) . 
  i did n't say that they are comparable in terms of how they invade . 
  but islam and islamic culture are incompatible with western europe & the culture that they bring with them from the countries that they came from is backwards . 
  in every western european country with a lot of muslim immigrants , they are highly over represented in crime statistics . 
  they do not integrate and they turn the neighborhoods that they live in to crime infested shitholes . 
  they should be kept out . 
   `` them '' being muslims willing to work on our nations and pay taxes . 
  no they 're not . 
  yeah , he should have instead let muslims take over the continent and allowed the advance of their armies unopposed . 
  this is a wet dream of leftists . 
  and now they 're inviting them in . 
   2 ) the guy in question has an albanian mother and balkan gagauz father . 
  he 's european . 
  he was . 
  i was responding to the general point made by the comment thread starter . 
  free refills of what ? 
  they also build them just to connect 2 areas , to increase biodiversity . 
  so we agree , turkey is not as a whole a european country . 
  it only has small bits and pieces from europe , just like many other countries that we would not consider european . 
   the turkish empire spanned quite a bit of the middle east and europe many countries have historically held large regions in other parts of the world , but you would not call them african or caribbean or whatever countries today , even if they still have small holdings there . 
  it 's only a small part of their country that is in europe . 
  and there are plenty of other countries that are part of european organizations but that doesnt mean that they should be considered european . 
  i do n't think that cyprus should have ever been allowed to join the eu either , but eu politicians just love expansion , even when it does not make sense . 
  you are right they had some differences with the rest of the middle east but that was only because ataturk beat the middle eastern-ness out of them and hard handed policies aimed at changing turkish culture away from typical middle eastern cultural practices . 
  and you can see what came of that now . 
  the only things they have going that make them european is they have a small part of their country in continental europe and political correctness because they are a large islamic country and people on the left get all excited about calling a large muslim country european . 
  ** culturally ** they are middle eastern , and by far most of their country is not located in europe , anybody that does n't have their heads up their asses can see these things . 
  many turks do n't like to be called middle eastern though because they look down on them in the same way that many europeans look down on them . 
  the joke is on the turks that think this way because outside of this pc garbage people think of them the same way as they do of the rest of the middle eastern people . 
  not that there are n't many forests today , but europe used to be almost entirely covered in forests before civilization started cutting them down , especially for war ( ships ) . 
  almost every single american politician on a national level has their political campaigns paid for by large corporations who determine their agendas . 
  the american government is one big gross blob of almost pure corruption . 
  the current secretary of state is the previous ceo of exxonmobil - instead of appointing corrupt politicians nowadays they just straight-up appoint the ceos and representatives of corporations . 
  things like built-in batteries and other components are largely an aesthetic choice . 
  it does n't have to be a lot more expensive to make phones and other products more modular . 
  when you travel the world you will notice a strong trend : the poorer the country , the less meat they eat . 
  because meat is so expensive to make , it 's an inefficient calorie to cost food . 
  hahaha you got me . 
  i did n't know you could make such long dutch compound words but the word seems valid . 
  nobody would ever use a word like that though except in a discussion like about the possibility of making long words . 
  i do n't know , does watching it make you capable of speaking finnish fluently ? 
  i know but i think the colors go a bit over the scale , so i figured 25c is the next step . 
  yeah but not at 20c . 
  she was from a country where temperatures approaching 40c are not uncommon . 
  still , wearing a winter jacket at 10c seems a bit over the top for me . 
  yeah we do . 
  but i do n't think they would look as hilariously over the top to foreigners . 
  good luck with learning words like peruspalveluliikelaitoskuntayhtym\u00e4 ( yes its real ), 
  first you need to learn the language, 
  it 's weird , what kind of things did they try to sell you ? 
  ... or even in russia itself . 
  do n't worry , they do n't love you , they just feel bad because you complain about getting your feelings hurt . 
  i 'm dutch and when i stroll through the red light district there 's always some shady guys in an alleyway going `` coke ?!, 
  they will leave you alone though if you are not interested , because they do n't want trouble with the cops . 
  is this uk appreciation ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  i had a girlfriend from south america and when she first came with me to the netherlands she packed herself in a winter jacket because it was 20c, 
  a heat wave of 20-25c, 
  here the warranty period is 2 years . 
  by the end of those 2 years and intensive usage , there will be not much left of that original battery time . 
  it 's bullshit .
