what are the graves in pics 3,8,9 ? 
  for unknown soldiers ? 
  they have flag ribbons across the cross . 
  is it true that during the hungarian revolution the radio 's in austria encouraged the hungarians and told them they will receive help from the west ? 
  you can always join romania . 
  we have plenty of space for the moldovans/romanians from transnistria . 
  but why cut the dick ? 
  i think we need to call dr. \u00d6sterreich . 
  what does it say under rumuni ? 
  yes , like sweden . 
  we could 've supplied germany with oil and grains and stay neutral . 
  history -- western europe was civilized by the romans , central europe was civilized by germans and the habsburgs and we were `` civilized '' by turks and tartars . 
  when people in ce were building cathedrals and universities people in romania were living in underground hovels or hiding in the mountains . 
  ww2 -- we did n't stay neutral . 
  i do n't know if romania could have managed something like a ~ ~ scandinavian ~ ~ swedish neutrality but we should have tried . 
  the last 10-15 years of communism -- because there were very few products available , people started to steal from their workplace or from the public property . 
  the stealing is still going . 
  the 90 's -- collapse of state authority due to low wages and rampant inflation . 
  things have dramatically improved since romania joined nato and ue . 
  they will get better once we get back to 5-6 % economic growth . 
  since we are disorganized , this growth depends on eu growth , so ... 
  nice mountains . 
  i 'm not surprised that central europe studies german . 
  in the early 90 's , i was at a border check between hungary and czechoslovakia and , through some bizarre circumstances , i was pulled out of the train and i had to make myself understood by the custom agents . 
  there were at least 10 of them . 
  i tried english , blank stares . 
  french , nothing . 
  italian , zero . 
  in the end , i made myself understood using an improvised form of sign language . 
   some roma live down the road from me . 
  they have a cow . 
  i have no idea where they keep it , but i can hear it mooing when it needs to be milked . 
  hahaha . 
  this is the first time i 've heard about mooing cows in bucharest . 
  what about horse drawn vehicles ? 
  did you see any ? 
  ploiesti , romania -- the world 's first oil large refinery . 
  it 's an old story . 
  the last time i read about this debt , it was 19 bn . 
  anyway , in 2011 the romanian senate rejected appointing a committee to clarify this historical debt because the romanian national bank said there is no debt . 
  i did n't know the song but it sounded lovely so i tried to translate it . 
  the third and fourth line are easy to understand ; in the first line i did n't grasp what c\u00e0 s\u00f9 ta ' cretis meant ; in the second line i did n't understand soterat . 
  so , to be fair , i used this [ translation in italian ] ( http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/stelutis_alpinis ) just to be sure . 
  i have no doubt in my mind that in the future russia will overtake germany as the largest economy in europe , but right now russia 's gdp ( nominal ) it 's still behind germany , france and uk . 
  this article is based on gdp on the basis of purchasing power parity ( ppp ) . 
  yes , i understood what you meant . 
  i was just providing an `` inside '' perspective . 
  when you have to queue daily for bread , milk , eggs and basically every other food , when electricity , water , heating and gas are rationalized every day , when you have grandparents who became tenants in their own home , when you have parents that were n't promoted because they were n't members of the communist party , you do n't really care for infrastructure achievements . 
  i could go on for days . 
  i know , it 's sounds personal . 
  anyway , as you 've probably learned by now , romania had it worse than other european countries and experienced stalinism build by an idiot , ceausescu . 
  yes , communist systems have done some good ( like building railroads , dams , power lines etc. ), 
  but what matters is the end . 
  communism in central and eastern europe simply did n't work . 
  period . 
  and for someone who was old enough to `` enjoy '' the benefits of communism ( like me ) it really does n't matter that communism did * some * good . 
   if it were n't for poland , we 'd all be speaking mongolian right now . 
  this is an exercise of alternate history . 
  what if the outcome of a battle was different ? 
  what if hitler was n't born ? 
  a very interesting exercise of alternate history is done by kim stanley robinson in the novel `` the years of rice and salt '' . 
  he imagines a world where the black death plague of the fourteenth century kills not 30 % of europe 's population but everybody . 
  so there is no christianity , no renaissance , no columbus , no industrial revolution and so forth and the history of mankind is shaped only by islam , china , india and the americas . 
  what about the role of the military in preserving secularism . 
  can you clear that up please ? 
  i know that a good chunk of the population is made of russians . 
  i know that the capital tallinn was once called reval . 
  i remember also some row about the statue of a soviet soldier that was moved . 
  yes , armenia is part of europe but mainly because of the diaspora . 
  in romania , there are public personalities that have armenians names and bucharest also had an area that was called the armenian quarter before communism . 
  the armenians living in bucharest were mainly merchants and craftsman . 
  when it comes to armenia proper , i 'm afraid not much is heard . 
  the last news was about some elections row . 
  poland and the czech republic have the most impressive expansion . 
  unfortunately , there are some areas in ukraine and the republic of moldova that are darker in 2010 . 
   there is a clear dichotomy between the ways of thinking in south and north europe that has been there since the days of the romans and the germanic peoples and i doubt it will change in the next millennium . 
  i think this contradiction between south and north ( with the north being more organized ) developed much later then the time of the romans . 
  in that time , the germanic tribes were the barbarians and the romans were the organized ones . 
  also , a short history : 1 . 
  much of northern europe was civilized by the romans . 
  the germanic tribes brought down the roman empire , event that started the dark ages around the 5th century . 
  during the dark ages , the byzantine empire was richer and more civilized than western and northern europe . 
  the middle ages ended when the renaissance started in italy in the 15th century . 
  what i am trying to say is that northern europe could not have become a hub for civilization without southern europe and also that times change and one day your country is the peak of civilization and the next century it is not . 
  however , it is possible to `` come back '' ; china is doing it in the last decades . 
  i do n't have an exact answer . 
  my best guess is that it has something to do with the communist period when the state obligated citizens to have a job . 
  probably accounting was regarded as an accessible qualification . 
  a similar situation can be found among judges -- approx . 
  3 out of 4 judges are women . 
  the percentage of women executives in romania is high because almost all of the financial and accounting executives are women . 
  also , women are very well represented in marketing . 
  thank you for your comment . 
  i would add that the biggest gain austria has from romania is petrom , the national oil company that makes 1 billion euro/year in profit . 
   i mean the added drama , becauses jesus christ romanian chicks are good at being dramaqueens . 
  i sense some personal experience here ... 
  am si eu o rugaminte . 
  la / r/europe ? 
  you can add to nationalism non democratic government , like the ones in the former soviet union and the austro-hungarian empire . 
  you 've probably read dumber things on r/europe , like nationalistic bullshit that europe is so full of .
