itt : people from capitals and big cities are all rude . 
  shocking as it may be to you , understanding the latin language does n't mean you 're not ignorant about this particular topic , silly wehraboo . 
  please do n't try to show off with all your latin skills . 
  it does n't take ciceronian eloquence or intelligence to compose in latin . 
  your trying to come at me with latin is also perhaps the most euphoric thing i 've ever seen . 
  you are literally a stereotype . 
  yeah , i know . 
  there are a lot of catholics in the old crusader states . 
  they were obviously the aggressor in wwii . 
  between brazenly annexing other countries and remilitarizing , violating the terms of a treaty their government agreed to , i do n't know how you can sit here and try to deny that . 
  i 'm not saying the british conducted more war than other societies , but starting with 1945 is like intentionally dodging the previous 300 years of your history to fit your narrative . 
  you 're such an ignorant fuckstick . 
  `` we do n't like them , they 're too different ! '', 
  but doing something like this for north africans would be terrible . 
  if you believe what you read here , immigrants are literally going to eat your babies . 
  please do n't be so arrogant as to condescend . 
  i understand what you 're saying and i agree , people should n't just be declared racist at the start of an argument , but that does not mean that one can not arrive at the conclusion that the person they are speaking with is a racist by listening and observing the talking points they espouse . 
  you act as though i do n't comprehend you ; that is simply not the case . 
  and i 'm talking about people who have listened to what you have said , and decided that it 's racist . 
  do you think you and your views ought to be beyond reproach , and that people should not just call a spade a spade ? 
  maybe they have looked at your position and have simply come to the conclusion that you * are * a racist . 
  edit : it would seem le yurop hivemind did n't like that . 
  the putin youth ? 
  i feel like english is the black sheep of our language family . 
  i ca n't casually understand basic german or dutch without schooling . 
  it trickled through to that , but i doubt it originated there . 
  i 'm sure it 's popular vernacular . 
  america is a dirt i live on . 
  it has its upsides and its downsides . 
  i think i 'd have been more lucky had i been born in a country with more opportunities for education and healthcare . 
  i do n't . 
  i am against mass deportation of any group . 
  i find your assumption that i have unwavering support for my nation 's policies to be irritating and presumptive . 
  can you blame them ? 
  i could never understand the mass deportation of any group of people . 
  that 's a hate crime , and often a precursor to genocide . 
  indeed . 
  it 's designed in such a way that big business runs the show . 
  well , in my country , everything is privatized . 
  prices for basic health services are through the roof . 
  remember it is also an oft repeated statement that you are repeating too , bud . 
  what generalized statement did i make ? 
  i do n't recall any statements in which i said `` all british people are x. '', 
  i simply think that you 're wrong about the eu being all that bad . 
  it has its problems , but it 's not that old , and it has growing pains . 
  just try . 
  from what a lot of other people have been saying , that does n't seem to be the case . 
  i 'm no expert though . 
  it 's not as though your government was forced to join . 
  it 's so disingenuous to act as though britain has nothing to do with the eu , and your mentality that the relationship is purely transactional merely proves my point ; you want all the benefits of the eu , but you do n't want to have to participate . 
  you view the eu as something you can * get * things out of , but contribution and cooperation is out of the question , and as soon as the wind blows in a way that does n't favor your positions and opinions , you threaten secession . 
  you 're like texas . 
  it is your business . 
  international news , especially as it pertains to the world 's major powers , is relevant to everyone involved . 
  if you remain completely detached and think what happens abroad does n't affect you , you are dead wrong . 
  i never said it contributes nothing . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  so americans should n't have any interest or opinion about international politics ? 
  is n't that sort if insulation the very thing people fault us for abroad ? 
  i was n't talking about america , i was talking about europe . 
  if i agreed with you , you 'd be more than happy to agree with me . 
  it 's when americans disagree when europeans get uppity and think we should n't be in this sub . 
  you do n't like that we get to say what we like and disagree with you , but you 're perfectly okay with hating on america for having its own problems . 
  i wo n't fuck off to an american sub because i 'm not an isolationist ; isolationism is stupid . 
  i do n't usually get mad at people online . 
  it 's a waste of energy . 
  i was talking about the eu though . 
  i do agree that the uk is fairly hypocritical . 
  it seems to me that many of the member states want all the benefits and bonuses of being in an economic union , but they do n't want to add anything more into the system . 
  edit : * coughukcough *, 
  could we therefore say that he is culturally luxembourgish ? 
  i thought he was luxembourgish . 
  hey man , people in this sub tear greece apart as though every greek is personally responsible for the debt crisis . 
  their governments ' response has n't worked , so now they want a scapegoat to point the finger at , and that happens to be the greek people . 
  trust me , i can empathize with your experience to some extent . 
  i 've been told to fuck off back to / r/murica before because some vitriolic dutchman did n't like that an american could comment and disagree with him here , and i 've seen how they treat greeks here , like you 're all scum or something . 
  it 's atrocious . 
  yes . 
  it 's really not in their interest . 
  i usually try to get savoy early as france , to avoid all those defensive bonuses they get . 
  i got the same a savoy . 
  i mean , most of savoy 's events deal with france being a dick . 
  i made friends with them early , and we stayed friends forever . 
  not at all . 
  i do n't think your issues are anywhere near as divisive as slavery was . 
  i happen to have full confidence that the european union will remain into the future . 
  let 's not pretend that racism is just an american problem problem . 
  a state exists so that a people may organize their decision making process , part of which is defense , but you 're acting like they have a navy parked outside . 
  it 's only about two decades old . 
  my union split in half only sixty years or so in . 
  allow for some growing pains . 
  russia is clearly the most free , stable , and peace-loving nation in the world !, 
  no aspirations !, 
  that seems like a measured and humane response . 
  a 23 year old union . 
  do you expect unions to start functioning straight off the bat ? 
  i mean , my union was so dysfunctional that it erupted into full scale civil war only sixty years after its founding . 
  i hope you 're not holding up * russia * as a stellar example of a civilized nation . 
  that 's the problem with being an american on this sub or just in the european political atmosphere in general . 
  our nation is damned if it does and damned if it does n't .
