  europe is a continent . 
  on that continent , there are many cultures . 
  i did n't make any claims stating that every nation in europe is diverse . 
  i 'm not wrong , because i never mentioned scandinavia . 
  you just brought it up for no reason . 
  and i never said anything that would indicate that i think it 's a country . 
  not if you guys do n't get your way . 
  well there it is : it wo n't matter if people come and live in europe , since it 'll be the same folks anyways . 
  furthermore , it 's not an islamic invasion . 
  nobody 's coming to europe to conquer it . 
  no , i just do n't know why you 're so afraid of change . 
  so what ? 
  get over it . 
  things change . 
  moreover , there 's more to europe than france . 
  belgium has multiple languages , and people still speak different dialects of german in rural germany , while spain is so mixed it 's insane . 
  you simply do n't want to admit that adding more people of a different culture wo n't really change that much . 
  you 're no different than a republican whining about mexicans . 
  you just named the ones which i was making a point about . 
  also , the eu is a supranational entity in which people are free to move around , so my point remains that it is a multiethnic place . 
  i ca n't quite tell what your point * is * . 
  are you suggesting that the people living in anatolia now are still lydians ? 
  that 's not true . 
  considering that 2000 years ago , there were n't danes proper , that is n't true . 
  there were many germanic tribes in denmark , not just one . 
  also , you and the other commenters are like `` but muh scandinavia ! '', 
  there are other parts of europe where it is n't so homogeneous . 
  europe consists of far more than your little scandinavian bubble . 
  there are n't a lot of them , so they do n't exist ? 
  except turks did n't jut waltz across the caspian into anatolia . 
  they came through the levant . 
  i did n't say that everyone speaks it , but there are speakers . 
  just because you do n't know them does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  there are so many minority languages and cultures in spain , italy , france , and germany it 's not even funny . 
  yeah , more to do with nationalism . 
  nice username , border guard . 
  oh man , you even brought up the roma !, 
  it 's like everything icky about / r/europe in one go !, 
  because there have always been germanic people in britain , and the magyars have totally always been in pannonia , while there are people all over the mediterranean who speak like romans because it 's always been that way , not because the romans had a habit of colonization and exporting their culture . 
  even the proto-indo-europeans did n't come from europe originally , man . 
  it 's not as likely as you think that someone who lived were you do 4000 years ago is related , as europe was a vastly different place back then . 
  if you lived in northeastern germany , for instance , you 'll find that the people who lived there 1500 years ago were actually west slavic . 
  you 'll also find that the history of europe was defined by the migrations of the germanic and slavic peoples . 
  sometimes the things i read hear indicate that many europeans are just as fearful of immigrants as we americans are . 
  you are expected to follow the nation 's laws , you do n't have to adopt every single one of their customs . 
  yeah , you 're just a jerk . 
  europe by its very nature is multicultural . 
  edit : upvotes for the guy railing against multiculturalism , downvotes for the guy saying europe has more than one culture . 
  greeks do n't wear german trachtenhosen , last i checked . 
  you act as though danes are an oppressed minority , and parrot on about * realpolitik . 
  * you are n't offering true solutions either ; you 're like a bouncer . 
  `` you do n't have to go home , but you ca n't stay here . '', 
  `` protect my culture '' no , what you are is a fearful bigot . 
  you fear foreigners because you lack the skill to relate to them and their suffering , so you think it better to make them stay in wartorn countries , because you do n't care about them . 
  actually , the us has so much surplus grain , we could probably handle such an influx of refugees far better than snowy and rocky northern europe . 
  southern europe is just too small . 
  your solution is a nonsolution , * that 's * what i blame you for . 
  your solution is `` fuck you , i got mine . '', 
  i 'm not so sure i 'd change my tune . 
  not all americans are horrible racists . 
  just like not all europeans are selfish bigots . 
  this is why you and your ilk are getting downvotes , y ` see ? 
  fucking hungry people !, 
  pull yourself up by your bootstraps and get a damn job/new country , like my grandpappy !, 
  you 're just a horrible person . 
  thanks for clearing that up for me . 
  yeah , just like china does with north korean refugees !, 
  send those fuckers back to where they came from !, 
  that 'll show them to run away from famine , poverty , and warfare !, 
  yeah , many , if not most of them , are refugees , and i believe there are international laws to consider . 
  yeah , fuck refugees !, 
  attack of the acronyms !, 
  now i 'm sad . 
  europe should do no business with our back room , shady trade deals . 
  our leaders call it `` free trade , '' but they then refuse to let the american people know what is in the deal . 
  europe should keep far away from these transcontinental trade deals if they are n't transparent . 
  why would the details be kept secret if they are of great benefit to us ? 
  no you 're not . 
  edit : fascism * by definition * is a right-wing philosophy . 
  you 're not left wing if you would prefer the national front or golden dawn over the united states . 
  for one , they 're not leftist , they 're fascists . 
  moreover , i as an american would support the european union creating a more unified army so that you guys do n't have to keep relying upon our military might when you feel threatened by russia ( or whomever the bad guy of the year is ) . 
  the less my taxes pay for the resupply and maintenance of military bases in germany , the better . 
  the eu has the largest gdp in the world . 
  they could handle the expense of a military if they just made one . 
  why would you move to crimea , a region annexed by the russian federation , if you are russophobic ? 
  that 's what i just did , my wingnutty friend . 
  you guys have crazy right wingers too !, 
  wow . 
  that really is an unpopular opinion . 
  * really ? 
  * god , i 've been laboring under the misapprehension that this subreddit was a sovereign nation state this whole time !, 
  thanks for correcting me !, 
  i like facts too . 
  but shutting speech down because you do n't like it is simply authoritarian . 
  i think it does make them look bad . 
  i would say that a state which shuts down those they disagree with is not free . 
  a greek catholic !, 
  i must say as an american that the one thing i ca n't get behind all you europeans on is how ready you are to shut people down and limit their speech . 
  between this banhappy sub and the laws against free expression in germany and france , you really make yourselves look bad .
