  i 'm getting rather tired of constantly maintaing a hegemonic presence in europe , so if europe can maintain its own defense now , that 'd be great . 
  this is one of the first times i 've seen someone in this sub actually try to offer a solution other than `` fuck those damn immigrants . '', 
  i think europe needs to try and take charge of aiding mediterranean nations find some level of stability . 
  it 's like the shitty bus stop where it takes forever for the bus to come . 
  reddit , the ( storm ) front page of reddit . 
  at least you 're open about being a racist , i guess . 
  although i can almost guarantee that almost nobody is going to hungary to stay , considering most of your nation 's youth want to leave as well . 
  europe does not exist in a vacuum . 
  things will change , no matter how hard you fight it . 
  i see you 're fresh out of thin brushes to paint with , and you only have broad ones !, 
  by the way , most immigrants to the united states are * not * canadian . 
  you clearly have no understanding of our situation or of our history . 
  in fact , most immigrants to the us currently are hispanic and asian . 
  historically , it was you europeans who were coming over here . 
  should we have turned back the irish because they were n't as well educated as we ? 
  were n't people in europe pissing and moaning about the emigration of slavs just recently ? 
  it still gives me giggle that you think canadians are emigrating * en masse * to the united states . 
  immigration usually benefits economies . 
  but i suppose coming from a nation where people actually want to move * to * from other places , i 'd understand that . 
  it 's just that the tables have turned now , and people are coming * to * europe rather than leaving it . 
  i mean for fuck 's sake , they 're refugees . 
  have some fucking compassion . 
  ... maybe stop building fences , because they 're human beings and and not animals ? 
  that 's really odious . 
  yeah !, 
  just like them damn mexicans !, 
  keep 'em all out !, 
  you 'll be just like us before too long !, 
  do you have any recollection of the marshall plan ? 
  the berlin airlift during the soviet blockade ? 
  furthermore , i would put forth that germany has had several chances at squandering their goodwill with the united states , say , through about 1936-1945 . 
  and yet , for all that your country did , we were still willing to help you rebuild , and then we placed bases there in the first place so that you did n't get steamrolled by the soviets . 
  i think they 'd set sights on belarus or try to eat the rest of georgia before they test the waters in finland . 
  absolutely . 
  if that 's how you and your countrymen feel , then do n't let the proverbial door hit you on the way out . 
  have fun without our implicit military support . 
  it may not be against nato rules , but i guarantee it would sour our relations . 
  for god 's sake , if you do n't want it , then do n't fucking host it . 
  i swear . 
  as an american who 's been brought up eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches : indescribable . 
  i agree with you completely . 
  europe needs to start taking over it 's own defense . 
  i am 100 % in support of our european allies and the protection of their interests , but i do n't think we need to have bases all over europe . 
  it 's expensive , and that money could be spent on schools and hospitals . 
  i believe his quarrel is `` too many regulations for me to get rich quickly . '', 
  i suppose you 're marvelling at how the hungarians seem to have lost their bootstraps . 
  does n't mean it could n't ever happen . 
  not soon , if course , but not never . 
  what a beautiful coin . 
  remove gyros , augustus still aliv # 1 in roma, 
  wow , you 're so angry . 
  just chill out man . 
  you 're so tense . 
  relax . 
  you act as though americans should feel privileged to be let into your yurop club . 
  it 's a website dude . 
  anyone can subscribe to the sub . 
   does n't see the word bigot written anywhere, 
  hence why so many people seem to hate him on this sub . 
  yeah , they 're dirty mooslims , right ? 
  i suppose i was operating under the misapprehension that europeans were much more progressive than we . 
  wow , you guys are worse than us . 
  i 've got ta disagree with you here , man . 
  punitive imprisonment has been shown to not work on a societal level to discourage crime . 
  your sub 's getting taken over by the fearful , man . 
  not at all , and i never implied that in the first place , so i do n't know where you got that . 
  i think it 's absurd how this sub feels the need to discount any of the participants on the allied side of the war . 
  all of the major nations plaid a large role in the war . 
  if the us does n't enter the war in europe ( or is dragged into it , more appropriately ) , the entire conflict plays out completely differently . 
  if hitler does n't attack the ussr , things turn out differently . 
  to credit any one nation is unfair to how it happened . 
  if germany only had one front to fight , i could see them faring better than they did . 
  instead , they had to put their resources into two seperate fronts , thereby making both the us and ussr important . 
  but i would not say they were more important than the french resistance , whose subversion was vital at several points . 
  this need to say one side was more instrumental than the other is , in my estimation , part of an anti-american circlejerk i find often on this sub . 
  in another sub , it 'd be exactly the opposite , claiming the us did everything on its own . 
  simply two sides of the same coin . 
  indeed . 
  i would also like to point out that the nazis may have won if germany did n't have to focus on anything but the eastern front . 
  they should n't have attacked the ussr ( good that they did , but from a strategic standpoint ) . 
  they still might have lost , but i think it 's unfair that this sub seems to think one front was `` more instrumental . '', 
  part of the reason the nazis fell so quickly after they attacked both the us and the ussr i that they engaged in a two front war , which rarely ends well . 
  more like it was won by the ability of both the united states ' and the ussr 's ability to produce materiale at a faster rate than the german reich . 
  yeah , except this is a completely different situation . 
  you might as well replace mexicans with muslims . 
  the rhetoric is the same . 
  worse sometimes . 
  i do n't think i 've ever hear someone try to argue that mexicans are inherently culturally inferior . 
  not it 's not . 
  people were spewing the exact same rhetoric about italian and irish immigrants in my country back in the day , talking about how they 're going to take over , and will you look at that !, 
  the united states did n't collapse !, 
  it became one of the preeminent powers of the twentieth century because of all the extra workforce for industry . 
  that may be so , but it still stands true that most cultural groups who currently reside in europe have n't always been there , and their presence in europe is quite recent . 
  you guys and the basques , along with the defunct etruscans , are european natives , but the vast majority of europeans are not . 
  they intermarry , and mix the cultures together ? 
  not so bad . 
  except your countries are not being invaded . 
  these people are coming to europe fleeing turmoil , or seeking work and other opportunities . 
  now , the minute isis comes knocking on the doors of canterbury cathedral , then you have an invasion . 
  until then , cool your fucking jets .
