of course , the best interest of the child would actually to be adopted into a loving family . 
  it 's definitely not a strawman because it 's not something that a feminist would ever present as a formal argument . 
  you could maybe say it 's an ` appeal to motive ' fallacy . 
  i 'm not exactly intended as a sole formal argument against prostitution though , just making an observation . 
  so is literally any job with manual labor . 
  or the army , where you are a fucking meat shield for bullets and bombs . 
  also , the kkk calls their book the ` kloran ' , a ponteanmeau of klan and koran . 
  amongst other things . 
  the lra and kkk are tenously christian while the amish are not , and isis/al qaeda are not tenously muslim . 
  ` moderate ' muslims tend to still support things that are beyond the pale of even the most extreme western conservatives , like death for leaving the religion , stoning for adultery , blasphemy , etc. 
  since things like this ( and sharia in general ) is such an integral part of islam , people that do n't support them are just , quite frankly , less muslim . 
  it 's not the same as christianity , where the most extreme christians are something like the amish . 
  extremely conservative by every measure but also utterly pacifistic and use ` shunning ' instead of beheading , stoning , and crucifixions because , you know , jesus was pacifistic while mohammad was a barbarian warlord . 
  but did any of the polls ask if muslims approve of ` manspreading ' ? 
  i think that 's the real issue here . 
   the root of the problem is an ideology or hate held by a relatively small group of people that advocates an abhorrent view of society , with backwards notions as to how we should live , and a set of values that i find as alien as i find them distasteful . 
  i thought polls have consistently shown that clear majorities of muslims hold these views . 
  atheism tends to appeal mostly to natives , who are rather off and happy with their lives . 
  i do n't think it alone ca n't provide purpose in people 's lives - there 's basically no * pull factor * and i see little evidence it can work on poor disenfranchised minorities . 
  i 'm not a christian but maybe christianity could work . 
  when clear majorities of muslims polls support support things like death for apostates , stoning for adultery , and implementation of sharia for everyone , leftists think these beliefs are either insincere or they would somehow change them if they were only wealthier . 
  though some of the richest muslim countries such as qatar and saudi are among the most extreme ... western feminism seems instead bent on attacking effeminate natives by implementing bans on men sitting comfortably ( manspreading ) or defacing posters of fit women ( protein world ) . 
  that 's a new one - i 've never heard of america being blamed for exporting left wing ideas . 
  that said , our debate climate is pretty shit . 
  we may very well elect donald trump as a reaction against the effect feminism has had on our discourse . 
  a bunch of polls have shown the main attraction of trump is opposition to political correctness . 
  mercuryes !, 
  in all seriousness though , why not natural gas instead ? 
  not a huge c02 benefit compared to coal but there is for the other pollutants . 
  fascinating , thanks !, 
  anyway , there are a whole lot of things that go into a rocket other than the engine , though . 
  the spacex failure was caused by a faulty strut . 
  ( since there are nine first-stage engines , there is some degree of failure tolerance for engines ), 
  probably has more to do with the fact that ariane dates back to the 70 's ( and had lots of failures in early years ) while falcon 1 was a clean-sheet design from 2006 , than any sort of design philosophy . 
  though the age of their rockets does n't seem to be helping russia 's reliability though . 
  if i recall correctly , a lot of words have done this , it seems to come about from people starting to use a word sarcastically ( like literally often is today , like the ` literally hitler ' thing ) and eventually the sarcastic meaning is so widely used the original meaning of word and the sarcastic intent it was used with is forgotten, 
  also entirely banning the practice of christianity from the country , something that even most of the rest of the muslim world , hardly a bastion of liberalism , does n't do . 
   ` that trump would care about european interests is hard to imagine since it 's not clear to me that he cares about u.s. interests ' fucking lol . 
  i think some people have the impression that what they 're saying is reasonable because they speak slowly and deliberately and have a yale sign behind them . 
  as opposed to that other kind who is clearly crazy because he 's kind of loud and boisterous . 
  paul ryan also wants to pass something on corporate inversion . 
  but as i said , our political system is paralyzed and incapable of acting on anything . 
  the u.s. ca n't even get laws passed on things that literally everyone agrees on like a law against corporate inversion , which both trump and hillary constantly talk about and both parties want , but we 're so completely politically paralyzed it 's impossible to act on anything . 
  i can pretty much guarantee we wo n't be able to ` capitalize ' on anything . 
  i understand the point of policies that are meant to protect the identity of those who accused of crimes . 
  in the names of accused are released publicly , so in for example those who get accused of rape often get hounded by feminist mobs who harass their workplaces , etc. 
  and generally try to ruin their life , so it would probably be better if they remained anonymous at the very least until convicted . 
  socialism involves government ownership of the means of production , social policies involve government provision of social services or redistribution of wealth within a capitalist economy . 
  europe is largely social democratic . 
  socialism would be venezuela . 
  i 'm kind of reminded of the ` join or die ' political cartoon by ben franklin showing the different states cut into segments . 
  would this have been considered a ` rescue ' if it were a 14-year old boy who joined isis ? 
  if not , why would a very pro-feminist newspaper act as if the girl had no volition to make this choice , but a boy would ? 
  donald trump does n't drink, 
  you could substitute gypsy with fortune teller, 
   i 've been telling my fellow americans that we need an internet version of the eisenhower interstate highway system not happening , ever . 
  the best we can do are pass laws to block the various legal attempts comcast is making to block municipal fiber and google fiber to coming to localities and hope they eventually spread well enough . 
  i thought it was always just vampires . 
   but the difference lies not in how extreme their ideas are but in the violence that manifests from them . 
  i mean , the amish are pretty much the most extreme group of christians in terms of lifestyle , but people do n't care about them because they 're pacifist , pay taxes , and typically even refuse to accept state social benefits . 
  extremism of beliefs seems to manifest different in islam . 
  perhaps there is a different in those beliefs . 
  i mean , jesus was a pacifist who is celebrated for being killed without resisting while mohammad was a warlord celebrated for building an empire . 
  if you 're building it to keep people in that 's an indication that there might be a problem with your society , but if you 're building one to keep people out and people are attacking them with battering rams , then perhaps the problem is n't your own society . 
  everyone 's third world in at least some manner . 
  for us it 's prisons . 
  are you vampire george washington ? 
  does europe have ( or want or need ) a george washington though ? 
  he 's an asshole , but it 's abundantly clear that he 's less hawkish than hillary , rubio , or cruz . 
  most countries where islam predominates have a lot of horrible policies , but there are a couple areas where saudi is uniquely so . 
  for example , they completely ban the practice of christianity , which a lot of countries that are nearly as bad , like iran , do n't do . 
  maybe it can be outsourced to the amazon mechanical turk, 
  america is not a nation-state and ` american ' is not an ethnicity in any sense whatsoever . 
   the best outcome of this whole kerfuffle would be that it motivates a serious re-thinking of the post-euro e.u and acts as catalyst to systematic innovations towards a more democratic , equitable ` union ' . 
  i 'm interested in how exactly you think this would play out ? 
  is n't the general trend that germany is just getting more power over the e.u. 
  i do n't think awareness of inequality is neccessary , or even neccesarily helpful in order to reform institutions . 
  what 's needed it faith that they can be reformed and the will to carry it through . 
  simply throwing more money at the problems is n't the solution , we already vastly more money on healthcare than most european countries and it 's still dogshit . 
  as i said , i think people believing that their circumstances are within their control is a good thing - psychology has shown again and again the belief in free will rather than determinism is associated with more beneficial states . 
  it may or may not be true , but it 's clearly pragmatically more beneficial . 
  interesting !, 
  though i like the u.s. cultural attitude of self-reliance ( which may cause us to underestimate wealth inequality ) and such , even our oft-obnoxious nationalism and i think we benefit from it in numerous ways . 
  i just wish we had some better managed institutions and such things like a healthcare system that 's not dogshit and better prisons/fewer people in them , ect . 
  trump said in the last debate that bush failed to protect the u.s. from terrorists on 9/11 . 
  now that 's * based as fuck . 
  not sure how you could be like berlusconi when you completely abstain from drinking alcohol ( because his brother died of alcholism ), 
   i consider it very likely that putin would be capable of luring a president trump into some poorly thought out military adventure that will bind the resources of the united states , most likely somewhere in the near east . 
  this particular assertion is pretty absurd if you actually follow him . 
  trump opposed the iraq war and even said in an interview years ago that pelosi should have impeached bush over lieing about wmd . 
  in the debates he 's constantly accusing jeb of trying to start wwiii ( his word ) when he talks about militarily confronting russia in syria , and says we should n't rule out cooperation . 
  if anything his admiration for putin in some ways is barely contained . 
   x-ians from peaceful regions abusing the circumstances christians are abused and persecuted more or less everywhere there 's a muslim majority . 
  ( including staunch allies of the west like saudi arabia and pakistan ) is n't the purpose of asylum to protect against political persecution ? 
  nearly all of the migrants are sunnis from sunni-majority countries , not persecuted minorities . 
   ` bold victim ' role my favorite term for this is ` crybully ', 
  germany bans apologetics for nazi crimes : good ? 
  poland bans apologetics for nazi crimes : bad ? 
  for a business , debt is a standard procedure and totally fine for use in making investments in the business ... but if you 're using debt to pay payroll that 's a really bad sign . 
  more like .0001 st world problems,
