i hope you do n't mind me joining in for a brief minute , since you have both kindly included me in your discussion . 
  i have truly enjoyed reading your comments . 
  if i might , it seems to me that your discussion seems to have run up on a very common sticking point : advocates of europe 's fiscal union ( correctly ) point out that the federal governments of canada & the us have large fiscal spending power , and advocates of a north american fiscal federalism model ( correctly ) point out that at no point is money provided by the federal government for the purpose of financing state-level liabilities ( i.e. 
  bailouts ) and at no point does the centre take control of national budgets . 
  both are correct . 
  usually , a big argument about the definition of `` fiscal union '' ensues . 
  okay , so u/machinedog ( apologies if i have not done the citation correctly ) correctly brings up the us and canadian transfer systems . 
  i would add only that both of those systems work on an autonomous federal basis . 
  each canadian or us citizen is subject to two separate and equal governments . 
  the provinces and federal government draw on completely separate bases of taxation and each have their own separate treasuries . 
  they may agree to make mutual investments out of these treasuries , like canadian healthcare or some us highways , but these are assessed on their merits . 
  so , for example , the canadian federal government and the provinces each invest in healthcare programs running in each province . 
  if , say , b.c. 
  goes broke in a crisis , a resident of b.c. 
  will access more federally-funded services . 
  by the same token , we know that when the federal government withdraws healthcare funding , the provinces increase theirs . 
  at no point , however , does the federal government transfer money out of its treasury to top up a provincial treasury to fulfill its spending commitments . 
  the provincial side of these project simply goes broke . 
  the federal governments in can/us also make transfer payments to `` have not '' provinces and states , but these are again different from the eu 's esm , etc. 
  the n. american programs are based on average , per-capita tax revenues of other provinces at average tax rates , and not on the liabilities or spending needs of the recipient province . 
  in other words , provinces must still spend and borrow on the basis of how much money they themselves have - their own economic strength - not on an implicit bailout of those liabilities . 
  it can expect no payments from other provinces or the federal government to fill any gaps in their budget . 
  in short , the fiscal federations of canada/us/switzerland do it by having separate and equal treasuries - a federal one and a state one . 
  neither can influence the other . 
  there is no `` fiscal union '' between the provinces , or the provinces and federal government . 
  just mutual investments in a common project . 
  it is `` federal '' fiscal union , if you will . 
  the eu , however , is doing it by co-opting member state treasuries and providing bailouts . 
  in other words - it is a `` unionist '' fiscal union , if you will . 
  it tops up the member state budget , and then imposes budgetary conditions on voters who must give them effect and labour under them . 
  for that reason , u/machinedog suggests ( and i agree ) that fiscal union - transferring funds to a broke territory - is a great way to deal with the fallout from a crisis , to ease the suffering of a people . 
  to the extent that the eu can come up with its own budget to do that , fantastic . 
  to the extent it ca n't , its program is to bail-out defaulting liabilities and replace democratic choice as the main driver of reform changes . 
  u/limitlessltd suggests ( and i agree ) this is neither democratically nor economically sound . 
  the important thing to cure , in my view , is not offsetting asymmetric shocks , but preventing the truly unprecedented imbalances which gave rise to the crisis . 
  how did the massive imbalances grow under the euro in the first place ? 
  how did investment in irish banks reach 600 % of gdp ? 
  how was the increase in private credit in the periphery over 20 percentage points of gdp higher than the next eight credit crises in history ? 
  the answer to that question is that interest rates did not rise . 
  because investors know that no member state is `` on its own '' , cheap credit will continue to pour into a risky member states . 
  for this reason , the eu 's fiscal union is a long away away from the canadian/us model . 
  it does nothing to stop the cause of the crisis . 
  the idea of creating a fiscal union is to have a large drip-tray to offset shocks and imbalances . 
  but a fiscal union based on communitarisation of national budgets will never work , because interest rates will not rise in response to danger until they outgrow the capacity of the drip-tray to bail them out . 
  the drip-tray will always be one size smaller than the imbalances it is tasked to offset . 
  anyways , fantastic discussion . 
  i wish i could meet you chaps in person . 
  sorry for the rushed nature of the above . 
  lots of good ideas here , too . 
  editorialised title . 
  does the the article not say that the gardai clashed with the anti-pegida protesters ? 
  in any event , it definitely does n't say they clashed with pegida members . 
  in the video , the crowd which is cordoned by the police then appear to chant `` pe-gi-da , off our streets ! '', 
  leading me to believe it 's the anti-pegida members which clashed with police . 
  is there another source for this ? 
  no doubt it was . 
  however , i maintain my point that autocracy and centralised ownership of the means of production are what killed millions of people , not nationalism . 
  nationalism exists in every modern democratic nation state on earth , and yet , according to democratic peace theory , market economies historically never , if ever , go to war against each other . 
  it 's the ingredients of autocracy and centralised control over the means of production which create wars . 
  in order for a democratic market economy to go to war , it needs the citizens to vote themselves into combat , and it needs the various decentralised private owners of the means of production to pledge their capital to the fight . 
  these conditions are rarely present unless the nation is under threat . 
  you need totalitarianism and control over production to kill millions of people and burn up the nation 's capital fighting a neighbour for nationalistic reasons . 
  really do n't understand what you 're failing to grasp here . 
  none of these countries were democratic market economies . 
  all four countries were autocracies under a constitutional monarchy , and the means of production were under central ownership and control . 
  just go look it up for heaven 's sake . 
  nope . 
  tens of millions died due to totalitarian socialism , not nationalism . 
  democratic market economies almost never , if ever , go to war against each other . 
  matter of point , nationalism is the foundation for self-determination in some of the world 's greatest democracies ( canada , the us , ireland , etc. ) . 
  totalitarian socialism - where the government both owns the means of production ( war ) and monopolises political choice - is what killed millions in the last century . 
  the central powers ( germany , austria-hungary , ottoman empire ) plus russia were all socialist autocracies until 1918 . 
  political power was centralised under constitutional monarchy and the means of production were socialised . 
  it 's not hard to look up . 
  nope . 
  totalitarian socialism killed tens of millions of people in the last century or so . 
  democratic market economies almost never , if ever , go to war against each other . 
  matter of point , nationalism is the foundation for self-determination in some of the world 's greatest democracies ( canada , the us , ireland , etc. ) . 
  totalitarian socialism - where the government both owns the means of production ( war ) and monopolises political choice - is what killed millions in the last century . 
  wow . 
  i can think of nothing better to say . 
  my only thought is `` this needs to be seen by more people '' . 
  perhaps if we 're allowed to have this debate , people will decide that immigration is good for europe , and we may very well see 250,000 - 500,000 + per year enter ( similar to canada or uk 's present immigration rates ) , but because it wo n't be uncontrolled , people will accept it more . 
  that 's despicable . 
  imagine the fear of people who do n't fully understand the language and are n't fully integrated yet . 
  true . 
  but i think many american christians express similar views . 
  god first . 
  country second . 
  i 've heard this at various times from patriotic americans before . 
  i know that the percentage of women and children of newly-arriving migrants from syria is increasing . 
  the young males come first , and clear the way . 
  so i imagine the balance will improve over time . 
  eu lawyer here . 
  i know the basics . 
  if you do , are you being deliberately disingenuous ? 
  you know very well the commission has the right of initiation , and uses this to stretch the competences in the treaties to all manner of areas which were very explicitly stated in the preparatory work to the treaties to be excluded from the scope of eu law . 
  you have , right now , an eu commissioner using the eu 's competence on state aid ( for christsakes ) to attack direct tax legislation - an area in which the eu has no competence . 
  you also know that the council and parliament only have an amending power , and the commission uses its legislative power of initiative to immediately pull legislation if the council and parliament amend it in a way they do n't like . 
  you also know the commission regularly publishes ultra vires legislation and uses its spending power to attempt to get it passed .
