i honestly do n't think that discredits the argument . 
  how many black people do you know ? 
  fuck you , we owe ukraine nothing . 
  there is a civil war being waged in the country and the ukraine government and people are too weak to crush it . 
  is it being supported by russia , probably . 
  is it our responsibility , no . 
  no guys , crimea loves being part of ukraine . 
  holy fuck why have we been shelled for the past few months by anti-russian rhetoric if it 's not true ? 
  do n't worry guys russia is invading ukraine !, 
  wait no , we do n't even have a video of any forces or conclusive evidence of that argument , back to hating the usa then . 
  i would normally agree with you , but he has posted nothing but anti russian remarks , seriously , nothing . 
  so most of the deaths were not from russian swat teams like pladmir_vutin claims ? 
  i know many like to hear views that follow their own , but this dude is a paid shill . 
  i 'm fairly anti-russian , but i could give a rats ass about ukraine at this point . 
  do not for a second believe that reddit is not influenced heavily by the powerful or those with money . 
  trickle vote bots are a big thing as are paid commentators . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/jul/14/gchq-tools-manipulate-online-information-leak this guys account is way to obvious , every single thing he posts is to rally outcry against russia . 
  get another account . 
  it 's obvious someone is paying you to stir up anti-russian sentiment . 
  is everything you post anti-russian ? 
  who is paying you ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem believe it or not being racist is a normal thing for humans to do . 
  i think it is perfectly ok for people to be racist as long as they are n't infringing on rights . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/simplified_world_mining_map_1.png china is really not that important in the grand scheme of things . 
  they do make a lot of technology that is outsourced to there shores , but they sure as hell do n't design them . 
  yeah , we need cheap plastic shit really badly . 
  if america had actually sent a counter attack back over the line and re supplied in an all out war fashion , then the us would have demolished china . 
  russia can and would obliterate china in a war . 
  it is not off topic because sweden does both . 
  would you like to watch a video of a circumcision ? 
  you strap a baby to a bed and cut off part of his penis , it is morally wrong and sweden should n't discriminate against females . 
  females babies deserve the same privileges as male babies , unless they ban both they can shut the fuck up . 
  does n't sweden still allow male genital mutilation ? 
  why the outrage for females and not males ? 
  honestly the soviet union and the uk would have collapsed without the pre us war effort . 
  actually you did occupy one of those countries . 
  i know they spend quite a bit , but they are unorganized and have close to no projection of power . 
  that makes the eu 's sphere of influence fairly small . 
  the head quarters of norad is in colorado , which is basically a back up government . 
  the us still has two oceans to patrol , but it would save us some money if the eu could control the middle east , north africa , and eastern europe . 
  would n't switzerland be the easiest to defend ? 
  is cyprus a place ? 
  like it 's own place ? 
  holy shit , europe is racist . 
  i do n't think he understands english very well . 
  lack of resources will probably become more of a problem in about 500 years honestly . 
  no one doubts that , but in every single thread at least half the european posters question the need for military expansion . 
  i just do n't see it happening for at least 50 years . 
  or a group of super smart midgets that ca n't agree with each other nor speak the same language . 
  as much as i disliked iraqi intervention , i 'm hoping they stay true to the democracy we put in place . 
  less crazy in the middle east can only be a good thing . 
  plus south and north america are directly in our influence without competition . 
  i think because of russia 's location and there recent military build up , russia has a better ability to project their power than the eu . 
  roundabouts are so anti-american though . 
  holy shit , russia is spending 4.4 % of their gdp on their military ? 
  the us spend about 4.9 % to put that into perspective , i really do n't know what more my country can do for the ukraine . 
  we are n't really allies , it makes me sad for ukrainians and a little unnerved that russia is gaining influence in eastern europe . 
  but we have no power in the region and russia is more than likely worried about their lack of influence while nato just continues to gain influence in eastern europe and the central asia . 
  eastern ukraine is in russian cross hairs , they need the industry . 
  i think the eu is the start of the first global government . 
  in my lifetime i would very much like to see north america and australia have the option of joining . 
  yeah , this is n't going to pass , the courts would shoot it down anyways . 
  i 'm literally drinking shiner and cleaning a pistol , smiling at your comment . 
  as an american , it makes no sense why the eu ca n't pull together and make a federalized government and military . 
  i understand the different culture aspects and language barriers , but damn it makes europe weak . 
  europe could without a doubt become the worlds # 1 super power too . 
  that makes a lot of sense actually . 
  nope , fuck off . 
  depends on the state . 
  trump will save us . 
  still xx or xy . 
  such as ? 
  chopping up someones genitals because they have a mental ** disorder ** is not a solution to their problems . 
  xx or xy , there is nothing else . 
  that was europe 's fault , we just had to actually bomb them when you ladies could n't do it . 
  running out of ways to use circular reasoning , the wild liberal-red coat backs away from the argument . 
  lest his liberal world view be shattered by facts . 
  no one alive was a slave and barely any are alive that had any disadvantage in there lives . 
  black people can do every single thing a white person can do , plus some . 
  they can get into college easier , they can get scholarships more readily , they have more government programs available to them , they 're more likely to get hired into a large company than an equal qualified white . 
  black people have no one to blame but themselves for their situation . 
  do n't sit here and blame my race when we 've been pouring a disproportionate amount of wealth and opportunities their way for 70 years . 
  no black guy wants to be a father , no black mother has the same baby daddy between kids , they rarely plan for the future . 
  but if some black person does want to pull himself up and make something of himself , he can become the fucking president . 
  so do n't sit there in the uk on your little chair and tell us its no their fault , cause it is . 
  the poorest places in the nation are white and still have a much lower crime rate . 
  try again . 
  umm , black people get thrown in jail more often because they commit more crime . 
  they cover the majority of violent crimes , rape , murder , assault , ect . 
  it 's only natural there are more of them in prison . 
  a major birth control push is needed . 
  women being able to control their hormones is the only proven method for reducing births . 
  somebody is triggered . 
   it does mean that people will shun him irl and not for a bad reason either . 
  a murderer can not vote in the us - why ? 
  because they think some things you do mark you . 
  wow , people wanting to preserve their culture are murderers ? 
   i would n't want a neonazi to argue any point i believe in . 
  you disgust me . 
   online or irl , if you are new to a community , you have to establish yourself before you are accepted as a full member and your opinion is given as much weight as the regulars .
