  i mean this is kind of obviously how things works and have always worked ever since ... our ancestors started to talk about things and formed communities basically . 
  are you capable of critical thinking double standards ? 
  brigading is a fancy word for , `` he uses other website or subreddits '' . 
  it 's literally the dumbest rule to ever exist and is likely the cause of exodus from reddit . 
  also , 4 people using another subreddit is not proff of brigading anyways . 
  or maybe their interested in immigration you dense shit . 
  people like you are going to be responsible for the rise of nationalism . 
  instead of letting people discuss ways to stop immigration , you call them racists and ban them . 
  what you label someone has no bearing on their argument . 
  critical thinking 101 cowboy . 
  apologizing ? 
  what are you , canadian ? 
  what you and the mods here do n't seem to realize is people with extremist opinions should be welcomed here , the more diversity of people opinions the better the discussion is . 
  no one wants to come into this place and read people agreeing with each other , that fucking sucks . 
  bringing up someone 's post history honestly seems desperate and really just destroys the discussion . 
  if you want to look it up to give yourself a better view of his narrative , that 's cool , but when you bring it up to discredit him it ruins the discussion . 
  it 's quite literally the definition of an ad hominem to attack someones choices and beliefs rather than the discussion taking place . 
  `` this guy frequents r/feminism , i 'm just going to ignore whatever he says '' do you see how much of a bigot you sound like ? 
  like seriously , a guy who visits r/coontown is likely more open minded than you are . 
  it 's censorship because no one can discuss any of the posts , reddit is not designed for this . 
  discussion can not take place now , that is most assuredly a form of censorship . 
  attack the argument , not the poster . 
  fucking liberals ca n't use logic for shit . 
  i believe poland has just gotten past 2 % . 
  or is projected too next year . 
  whenever you 're smoking/grilling in oklahoma , you use season salt and dry rub the steak . 
  then when on the grill you brush ** butter ** onto the steaks . 
  if i saw someone using olive oil i might have to call the sheriff to report the murder that was about to occur . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) what about both ? 
  just sink the ships , does europe see the racial tension in america and just aims to meet that goal ? 
  keep your culture . 
  you would be very wrong cowboy . 
  http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html that should give you an idea of how ill equipped european `` powers '' are without america bailing you out . 
  if we had n't been letting you use the aircraft carriers you would have resorted to sending angry letters . 
  europe had to come crawling to america for support during the libya campaign , we did n't even want to get involved . 
  glad to know my great grandfathers did jack shit during ww2 . 
  i hope we fully pull out of nato and leave your countries in the dust , you guys could n't even take out libya . 
  call it whatever you want , it 's a completely disorganized military . 
  the majority of eu countries ca n't even take their troops out for target practice because bullets are n't in the budget . 
  the majority of ships , aircraft , and tanks are probably not used but once a year so who knows how well they 'll hold up in a real fight . 
  russia could cut threw half of europe before you guys could figure shit out . 
  lol, 
  #ad - hominem of the day, 
   unless you were alive during the making of the rebuilding pact , you ca n't take honor for it you dishonor my forefathers and the debts that i 'm still paying for europe . 
  i work in defense aviation technology , which directly benefit your country with a stabilizing effect that allow you to continue to enjoy your silly social programs in place of an actual military . 
  if you were n't an ignorant american , you would 've known that the atlantic ocean and an entire culture separates us . 
  you can just look at the different socialist policies , or just look how much the american government sucks in general to see the difference between us and europe the america 's as in plural . 
  culture is so much deeper than what you understand clearly . 
  marriage , religion , language , property ownership , economic ideas , cuisine , music , ect are all of european origin primarily . 
  i can see that you are very young . 
  i agree 100 % nato needs to end . 
  we are of european decent and still practice european culture . 
  we 've also been the stabilizing force in europe for the past 70 years , allowing europe to rebuild and allowing europe to integrate itself into the european union . 
  we 've also been working with europe for the past century trying to fix europe 's lasting fuck-ups in the middle east and africa . 
  the america 's are very much part of europe whether you like it or not . 
  finally . 
  not true scotsmen fallacy in one long post . 
  i did n't understand anything you said . 
  i think you just said patriarchal power structures are a thing . 
  i would like to take the time to state the nyc is not part of the us , it 's merely territory of the united states . 
  i could have sworn they were trying to make men close there legs on the subway , among other completely batshit crazy ideas . 
  sweden and norway are the bastions of this kind of idiocy , are you serious ? 
  europe is so much farther left to the us i 'm in disbelief how you can make this out to be a us thing . 
  this totally happend . 
  as they say you 're wrong and down voting you while they do it . 
  i believe you . 
  russia is quickly becoming a super power again . 
  their military is under a single command , and they have massively increased and modernized there military . 
  i just ca n't see a conflict against russia ( if it ever comes to it ) and the eu ending with the eu winning . 
  eu has good amount of troops on paper , but they are split and poorly equipped . 
  they probably have n't even fired there weapons before with all the budget cuts , ca n't afford the ammo . 
  i feel as though the eu needs to start taking care of itself , the us needs to leave nato . 
  realistically , it would have taken a coalition of about 6 million troops to topple the soviets at that time . 
  at the end of ww2 the allies simply did n't have enough troops to take on the soviet union . 
  especially with the war on the pacific still going on . 
  on to nukes , it would have taken many months of mining and development to drop nuclear weapons , they would n't have made too much of a difference if the war would have happened . 
  is the uk still capable of defending the falklands ? 
  i know the 82 war was a close call . 
  honestly the uk would make a great state ... 
  send them straight back . 
  you might be the dumbest person to ever post on reddit . 
  i do n't think they understand that . 
  i 'm american so i consider latino/hispanic people white , or close enough . 
  sanctions . 
  put them on a boat and ship them straight the fuck back to north africa . 
  sweden is a place i hope i never visit . 
  get better immigrants europe . 
  china and india would send some of there most educated over there , yet you continue letting in the lowest of the low , with no basis or want to be part of western world . 
  looks like the united kingdom needs a little bit of freedom . 
  i heard they have weapons of mass destruction . 
  of course not , this is grade a ukrainian propaganda . 
  this is coming directly from a ukrainian news agency , who as we have known are a direct propaganda machine of the ukrainian government . 
  ukraine censors anything that does n't agree with what the government wants , much like russia . 
  leave your pitch forks at the door step folks . 
  i think there is brain washing on both sides . 
  as an american i do n't want our troops put in eastern europe and i do n't want to support a lazy european nato who can not even fund a military . 
  the sooner we get out and focus on the pacific the better off we 'll be . 
  check my post history you sherlock . 
  i promise you that the western world has more brigades swaying public opinion than russia does . 
  i ca n't stand the anti-russian circle jerk in this subreddit .
