  bombing countries like poland will not have the same impact as bombing usa/uk/fr / de . 
  because it is not based on contemporary geopolitics alone . 
  there is nothing wrong with italy . 
  just cause we werent under an unified monarchy does n't mean we were not italy . 
   italy , one of the most powerful countries in the world uhm ... / s ? 
  damn . 
  that weather + that building + that apartment make for a great combination . 
  i 'd like to see a reality show with greek participants living in those conditions . 
  wonder how much they 'd last . 
  no it 's not on her hands . 
  post your statistics about 95 % of them coming just to `` leech '' the system then . 
  ah ye , the old blacks and browns are dumber and more violent than the wasps . 
  here we go again . 
  they do speak out , and they get accused of doing it merely for propaganda . 
  in a whole continent with millions of people ? 
  til : if you shout allahu akhbar you are an islamist . 
  i wish more people had balls like him to actually put a bullet in the head to the many warlords and their knights that plague our world today . 
  indeed . 
  nothing to touch there . 
  the express ? 
  just look at their homepage http://www.express.co.uk/, 
  wanting to help others at all costs has nothing to do with fake news and echo chamber . 
  those people simply put ethics above everything else . 
  no one is destroying anything . 
  stop being paranoic about a cultural legacy that , judging by your flag , you are not even part of . 
  there is no invasion whatsoever . 
  no one is stopping europeans from having sex and multiply . 
  original santa lucian sung by an original neapolitan voice with historical views of napoli https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpxkafeel9g, 
  the world has been multicultural since 10 000 years , nothing is crashing down . 
  you mean you want to go back in times and place where women were veiled and bigotry was widespread ? 
  because we have far less remains of their civilization . 
  we ca n't even read their texts . 
  the far right hates jews . 
  the far left also . 
  many of those welfare recipients work and contribute to society . 
  even just by using welfare money to buy groceries it means the moneys circulate within the country . 
  besides , you 're polish how can you even argue about what is like to live around migrants when you have none ? 
  i just do n't understand the logic of voting afd which is an anti-feminism and homophobic party to get rid of homophobic and misogynistic muslims . 
  i guess if they 're forced to have homophobic pricks they prefer them white and german . 
  they just say that terrorism has no religion ( which is true ) , they dont deny that many modern terrorists are muslims . 
  it is n't tenuous . 
  many extremist right wingers are actually saying that all arabs/muslims ( the two things are equal for them ) belong to some sort of uncivilized race , and many actually agree with nazi-like solutions ( mass deportations even of legal migrants , violence , bombings , `` containment '' centers and son on ) . 
  there is a different between legitimate concern and `` oh my god invasion they steal our jobs they rape our women they kill our children !!, 
  north for the amazing mountain landscapes , south for the amazing mediterranean feeling , the sea , the beaches . 
  centre foreveralone . 
  why so ? 
  plenty of ethnic europeans distance themselves from mainstream european customs . 
  you know , we live in europe not in a dictatorship you 're free to disagree with your society . 
  lying about nationality is far from being horrible people . 
  but hey , for immigrants every judgement is amplified x1000 . 
  i have no idea about the local geography of the town i 'm living in . 
  and i do n't have any local accent either . 
  til i 'm a liar . 
  the bible is a moral book not a newspaper . 
  that 's because usa is a barbaric country too for european ' standards . 
  everything that is not certified real polish is getting the boot . 
  why people in this thread are acting as if polish and jewish cultures are 2 different things ? 
  countries are not monolitich blocks where 1 culture is shared by all its citizens . 
  polish jews are part of polish culture as much as ethnic poles . 
  but the polish whiteknights of reddit are always ready to defend their racist behaviours shielding themselves behind the supposedly true polish culture . 
  whatever the fuck they think it is . 
  mister burns ? 
  everytime the same . 
  no posts calling anyone racist , but some posts complaining about being called racist by the whole left . 
  in other words : a share of the population wants to keep living a 1st world life while their gov. 
  and their industries abuse the rest of the world without having to face the truth out there . 
  better build a wall , out of sight out of heart . 
  every culture appripriates something from other cultures . 
  yeah i 'm sure they get bombed because of that . 
  and you dont because of them . 
  so you talked with all those `` they '' to know what they think . 
  you must be god himself . 
  dont try to reason with conspirationists . 
  yeah , that totally happened . 
  funny how yet again everyone circlejerking about dem muslims hating jews while countries like poland and hungary with close to 0 digit immigration are higher than countries with higher immigration . 
  will start to blame the muslims even for a day of rain at this point . 
  because jews and the israel question get conflated from both sides . 
  even on reddit if you criticize the state of israel you get called antisemite . 
  which is quite sad . 
  what is wrong acting like nomads today ? 
  switch roma to `` east europeans '', 
  because they are most likely makeshift tent hospitals . 
  not concrete buildings . 
  not everyone wants unlimited freedom . 
  some people are content having someone else make decisions for them . 
  based on your deep knowledge of islamic history , theology and philosophy i suppose . 
  may be easier than you thought . 
  there are plenty of diggings that make use of amateurs diggers . 
  http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/ottawa/archeological-dig-moore-farm-estate-1.3703446 http://www.archaeologyexpert.co.uk/archaeologyasahobby.html remember that most of the manwork used in the past century 's archaeology were illiterate local peasants . 
  just look at that photo in op . 
  im sure no polish migrants commited any crime ever . 
  they were and still are all blonde-haired angels . 
  on the other hand we all know muslims are all criminals . 
  you 're a troll , 100 % . 
  you said you want more jews but jews did/do exactly what you 're berating some muslims for . 
  in case you are unaware there are entire towns which are orthodox jews ' territory in the usa , with jewish names and all . 
  there are orthodox jews who preach censorship , death penalty for gays and so on . 
  and same goes for christians . 
  yet you 'd have no problem taking them in . 
  this shows that you dont care about bad behaviour , you just care about them not being muslims .
