  western countries are still fighting for influence ( = resources ) in africa , just in a different way than they did 100 years ago . 
   we dont owe them shit we do . 
  who supports their warlords ? 
  who sells them weapons ? 
  who exploits their resources ? 
  who spreads hardcore evangelism ( condoms are bad !! ) ? 
  who is actively drying out their lands ? 
  the west ( and the east ) are n't innocent in this . 
  the least we can do is fix that , and fix some more as you said . 
  no , they are n't . 
  just read muslim war law in the classical era . 
  targeting children , women and elderly was frowned upon , unless the enemies used them as human shields . 
  isis focus primarly those very innocents , almost never aiming at the actual armed forces . 
  their justification is that by not rejecting our politicians we are all supporting them to the point that we are categorized as combatants . 
  even the use of non discriminative weapons was quite regulated , the same weapons that isis use as their main mode of attack . 
  here 's what david cook says in his understanding jihad . 
   from an outsider 's point of view , after surveying the evidence from classical until contemporary times , one must conclude that today 's jihad movements are as legitimate as any that have ever existed in classical islam , with the exception of the fact that they disregard the necessity of established authority -- that a legitimate authority such as a caliph or an imam could declare jihad . 
  2 other than this one major difference , con - temporary jihad groups fall within the confines of classical definitions of jihad . 
  that this is true can be seen by their careful regard for classical and contemporary law , their heavy emphasis on the spiritual rewards of jihad , and their frequently voiced claim to be fighting for the sake of islam . 
  ** however , both antigovernmental and globalist radical groups are guilty of taking exceptions listed in the classical texts and making them the rule -- for example , with regard to killing innocents . 
  ** in short , although the actions of many of these groups may disgust many mus - lims , as far as their conduct of jihad , they fall within the limits set by classical and contemporary muslim law . 
  it can only be added that no muslim -- to the best of my knowledge -- working from the classical materials on the subject of jihad and using the traditional muslim defi - nitions of jihad , has ever succeeded in seriously refuting the claim to be legitimate heirs to the legacy of jihad . 
  so in their jihad spree isis cherry picks exactly as anyone else to be able to murder civilians as their primary targets . 
  never changed hairstyle . 
   the mass of naive people who thought attending a g20 demonstration was a good idea , completely missed the mark and failed to look at the history of g7/g8/g20 protests and did not realise their presence was also facilitating the left wing extremists go to their way . 
  this can be said about anything . 
  if i go to watch a football game i 'm facilitating hooligan violence ? 
  attending a g20 protest is completely lawful and legit , does n't matter what you say or think . 
  sometimes i wonder if i 'm just eating the bait . 
  when people defend modern architecture they say it must be like this because we need huge buildings not pretty ones . 
  in this case you can see the striking lack of taste of the 2 most recent projects compared to the older ones , even tho it has nothing to do with utilitarianism . 
  i think n1 is nice , 2 is a bit anonymous , 3 is sci-fi ( were n't those the times verne was writing his books ? 
  ) , 4 ruins a bit the balance . 
  let me give you some informations on this video . 
  the channel owner was a student of lycourgos angelopoulos , a master of byzantine chant who passed away , sadly , some years ago . 
  in fact there is a video dedicated to his memory somewhere in the channel , probably the last one uploaded . 
  the choir performing the music in this video was , in fact , lycourgos ' own choir . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_byzantine_choir he also recorded quite a few discs with ensemble organum , all of the outmost quality . 
  they have been criticized by some on the grounds that byzantine style singing ( middle eastern ) is supposedly not fit for ancient catholic chant ( pre gregorian ) . 
  bollocks . 
  here 's a video of lycourgos and his choir https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-dwta--tfq and more https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5bmjwi70lc i 'm always puzzled when people are so ecstatic about any old ancient building , forgetting that music like this is a living `` fossil '' from the dawn of christianity , dating back for sure at least 1700 years , as we have memoirs of augustine telling us that ambrose in milan used to sing in the `` eastern style '' . 
  sure changes happen overtime and all in all we ca n't say that this is 100 % the same as what the church fathers were used to hear , but for sure it is very close . 
  now just imagine , for one moment , you can actually travel back in time , experiencing a true late-antiquity experience , as the great byzantine emperors themselves would 've done , in byzantium as well as in italy and other byzantine territoires !, 
  that is the power of music !, 
  fun fact : probably the oldest named composer we know of , whose music we can perform today , is kassia , a byzantine female composer . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kassiani https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iowwiig_shc for another take on byzantine music i recommend this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bvrijb1dk8 the polyphonic group graindelavoix became known for their peculiar performances of renaissance western polyphony , basing themselves on the ensemble organum ( of which lycourgos was part of , as i said above ) tradition but going even further , to the point that their machaut sounds neither west nor east but almost immaterial . 
  in the video above they sing byzantine chant . 
  here 's their machaut https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_2onheb-8e with the usual comment complaining about the middle eastern style . 
  fun fact # 2 : beneventan chant was bilingual , it was sung in greek and latin due to the influence of byzantium . 
  give me the money to move to another city then . 
  holy , have you have talked with a doctor ? 
  no , wrong said . 
  only kids who ca n't accept responsabilities will agree with him . 
  1 ) black africa is hardly a safe place to live 2 ) black africa will become increasingly unfit for live due to climate change , of which the west is the main culprit . 
  we can also talk about the resources harvested ( metals ) that are used for our latest technological gadgets . 
  it is easy to talk when you have ac , computers , car , eat meat every day , then wash your hand when africa is becoming one big desert . 
  3 ) the west itself is making bank selling them weapons . 
  poor op , so misunderstood . 
  that said , the concept of the artistic genius , developed during the romantic period , made a great disservice to the history of arts , expecially music that actually has to be played to be heard , ca n't be seen by mistake walking through an old paintings collection . 
  mozart was n't born in a vacuum , and he could n't have developed as a composer without absorbing the art of the `` mediocrites '' , pushing it further . 
  art histort should be seen as a web , each artist connected to the others , and to its cultural context as a whole ( political , religious , social ) . 
  now , while on the scholarly side that 's a given , the average person still has no idea who the contemporary of mozart ( or bach , or beeth ) were , and how their music related to his ( mozart 's ) . 
  catholic associations funded by the vatican already do help immigrants . 
  this sub is being littered everyday by mostly ( but not only ) `` eastern '' europeans and their t_d allies spamming random `` leftist are bad '' bullshit in every thread . 
  violence in hamburg ? 
  kill all the leftists !!!, 
  immigrants ? 
  leftists are traitors !!!, 
  history threads ? 
  the leftists do not recognize our heroes !!!, 
  everytime a left-winger commits a crime you 'll see hundreds of comments about how all the leftists are actually trying to destroy europe , one car at time . 
  we literally had 4 threads with a total of thousand comments circa of anti-leftist circlejerk . 
  can we reopen schools already ? 
  you ca n't say that . 
  we would n't know how europe would look like today if it fell under muslim rule 1000 + years ago . 
  pseudohistory is bad , does n't matter what side you are on . 
  everyone was an invader at some point . 
  even the poles , the franks and the romanians . 
   i 'm calling it , i think we 'll reach within our lifetimes ( next 40-50 years ) vr tourism in the past . 
  nice call , but it already exists . 
  the graphics are n't great but it is improving daily . 
  vr and cg applied to archaeology is actually a thing . 
  there was recently an ama of a british professor who recreated part of 3rd century rome ( caracalla 's rome ) and sold the models to a video game company i believe . 
  they also made a mooc , freely available on futurelearn https://www.futurelearn.com/courses/rome presentation videos are on youtube also . 
  because climate change caused by western countries is making their lands unfit for living . 
  if i came to you and burned down your land how 'd you react ? 
   the cars are not trying to kill people https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9au5l2e9ylq think again !, 
   you 're getting the political leadership mixed up with the common people there is a point though . 
  political leadership is supposed to represent the will of the common people who voted for them . 
  if i could go back in time and support hitler i would be responsible for his crimes just as much as the actual murderers . 
  yet the voters never get any blame whatsoever . 
  `` oh i voted mr bean promoting ethnic cleansing as my president ? 
  do n't blame it on me that he 's actually ethnic cleansing others !! '', 
  in the hamburg case torching random people 's property makes no sense , but cleansing the voter from any political responsability everytime is not correct . 
  people should learn to take their own responsability . 
  do you mean this as this way of manifastating it , or this as in general leftwing anarchism ? 
  in the latter case there have been/are quite a few anarchic intellectuals . 
  you know , in the internet era , you can find hundred of articles about anything . 
  maybe get a life and stop being paranoid over any random shit you read . 
  there is no way you 'll find hundred of articles bashing european history and culture on serious websites though .
