it 's the problem of society . 
  every time you agree with a law you 're forcing it upon others who disagree . 
  just as many westerner follow ideologies not compatible with democracy . 
  anarchists , monarchist , fascists . 
  deport them all ? 
  you can go from spanish to italian in 1 month . 
  but i thought my ancestors never moved from or to here and created my nation from 0 which i have to defend from barbarians totally unrelated to us . 
  not shooting people = being fearful ? 
  your ancestors probably were migrants themselves . 
  humans are a migrant specie . 
  why would any sane person decide to go to one of the most racist country in europe for erasmus ? 
  unless limiting yourself to popular areas . 
  i 'm currently in legnica and i have seen only one non white person in 1 month , even kebab shops are run by white poles . 
  saw some brown tourists in wroclaw though . 
  yet all the delivery men staying up as late as 6 in the morning are brown . 
  also chinese communities can be as closed as muslims . 
  there are shops which have fully chinese names , written in hanzi , at best with english translation . 
  some of them do n't even speak italian . 
  and yet they 've had the need of such women only compartments . 
  sources that majority of muslims create problems ,, 
  we do n't need to . 
  we 're just here to write down the nicks of whoever is posting in this topic . 
  so stop teaching kids anything ? 
  try to enter some places with not regulated clothes and see how fast you are going to get kicked out . 
  the minor still holds a lot of power . 
  he can make up so many shits to say that he has been forced or deceived , and everyone is going to believe them over the adult . 
  the veil was seen as esotic and fascinating prior to the age of colonialism . 
  at that point and theteafter it became a symbol of oppression as opposed to western enlightened values . 
  i do n't see how the veil is different than any other piece of clothing we are forced to wear to even walk on the streets . 
  you show very poor knowledge of muslim thought . 
   the intellectual sciences are natural to man , inasmuch as he is a thinking being . 
  they are not restricted to any particular religious group . 
  they are studied by the people of all religious groups who are all equally qualified to learn them and to do research in them . 
  they have existed ( and been known ) to the human species since civilization had its beginning in the world . 
  * ibn khaldun , the muqaddimah * everything you wrote about the catholic church can be applied to traditional islamic thought . 
  in fact both in catholicism and in islam scientific inquiry and reasoning lead to a deeper knowledge about the world we live in , which was created by god . 
  hence scientific knowledge = religious knowledge . 
  every muslim 's duty is to attain as much knowledge about the work of god as possible . 
  is there anyone left understanding that every country is by definition multicultural , whether you let migrants come in or not ? 
  the european union itself is a patchwork of different cultures . 
  part of europe are way close both geographically and culturally to the middle east/north africa than with northern europe . 
  the uniformation of culture is a very recent event . 
  besides , islamic culture has been in contact with the west since few decades after muhammad 's death . 
  muslims merchant were traveling as far up as the northern countries . 
  and the oldest paper document in europe is written in arabic . 
  the middle east and the west are thus influencing each other 's culture since at least 1300 years ago . 
  europe just took a very different turn in the recent past . 
  comparing apples with oranges . 
  1 . muslims amount to a much bigger number than those you mentioned . 
  2 . we have a way longer history of contact with the middle east 3 . christianity/judaism/islam have a long history of clashing with each other . 
  this means that they can envision their modern status as a result of what happened in the past . 
  wow same kind of statistics that were used to claim that blacks and hispanics are more violent cause they form the biggest share of inmates in the usa . 
  can it be that disenfranchised poor people are more likely to commit crimes ? 
  in europe that would be mostly muslims of course . 
  i feel like this `` drawing the line '' fear is unjustified . 
  all our written and moral laws draw the line somewhere . 
  you do n't eat humans , but you eat animals . 
  it is exactly the same reason used by anti-lgbt groups to oppose lgbt rights ( `` where do we draw the line , today gays , tomorrow pedos ! 111 '' ) . 
  there is absolutely no problem in drawing the line where we perceive it should be after accurate and critical thinking . 
  if any given thought goes against basic humanitarian principles what is the problem of trying to keep those who embrace it under heavy control ? 
  and punish them if they try to act upon their beliefs ? 
  we often say that in our society ideas have more power than violence ( hence change your country by elections not by force ) yet it is a problem to regulate malicious ideas ? 
  muslims : billions far right scum : millions not even comparable in size . 
  is this the same as smingus-dyngus ? 
  he doesnt mess up any temple ? 
  he just throws a fit targetting the money changers and the sellers of sacrificial animals . 
  he was a jew , the temple would 've been a holy place to him . 
  but yes , christians destroyed and re-used previous religious building during their 2000 years of reign . 
  we dont know . 
  many may agree on the idea of fighting the west , but disagree about hitting civilians ( forbidden by the quran by the way ) . 
  i 'm an anarchist , i rejoice everytime a politicians is beaten up , if not worse , and surely i do not shed tears when banks and financial institutions are hitten by stones or the likes . 
  so , while i agree with violently overthrowing the current system , i disagree when small private shops are the target , even if they are part of the system themselves . 
  many muslims may feel the same . 
  holding a grudge against the west ( i would too ) but not necessarily approve of the fighting methods . 
  nope . 
  i wrote this exactly yesterday . 
  islam approves of territorial expansion , muslims must `` fight '' ( just like you fight for your dreams , or you fight to get well after an illness ) on the way of god but they cant force religion upon unbelievers and , more importantly , they shouldnt become aggressors . 
  read surah al baqara , probably the most important of the holy quran ( and the longest ) . 
  it talks about all the core beliefs of islam : prayer , fasting , fighting/jihad , hajj , alms and so on . 
  there is not one fucking single verse that says `` murder all the infidels '' , not even one . 
  http://wikilivres.ca/wiki/the_holy_qur%27an/baqara few selected verses  ** let there be no compulsion ** [ 276 ] in religion : truth stands out clear from error : whoever rejects evil and believes in god hath grasped the most trustworthy hand-hold , that never breaks . 
  [ 277 ] and god heareth and knoweth all things . 
  257 god is the protector of those who have faith : from the depths of darkness he will lead them forth into light . 
  of those who reject faith the patrons are the evil ones : from light they will lead them forth into the depths of darkness . 
  they will be companions of the fire , to dwell therein ( for ever ) . 
  - on violent jihad  fight in the cause of god those who fight you , [ 181 ] ** but do not transgress limits ; for god loveth not transgressors . 
  ** 191 and slay them wherever ye catch them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out ; for tumult and oppression are worse than slaughter ; but fight them not [ 182 ] at the sacred mosque , unless they ( first ) fight you there ; but if they fight you , slay them . 
  such is the reward of those who suppress faith . 
  [ 183 ] 192 but if they cease , god is oft-forgiving , most merciful . 
  193 ** and fight them on until there is no more tumult or oppression , and there prevail justice and faith in god ; [ 184 ] but if they cease , [ 185 ] let there be no hostility except to those who practise oppression . 
  ** to sum up : you have never read the quran , you didnt even try cause this comes from the 2nd surah , so you literally didnt even open the book but rely on what you perceive to be written in it . 
  the verses are clear . 
  if they do not fight , you shouldnt fight . 
  if they do , you are allowed to kill them , without transgressing ( it means no killing of civilians allowed . 
  hence terrorism is forbidden by the very quran itself ) . 
  how is this wrong ? 
  if someone attacks you , your land , your family , you are supposed to do nothing and be fucked over ? 
  in christianity : yes , in judaism and islam : no . 
  only a german would talk about productivity in this context . 
  post the whole passages + commentary pretty please ?
