  petrarca knew arabic poetry  arabes vero quales medici tu scis . 
  ** quales autem poetae scio ego ** , nihil blandius , nihil mollius , nihil enervatius , nihil turpius [ i also know what kind of poets they are ] we also have funny written complains about too much interest for arabic  i giovani cristiani , belli d\u2019aspetto , eleganti nel parlare , distinti negli abiti e nei gesti , di grande cultura , affascinati dalla lingua araba , studiano con grande avidit\u00e0 , leggono con straordinaria attenzione , discutono con vivace partecipazione i libri dei caldei '' [ ... ] . 
  short translation [ the young christians attracted by arabic language learn and study with so much care the books of the caldeans ( = the arabs , caldea = iraq = baghdad ) . . oh , pity , the christians do n't know their language anymore ... so that in every christian community is hard to find someone who can utter words of salvation to his brother ] \u00c1lvaro of c\u00f3rdoba ( ix century , spain ), 
  sorry :( as i said i 'm a pure classical listener . 
  i 'm aware that popular traditions were heavily influenced too , expecially in the balklans ( and greece too ) but i just do n't know enough about those traditions to write about . 
  i ca n't say that for sure . 
  i know that medieval european music and instruments are directly derived from arabic ones to the point that modern performers of medieval music base their performances on traditional arabic music because , unlike western music , it did n't change that much . 
  so by listening to traditional north african musicians we can have a practical glimpse on how european medieval music * may * have sounded like . 
  but yes , northafrican/middle eastern/mediterranean music was so intermingled that direct relationships between them are sure , it 's just not possible , and not correct , to say which derived from which . 
  it was most likely a back and forth between them . 
  listen to this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tq-sxszj3y some sections almost sound like a spanish dance . 
  it 's not a coincidence that courtly love went from west to east ( spain  france ) and south to north ( kingdom of sicily  northern italy ) . 
  both spain and sicily were obviously heavy influenced by arabic music and poetry . 
  and we also know that arabic musicians were directly present at those european courts . 
  in fact there are many recent recordings and concerts that deal with mediterranean music as a whole . 
  was heavily recorded by eduardo paniagua https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-_vcnwjmxm, 
  everything that i wrote is referenced , you can watch the videos yourself ( you did n't ) . 
  besides , i have never mentioned anything about political history , that was not my aim . 
  what should even be suspicious ? 
  and where do you see me lecturing on relevant history ? 
  that polish-ottoman relationships in most people 's minds are associated with the 1683 victory only , seeing poles and turks as nothing but enemies ( an idea which has been expressed openly even on this sub ) . 
  this is a simplistic view of history which disregards centuries of good relations and cultural contacts . 
  but , as i said , it is easy to open an history book dealing with political-diplomatic ties , it is much harder to come across systematic bibliography about cultural ones , expecially music . 
  so it is quite ironic that the country credited for having a major role in their defeat was also the country that produced the man credited for having preserved ottoman music for us to hear . 
  arabic thinkers of the middle ages believed that southerners ( = mediterraneans ) were more civil than the barbarious northerners , due to different climate . 
  the ones migrating the most are usually the ones complaining about immigration the most . 
  excessively emotional and cringe . 
  he read it on reddit . 
  shared values what ? 
  early 20th century south italian culture was 100 % = to north africa . 
  when italy was united the north politicians called the south people `` bedouin '' and `` africans '' , claiming they could n't and would n't integrate . 
  you 're project the present of an happy progressist europe on the past . 
  european culture has been heavily influenced by muslims in the past . 
  why do you want to cancel your history ? 
  is that coat of arms for real . . 
  visitor q. 
  if anyone watched it he will understand . 
  judging from your 19th century style comment if we had to help people based on their iq you would n't get any help ever . 
  even the clothes were probably given to them in the first place . 
  it was a time of heavy circlejerking about the ethnographic past and some museums ( re ) created `` historical '' folkloristic clothes based on their romantic view of how they must have been looking like . 
  never enough . 
  women in the west generally have the unwritten rights to always be seen as the innocent victims who are brainwashed by their men into committing criminal acts . 
  shariah law is empty term . 
  it is just a word uses to describe law in accordance with islamic precepts . 
  but which actual laws to choose is not set in stones , different schools have different thoughts . 
  so the term shariah is somewhat neutral . 
  besides , as long as they do n't break the current laws they are allowed to speak in favour of their proposed solutions , just like many christians discuss abortion and marriage and adoption . 
  every archaeologist is made to learn german . 
  you ca n't do archaeology without learning at least to read it . 
  badhistoricalthought, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re_4wsihj1w !, 
  looks like you got triggered . 
  there is probably not one single aspect of british culture and history that is not tied to continental europe . 
  arabic has had a far greater cultural impact in europe than romanian ever did and will . 
  let 's vote the anti-semitic far-right to keep jews safe from the muslims !, 
  tribes would mingle with each other . 
  and being from different tribes did n't stop anyone from mixing cultures . 
  just open any book of world history and see how the stuff happening in the west ( rome , greece ) would culturally come in contact and merge with the stuff happening in the east ( india , cina , mongolian lands ) . 
  the world has always been globalist and multicultural , we just did n't have the means back then to share ideas in couple seconds so it took time for the cultural processess to happen . 
  today it takes 1 hour to go from africa to europe . 
  in fact it is very hard to trace any meaningful phenomenon to a singular source . 
  multiculturalism predates nations . 
  source on prehistoric marriages ? 
  they left no written traces so i doubt we can know what type of marriage traditions they had . 
  just because they disagree with progressive policies ? 
  fine by me , i dream of a europe without conservative right wingers . 
  what 's wrong with it . 
  better to study it than to be ignorant and follow the first guy telling you what jihad is . 
  if all the muslims following isis had a real knowledge of islamic history and theology they wouldnt join isis in the first place . 
  leaving it here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teu7lfpgzak pierogi 4 lyf, 
  in fact italian towns in the center-north were full of towers , sometimes even connected to each other through bridges . 
  here 's how bologna may have looked like in the late middle ages http://www.tizianovincenzi.it/wp-content/uploads/le-torri-medievali-di-bologna-veduta.jpg http://www.tizianovincenzi.it/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/ricostruzione-bologna.jpg they also had extra spaces outside made of wood and secured to the main body using wooden poles , which is why towers are full of postholes . 
  a reconstruction here https://youtu.be/5u5msluzzzc?t=910 ( 15:10 ) these towers were n't built for art 's sake but to serve as real `` mini '' fortressess in a period where family feuds would make even leaving your home dangerous . 
  the head of the family would reside in the upper floors , which were safer from attacks . 
  ultimately the town comuni got fed of the situation and measures were taken to limit the number and size of these towers : many were cut . 
  italy had a modern-looking skyline before skyscrapers were even invented . 
  too bad if you were part of the wrong family you could be killed the moment you stepped out of it . 
  for anyone interested in this particular aspect of italian architecture i 'd suggest this https://www.edx.org/course/global-history-architecture-mitx-4-605x lecture 22 . 
  polish cities are rather weird to me . 
  lifeless post era buildings sitting close by old churches and pseudo-old architecture . 
  just look the buildings in front of here https://www.google.it/maps/@51.1099445,17.0358518,3a,75y,278.05h,105.67t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sojv-zqn-okrzd1oq932kug!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1, 
  uh , the communist `` dark '' ages gave us a lot too . 
  shostakovich for example . 
  so you lump 3 different ideologies together to prove that they are more dangerous than a single one ? 
  ordinary germans are enemies too , because they are mindlessing siding with the muslims to destroy the germanic white christian culture . 
  if you do n't praise jews you are already committing holocaust denial . 
  calling them dickhead is legit then ? 
  well , there are gyros shop everywhere . 
  go in and give them the seal of greeciness . 
  that 's like saying that supporting workers , like the left does , is irrational cause many of them are uneducated and share homophobic ideas ( which they do , being a worker make you just a worker not an enlightened open mind ) . 
  your argument is literally contradicting itself . 
  because the left ( idiotic term in itself ) supports the same basic rights for everyone regardless of their political ideas . 
  i 'm very left and i think trumpvoters should have the same rights as everyone else , even though i believe the world would be better without them altogether . 
  i reject the backwards ideology of many muslims , but i support human rights and help for them as persons . 
  i treat them as humans when i deal with them just as i 'm dealing with you as a human regardless of how wrong are your arguments . 
  they support equal rights and dignity for everyone . 
  the left has always fought for human rights . 
  only because someone is muslim does n't mean he should n't deserve a better life . 
  that 's like saying if i 'm a doctor and i take care of a neonazi patient i 'm supporting anti-semitism , violence and mass murder . 
  every intollerant verse in the quran has its counterpart in the tanakh .
