  everything is referenced . 
  just because europed had had something since antiquity does n't mean that something could n't have been lost and reintroduced later , just like greek culture which was reintroduced during the renaissance even though europe literally had it since antiquity . 
  both floors have eight rooms and an eight-sided courtyard occupies the castle 's centre . 
  each of the main rooms has vaulted ceilings . 
  three of the corner towers contain staircases . 
  the castle has two entrances , an unobtrusive service entrance and an ornate main entrance . 
  frederick 's main entrance featured elements from classical design , and may have been influenced by frederick 's interest in greco-roman architecture . 
   the castle , an important symbol of the puglia region , appears on the back side of the italian issue 1 euro cent coin . 
  arab culture , since the king himself spoke arabic . 
  you know , money is n't everything in life if it comes with higher social costs . 
  when unification happened the northerner politicians actually called the sicilians `` bedouins '' , due to their look and behaviour . 
  italy is dry aswell . 
  things are n't pretty . 
  slavery was crucial to roman and greek development , without slavery we would n't have plato , greek theater , science , and so on . 
  is slavery good ? 
  if you reason only by profit alone then mafia is the best thing ever , they make so much money flow , they get commissions to build houses , bridges , and so on . 
  if you move to saudi you must respect their laws , not become a saudi . 
  damn , thouse southern communists still rocking their bombs . 
  the usual pseudo-conspiracy logic . 
  the people are just being deceived by politicians paid by soros . 
  germany is not a democracy anymore . 
  it 's the same that happens in south italy with italian boys . 
  they have no future , they are mocked by the rest of the country , so they join organized crime to achieve a life `` worth living '' ( respect , money , girls , power ) . 
  nah , people that did read but do not care anyway . 
  if only i could sell tinfoil hats to every commenter here i 'd be rich for the rest of the life . 
  hammer down any car found parking where it should n't . 
  if enough people do it i 'm sure the country wo n't jail dozens of citizens to asslick the diplomats , unless they want political suicide . 
  wrong . 
  imperial rome , some 2000 years ago , was generally more diverse than the average european city today . 
  many roman citizens did n't even speak latin , they had their own customs and traditions , and followed their own religions . 
  same can be said about any other major empire/civilization . 
  you ca n't make such statements by cherrypicking what fits your propaganda . 
   it 's your own responsibility to assimilate into their culture wrong . 
  you 're only legally obliged to respect the law . 
  we live in a modern europe , you can feticize your traditions as much as you want but no one is forced to follow them . 
  a sexist country that still believe in a divine emperor with a faulty judicial system and where girls get groped regularly ? 
  yeah , beacon of civilization . 
  10/10 would still get jailed there anyway . 
  where has he said that ? 
  i love when i read weather forecast here in italy : no clouds no wind skin melting sun and 35 \u00b0 but the tiles read `` nice weather this week ! '' . 
  yeah . 
  ca n't even sit at pc . 
  how did people survive this before ac and fans existed ? 
  the planet was probably so much more beautiful back then . 
  in italy we have some drinks called `` milk '' which have no milk in them whatsoever , and they have been called like this since long long time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/almond_milk are italians gon na stop calling their traditional products by their traditional names because of the eu ? 
   you 'd almost think torture is coming back , the right to a fair trial is going to be scrapped and the uk is intending to become a slaver nation . 
  not to far from reality . 
  are we talking about recent history or history as a whole ? 
  i do n't see a problem with # 4 . 
  giving aid to people in distress in the sea is compulsory , you are actually legally obliged to help them and move them to a safe place . 
  they are n't criminals , get over it and stop making shit up . 
  you ca n't know whether someone actually qualifies for refugee status before you bring them up and process their requests . 
  destroying your own country 's legal system just to not let le muslims get to europe ? 
  it 's like cutting your penis to take revenge on your cheating girlfriend . 
  the mediterranean route has been going on for so long , nothing ever stoped people from dying in the desert , or in libia , or in the sea , to reach the west . 
  can you post scientific medical sources or you 're talking out of belief ? 
  the buddha punishing you for not believing is just philosophy ? 
  yes and no . 
  etruscan and roman art have been influenced by the greeks since the very beginning . 
  there has never been a truly roman or etruscan art and architecture . 
  yes , catholics still worship the medieval philosophers who called for genocide of heretics . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bernard_of_clairvaux and they still worship the evangelizers who went around the world forcefull converting the indigenous population . 
  if all you care is for a texas v2 just stay at home . 
  there is more happening than the average pop song . 
  head covering has been the norm in the west for millennia , way before christ was even born . 
  if you check any historical picture you 'll see women were often veiled . 
  even videos from rural part of europe 100 ago will show you veiled women . 
  which is why ivanka had to cover her hairs in the recent vatican visit . 
  i never understood european traditionalists opposing islam . 
  an islamic society would be way more close to a traditional christian society of the past ( pre enlightenment ) than a modern european society ever will . 
  they follow a different religion but they should be happy that muslims are actually opposed to progress . 
  sort of enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
  maybe you should read the whole nt , smartass . 
   8 after this , when jesus knew that all was now finished , he said ( in order to fulfill the scripture ) , `` i am thirsty . '' 29 a jar full of sour wine was standing there . 
  so they put a sponge full of the wine on a branch of hyssop and held it to his mouth . 
  30 when jesus had received the wine , he said , `` it is finished . '' then he bowed his head and gave up his spirit . 
  the death of jesus is the fulfilment , the ultimate accomplishment . 
  that 's the core belief of every branch of christianity . 
  what if you had more attacks without it ? 
  thumbnail looks like sushi rolls . 
  not every person in need of help is automatically a `` plus '' , whatever it means . 
  even if they literally were all phd surgeons you would n't find job/housing/services for millions of surgeons in a single country . 
  defend from what ? 
  there is no one attaccking . 
  you are legally obliged to give help in the sea . 
  yes , even you as a private citizen , if you see a bunch of migrants in distress you must do your best to keep them safe while you await assistance . 
  and to bring them to the closest safe place without breaking other countries ' water . 
  so what is left ? 
  italy is the only place which fulfills all the requisites . 
  but what do you know ? 
  i agree . 
  american culture spam everywhere is horrific . 
  i hate to hear italian people on the streets use random english words for no particular reason just because they learned them on youtube . 
   nowadays , does the pantheon still need to be a religious monument or have religious ceremonies performed in it ? 
  yes . 
  nothing is stoping them from traveling to ee and do it , if they wanted to . 
  which demographic trend ? 
  even immigrants make less children once they get in the west . 
  average muslim family is already down to barely over 2 kids per couple i think .
