  soon only those who pass the dna race test will be allowed to be called polish . 
  `` freedom for me , law and regulations for others . '', 
  berliner centenary edition ? 
  and let me remind you chrisianity is a middle eastern religion , which could develop because imperial rome was a multiculti society where people from all the empire flocked and practiced their own cults , of which christianity was nothing but the lucky one ( history of christianity 101 ) . 
  and let me remind you europe is the product of many different ethnicities that got culturally integrated at different times . 
  it is a joke that you , a pole , a slav , talk about european culture and christianity when you were not even a thing when europe and christianity started to develop . 
  you do n't have to act like you 're the center of european culture to overcompensate . 
  i 'm going to quote the transcript for those we ca n't follow  `` look , having nuclear -- my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer , dr. john trump at mit ; good genes , very good genes , ok , very smart , the wharton school of finance , very good , very smart -- you know , if you 're a conservative republican , if i were a liberal , if , like , ok , if i ran as a liberal democrat , they would say i 'm one of the smartest people anywhere in the world -- it 's true ! -- but when you 're a conservative republican they try -- oh , do they do a number -- that 's why i always start off : went to wharton , was a good student , went there , went there , did this , built a fortune -- you know i have to give my like credentials all the time , because we 're a little disadvantaged -- but you look at the nuclear deal , the thing that really bothers me -- it would have been so easy , and it 's not as important as these lives are ( nuclear is powerful ; my uncle explained that to me many , many years ago , the power and that was 35 years ago ; he would explain the power of what 's going to happen and he was right -- who would have thought ? 
  ) , but when you look at what 's going on with the four prisoners -- now it used to be three , now it 's four -- but when it was three and even now , i would have said it 's all in the messenger ; fellas , and it is fellas because , you know , they do n't , they have n't figured that the women are smarter right now than the men , so , you know , it 's gon na take them about another 150 years -- but the persians are great negotiators , the iranians are great negotiators , so , and they , they just killed , they just killed us . 
  you proved his point . 
  priests quote peace and love passages , yet the church used them to kill heretics and conquer lands . 
  they too converted people with threat of death , just look at south america or sea . 
  americans read the same passages , yet they think welfare is bad and lawless capitalism is good , they also think is good to bomb people on the other side of the world . 
  terrorism is not in the quran . 
  and jihad must follow rules , you ca n't just grab a bomb and claim jihad . 
  open a history book . 
  multiculturalism always existed . 
  you think rome was populated by romans only ? 
  you think classical athen was populated by greeks only ? 
  everyone talking about culture , no one defying what they mean by it . 
  speaking english ? 
  drinking tea ? 
  dressing the english way ? 
  being white ? 
  being christian ? 
  eating pudding ? 
  all these things must be together or 1 of them is enough to be brit ? 
  do all brits live the same way , do they all share the same culture ? 
  you obviously do since you are obsessed with them `` pc people '' . 
  what ? 
  camorra in naples uses kids to sell drugs and do the hits ( killing people ) because they ca n't get punished . 
  field walking probably . 
  you 'd be surprised how much ancient shit lies catteted on the ground . 
  it is still bad logic . 
  this guy has commited an heinous crime , but thousand of others did n't . 
  imagine if we had to use the same logic for every nationality . 
  `` uh this polish guy made a robbery , who can blame people for not wanting all poles ? 
  `` uh this italian guy was a mafioso who blew up an italian mafia restaurant in germany , who can blame germans for not wanting italians ? '', 
  `` uh this brit chav drank himself to coma and punched innocent bystanders to death meanwhile , who can blame spaniards for not wanting brits ? '', 
  and so on . 
  the major of london is as muslim as this guy , so why look at the half empty and not the half full ? 
  not even , since the ratio of normal-living muslims to criminal muslims is not 50:50 . 
  it is really cherry picking in its most shameless form . 
  the main reason why poland and hungary do not want muslims is because `` culture '' , whatever it means for them . 
  how dumb and lonely can you even be to begin with to think that you equal your country ? 
  i see it very often . 
  people talking as if they were the country . 
  like , ee europeans , uses from balkans , turks vs greeks , all people that was n't even born when all these things happaned . 
  and even if , there is nothing wrong in admitting your country 's mistakes . 
  it 's the niggas and the beaners !!, 
  the city of monteverdi . 
  slippery slope . 
  different values . 
  more like  lol t_d and actually leaving their rooms ? 
  do we really have to accept this propaganda piece ? 
  no country has its own unique culture . 
  if by that you mean a pure `` untouched '' culture . 
  every country 's culture is a product of many influxed ( from within and without ) adapted to local standards . 
  for example in the renaissance age hungary was a destination to quite a few italians who were shaping hungarian high culture . 
  see https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/aurelio_brandolini_lippo it 's a shame that in 2017 you 're more backwards and closed-minded than your ancestors . 
  i recall some of them saying they do n't care about polluting the underground water because they drink bottled water anyway . 
  i wonder if they could 've foreseen . 
  are cremlin bots actually so hot irl ? 
  is everyone moving westward somewhere . 
  you 're a real alpha not like these cucks who do n't accept the good old political violence . 
  nah poles are just good at playing the victim card on this sub . 
  they never do anything wrong . 
  poles migrants do n't commit crimes . 
  a country persecuted by the western liberal army . 
  muslims have been living in poland for centuries . 
  similar culture you mean drinking to death ? 
  we like old buildings because they had to be functional as well as good looking and generally long lasting . 
  we like them because is like getting in touch with our past . 
  history books are nice , but they are just printed words on a sheet of paper . 
  walking the same streets where a roman emperor walked , experiencing the same visual and spatial stimuli they experienced , smelling and touching the same kind of stone , it 's a jump back into the past . 
  and rebuilding them is the only way sometimes we can at least mimic the above mentioned experience . 
  right dumb wingers always circlejerk about their traditions forgetting that cover the head has been tradition in europe since the greeks . 
  watch any picture from rural villages 100 years ago and many women were still veiled . 
  saint paul suggests women should be veiled in church . 
  my individual village is my home , not an entire country . 
  2017 the internet age . 
  indeed . 
  many people are so afraid of everything that happens outside their little bedrooms that they ca n't use proper logic . 
  it is fine , i too was afraid of the dark man under the bed when i was a child . 
  they 'll grow up eventually ... 
  yep , definitely not a racism problem in this sub . 
  just users making shit jokes about a group of people for unknown reasons . 
  ah wait , they are brown and probably muslims , let 's bash them guys !, 
  they deserve to be mocked for their existance alone . 
  who are those `` liberals '' ? 
  the ones in your paranoic mind ? 
  there is nothing to come up with . 
  he that commited a crime , gets punished if found guilty . 
  charge them with crimes they do not commit ? 
  what 's next , send them to the firing squad with no due process ? 
  laws require everyone to give assistance in the middle of the sea . 
  even you casually passing there with your private boat are required to contact the local authorities ( guardia costiera ) and bring the drowning people up . 
  what a low level propaganda . 
  ngos operate under the watch of local authorities . 
  everything they do is perfectly legal because by law you are forced to give help in the sea to whoever is in need .
