  circumcision is the proof that you are , effectively , part of god 's people . 
  it is probably the highest expression of jewishness . 
  made in chitaly . 
  of course someone got ta bring up the muslims even in this case . 
  a good amount of people do not even know their own culture , they just parrot it . 
  we dont . 
  pedophilia is a medical term . 
   pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in which an adult or older adolescent experiences a primary or exclusive sexual attraction to prepubescent children afaik in the narratives about muhammad passed down to us ( mostly inaccurate anyway ) the prophet doesnt show to be primarily attracted to children . 
  you just quoted the quran quoting a biblical story . 
  i wish fundings for historical/archaeological/cultural preservation would raise proportionally with the number of tourists . 
  in 100 years every monument will have to be closed to the public . 
  i often wonder how really folk these clothes are . 
  uhm no . 
  nordic countries more music oriented ? 
  you have a very romantic view of italy , expecially south italy . 
  maybe you meant : poverty , corruption , abuses and exploitation in regions that often resembles more of north africa than of civilized europe . 
  christian liturgy enforces strict chores as much as islam . 
  you do not have daily dietary laws but you do have temporary ones . 
  fasting , prayers and liturgical attendance all are present in christianity since the very beginning . 
  do you live in the middle ages ? 
  in a globalized world there is not our/their problem , cause any action from a 1st world country will have effects on the others , and vice versa . 
  our faults ( climate ) will become their problems which in turn will make their faults ( over population ) become our problem . 
  there is no single culprit here . 
  all humans are . 
  because nowhere does the quran command to go kill innocent people . 
  no fucking where . 
  it only commands to fight those who fight them . 
  but it does command to help the ones in need and the poors and to avoid pointless killing . 
  the current islamic terrorism is based on 20th century ideologies , not on the original scriptures . 
  it doesnt matter . 
  the modern greeks are the rightful heirs of what their civilizations produced . 
  their history didnt change as much as other countries , so its not like they are a completely different ethnic group that came after . 
  besides , being allah god in a general way it could be said to me a multiconfessional ad !, 
  and this has to do what with the discussion ? 
  just trying to be funny ? 
  nope . 
  go on , find examples of widespread charity and equality in the graeco-roman world . 
  you wo n't find any . 
  there were hints here and there but never as widespread . 
  christianity unified ( and then divided later on ) europe . 
  we did n't speak the same language , but we were all christians from north to south . 
  again , not even the romans spread as much as christianity did ( although christianity made use of roman expansion of course ) . 
  reddit is simply a huge anti-historical circlejerk unable to give credits where credits are due anytime religion is involved . 
  except it shaped our european thought like nothing else did . 
  ever heard about equality and charity ? 
  guess why we 've been the only one to develop those concepts . 
  that can be said about any activity . 
  can guess what kind of `` reading '' you did . 
  https://www.google.it/maps/@44.4738923,11.3999491,3a,75y,58.54h,91.18t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sqhhx49avm6tjh0rh5sv8hw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 next to it is via cracovia which means ulica krakowska . 
  well , since we are top3 beloved country by polish , this is what i saw walking here in italy yesterday http://imgur.com/a/wvyk9, 
  that 's an oversemplification . 
  most of our culture also comes from the middle east , or from the greeks who took it from the middle east . 
  i doubt the greeks were the founders of europe 's original principles since the greek civilization is fundamentally incompatible with ours ( slavery , class division , aristocracy , women forced at home ) and the greeks never ever thought about an united europe . 
  middle-european people who idolize the greeks here are quite laughable given what the greeks thought of them . 
  sure * some * of of their ideas have been fundamental for shaping our modern culture but is weird how they get romanticized in this thread . 
  but if he hears it daily it must be true !, 
  judging a person who lived in 7th century arabia with today 's eyes if unfair and badhistory . 
  wow , all of them ? 
  you 've actually spoken to billion + people ? 
  props to the man/woman refusing to take any photo . 
  a rare breed . 
  a fake pronunciation which is based on the ideas of a germanic speaking guy ( erasmus ) who could n't accept how modern greek sounded , and which contrasts with the epigraphic finds since other greek dialects were already showing signs of modernized pronunciation well into the v b.c. 
  it 's literally just about reading it as it is written which makes no sense cause modern greek is still written like that but spelled differently . 
  orthography does n't equal pronunciation in pretty much any language . 
  for example allen 's explanation of how [ oi ] sounded  oi here also a diphthongal pronunciation is clearly indicated at least until roman times ( e.g. 
  vl , p. 62 ) . 
  the most obvious interpretation would be as [ oi ] in e.g. 
  english toy , coin ; no proofs whatsoever . 
  the most `` obvious '' interpretation of course is the anglicized one . 
  but then he accepts that it may have sounded closer to i than oi because other dialects were already showing sings of that . 
  of course there is much good in these reconstructions but it is ridiculous that in the end , both latin and greek , end up sounding like english/german speakers speak them today , rather than how greeks/italians/french / spanish do . 
  besides , while we are sure that people in i-ii current era pronounced homer like modern greeks ( which we can hear ) we are n't sure people ever pronounced homer with the reconstructed pronunciation , hence is more historically accurate to use a modern pronunciation . 
  how did people even live in places like this ? 
  farming the lands around ? 
  or is it just a touristic recration ? 
  guess who supports the government ? 
  its citizens . 
  there are way more marxists that oppose that than those who 'd agree with the destruction . 
  maybe you should stop analyzing the minds of others . 
  what a surprise , the most anti-immigration countries are the most emigrating ones . 
  that if we 're responsible for something we should face the consequences . 
  besides , in a globalized world pointing fingers at others is laughable . 
  nations do n't live inside glass domes so the choices made by any country are responsible for what is/may/will happen to the rest of the world . 
  sure african people are making some choice that will affect us , but so did ( and still do ) we . 
  people in 2017 still wanting to build walls and pick up tribal fights instead of accepting the reality that we should try to equalize the world as much as possible and start to recognize that we 're all living on the same piece of rock . 
  riding a green car wo n't change things much now . 
  actually someone on here few days ago wrote exactly that . 
  no need to go to right wing forums , sadly . 
   islam 's unique mixing of the political and religious . 
  the tanakh is just the same . 
  probably t_d brigating . 
  organic social identities that almost did n't even exist 200y ago . 
  can you remind me what part of the earth is most responsible for current climate change ? 
  at least you can be happy they use lots of greek loanwords . 
  that 's how states work already . 
  you do n't get to do whatever you want . 
  you can choose to lose weight ( unless you 're seriously ill ) you ca n't choose to change your skin color . 
  we 're only here to circlejerk about european culture and tradition , not to actually be interested in it !, 
  well , an historical example of / r/thathappened, 
  fight brown backwardness with white backwardness .
