  he was n't . 
  he was just fear mongering to get the juicy money . 
  what a bunch of bs . 
  their grandfathers were already complaining about their identities , and so did their grandgrandfathers and so on . 
  every generation look back at the golden age of their `` culture '' . 
  most people straight up make up traditions that never existed or died loooooong time ago . 
  this is nothing new nor limited to the contemporary world . 
  when augustus became emperor he tried to revive the traditional italic values by artificially resurrecting customs that had been dead for centuries , building them up from scratch in the process because no one knew what the fuck those customs entailed . 
  similarly when mussolini and hitler rose to power they tried to reestablish archaic values : the german people , the italian people . 
  of course neither hitler nor mussolini had any real knowledge of what they were talking about , they were just tried to recreate an idea they had in their minds . 
  besides , when do you put the line ? 
  90s france ? 
  18th century france ? 
  9th century france ? 
  dae the golden age of chivarly and serfdom let 's revive it . 
  ridiculous . 
  no proofs of that whatsoever . 
  why so . 
  it happened in the past and humans are humans . 
  that 's not proper journalism , that 's shit journalism . 
  lucid analysis and opinions is what differentiate a great journalist from a bad one . 
  i do n't think anyone ever denied the presence of isis member among the immigrants . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  south italian traditional culture , the one that everyone tries to defend from the muslim invasion , is actually way more similar to mena cultures than to nordic ones . 
  it is exactly like turkey : archaic pagan beliefs mixed with an overarching monotheist religion in a supposedly secular country . 
  there is an apparent equality of gender but in truth the male is still expected to be the man of the house and the woman to take care of the children . 
  jealousy is also quite widespread . 
  also the food culture is obviously closer to turkey and other mediterranean countries than to north european ones . 
  yeah , true . 
  but it is pretty annoying how everytime someone dies people try to make him a saint and a hero . 
  he died in a horrible way , we 're all saddened by this , but there is no reason to paint him as a hero who saved dozens of lives , cause he did n't ( if the news is correct ) . 
  right , because there is not a different attitude towards blacks and towards whites . 
  because zionists use the same equation to label anyone who criticises their actions as anti-semite son of hitler . 
  did n't you read his comments ? 
  if they follow their ambitions all those people will stop starving and become billionaires !, 
  latin should since it is not tied up to any specific country animore ( well , except the vatican ) . 
  we ca n't know what philosophy he would 've today . 
  as much as convenient of course . 
  how exactly is a moroccan stopping germans to live as germans ? 
  being german is not a race anyway . 
  and it definitely sound like you have issues if you ca n't tolerate people looking different than you without feeling distressed . 
  tl ; dr  as we demonstrate , cultural cleavages do exist . 
  they are not monolithic . 
  the largest differences between muslim and western societies are found in religiosity , gender roles and sexual norms . 
  this does not mean that migrants are constructing a sub\u2010culture that is entirely separate from the mainstream national cultures of western societies ; instead , muslim migrants living in western societies are located roughly in the center of the cultural spectrum , located between the publics living in islamic and western societies . 
  it is entirely possible -- indeed , we think it rather likely -- that some degree of self\u2010selection may be involved : those who choose to immigrate to the u.s. or to spain may already have values that are relatively compatible with those of their future host country . 
  but even if this is true , these findings contradict the idea that immigrants simply import an unmodified version of the values of their own country into their new host country . 
  in the long\u2010term , the basic cultural values of migrants appear to change in conformity with the predominant culture of each society . 
  &  nevertheless , substantial national differences are apparent , and the gap between muslim and western societies is particularly large . 
  they do not concern fundamental disagreement about whether democracy is a desirable form of government . 
  but they do involve tolerance of sexual liberalization and women 's equality -- and tolerance is a particularly crucial aspect of a democratic political culture &  cultural differences are a potential fault line that demagogues can exploit to inflame hatred between groups . 
  but there is nothing inevitable about cultural conflict . 
  depending on conditions , diversity can be seen either as threatening or as a positive contribution towards the innovation and creativity that makes society and economies adapt successfully to new challenges in a globalized world in even shorter terms : immigrants tend to conform to the host country 's culture . 
  they do n't oppose democracy but they are not as liberal as us regarding sexuality and gender roles . 
   even if she is monarch of a foreign nation and utterly unrelated to me . 
  unintentional low blow ? 
  i understand they died but to call this choir world class artists it 's a punch in the face to true russian artists ( that is , people who study and do arts as profession ) . 
  this is a military choir not different from the military bands of pretty much every modern country . 
  we can be sad about them without making up stuff . 
  `` we should kling to our ancestral beliefs and never look at the modern world and the future '', 
  most of these `` traditions '' were straight up made up in 19th century when every country went crazy about their national roots . 
  so i was being indoctrinated too when my parents didnt want to let me go outside as a kid naked ? 
  damn . 
  if most people feel unconfortable going around naked is execatly because we 've been indoctrinated since childhood . 
  but here 's the thing , if it 's western indoctrination we call it culture and civilization , if it 's eastern we call it indoctrination and barbaric . 
  every culture `` indoctrinates '' their children to behave ( and dress ) a certain way . 
  as long as once reached maturity the person is not forced to follow the childhood teaching by force then i do n't see the problem . 
  i do n't feel abused cause i still wear jacket and trousers everyday . 
  a veil on the head is not different from a veil on the pube . 
  the european culture is a mix of many different local and ethnic cultures , even jewish and muslim ones . 
  grab a book of global history regardless of the main subject . 
  food , arts , science , philosophy . 
  there is nothing that has n't been influenced by foreign cultures . 
  i mean germans still study ancient greek and latin which have nothing to do with ethnic german culture . 
  italian typical cousine is full of food imported from america or from muslim lands . 
  the process of drying pasta was invented by the muslims . 
  the most anti immigration in europe are hungary and poland with barely any immigrants . 
  sure , let 's talk about it openly . 
  historically the most succesful societies were the multicultural ones . 
  there is a reason why italy , which has been shaped by dozens of different cultures from the nordic ones to the mena ones , is so full of history while `` monocultural '' societies like poland are basically a meme born in eu4 . 
  you know why no one gives a fuck about polish history except poland posters on r/europe ? 
  i 'll tell you : because deep inside people still think poles are nothing but the redneck slavs of europe . 
  usa , china , the british empire , ancient rome , the arab world , they were all heavy multicultural societies and to this very day they are the most fascinating to study and the most impactful ever existed . 
  that said , you do n't need to follow multikulti because you are already doing it . 
  you are a slav , writing on an american forum , in english , to people from countries that have barely anything in common with you . 
  yet i 'm sure most of what you consider polish today has been shaped by contact with different cultures . 
  you live in the most catholic country : a me religious branch of judaism that took his roots first and foremost in the mena world , yet you consider it your religion today and a symbol of polishness . 
  you follow ideologies developed by french and german thinkers , you do n't find a problem in that . 
  you consume entertainment from other countries as if it was your own and perhaps you follow customs imported ( sometimes by force ) by bigger powers in the past like germany and russia . 
  your food , your architecture , your music , your visual arts , everything is barely 100 % polish . 
  worth to risk life just to see trumpers like you going all apocalyptic on reddit . 
  weird , i 'm always told here on reddit that every mena muslim is a potential terrorist , they should be welcomed by their governments . 
  they are not the same language . 
  they are regional variants of late latin , each influenced by the respective cultures they came in contact with . 
  you can see that in salento there was a strong greek identity since kalo kristu is literally a bastardization of greek . 
  kalos = good/nice even in modern greek . 
  there are still greek speakers there today i believe . 
  most variants are simply phonological shifts that are common in every language group : t/d and a/e e/i shifts . 
  most of those are barely italy . 
  or simply those countries that actually count in world politics .
