  nothing wrong . 
  that 's how history works . 
  they will be the first-worlders of the future . 
  just like the first worlders of today werent exactly all natives of the lands they migrated to . 
  they are not immigrants , they are just humans . 
  what is with people 's obession with labelling other people ? 
  let 's close fastfoods and start to limit meat consumption by law then . 
  how many animals are actually killed in halal/kosher fashion ? 
  how many are killed otherwise ? 
  lmao this is crazy . 
  all of a sudden people that never gave any fuck about feminism and animal welfare are all becoming so supportive of these things just to oppose them muslims . 
  because , surely , a german sausage is harvested from the soil , not from animals who lived in shitty condition just so you could buy it for cheap . 
  christianity had female ministers at the very beginning . 
  most of the leaders addressed by paul in his letters are females . 
  only when christianity started to be istitutionalized it adopted a patriarchal hierarchy , common to their jewish roots and pagan roots . 
  no he cant . 
  beggars are still human . 
  it 's in their rights to search for a better place if they wish so . 
  they just got ta paint them as shit people anyway they can . 
  they are either unwelcome or ungrateful . 
  maybe you should study history ? 
  the old world was as multicultural as today 's , if not more . 
  talking about nature ? 
  you 're a troll , probably a religious one . 
  because the world is filled with different cultures and we dont live in the first turn of a civilization match . 
  that 's called globalization . 
  a ) many europeans believe exactly the same things as the muslims . 
  b ) muslims , expecially from north africa , are far from being a recent matter . 
  not only did muslims live in spain for close to 1000 years but also they were colonised by europeans up to barely 50 years ago . 
  the mena world and europe were never , literally never , far apart from each other . 
  in fact some european cultural tracts , expecially from south europe , are way more similar to theirs than they are to north europeans ', 
  dude dont you read americans in worldnews ? 
  we european are getting raped and killed by muslims as soon as we leave home . 
  they know better and we 're just too pc to admit it . 
  the most part of usa didnt even exist in 1776 though . 
  i 'd gladly live in a shitty political situation if my city would look so good . 
  these fuckers ? 
  she 's a swiss convert , not an immigrant . 
  the barbarians were part of the roman army and they were actually quite well integrated in the surrounding society . 
  `` they '' . 
  more like a bunch of them . 
  it 's just a minority position . 
  even further back anatolian people lived there . 
  greeks are invaders , as much as turks later on . 
  `` always '' . 
  you should rethink your history and stop making it start with the greeks ' migrations . 
  people livend those lands since thousands of years before the greeks even moved there . 
  i think you 've never met a teenager . 
  at 16 they already take part in group sex . 
  except this is not classical music but soundtrack music . 
  actually american culture has deleted or changed for the worse much more native european culture than all the other migrants groups put together . 
  disgusting how people here are always ready to defend european values and yet they allow bandits to keep their royal titles and possessions which they hoarded by fucking everyone else . 
  i dont understand why we let such backwards countries join the eu . 
  they should accept our european values first . 
  at the very least all regular private drivers should undergo health and car checkings as often as taxi drivers . 
  ca n't believe something so dangerous like driving a car in a packed city is taken so light heartedly my modern society . 
  source ? 
  because pizza is quoted in movies set beyond naples even before the 50s . 
  example : ladri di biciclette , 1948 , set in rome , the father asks the son if he wished to have a pizza . 
  sure it took some decased to go from quasi-local to massively popular but remember that they didnt live in the modern era , it wasnt as easy to just move north and open a pizzeria . 
  still , nothing to do with americans . 
  i agree , disgusting people those americans that still shit on socialists cause their head is filled with pseudo-freemarket propaganda . 
  so now we condemn people before they even commit crimes because they are `` prone '' to radicalization ? 
  for every muslim terrorist there are thousands who just try to find a normal job and improve their lives ; sometimes they can sometimes they cant . 
   he also served as a belgian army officer until 2009 . 
  uhm so you say there can be only one type of european ? 
  how do you know this man didnt speak the language ? 
  he served in the belgian army after all . 
  also , the middle east has been sharing history with europe since forever , africa didnt appear yesterday populated with people we have never heard of . 
  how do you know he did not behave like a normal european either ? 
  truth is , you dont . 
  you just make shit up in your mind filling your mouth with big words just to not accept that this man is european . 
  if people would n't need to rob due to wealth inequality this may not have happened . 
  this style of singing goes back , at the very least , 1500 years . 
  it is still cultivated in the eastern orthodox churches and may have been embraced in the western part of the empire as well . 
  while recalling the time spent in milan with ambrosius , augustine claims that ambrosius and his congregation sang in the eastern manner . 
  for what we know ( or rather , we dont know ) it may well go back farther than that and incorporate graeco-roman and hebraic elements making it , possibly , the oldest chant tradition we know of . 
  one of the modern greatest performers of byzantine music died very recently https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lykourgos_angelopoulos, 
  holy crap for real . 
  they are stealing our language !!!, 
  european values is an empty word . 
  me and you , while both europeans , sure do not have the same values if you complain like a jealous kid that you work while the poors live off welfare . 
  there are plenty of immigrants who have integrated . 
  your choice : educate them and hope as many as possible will integrate . 
  or , keep them ignorant and segregated and be sure that none will integrate . 
  this makes no sense . 
  w hat if i 'm against abortion and atheist ? 
  but european and me culture already shaped each other in the past . 
  european culture itself is nothing but a mix of different cultures : germanic , franks , slavs , latins , greeks , arabs , asians . 
  conversely in the me you can find many traces of european culture . 
  that 's how cultures work , they are fluid and they blend with each other . 
  hey , where is my freedom to pollute the environment , make a lot of noise , run over some walking peasant and literally destroy buildings and monuments turning them black from the smokes ? 
  do n't you know that driving a car to go buy chips in the shop 300m from my home is a human right ? 
  when everyone and their mother can become a pastor out of nowhere and spew random biblical bullshits . 
  sad day when most of the comments are about how/where to dump the migrants instead of how to change the system in order to improve their lives here and in their countries . 
  european values . 
  some pro-corporate cocksucker is going to do all those jobs for them for free just for `` exposure '' and a pat on the head like a good dog . 
  no , illuminist thinkers were deists . 
  and humanism wasnt atheist . 
  how do you know what they felt ?
