  you know algerians were migrating to europe way before merkel even existed , right ? 
  there is more than 1 video . 
  one of them is a 3some . 
  morally superior europeans defending 80 neonazis using violence against a group 1/4 of them . 
  it says obsessive focus on `` healthy '' eating . 
  nothing to do with veganism . 
  you can be veg and not be obsessed , just like you can eat normally without falling into binge eating ( which is a illness ) . 
  also if you think only a veg can be obsessed with healthy food think again or go out of your basement . 
  you 're twisting stuff up to claim your retarded point . 
  do you even see those buildings ? 
  the muslims attack our culture , the poles attack our economy . 
  i guess that 's the reasoning . 
  and they have plugs under the seats . 
  i would put it even differently : altruism vs selfishness . 
  do you think only people like `` you '' deserve what you have , or everyone does ? 
  because i can believe in states and still agree about open borders . 
  what the fuck this has to do with people claiming the ottoman would 've turned europe into a shithole ? 
  because the ottoman empire didnt produce anything worth mentioning , uh . 
  why didnt they use classical ottoman music :(, 
  those ac unites on the right building are like a punch in the balls . 
  ( honestly the whole building is ), 
  cars killed our cities . 
  insecure people think that allowing foreigners into a country is a conspiracy of the left to destroy the host culture . 
  human rights are called human rights cause they apply to all humans , they arent called european citizen rights . 
  there is nothing tricky about that . 
  what europe is turning into ? 
  we 've had the exact same stories about eastern-europeans camps here in italy in the past decade . 
  and , of course , everytime is the end of the world . 
  the situation will get better over time . 
  so they should be allowed to dodge taxes and we should let them cause `` backslash '' . 
  well to be fair that quote sounds harsher than what it may be . 
  it is quite common in the islamic world to reduce everything down to `` allah 's will '' . 
  this sentiment can still be found today in some desolated areas of south italy where doesnt matter what it happens it is always `` grazie alla madonna e tutti i santi '' ( thanks to our lady and all the saints '' . 
  so it may not be that those syryans are trying to not be thankful rather they grew up thinking that everything is happening thanks to allah . 
  that being said the article is quite balanced and it 's expecially important the part at the end  the german government thinks the challenge of integration boils down to teaching refugees german and getting them jobs . 
  then some people wonder why even normal refugees , or 2nd-3rd generation immigrants , join isis while having a job and supposedly a normal life . 
  how can people be extreme anarchist and go around with the latest iphone daddy bought them ? 
  in either cases it has nothing to do with religion or true political motivations . 
  just like in the past only the plebs paid taxes while the aristocracy and the clergy were mostly tax-free . 
  i thought we were done with that bullshit . 
  who cares ? 
  providing jobs doesnt entitle you to loophole the law . 
  the pizzeria under my house operated by 3 pakistani provide jobs too , i bet my balls no one would defend them if they cheated taxes . 
  sigh , protesting in 2016 : nothing but a / r/funny worth picture . 
  such a bullshit argument . 
  then we shouldnt punish the mafia cause in a way or another produces jobs and brings in money . 
  so now being a rich company entitles you to cheat the law ? 
  what about small company owners ? 
  should they stop to pay taxes cause they are providing jobs after all ? 
  alright guys , given the quality of the answers in this thread i 'd say democracy has failed . 
  the barbarians and the slavs that `` invaded '' the empire gave birth to the middle age and modern europe . 
  plus most of them were actually welcomed by the population . 
  if we compare the fall of rome to modern europe ( stupid comparison ) then immigration is good . 
  yeah , let 's created global warming with our lifestyle and then give the middle fingers to those who are paying the price . 
  yeah , but only when directed towards the others right ? 
  full human rights for us . 
  the goths were integrated into the roman society , converted to christianity and gave birth to the middle ages and to modern europe . 
  countries like france and germany , and the slavic countries , and the nordic ones , were all composed of `` barbarians '' . 
  no one todays is so retarded to say that we should boot them out of europe . 
  the jews were protected under the islamic rules ... 
  the quran only recalls the fights between the prophet and the jewish tribes that were opposing him , it doesnt call for genocide at all , of any kind . 
  i spend in italy , daily , what i used to spend in poland for half a week when i wanted to be cheap ( aka lazy to go shop everyday ) . 
  they are scavengers . 
  they eat corpses , dirt , shit . 
  what would it take to move and live on a greek island if you dont care about urban comforts ? 
  native . 
  tourists , even from `` civilized '' countries like germany , act like piece of shit in italy cause even if they get fined they give no fuck since they 're not going to pay it and be back to germany soon thereafter . 
  tourists come to italy expecting italians to be their museum guides , ready to speak their languages , give them every instruction they need , and so on and so forth . 
  to be fair the quality of higher education in southern italy is close to 0 , unless you go into restoration or plan to go uni afterwards . 
  dna proof that they had sex . 
  how do you know it 's rape and not consensual ? 
  i 've a weak red-green colourblindness and i have an hard time differentiating my flag from ireland 's . 
  everytime i browse this sub i need to put mouse over the flair flags to read either `` italy '' or `` ireland '' . 
  there was no difference in the past between religion and secular government . 
  there wasnt much difference between judaism and islam either : the former got shut down pretty early and became a small self-contained religion , the latter managed to expand and became an empire . 
  christianity is the only outlier here since it focuses on the coming kingdom and not on earthly matters . 
  jews acted just like muslims given the chance : they forced conversions , they waged war to their neighbors , they murdered in the name of yhwh . 
  the old testament is choke full of rules on how the kings should behave in eliminating , by force if needed , non yhwhistic cults . 
  we 're just not used to see jews under this light cause they are a minority but their religious texts allow for the same rules and punishments as the quran does . 
  similar schools are free even for european citizens who wish the learn the language & the culture of the country they are moving into to integrate better . 
  we should deport all british tourists then . 
  literally all of them . 
  companies are the real terrorists of the world . 
  they can loophole the law in ways that normal citizens cant and they can destroy the planet as they wish cause they are permitted to make profits anyway they can . 
  quick reminder that there are subreddits where girls with weird sexual fantasies bait men into raping them , sometimes reporting them after . 
  power to women . . 
  i 've always avoid and always will avoid being alone with a woman cause her words will matter more than any concrete proof at first . 
  it reminds me of wroclaw where buildings pretty much looking like the right side of the picture were next to brand new or even historical buildings . 
  tell me what are your ways of life and how islam is antagonistic to them . 
  i believe you are right in some cases but there are millions of westerners who think just about the same . 
  should we force muslims to accept that women = men ? 
  then why shouldnt we force it on catholics , fascists , and other ideologies ? 
  why is a muslim saying that women should stay at home any worse than a catholic saying the same ( grew up hearing that pretty often ) ? 
  should only the dominant ideology of the moment be acceptable ? 
  what about non-religious potentially violent ideologies like anarchism , communism , fascism ? 
  fighting potentially dangerous ideologies is fine , but it is not fine when you aim at one target group only just cause they 're muslim , while you have perfectly white people claiming that a woman who got raped is at fault and shouldnt even be allowed to abort . 
  because not all of them are . 
  i 'm surrounded by muslims and never once they showed the desire to kill me . 
  maybe they 're playing the long con . 
  with millions coming in it is inevitable that some will end up being pieces of shit .
