  i do n't see anyone pulling his hairs at the thought that in churches and sinagogues verses about stoning women and ethnically cleansing a land are read everyday . 
  but an imam reading the violent verses from the quran in a mosque ? 
  crazy , must be jailed !, 
  this always happened . 
  it is sad but that 's how life was and ca n't blame anyone really . 
  the ancient greeks themselves destroyed the past in a way or another . 
  no it 's not worth . 
  they could 've built a cheaper theater and keep the money to finance countless small cultural initiatives . 
  the new directives is that anyone who does n't follow local medieval ** traditions ** ( tm ) should n't be allowed to stay in the country . 
  holy , muslim countries doing something like this : barbaric theocracy swiss doing it : cool , democracy !, 
  vegans are n't humans !, 
  and you should get used that they have the rights to disagree with the laws and lawfully fight them if they wish to do so . 
  interesting how many europeans defending european `` culture '' are writing stuff such as `` if you do n't like it , leave !!, 
  ! 11 '' which is the opposite of a modern democracy where everyone has the rights to criticize and try to change the laws they do n't agree with ( with limits ) . 
  so guys , if you do n't like european copyright laws just leave , am i right ? 
  go to china or russia . 
  there 's a difference between bias and blatantly fake news . 
  what this obsession with cultural values ? 
  for most of their history jews have been persecuted by europeans exactly because they did n't share our cultural values . 
  there are many europeans whose cultural values are more similar to the arab world than to the most modern european one . 
  every power given to a state could be abused . 
  you could be locked up for no reasons . 
  we still trust the state to not abuse its powers . 
  makes it look as if israeli are the new nazis . 
  unlucky comparison . 
  lead poisoning from pipes and cosmetics was very real though . 
  too bad bb article made it sound as if a bunch of islamists were setting the town on fire , while in truth we just have a bunch of irresponsible retards playing recklessly with fireworks that accidentally caused a small fire . 
  that 's a totally different story . 
  just because the words immigrants , fireworks , fire were used does n't mean the story was n't made up . 
  should just hire some prostitutes to bring into immigrants shelters . 
  things like this always happens when you have a bunch of repressed young males . 
  how 's prostitution regulated in austria ? 
  great job dude . 
  boredom is number 1 enemy of humans , expecially young men . 
  and while many immigrants may indeed be peace of shit people often forget that if so many are willing to cross the world to come to the west maybe they are seeking more than a life of nothingness and crime . 
  planning a big bank robbery or something related i guess ? 
  it 's pointless to argue anything about poland here . 
  this sub may as well be renamed `` polandpro '' since there is always a massive circlejerk about poles being our saviours from them muslims since forever while until yesterday the poles themselves were the ones being spit on and seen as nothing but criminals and drunkards . 
  it is the only european country which is still `` sane '' and keeping western civilization safe , and everyone else is just blinded by ideology and leftist merkelian propaganda . 
  they are always ready to shave their heads , put on the wings , mount on their horses and ready to fight the armies of the immigrants invading us . 
  yup , only mena immigrants commit rapes and murders . 
  so did many mena men and women . 
  dae poles are special . 
  on the other hand many poles and many mena immigrants didnt . 
  almost as if you can be a nice or a bad person regardless of your skin color . 
  i 'd rather have someone running at me with a knife than someone shooting at me with a gun from a place where i ca n't even see him and at a speed that makes it undodgeable . 
  envying the usa , lol . 
  do you read yourself or you just write blindly ? 
   `` the asylum process '' seems to mean coming into a country and assaulting the women do you even realize this article is talking about a dozen of them at most , while probably thousands of brown persons were enjoying the night in the most peaceful way . 
  nah , it 's the 0,00001 % that counts . 
  it amazes me that educated rich europeans who visit this sub still ca n't cope with the concept of personal responsability . 
  20 immigrants commit a crime ? 
  better punish all the immigrants regardless of sex , religion and provenance . 
  dumbest logic ever . 
  this is the proof that the multinational globalist corporations are trying to censor our pagan roots and traditions !!!, 
  by vandalizing a store due to racial reasons ? 
  i do n't think you 're part of the same western civilization as mine . 
  20 skinheads throwing rocks it riot , not `` riot '' . 
  what you ca n't understand ? 
  that 's how it worked in our historical past . 
  it detected polish ip . 
  afroamerican judging from the hairstyle . 
  seeing how everyone on reddit is discussing cultures and social related issues i 'd wish everyone had a 101 class of cultural anthropology and sociology . 
  but on reddit we hate humanities graduates more than muslims . 
  high level reasoning right there . 
  because you expect all muslims to be perfect role models and if a bunch of them screw up then all muslims are `` killing your citizens '' . 
  poles kill each other every day . 
  why a muslim committing a crime should be regarded as more severe than a pole doing the same ? 
  we have n't created anything , it has always been like this . 
  you dream too much of the golden past . 
  this works for every damn book in the world . 
  i can read homer and wage war to the guy that steals my girl . 
  it 's not complex . 
  it is just written in different circumstances . 
  it is not an abstract book , it does n't just gives othewordly teachings . 
  this has been known and studied by muslims since the very beginning of islam . 
  it is just modern circlejerk to claim that the quran only teaches about ruthless murdering . 
  maybe pick up a book on islamic thought then ? 
  that happens in every country . 
  there will always be the nuts talking about god 's punishment and whatnot . 
  you should n't take them as example of anything . 
  makes no sense . 
  you 're just looking for someone to blame and appealing to gut feelings . 
  you ca n't disprove a nazi . 
  that 's their ideology . 
  they are irrational people who believe humans are divided into races and that one of them is superior to others . 
  literally the same as any other religious nuts . 
  notice how few people commented your link while they are still circlejerking in this very thread about muslims raping our women and nazis being our knights and saviors . 
  the ones that rejected nazism and executed them after ww2 . 
  yeah , cause all muslims = isis . 
  protecting from ? 
  dude update yourself , all muslims , every one of them , want to conquer europe , murder the men and rape the women . 
  source : reddit . 
  the big difference between wanting someone and helping someone . 
  only because i do n't want a dog does n't mean i 'm gon na let a dog die in the streets if he needs help . 
  my childhood friend was working in south italy for 400euros a month , working 8 hours/6days a week and having to drive 30min to get to the job . 
  others were working for even less . 
  everything undeclared of course . 
  this phenomenon existed way before the immigration boom . 
  there will always be someone wiling to work for peanutes .
