  you 're telling me for the past 4800 years no advancements have been done ? 
  why do you associate culture with nationalism ? 
  most persons working in cultural heritage management are actually the ones that are less nationalistic , because they actually do shit to save culture not make random nationalistic proclaims to feel good . 
  coincidentally the same people that bitch about defending national culture are the same that deem every humanistic discipline worthless and nest of leftism , that pass their days listening to foreign music , watching foreign shows , speaking foreign language , reading ... nah , they do n't read . 
  just like the italian neo-fascist filling their mouth with roman empire stuff are the ones that do not have any knowledge of latin or roman culture . 
   funds a lot of activism so ? 
  every rich person fund something . 
  even normal persons do . 
  what are you gon na do if i donate my money to msf ? 
  if we use the same logic used by polish commenters in this sub we could say that polish culture and genes are too backward to embrace western values . 
   i have no time for these people ? 
  do you have to spend your life caring about her ? 
  let 's find a way to mention muslims and immigrations even in this thread . 
  that 's still physical abuse by modern standard . 
  and by recent times i mean for sure until the 18th century , and well into the 19th century as well and some of 20th ( many italian grandparents still complain that modern teachers do n't beat kids as they should ) . 
  as for `` germany '' js bach received corporal punishment in school , which was quite normal . 
  good . 
  dunno why the mod do n't autoban anyone who posts in t_d . 
  bring solids proofs to the authorities then . 
  i agree . 
  i ca n't look at lawyers without seeing pedophile defenders . 
  you sure have a special brain . 
  ngos work in conjunction with police forces , so they are already monitored . 
  they do n't just drop surprise packages on italian shores . 
  before ngos started to take over the italian police was actually doing their same job , patroling the mediterranean saving migrants from drowning . 
  to be fair , that 's how schools worked until recent times . 
  i saw a documentary about chem trails . 
  any history book will tell you the same . 
  as every discussion in this sub since the end of schools : blame the mena . 
  soros !, 
  if you look closely you can see soros . 
  itt : people who do n't read articles . 
  dai le feminist ruining europe deserve to be raped . 
  99 % of pizza and kebab shops in center-north italy are run by maghrebi or pakistani . 
  i would be dying without them . 
  quite sad , some of their recordings were pretty good . 
  both the ratzinger brothers are music pros . 
   i always find it perplexing that these `` anarchists '' just seem to not understand what anarchy really is . 
  neither do you . 
  because they are n't so many . 
  trust me people in italy got pretty fed with chinese citizens in the past , expecially in tuscany . 
  chinese people used to barely learn the language , stick to each other , often times they had shady documents and brought criminality along with them . 
  in prato almost 1/4 of the local population was chinese at some point . 
  their business is also shady as fuck and they have their own black economy . 
  only recent generations are integrating better due to being born on italian soil and going to italian school . 
  so , no more lawyers for criminals ? 
  straight to the gun ? 
  `` wo n't somebody think of the victims ?! '' . 
  punishment are not handed out solely on personal feelings , they follow the rule of law . 
  which may seem unfair to the many victims who see their pepetrators defended in court sometimes getting no punishment whatsoever . 
  but that 's how it is . 
  justice must be fair and equal , if you like revenge justice , you know , you can move to saudi . 
  `` we '' , do all europeans think the same ? 
  i know many europeans who disagree with your open views on sexuality and gender issues . 
  you can find many on this very sub , they just usually get downvoted to hell , but they are here . 
  besides , as long as they follow the laws they can believe whatever . 
  am i forbidden to believe anything that goes against the established law ? 
  are evangelic americans forbidden to live in europe if they wish to ? 
  subtle ways of being piece of shit does n't make them less piece of shit . 
  we help them as humans , just like we 'd give health care to neonazi scum . 
  we dont `` take them in '' because of what they believe . 
  should hospitals only save lives of liberal centrists ? 
  should lawyes not defend criminals ? 
  better speak in slogans than use logic i guess . 
  let me try : you see guyz , this is the future of europe !!, 
  yep , the whole mena share the same culture . 
  ya know , they 're all dark after all . 
  mafia has been using acids since decades . 
  not past , italian police tortured people in genova few years ago . 
  the usa had whole prisons built to torture inmates . 
  if you think torture is not used by western countries , well , hope you 're 12 and still naive . 
  `` those '' people who ? 
  every one egyptian national tortured him ? 
  do you feel the same about americans , russians , and every other world power national citizen ? 
  they are getting ready to murder us all . 
  said by an user with usa flag , how ironic . 
  oh wait , le mexicans ' fault . 
  fuck these franks barbarians raping our women and pillaging our lands . 
  roman empire to the romans !, 
  make rome great again !!, 
  those very same people have no clue about european culture anyway . 
  ask them about history , music , literature , old traditions . 
  go back 50 years and some old french would say the same about this americanized french youth that cut its french roots . 
  still not africans ' fault . 
  we can see today . 
  a roman would say slavery economy is the best economic model , free people owning and working the land failed as they have seen . 
  capitalism will fail too , or it will destroy the earth with its whole population except few billionaires . 
  there are more immigrants in the north , for obvious reasons . 
  how is that even related to the recurrence ? 
  almost every religion and every ideology has tendency to think others as lesser . 
  even buddhist teachings held this view , just read the lotus sutra and see how non believers are described . 
  from the left to the right . 
  which is why our democracies have rules that are above the will of the peoples , otherwise we 'd always find a `` lesser '' to persecute . 
  i 'm not sure acid attacks are even mentioned in classical arabic literature . 
  money hungry idiots . 
  they are getting ready to repel the upcoming soros attack . 
  because christianity does n't follow hebrew laws anymore . 
  that 's why it is called christianity and not judaism . 
  because we never stoped creating problems in africa . 
  who you think is funding instability there ?
