  but hey if a jew does it it 's fine . 
  ah the classic : i did it so everyone who does n't do it is not even trying . 
  and all the poor people are just lazy because some lucky guy managed to become a billionaire out of nothing . 
  forced to learn american culture , one hell of a deterrent . 
  so what you 're saying is you want to help only those who agree with your political views . 
  that 's not how humanitarianism works . 
  nothing more patriotic than murdering millions of your own civilians . 
  france : confrontational . 
  because your culture means nothing . 
  it 's an empty world . 
  you nitpick the parts you agree with and call it your culture , then you reject the rest . 
  as an italian i want to defend my culture : women should be veiled and only go out accompained , they should stay out of males ' businesses , they should be chaste and i should be able to do with my wife and my girl slaves whatever i wish . 
  i also should be able to wage war to other countries , loot their lands and rape their women . 
  this is my roman identity . 
  bored of north europeans saying i should emigrate to saudi arabia ? 
  i mean why ? 
  so , whose culture is more `` european '' ? 
  yours or mine ? 
  answer : they both are . 
  ( disclaimer : i dont believe what i wrote , i just point out of meaningless is to think culture is a monolith block with no shades ), 
  wife should obey husband is common thought even in the west ( and the east , pretty much all societies view the women as submissive ) , believe it or not . 
  sharia means everything and nothing . 
  sharia is just like saying law , but doesnt specify the laws in themselves . 
  the only difference is that it is based on quranic exegesis . 
  wow , crazy . 
  every christian ever pretty much believes laws should be somehow close to the biblical precepts . 
  if instead of calling it sharia they 'd call it `` laws which i morally support '' no one would bat an eye . 
  only the last two are problematic . 
  anyway , summing up a very long study with a chart which leaves out the details and the methodology is retarded , like straight up stupidness . 
  braught . 
  remind me which part of the world is mostly responsible for climate change . 
  do you realise how much damage a car does to its surroundings ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  everyone had a job in the 50s . 
  can some polish help me ? 
  i was walking in the big park in wroclaw , nearby the ogrod japonski , and i saw an unused building similar to this , kinda of a scandinavian church . 
  what was it ? 
  also there were 3 people outside dressed in medieval clothings doing some kind of rpg-esque ceremony . 
  nuts or is it some kind of polish subculture ? 
  one was dressed as a priest ( not traditional catholic priest ) and was blessing a guy dressed as a knight . 
  sadly i needed to rush to airport so i couldnt stop to spectate them . 
  why believe him over the countless comments by americans and europeans alike telling me that turkey is a full fledged sharia dictatorship already ? 
  the garbage things are there to make the beautiful things stand out . 
  the fact that a country , namely poland , wanted to pass a law that would consider every type of abortion , even non voluntary , as a criminal is mind boggling . 
  whereas catholic countries banning abortion and trying to pass laws to punish women even in case of miscarriage are totally compatible with eu membership . 
  so how did your ethnc ancestors get to ireland ? 
  oh wait , by migrating . 
  actually what destroyed many of this kind of villages was overpopulation . 
  it 's never true capitalism when corporations form a lobby . 
  makes no sense . 
  even global democracy could n't incorporate reality for centuries , which is why it was n't a thing until the modern world . 
  democracy does n't work like that . 
   the little tax freedom freedom to dodge taxes ? 
  i would force you to build your own roads . 
  you mean the very early true christians who let themselves be slaughtered by the romans to not renounce their faith ? 
  may as well not call yourself a christian if you do n't behave like one . 
  weird , where are all the hundreds users supporting absolute free ( hate ) speech now ? 
  squacquerone dop https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/squacquerone, 
  it makes no sense . 
  plenty of good things came out of communist russia in every aspect of life , from science to arts . 
  if we do n't we 'll end up like ancient greece . 
  every polis bitching about each other `` indipendence '' until a man named philipp seized them all because 1 large kingdom is stronger than many small ones that ca n't cooperate for shit . 
  that 's like saying italy alone could decide to take down every ancient building . 
  what the rest of the world has to do with ancient italian history ? 
  still better than wasting time on facebook reddit and twitter . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chevalier_de_saint-georges not french ? 
   there was n't a single white person in the store . 
  damn , black people are scary are n't they ? 
  are you fine ? 
  what does bernie have to do with europe ? 
  there is still people getting away ( and upvoted ) for humbly suggesting an `` ultimate '' but easy and effective solution . 
  like jesus ' tomb . 
  why should the people have any control over them anyway ? 
  since the very start of civilization englithened heroes aimed at creating global empires , unifying humanity under a single head . 
  alexander almost did it ( for its times ) , the romans tried but did n't have the means yet , even dante envisioned a global empire in his de monarchia , while diogenes could claim to be `` citizen of the world '' . 
  today , due to our technological advancements we are able to send a message from china to europe instantly , able to fly from a to b in 12 hours top , yet the average person ca n't think outside his 2x2 square meters , afraid of everything that look , sound and behave differently . 
  i guess there is a reason if the elite opposed any form of pleb partecipation in politics for thousands of years , not everyone has a far enough sight . 
  i wish we could bring back an alexander in today 's world , or an augustus . 
  i thought eu and soros were the same thing ? 
  that 's not how modern democracy works . 
  modern states have all sort of ways to protect minorities regardless of the population 's attitudes . 
  otherwise it 'd be legal to lynch pedos in the streets . 
  translation : you can feel free to fuck the third world over but refuse to pay the bill afterward . 
  just read this garbage article  apparently carried out with the regime 's tacit support `` apparently '' , no sources whatsoever . 
  as authoritative as a reddit shitpost . 
  also just read the comments there : people calling for arab genocide . 
  easy to say when you live in lithuania . 
  you have no idea . 
  mass tourism is one of the biggest danger to cultural heritage . 
  if a legal immigrant rapes a local girl because she 's dressed like a slut would you blame the girl ? 
  victim blaming kids . 
  he 's right . 
  i was approached by a shadowy figure some time ago , had a big nose , some kind of cap on the head , a blue and yellow suit . 
  he was whistling beethoven 's ode to joy . 
  he stoped me and gave me a book written in arabic and english , titled the holy qur ` an . 
  he said to me to repeat after him : there is no god but god . 
  soros is the messenger of god . 
  so i did . 
  true story believe me , the truth is out there ( cit . ), 
  nationalism is quite a new concept .
