  for those who believe , full participation in the community of muslims leads to rewards in this world and the next . 
  for those who can not believe but are willing to accept muslim governance , the protection of muslims keeps them secure from the disobedience of others and limits their own errors . 
  pseudo-history 101 . 
   and if you are in doubt about what we have sent down upon our servant [ muhammad ] , then produce a surah the like thereof and call upon your witnesses other than allah , if you should be truthful . 
  but if you do not - and you will never be able to - then fear the fire , whose fuel is men and stones , prepared for the disbelievers . 
  -  yes , whoever earns evil and his sin has encompassed him - those are the companions of the fire ; they will abide therein eternally . 
  - so what would muhammad be ? 
  someone who believes that god will take care of the wrongdoers . 
  all the war verses in other suras are related to the war between the muslims and the other tribes . 
  muslims are forbidden to wage war first . 
  in fact muhammad started to reply with violence only after he was kicked out of mecca . 
  besides , taking any character from 1500 years ago and cut-paste it in today 's world is going to achieve same results . 
  hell , not even 100 years ago tribal mentality was still prevalent , in the west . 
  also can you point to me where in the quran or the ahadith is terrorism even contemplated ? 
  the murding of civlians as primary target ? 
  because that is strictly forbidden by most muslim medieval theologians . 
  civilians are to be targeted only in 2 case : they aid the fighters ; they are impossible to avoid and happen to be collateral damage . 
  i 'd rather have isis openly running in my streets than camorra hidden behind the windows . 
  tell me who in this moment is going to properly defend a muslim from someone trying to put the blame of the attacks on them . 
  you mean trying to blame a terrorist attack on a random woman on the street and then brag about it on the web ? 
  yeah , definitely talking about stuff . 
  hated by the far right , hated by the far left , hated by most muslims , still hated by some christians . 
  hated by some jews aswell . 
  when you get shit wherever you go maybe you should start questioning your actions . 
  i thought individual responsibility was center to western thought ? 
  should i be punished if other vegetarians go bomb meat factories ? 
  nonsense . 
  you mean not give any rights to gay people aswell ? 
  cause we often forget that far right is anti gay , anti women , anti freedom . 
  they arent better than radical muslims . 
  yeah cause random muslims = terrorists right ? 
  its like those anarchists aiming at small groceries shops instead of more fitting targets like banks or supermarket . 
  one of the oldest ( probably the oldest ) paper document preserved in europe ( in sicily ) is written in 2 languages : arabic and greek . 
  http://www.costierabarocca.it/curiositatre_ita_000003.htm https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adelaide_del_vasto, 
  neither nazism nor japanese imperialism have been killed though . 
  the non believers will be judged by god himself in the final day . 
  not by terrorism . 
  uhm no . 
  this subreddit is not representative of everything that happens in europe though . 
  sure these things happen , but you must keep in mind the real proportions . 
  besides , jobless immigrants from the other side of the world means shit like this is very hard to avoid . 
  if anything it should make us try even harder to integrate them here and fix their problems there . 
  we live in a globalized world , `` everyone at his own home '' doesnt work . 
  they should make some history up and claim a piece of land as their ancestral possession . 
  it does still happen in italy . 
  expecially in small towns in the south . 
  even when it doesnt go so far as murder there are many ways of preserving the family 's honour . 
  we have it in our mediterranean blood . 
  regardless of what people believe in their everyday life operas like pagliacci and cavalleria rusticana are as popular as ever , part of their popularity lies of course in the story . 
  people do get excited for the honour killings in the , symptom that after all this behaviour is still alive somewhere inside us . 
  ca n't be any different : shame and honour have been at the core of mediterranean anthropology since ever . 
  it goes back thousands of years to the roman times . 
  also still popular within mafia and camorra circles . 
  high ranking mafiosi are called uomini d'onore which translates man of honour . 
  recent example http://www.lostrillone.tv/torre-annunziata-clan-gionta-omicidio-barbera-al-via-il-processo-ai-killer/7644.html this woman spit in the face of the killers of her son during the trial , this is one of the most shameful things you can do in south italy . 
  as a result she got murdered as well . 
  it 's always fun when redditors oppose `` their '' ( muslim ) culture to ours ( european ) . 
  as if all europe was a single entity following the mitteleuopa culture . 
  some remote areas of italy are way more similar to muslim culture than to european . 
  you can have forced sex with the 2 lesbians and make babies . 
  dont look at it from a legalistic point of view . 
  the human behaviour doesnt follow the laws . 
  try to watch a mario salieri movie , the older ones . 
  i used to watch some of them skipping the porn parts just for the story . 
  some of them are even recorded/dubbed in the dialect of napoli . 
  one of his most recent stuff has valentina nappi ( who was born close to napoli , like salieri himself ) speaking in dialect . 
  also some japanese movies feature quite a lot of story . 
  just the common usa shitporn is nothing more than sex and swearwords . 
  serious question ? 
  this happens everywhere . 
  archaeological remains are looted or destroyed everyday by people from everywhere . 
  mostly because of rich westerners who buy them for their private collections . 
  how you think most stuff ended up in american and european museums ? 
  shipped there by the ancient egyptians themselves ? 
  nope . 
  looted and sold . 
  being interested in archaeology or cultural preservation is the worst thing you can do if you value your well being . 
  nothing more depressing than thousands-years old remains being fucked up due to either war or money , or both . 
  males immigrating in : `` oh my good they are all boy not families , we cant keep them '' . 
  but then they arent given the chance of actually bringing their families in with them . 
  sounds logic . 
  refugee doesnt mean anyone should endure a slave-like life . 
  make a sad movie about jews during the holocaust . 
  except the far right always existed and did this ? 
  they used to do it to gays not even long time ago ( and some still do ) . 
  damn the leftist , pushing the gay agenda , of course the poor far righters will feel compelled to voice his opinions !, 
  solution ? 
  lets not give gays any right , problem solved !, 
  it doesnt matter what the cause of an illegal action is , the action is still illegal and the actors should be persecuted . 
  it is not hypocrisy . 
  being far right ( and i mean far far right ) is associated with certain beliefs and behaviours , one of them being the use of violence against outsiders/gays/minorities . 
  being muslim doesnt carry the belief that raping and stealing is ok . 
  the permission to possess your female slave doesnt obviously apply to random girls on the street in a country you 're not in war with and which you have n't fought or try to establish treaty ( even if he wishes to a muslim cant wage war on his own ) . 
  that is to say nothing in the quran allows a single individual muslim to walk in the street , kidnap a girl and rape her . 
  on the other hand many ideas/books at the core of the far right ideology do call for violence against anyone who is not `` pure '' . 
  to be fair that holds true for the far far left aswell . 
  if i hear that a bank has been stoned i will most certainly think it 's the work of anarcho-communist groups , since that fits with their core beliefs . 
  surely the bank may have be stoned by a drunkard , and the shots been fired by a mentally ill old man . 
  but you search the most plausible causes first , the most particulars after . 
  i 'm colourblind and i ca n't see more than 4 colours on that map :(,
