  i do n't know how old you are but i 've heard pretty much the same concerning romanians , poles , albanians , and whoever was coming in to italy at any given time : `` why do we allow them cavemen romanians in , they just rape our girls and break into our houses '' . 
  everyday , literally everyday , the media were reporting gangrapes and thefts done by them , does it sound familiar ? 
  and i clearly remember people advocating mass expulsions . 
  things were so bad that my friend , who spoke perfect italian and english , had to hide his true nationality . 
  we must keep away those arabs who oppose gender equality and gay rights by importing more poles who oppose gender equality and gay rights . 
  this is the same for every religion . 
  even buddhist texts like the lotus sutra list quite heavy punishments for those who do not follow it . 
  doesnt mean you should actively murder every non-muslim in every circumstance . 
  in the nt , revelation , disbelievers end up pretty much just like that . 
  in the ot idolaters get straight up murdered by god at the moment . 
  in `` pagan '' religions if you didnt follow the rituals you 'd get punished by the gods with famine and floods . 
  shit happens . 
  you ca n't refuse someone a chance to a better life cause someone from his region or religion is going to commit crimes . 
  should italy kick out all the poles , russians , romanians that try legit to make a life cause some of their nationals ended up stealing and selling drugs ? 
  why should it be different for people from mena ? 
  are they not humans ? 
  care to say it , then . 
  cause syria has been muslim for quite a while and it was doing pretty good . 
  not like it became islam land yesterday . 
  i think you got western democracy wrong . 
  we dont live in classical athen . 
  thanks merkel because you can read the future and people 's mind so you knew this particular refugees was going to commit a crime but brought it in anyway . 
  2 reasons 1 ) they convert to islam in prison 2 ) they are from low social strata nothing new . 
  your very same argument is used by american racists to `` prove '' that latinos and blacks are more prone to crime and violence . 
  the truth , there as here , is that they are just poorer so they end up committing more crimes . 
  it doesnt matter if they 've been at war politically . 
  the nt is quite an anti-war book and preach total submission to god 's will . 
  there is a reason its symbol is a guy who let himself get crucified instead of defending himself . 
  maybe catholics should read their own holy book , which is totally incompatible with right-wing politics . 
  politicians connected to people 's reality ? 
  not even in fantasy books . 
  doesnt matter . 
  let 's deport all muslims anyway , right ? 
  when an american teen goes rampage its a tragedy , but it happens and we should fight bullyism and address the mental health problem . 
  when a brown teen goes rampage , he should have been deported along with all his relative and all muslims . 
  racist white europeans , never change . 
  what protected status ? 
  this guy didnt do anything related to religion and everyone since min1 was already proposing to deport all them muslims and that islam is evil . 
  0 fucking proofs , still islam 's fault nonetheless . 
  such a protected status . 
  there is no guarantee that your son wont become a radical anarchist and blow up something . 
  should we deport you , just in case ? 
  drown in kebab maybe . 
  but many europeans believe exactly the same things ? 
  womsn should dress modestly and if they dont and get raped its their fault . 
  gay people are non natural monsters who should be healed . 
  mocking religion should be punishable . 
  i 've heard all of this since my childhood in our white christian european land . 
  so , it 's either everyone can believe these things or none can . 
  humans always migrated and fucked/mixed each other . 
  what are you on ? 
  nationalism is a very modern ideology , barely couple of hundred years old , compared to million years of migrations and mixing . 
  for example alexander the great after having conquered the east forced a policy of intermarriage between the greeks and the persians . 
  tribal identity is not set in stone but actually a very fluid concept . 
  even in the past people moved from one tribe to another , or united tribes into one , or splitted one into many . 
  you are polish , do you think all polish people have the same `` blood '' ? 
  moreover , we are all likely to be a mixture of different homo species since our ancestors probably mixed with neanderthals . 
  if we move from genetic to culture i dont have to tell you that europe 's main religion is a near eastern one closer to islam than to our indo european roots . 
  it is always ironic when we use christianity as the marker of our culture as opposed to islam , while they are in fact sister religions . 
  actually the millions of years of human history are characterised by migrations and ethnic mixing . 
  overcoming tribalism is not easy but neither it is impossible , never has . 
  just look at anyone in europe . 
  no one here is born from the ground and no one has pure blood ( whatever it may mean ) . 
  pretty much . 
  if you 're muslim you 're going to end up on papers even if you pee on a tree in the park . 
  nothing in the quran is written about stabbing people cause they dress too lightly . 
  how can you know if someone is a psycho beforehand ? 
  unless you 're referring to all muslims . 
  i 'm surrounded by muslims , had them work into my house , ate with them , speak with them , they bring me food and they work in small grocery shops as well as big supermarket chains . 
  my parents are teachers and they have muslim kids and deal with muslim parents of course , most of them coming from north africa since i live in italy . 
  there are so many of them that our hospitals have inscriptions in italian , chinese and arabic . 
  none ever said any bs about destroying our evil society or what not . 
  even catched some of them buying beers one day . 
  why ? 
  because all of them are actually working and making a normal living , owning their shops and stuff . 
  they have no incentives to blow themselves up . 
  unfortunately there will be always be the shit kid with bad attitude and weak mind that wont integrate and go into a violence spree , as well as the ones who end up smuggling drugs and robbings others . 
  it is inevitable . 
  wasnt it the same when italians were migrating to the usa ? 
  i mean , we brought there mafia after all . 
  and i would feel bad if an american called me a mafioso just cause i 'm italian . 
  you must be either trolling or trolling . 
  1400 years ago waging war to conquer was the norm . 
  the christian west , as well as the christian and pagan east , did just about the same . 
  saying that we should expel muslims cause we 've been to war against them 1000 years ago truly is retarded . 
  even calling them islamists is since islamism is a term denoting modern development of islam that took place in the early 20th century . 
  meanwhile : many arabic words found their way into european languages expecially spanish and italian , arabic art and architecture influenced western art and architecture , popular instruments like the lute ( and therefore our modern guitar ) and the organ were taken from muslims , arabic philosophical works and translations widely circulated in europe , arabic literature was trending in xviii ( even mozart wrote popular operas inspired by the turkish/muslim tastes ) europe and today popular characted like aladin are seen as integral part of our culture , paper was brought to europe by muslims , in fact the oldest written paper currently preserved in sicily was written in arabic and greek , frederick ii spoke arabic and appreciated their culture , so did the various noble of france , european troubadour 's music is highly influenced by andalusian music , the first quran was printed in venice , in 19th century italian composers were highly esteemed at ottoman court and they were chose to write official `` anthems '' , the ottoman rulers actually enjoyed italian opera , while a noble like dimitrie cantemir composed and transcribed turkish music , muslim merchants traveled as far as north europe . 
  no offense , maybe you should pick up some history book instead of seeing the europe-islam relations as nothing but invasion from one side and self defence from the other . 
  europe , expecially its mediterranean side , has always been multicultural and always had contacts , both peaceful and violent , with the muslim world . 
  every empire of the past was multiethnic and multicultural . 
  it is not a modern pc swj idea . 
  people from everywhere lived in the roman empire , and people from everywhere migrated to the west during and after colonialism . 
  quantity . 
  muslims are maaany . 
  and only a tiny fraction think like isis . 
  there are way more muslims who live their lives peacefully as any french citizen . 
  governments cant be into everyone 's mind . 
  no government in history ever detected and stoped every crime , we are not in minority report . 
  why not reading the bible to answer yourself ? 
  circumcision is at the core of the covenant between god and israel .
