  it matters that it prevents people from drowning in the sea . 
  everything is traceable and under the supervision of italian and european organizations . 
  ngo do not just walk by and pick them up without permission . 
  italy is simply the only possible choice . 
  people moving from africa to europe has always been a thing , even when it was up to the italian police to pick them up near italian coasts . 
  so , stoping ngo from helping wo n't change a thing , it will just mean italian guardia costiera will have to do it , or just ignore them and let them drown . 
  people will always take the risk . 
  if i have to choose between a sure shit life and a possible good one i 'll take the latter , no questions . 
  europe should simply get their hands dirty and start to bring africa up to date , keeping climate change in mind as well . 
  if these people could have a decent life at least they would n't migrate en masse . 
  i wonder how plato would react to this . 
  in music https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqhzcpxvree https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lamentatio_sanctae_matris_ecclesiae_constantinopolitanae this is exactly contemporary with the fall of costantinople , not a century later reflection . 
  for anyone who wish to revive that moment in music https://i.imgur.com/zhykw6p.jpg, 
  it 's like this , yes . 
  putin himself has all the rights to give his personal money to whoever he wish . 
  it is just despicable to accept money from a dictator . 
  this shit has been started by 4ch and is being spammed by t-d bots . 
  he has every right to influence just like me from italy can send money support to groups in the usa or africa . 
  i send 10 euros , he sends 100 000 . 
  the difference is only in quantity not in principle . 
  economy is global and behind every political party/social group there are fundings and support coming from all over the world . 
  they are just mad soros supports politics they do n't agree with ( if even true at all , i doubt a multibillionaire actually leans so much left ) . 
  funny since the alt-right is a globalist phenomenon itself embracing people from , well ... all over the world ( as long as you 're white skinned !, 
  you 'd be suprised how many retarded school-age europeans `` learn '' the world on american websites parroting everything they read . 
  he just speaks like trump also : short sentences split into two sections each . 
  truly they 're all bots . 
  she seems to have enough to milk you all . 
  the modern surroundings sure are shit in comparison . 
  quick reminder that gay rights are used by rightwingers in this sub to claim that muslims are n't compatible with us . 
  following their own ideas we should expel lepen to ksa . 
  weird , where all the the redditors endorsing absolute freedom of speech for neonazis now ? 
  he would be sad to see that regardless of scientific advances millions of europeans today seem to be afraid of anything outside of their home walls . 
  truly regressive times . 
  the best thing you can do to make immigrants leave is force them to like wagner . 
  people should be free to leave or stay as they wish to improve their lives . 
  no wonder russia is a barely democratic country with people like you . 
  the anglosphere is the current cultural centre of the world . 
  you name us and uk as if they were god forsaken lands . 
  still do n't understand why countries who obviously do not share european values are still allowed into the eu . 
  meanwhile murdoch and the orher multibillionaires are fine , they absolutely do not control economy , the media , and politics . 
  they all use their hard and honestly earned money for charity purposes . 
  how can people be so naive ? 
  it 's not 100 years ago since western influence is still trying to turn the middle east the way they want . 
  the fact that many groups are funded by russia or the usa is not even a militar secret , but open knowledge . 
  anything that uses the word leftist is not a trustable source . 
  the fact that frenchmen had the gut to make some heads roll is why western europe is richer and better and the cradle of modern european values . 
  it happens even in italy , recently ( g8 , genova ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_raid_on_armando_diaz cops entered a school where protesters were sleeping to beat them up almost to death . 
  the state tried as much as possible to cover up the beatings . 
  even an english journalist got beaten up for no reason https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/sep/21/briton-beaten-in-italy-wins-compensation http://www.ansa.it/web/notizie/rubriche/english/2012/10/03/beaten-british-g8-journalist-gets-350-000-euros-italy_7571420.html?utm_source=twitterfeed&amp;utm_medium=twitter or this guy , killed by the cops who also falsified the reports while the doctors were * looking somewhere else * https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/morte_di_stefano_cucchi his crime ? 
  having some drugs on him . 
  i 'm as left as possible and i do n't remember destroying anything . 
  but oh wait , the_d user . 
  i laughed when the cop comes out . 
  you can totally see from his reaction he 's used to this . 
  he does n't even get mad . 
  and why do you think other mediterranean peoples were n't eating the same ? 
  just because something is referenced in greek texts does n't mean it was invented by greeks . 
  cheese was known even to ancient egyptians and every other pastoral society . 
  does n't take much to do 1 +1 in thousand of years of history . 
  you 're making a lot of shit up . 
  besides , stuff like cheese and yogurt may have been discovered independently by different societies . 
  does n't really take a genius to ferment some milk , it can also happen with no human intervention . 
  ancient greeks developed due to their contacts with egypt and the near east . 
  you 'll find that in any book regarding ancient greek history . 
  greek alphabet is not greek , but semitic . 
  greek language is not an `` invention '' , every human is capable of language . 
  philosophy was born in the greek colonies in asia minor , probably in contact with middle eastern thought . 
  greeks always looked east , barely west . 
  tomatoes are not italian either and they are the staple of a pizza . 
  i have it in my fridge . 
  by the way last week was greek week at lidl and they had some delicious tzatziki made in greece by amvrosia . 
  https://www.amvrosia.com.gr/english/salates-amvrosia/elliniki-farma/tzatziki-200gr-self-service any greek can tell me if this is acceptable ? 
  i see some dodgy ingredients but the pieces of fresh cucumbers and garlis were so good . 
  conspiracy !, 
  trapeza is table which could be used to mean bank . 
  in italian banco means both desk and bank . 
  thesaurus is stretched but i think it could do . 
  my polish gf could n't spell it easily either . 
  i managed to do it a couple of times !, 
  he 's no more shady than any other multi billionaire yet people welcome with open arms the others who are going to buttfuck them just as much . 
  they dream of the golden past just like some turks dream of the golden era of the ottoman empire or muslims of the golden day of the prophet . 
  people with weak identity who need to find their roots in a made-up history . 
  not when you believe you are the last pure white european country whose duty is to save europe from jews and muslims and feminists and gays . 
  an idea actually expressed by polish redditors in this very sub . 
  majority of reddit users are young americans whose posts and ideas influence the world view of europeans browsing the site . 
  limits to free speech are already active in many european countries , even in those that rank top amongst freedom of press . 
  it 's all good . 
  slippery slope . 
  the laws allowing the gov to punish your murders may be use to detain you in a cell for the rest of your life for no real crimes . 
  shit happens . 
  every bit of power gov. 
  has can be misused . 
  does n't mean we should strip the gov of all its powers . 
  a good sistem of checks and balances does wonder to prevent that . 
  quick reminder that ngos operations are under the supervision of frontex and marina militare italiana . 
  they do n't operate by themselves . 
  here 's 10 accusations answered by msf ( in italian ) http://www.meltingpot.org/msf-le-10-domande-piu-frequenti-sulle-nostre-operazioni-di.html even the recent investigations are focusing not on the phenomenon as a whole but on specifics ngos . 
  big ones like msf are clean and operating under italian/european laws . 
  tldr : soros is trying to destroy europe / s,
