  same beard style as johann strauss ii . 
  thanks god laws are not based on personal feelings , otherwise we 'd all punish each other with death penalty . 
  who are you to say that stealing my plastic toy train is n't enough to warrant death ?!, 
  easy to say when it 's not your toy !!, 
   extreme is extreme empty words . 
  french revolution was extreme too , would you like to go back to monarchic times ? 
  oh wait , * checks flag * , nvm . 
   is it just anarchists being anarchists ? 
  til chomsky goes around burning cars . 
   culturally they are middle eastern yes and no . 
  you know , not like a country is culturally only european or not european . 
  that 's like saying japan is culturally asian while they dress like europeans , do politics like europeans , study european stuff , and so on . 
  istanbul has always been a metropolis where europeans flocked , where european music was played , where european culture was studied . 
  everybody who has studied history and cultural anthropology can see that defining a whole country as a single walled immobile monolithic culture is wrong . 
  why should they market themselves as anything ? 
  this is n't a shopping center . 
   based on what i have read , that 's it , argument is settled . 
  based on what i have read europe is under shariah law . 
  at least they get fucked in the ass by an american co ( ck ) rporation . 
  soros is taking away our religion !!, 
  it 's not inherently good , it is just happening . 
  many of these `` atheists '' will end up believing some new age hokus pokus bullshit anyway . 
  everyone can fund them . 
  they are n't a mystery cult . 
  you can literally donate to them yourself . 
   arresting ngos on what charges ? 
  do you believe what you claim ? 
  not many people know , nor care , but when it was destroyed during ww2 a lot of music got destroyed aswell , as dresden was a music center in the 18th century . 
  https://www.counterpunch.org/2009/01/16/the-glory-that-was-dresden-and-is-zelenka-greater-than-bach/ there also was a silbermann organ . 
  depends what do you mean that they have nothing to do with each other . 
  they are both semitic languages , and biblical hebrew thus resembles arabic a lot , just like italian resembles spanish , does n't mean either is superior to the other , they are just linguistically related . 
  pick any book of biblical hebrew here 's a snippet from the routledge introductory course to biblical hebrew , which i 'm studying . 
   hebrew is a fascinating language with a rich history spanning 3,000 years . 
  it is a member of the afro-asiatic language family , which is a large group of languages spread throughout much of northern africa and the middle east . 
  within this family hebrew belongs to the semitic subgroup , which includes many other important ancient languages such as akkadian ( the language of the babylonian empire ) , aramaic ( the language of portions of the bible and several key biblical translations ) , ** classical arabic ** , and ge\u2018ez ( the language of the ethiopian church ) . 
  the way you use them , yes . 
  the website you try to pass as legit ? 
  yes . 
  good . 
   however they act in a way that they support human smugglers . 
  so , doctors act in a way that they support criminal gangs because they do not refuse them medical aid ? 
  the obsession of some people shows even in a joke thread . 
  modern germany is in itself the fruit of many different cultures . 
  can we start studying history or what ? 
  germany ai n't some small pacific island , they are in the middle of europe influencing and influenced by many different cultures . 
  the concept of pure germany , so dear to the nazi , never actually existed . 
  even before the romans made their way into germany the germanic tribes were not a unified group of people with one single culture . 
  at any given point in time many foreigners lived in germany , of pretty much any nationality . 
  also what does it mean to be `` german '' ? 
  to be south german or north german ? 
  east or west ? 
  are catholic bavarian germans more or less german than the lutheran of the north ? 
   try to replace the original population and culture with something different because supposedly that 's what being progressive is all about . 
  which original culture ? 
  modern european culture ? 
  medieval european culture ? 
  neolithic european culture ? 
  post-earth formation european culture ? 
  people just want to be with their beloved and not feel to be less worthy than others . 
  why should their love relationship not be on the same level as male-female one ? 
  they want to marry because they want to be equal and feel equally accepted by their countries . 
   i just do n't wan na see it so dont look at it . 
   time for poland now . 
   althought the government wo n't do it because those rotten homo-fascist germans did . 
  what ? 
  every society of the past was some sort of expansionary empire that raided and massacred its neighbors . 
  do you even history ? 
  liberals everywhere !!, 
  but reddit told me ... 
  polish bots . 
  mafias have been operating in germany for decades . 
  there were even internal feuds that resulted in cover-up restarurants being blown up . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/mafiamorde_von_duisburg https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/%27ndrangheta_in_germania#.27ndrangheta_per_stato_federale, 
   trying to abolish private property what ? 
  ah , is that time of the month again . 
  that 's like saying doctors are cartel members because they do not refuse to heal them if needed . 
  right wing `` logic '' . 
  it 's an impossible thing . 
  because culture changes from town to town , from rich to poor , from girls to boys . 
  and not all poles share the same genetics either . 
  you 'll just have to go any polish town and you 'll see people looking very slavic , while others look very western . 
  a communist pole has a different culture than a skinhead neonazi pole , just because they share the same language does n't mean they fit together . 
  poland is already a multicultural society , and it has been since centuries . 
  but you 're free to dream of a society where everyone think the same and act the same way . 
  it just will never happen . 
  have n't you learned so far ? 
  west invading a land : bringing civilization !, 
  east invading a land : barbaric cunts . 
  they had their own syllabic alphabet well into the iii b.c.e. 
  i believe . 
  race must be kept pure , am i right ? 
   now do n't let them back in . 
  if they are able to go back to syria to celebrate eid then they can very well live there . 
  how did you get to that conclusion ? 
  some tenets are not open to interpretation . 
  you ca n't `` change '' islam , that 's the point of any given religion . 
  you can however change its interpretation , which is fine ( hence the different islamic schools of law ) . 
  at some point why call yourself christian jew or muslim if you ignore your religion altogether ? 
  i doubt you speak italian but whatever http://www.einaudi.it/libri/libro/salvatore-tramontana/l-isola-di-allah/978880622279 traces the development of sicily during the muslim era . 
  it also deals with water wheels of course , which were introduced in sicily by the muslims .
