do n't need it to cover all of europe . 
  let countries join this if they want and any company that wants to compete in these countries will be on the list . 
  ( not on the list = not allowed to compete ), 
  we have something like this in norway for owners or members of the companies , and we have something like this for every tax payer . 
  i do n't see why it would be such an extension atleast her in norway . 
  make all companies register all their workers in a online website that all citizens can check ? 
  then you have a counter fine if your report turns out bogus you pay the costs it took to check out that claim . 
  [ jan mayen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_mayen ), 
  we should have an island to put them on, 
  the nordics have around 1/3 of the gdp of russia , we 'd be able to defend ourselves fine . 
  it 's not like russia will commit 100 % to a war against us , plus norway , denmark and iceland are still in nato plus i do n't think you understand how much centralized government ignore less populated areas . 
  well for one it would ensure more focus on the deference of the nordic countries . 
  an eu wide policy would probably focus less on the deference of the nordics compared to a nordic union . 
  well hopefully , the world does n't need to grow more in population . 
  fuck that, 
  damn i want a cabin like that one day . 
  and this is why many do n't like the eu ... 
  what do you expect ? 
  these people tried before to voice their views and opinions and were promptly silenced . 
  you think that 's just going to make the problem go away ? 
  if you turn the heat up to max and then put on the lid do n't be surprised when it boils over . 
  you could either lower the heat or take off the lid or both even . 
  lowering the heat is reducing immigration , taking off the lid would be giving these people a voice . 
  it 's unreal really how much of a echo chamber reddit really is . 
  but i guess when you make a forum and give people the right to silence others by downvoting and then upvoting what they agree with . 
  yeah probably not the best place to come for political discussion . 
  [ yes there is and it seems #bregret is a very vocal minority !, 
  more people who voted remain are happy with the result even . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/746820394217259008 ), 
  yeah why ca n't you just open up the couontry and let anyone come to the uk . 
  and off course anyone who comes to the uk and says they live there should also be allowed to use their social security systems to get money . 
  that would solve all racism right there !, 
  mostly . 
  i want a fta deal like japan has . 
  from talking with most people i know we 'd be out of the e\u00d8s if we had a vote on it . 
  but it is a major part of why people want out of the eu . 
  they do n't want those policies and laws put upon them by brussels . 
  just saying it 's good is not going to make people agree . 
  or they could just trade with the eu as japan does . 
  you do n't need freedom of movement to trade you know ... 
  your economy makes me sad, 
  naw that was germany a long time ago . 
  brussels made this mess so i 'll make them pay for it . 
  they 've fucked it for good until sanctions are lifted again . 
  so why would i care if brussels and eu collapses . 
  their country should be able to stand on its own or it is a failed state . 
  they should be able to sort out issues like this themselves . 
  but yes i am anti establishment . 
  we need major reforms that give local areas much more political will over their own area . 
  i do n't give a fuck about my economy . 
  i just want to watch this union die . 
  russia conquering everything in the world that is n't nato would be another great war no matter how you turn it . 
  also if countries do n't want to be annexed by russia then they should get their shit together and join some sort of defense union . 
  i 'm not the world police that 's the uss job . 
  it 's not my issue . 
  ukraine was n't the best state before the conflict they had major revolts in kiev showing distrust for their own government . 
  the deterrence is n't for ukraine , it 's for norway . 
  deterrence not a fullscale war ... 
  unless the russians are that stupid then yeah there would be a war . 
  but it would come from their hands . 
  just cause you disagree does n't mean you have to downvote . 
  you just ca n't force your world ideals on everyone and expect people to just agree . 
  the eu is doomed because many people inside the eu do n't agree with it 's heading . 
  have you heard of [ nato ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato ) ? 
  just cause the eu goes down does n't mean nato would just dissapear edit : ohh you 're talking about ukraine maybe ? 
  ehh could n't care less , it 's not my issue . 
  ohh no i agree . 
  i 'm very anti establishment i know those cunts wont care about the rural country . 
  currently live in a rural part of norway waaay up north . 
  we have to bitch and whine to get hospitals and police up here . 
  my friend currently lives in a town 3 hours away from hospital and 1.5 hour away from police . 
  he could call the police right now screaming someone is trying to break into his apartment and he 'd have to survive 1.5 hours ... and then they come and ask for more centralization , fuck off . 
  after the russian sanction a few years back shit went tits up for fishing industry up north . 
  and it 's still tits up i 'd say . 
  all because some suits in brussels said `` hur dur russia bad '' i know people who lost jobs and almost their house because of this . 
  and for that reason i hope brussels burn without the uk so we can jump ship too . 
  why did they need the suits in brussels send them the money ? 
  could n't the uk figure it out internally ? 
  and i hope they all do . 
  brussels can burn to the ground the eu almost wiped my area from the map with their stupid policies on russian trade . 
  we are still cutting jobs and it 's hard to get into the job market here so for me i hope for the love of god that brexit will collapse the eu . 
  against the establishment then ? 
  there will be no `` cold war '' just because a country wants to rule itself from within their own borders . 
  the world is not the same as it was at the start of the 20th century . 
  as long as the uk keeps their laws within their own borders why should we care ? 
  so what ? 
  do you think this will somehow end in a great war ? 
  if so i 'd say that 's very unlikely . 
  i do n't see any issues with countries closing down more and being more nationalistic . 
  free trade , and nothing more should be an option . 
  there will always be held an election later on . 
  if you alienate people now they may never vote for `` your '' side , whatever `` your '' side is, 
  yeah but calling the other side stupid , racist , bigot , uneducated etc etc will not win over those to your side ( your still fighting with ideals vs ideals , so calling the other side names that does not apply will just make them more firmly against you ), 
  still not winning over those votes, 
  giving up sovrenity to brussels ? 
  that 's pretty fucking huge if you ask me . 
  if you really think countries vying for their own sovreighty by cutting diplomatic ties will turn into a world war you are delusional . 
  cause fuck the eu . 
  edit : i would have voted leave myself , but i do n't think it would have been the smarter choice . 
  i only disagree with the idea of a eu .
