of course . 
  its better for the producer and the consumer . 
  obvious win-win . 
  only entity that loses is the political class . 
  and frankly fuck them i do n't want my money to go towards jailing people for victimless crimes anyway . 
  you say as if that was a bad thing . 
  government run court has nothing to do with morality or what is true . 
  everything adolf hitler did was legal while what shindler did was illegal . 
  i answered your question before . 
  no such thing as anti-gun . 
  because if you do n't want regular citizens to own guns you are gon na need guns to take those from them . 
  so you are very much pro-gun ... you just want the gun ownership to be centralised in the hands of the government elite . 
  but you have korwinn :-) i wish we had korwinn too :d, 
  well its kinda special case with nazis . 
  they obviously banned guns in the countries they conquered . 
  and banned guns for the people they wanted to control . 
  they were also the first to establish gun registration . 
  but since they were waging a huge war they wanted lot of soldiers . 
  and militarism and privately owned guns combined can get young people ready for military training . 
  and since the law they had before was dictated entirely by the treaty of versailless practically anything can be concidered relaxing :-) the situation after the war would very likely be different . 
  just ask himmler : `` germans who wish to use firearms should join the ss or the sa - ordinary citizens do n't need guns , as their having guns does n't serve the state . '', 
  maybe the leftists in the west should start reading some marx :-), 
  i 'd like to see your data which leads you to believe that there is this massive epidemic of people stealing firearms . 
  1 . criminals do n't know who has them . 
  2 . they are stored properly ( mandated by law ) , in safes and such 3 . the owner is likely to be trained to use them . 
  so breaking in is not a good idea . 
  `` these guys '' - it passed with overwhelming support accros almost all the parties . 
  139 mps voted yes 9 voted no . 
  well you have marx and then you have a reality of communist run state . 
  its not the only measure . 
  but yeah its no accident that basically all totalitarian regimes on the planet banned private ownership of guns . 
  when people in power are scared of a rifle on the wall of a working class man , you have a problem . 
  great so how is forbiddin lawabiding citizens to own them gon na help ? 
  you know what will happen ? 
  the state will just lose control of those weapons . 
  right now they know who owns them and where they are . 
  but if you ban them , people will `` lose '' them . 
  hide them . 
  like they did with nazies . 
  and like they did with commies . 
  those guns will then after years ( maybe when the original owner dies ) resurface on the black market . 
  and those weapons were n't legal weapons of czech gun owners . 
  they were badly deactivated weapons ( which are already illegal here , but not in most of europe ) that were reactivated . 
  but you know what ? 
  maybe just maybe if your system is so bad that it ca n't deal with few weapons then maybe its your system that sucks . 
  ( and deal with it if they didnt come from here they would come from balkans or wherever else ... and guess what manufacturing weapons isnt rocket science ... its technology that is 100 + years old ... a semi-skilled worksman can manufacture firearms in his shop without anybody knowing about it ... ), 
  only reason firearms need to be in the constitution is because some people want them banned . 
  nobody argues that licensed trained professionals should not have acces to cyanide , dynamite or nuclear materials - so we do n't need a constitutional ammednmend to secure that . 
  ok . my mistake ... you know with all those attacks happening in the west all the time you kinda lose track where they are happening :-), 
  there is nothing magical . 
  i own myself . 
  therefore i own my labour . 
  therefore i own the results of my labor . 
  therefore i own property - which is a result of my labor . 
  this is just some basic human rights . 
  firearms are just a kind of property . 
  if it were n't for all the totalitarians everywhere you would n't need to codify it at all . 
  and yes since i own myself i also have a right to defend myself . 
  i was talking about the nogo zones , crime and sweden being the rape capital of the world ... 
  czech republic is the 6th safest place to live on earth . 
  the only eu countries that are safer are portugal , austria ( which has in some senses even more free gun laws ) and denmark . 
  our system works.so lets bloody keep it . 
  and this is what this constitutional change is about . 
  but if you look at france , britain , germany , sweden with their endless terrorist attacks at unarmed civilians , their endless `` high security alerts '' ... you can see system that doesnt work . 
  czech republic is the 6th safest place to live on earth . 
  the only eu countries that are safer are portugal , austria ( which has in some senses even more free gun laws ) and denmark . 
  i do n't think we need to take arguments from anyone . 
  our system works . 
  so lets bloody keep it . 
  but if you look at france , britain , germany , sweden with their endless terrorist attacks at unarmed civilians , their endless `` high security alerts '' ... you can see system that doesnt work . 
  tfw you realize that even the communist party of czech republic is less totalitarian then brussels ... ( all but one communist mp voted for it . ), 
  well actually the ultra-leftwing is for leaving the eu there , because the eu has some rules regarding spending , the consider harsh . 
  yes leaving the eurozone would devastate them ( atleast in the short and medium term ) . 
  but status quo is unsustainable there aswell . 
  and ultra-leftwing are not very good economists afterall :-), 
  according to this study only 24 % brits think a eu membership is a bad thing . 
  yet brexit happened . 
  if there lot of people who think its neither bad or good i think they are more likely to vote to leave . 
  why ? 
  because they are more likely to know all the reasons the eu is good and not a lot of reason why its not good . 
  why ? 
  a ) public schools b ) eu spends a lot of money on making the populace know its a good thing . 
  everywhere you look there is a sign or something saying `` this here was payed by eu money . '' . 
  i think greece is pretty obvious - there is lot of people there angry about the debt , imf and stuff . 
  so i do n't think its really anything unexpected . 
  well its because the rest of the people didnt say its a bad thing - only 24 % said that , the rest was either unsure or said its neither good or bad . 
  i do n't think we can say that those people all went and voted for brexit . 
  well according to this survey only 24 % of brits think its a bad thing . 
  yet we all know what happened . 
  and as for people not noticing the lack of governmetn - well i think that is universal . 
  because without government the country does n't change really ... its just the same status quo without any new laws and stuff . 
  we ( czechs ) also did n't have a government in recent years for like year and a half ( it was basically managed by buerocrats ) and nobody minded it . 
  it was actually pretty popular `` governmentt '' . 
  sorry edited it in . 
  so yesterday european parliament facebook proudly shared their newest eurobaremeter survey ( which they commision every year ) . 
  saying that increasing number of europeans ( 57 % ) thinks eu membership is a good thing . 
  so i decided to look at their numbers for separate member states . 
  first i looked at germany and sure enough 79 % of germans think its a good thing . 
  and since germany is basically 1/6 of eu ( by population ) i immedietely knew that this massively skews the average results and that the overall happiness with eu membership will be a lot lower in the rest of the states . 
  poland is another large country which massively supports the eu ( 71 % ) .
