  it would n't be the first time they come or pass through spain . 
  i think stupiduselessscot has a point , though . 
  islam operates a lot like an identity , so it 's really hard to approach it with the eyes of what we have done here with christianity . 
  you 're muslim first , and then , if appropriate , something else . 
  leave an identity is way harder that leave a religion , even if one implies the other . 
  you 're right . 
  39 confirmed and now talking about 60 . 
  this is horrible . 
  hopefully it 's just the confusion of the moment . 
  the numbers are very dispar . 
  i hope for the best . 
  it can be tricky if you do n't know the process or if the person who attends you wants to get away . 
  i 've had problems myself in madrid because i did n't know well what to do and they were sending me to different institutions . 
  but in my hometown , speaking on a daily basis , i have n't had any huge problem with the administration : police , post office , school , hospital , justice etc. , are all pretty diligent . 
  and the ma\u00f1ana-ma\u00f1ana thing just does n't happen with private businesses . 
  maybe i 'm just lucky . 
  i 'm aware there 're some issues with education and sanity ( heavy-demanded operations specially ) due to cuts , old webs , problems between regional authorities , etc. , but , in my experience , on a daily basis , it 's not that bad . 
  i do n't know how it 's for foreigns , though , so maybe there 's a real issue towards them , i 'm just speaking about my experience . 
  and the siesta topic just does n't happen ( i know you did n't say nothing about it , just want to condense all in one post ) . 
  nobody in my circle takes a nap after eat . 
  it usually goes like this : 2:45 home ; 3:00 eat ; 3:00 -3:45 news-sports while eating ; 3:45 -4:00 prepare , take a shower , etc. 
  ; 4:00 -4:30 leave again . 
  sorry if i made some grammatical mistake , but i 'm really tired and do n't want to revise it all . 
  new account with only one comment repeating the most insulting stereotypes . 
  seems legit . 
  when i went back to spain from a trip to rome , it was really amazing to know that i would n't be smashed by a motorcycle or a car at the first opportunity . 
  firenze was nice , though . 
  rome too spooky for me . 
  blas de lezo , a spanish admiral , was pretty badass if you ask me : from wikipedia : * blas de lezo participated in that battle ( battle of m\u00e1laga , the largest naval battle in the war of the spanish succession ) fighting itself in an exemplary manner , until a cannon ball shattered his left leg , so it had to be amputated without anesthesia , below the knee . 
  * later on , after he recovered : * [ while defending the fort ] after the impact of a cannon in the fort , a piece of wood hit his eye , exploiting it immediately , thereby losing forever the sight of it . 
  * and : * later participated in the siege of barcelona in command of campanella ( 70 ) , during which besieged the city systematically bombarding , where the september 11 , 1714 , as he approached with too much momentum to their defenses , is shot by a musket in the right forearm , leaving the limb with little mobility to the end of his days . 
  thus , with only 25 years old , we have an one-eyed young , maimed and crippled blas de lezo . 
  at that time , and in command of a frigate , he captured eleven british ships , including 20 guns-stanhope . 
  * he also participated in the spanish expedition to oran ( 1732 ) , where they defeated the ottoman-muslim troops and took back or\u00e1n and mers el-kebir . 
  but he is better known for the battle of cartagena de indias , where he repelled 30,000 english , 29 ships of the line , 22 frigates and 135 transports and other craft with 4000 men and 6 ships of the line and numerous shore-based guns . 
  he died 4 months later . 
  edit : i translated most of it myself , so there 's a lot of mistakes . 
  jeremy rayder is so badass . 
  hope he wins . 
  that 's a monstrous tortilla . 
  the normal one looks more like this : http://imgur.com/qzvwbuv eggs , potatoes , olive oil , ( onions ) and salt are the key ingredients . 
  you can do it with courgette , ham , spinach , peppers , etc. , too . 
  amazing dish , i tell you . 
  it 's a famous tapa too . 
  do n't try to trigger me !, 
  and do n't confuse the almighty spanish tortilla ( http://imgur.com/vksi70j ) with that corn flatbread !, 
  ok , here i go : i like the tortilla more without onions . 
  yes , you read it right . 
  fuck the onion barbarism !, 
  the falkland islands ^ he ^ he ^ he, 
  here the generation of my uncles/fathers/grandfathers never had english as foreign language , it was french . 
  now , most of their generation can speak/understand some french , but they do n't know a single word in english . 
  maybe the situation was similar in france ? 
  with german instead of french , obviously . 
  because the young french people i know have a normal level of english . 
  he 's french , he already surrendered . 
  he 's joking , man . 
  view of tenerife , canarias , spain : https://drscdn.500px.org/photo/98283619/m=2048_k=1_a=1/25880694c677498714a9d52a9e69f4fd i do n't think you can see something like this in continental europe . 
  look at his account , he 's a troll that creates a new account in every thread related with spain just to say the same sentence . 
  makes no sense to argue with him . 
  i do n't think that 's what he 's trying to imply . 
  bosnian muslims are known for being moderate , so their radicalization is a problem/frightening . 
  it has nothing to do with the arrest of the radicalized muslims . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , though . 
  edit : i was just interpreting the top comment of this thread because the [ removed ] comment was misinterpreting it . 
  i 'm not saying anything or supporting a concrete opinion . 
  i 'm saying this because now it seems it 's me who is being misunderstood . 
  do you have blonde/pale gypsies there too ? 
  i always thought they were modern irish gypsies . 
  they do n't mix with roman gypsies here . 
  can confirm : wine is for old people , tourists and gypsies . 
  we drink ( mostly ) beer during the week and ron-vodka-whisky during the weekends . 
  that sounds so ... human . 
  silly spaniards . 
  yep , it 's a matter of time . 
  most young people are actively against , while old people can be more reluctant to ban it or support it . 
  the problem : people between 35-50 . 
  they just do n't care . 
  my fathers , for example , ca n't stand a bullfight , but they would never do anything about it . 
  seems like they ca n't confront their parents ' generation . 
  i can into suomi too !, 
  i understand why they did it in the last elections , but now i do n't get it . 
  everybody is aware of podemos and his leader . 
  it was a great experience overall . 
  the city is truly beautiful . 
  we had some problems finding cabs/public transport , though , but maybe is because we were doing it wrong . 
  we were the only strangers , so i guess it 's normal , but it felt weird and uncomfortable how a lot of the people there were staring at us . 
  edit : we were eating at a restaurant full of people from there on the outskirts of the city when that happened . 
  funny story : i was 15-16 yo when we went there , and most of the time the waiters served these huge beers to me and not to me my mother . 
  the same when we went to the oldest brewery there . 
  even though every teen here can buy beer and so on , it 's unusual to serve them beer in front of their parents . 
  camille desmoulins , who i didnd ' t know who he was until now . 
  rip turkey . 
  yeah , i 'm an atheist too , but as i see it the religion does n't affect the political/social views of the spaniards too much . 
  their belief in god is pretty passive , i 'd say . 
  or at least that 's my experience . 
  indeed . 
  i 've seen this stereotype a lot of times here . 
  i 'm not sure where it comes from , though . 
  only old people ( not all of them , of course ) are religious in the strict sense .
