  the ugt , per se , without the psoe 's bourgeoisie and the cnt , was incapable of a revolution . 
  of course the republic was n't a paradise : europe was convulsing , and spain , like italy , france or germany , but ( as always ) years later , was having revolts in the fabrics ; the workers were trying to organize for themselves . 
  but that 's not enough to endorse more than 35 years of dictatorship and repression . 
  i 'm defending the actual consensus of the historiography . 
  only elements of the far-right defend what you 're saying here . 
  all the historiography i 've read , except p\u00edo moa , says otherwise . 
  only the cnt and the ugt were capable of a revolution ( in fact , they tried a couple of times ) , and the cnt was against the ussr . 
  you ca n't read something like the spanish civil war or the support of the reactionary forces as a languages thing . 
  it was , in first term , a class war . 
  the reactionary forces of spain , financials and landlords , does n't matter if from catalonia or madrid , were n't unite because they wanted castilian to be the '' spanish language '' , but because they were against a liberal-socialist republic . 
  but all you 're talking about happened once the war started . 
  your argument , as i pointed out , is some kind of self-fulfilling prophecy : '' franco saved your country because thanks to his coup d'etat against the republic he made the communist faction stronger , so he needed to take down the republic to avoid the communist dominance . '', 
  but your argument is self-contradictory : spain could have become a ussr-like-country because of the coup d'etat ( military aid from ussr gave too much power to the spanish communists ) ; but there was no way that the bourgeoisie republic could have turned into that . 
  the republic was too liberal for the reactionary forces of spain , and that 's why the tried to take it down . 
  fascism was a general phenomenon , not a castilian thing . 
  the communist party was always marginal in spain until the last months of the war , when the aid of the ussr made them hegemonic . 
  at the start they had like 30.000 to 100.000 members . 
  were the ugt/psoe ( socialist ) and the cnt ( anarcho syndicalist ) , not the pce , with millions of members , the principal forces of the left . 
  the coup d'etat was against a bourgeois republic and the popular front , not against the pce and the soviet union . 
  that 's old francoist propaganda . 
  only p\u00edo moa and other '' historians '' say that today . 
  oh , man , '' silouan 's song '' always gives me chills . 
  he 's so good . 
  i like the idea of pan-european parties . 
  let 's see how it goes . 
  i 've seen a lot of costas-gravas too , but i think the production was always french . 
  i will watch '' little england '' for sure . 
  thanks !, 
  and feel free to suggest more movies , i love to watch good '' unknown '' movies . 
  drama if possible , of course . 
  theo angelopoulos is one of my favourite directors , and his movie '' eternity and a day '' is my favourite movie at this very moment . 
  i ca n't wait to buy a collection of all his work . 
  his dead was a tragedy noy only for greece but for the world . 
  aris chatzistefanou makes really good documentaries too ( '' debtocracy '' is his most famous , i guess ) . 
  yorgos lanthimos is also very good , but i do n't know his work that well . 
  i 'm too afraid to answer now ... so puxa asturies !, 
  wait , what happened in asturias ( north region of spain ) ? 
  a bad year ? 
  i always thought they were so chill there . 
  greece , i love your culture , your language , your cinema , your history and your people . 
  i wish i could live there and learn more about you . 
  croatia , i want to go there so badly too . 
  you look beautiful . 
  poland , you 've been trough a lot : ocupattion , war , socialist market ... but you 're still here !, 
  i envy the force of polish people to preserve their country and culture . 
  netherland , i love how liberal and open you are . 
  always ahead . 
  you 're the lighthouse of europe . 
  keep it like that . 
  austria , your capital is one of the most vibrant and beautiful cities i know about . 
  you should be proud of it . 
  ( and austria-hungria is one of my favourite european empires ) . 
  edit : and portugal , i love you so much i would let you be part of spain again anytime you want . 
  finland : thanks for the word perkele !, 
  change our name to the federation . 
  start space program . 
  be nice and promote human rights all over the universe . 
  conquer other planets . 
  turn evil . 
  change our name to european galactic empire . 
  spain is their main market too . 
  i do n't know if there are studies about the influence of this , but i can see more than one stop buying catalan products or services after the independence . 
  not that i like it , but it is what it is . 
  same can be said about the other side , tho . 
  people who had been republican and federalist all their life but now are disappointed with spanish politics and want a change immediately . 
  a change in spanish politics to the left can turn a lot of these people to believe in a federal state again . 
  just look at why '' their leaders voted yes-yes in the 9n '' : llu\u00eds rabell voted yes-yes , in his own words , '' to protest and to defend federalism , as an act of disobedience against the anti-democratic politics of the partido popular '' . 
  ( what he said in spanish : '' vot\u00e9 s\u00ed-s\u00ed para protestar y defender el federalismo , como acto de rebeld\u00eda contra la actitud antidemocr\u00e1tica y agresiva del pp '' ) . 
  [ 2 ] colau says , literally , '' i 'm not nationalist or independentist ... '' . 
  edit : grammar and trying to explain myself better . 
  oh , you do n't want to know . 
  a lot . 
  too much sometimes . 
  normally we take the topics that are said about us and use them in our favour , or at least we make them sound funny . 
  other times it 's just self-bashing for the sake of it . 
  but do n't you dare to make fun of us if you 're not from here , guiri . 
  they tried it in my city ( 35000 inhabitants ) a couple of times , but it seems that my fellow citizens prefer a liter of beer , bravas and mollejas rather than sushi . 
  but yeah , in really large cities you can find these shops all around . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  this is the most disturbing thing i 've read in a while . 
  still behind us ^ ja ^ ja ^ ja, 
  sad but true . 
  maybe some voters of c 's who were thinking '' oh , maybe we should have voted pp ... '' now are gon na feel that they did the right thing , i.e : they 're not gon na change their vote . 
  but that 's about it . 
  if a bald guy goes there , would grass grow over his head ? 
  anyways , beautiful place !, 
  do we have someone like that ? 
  totally agree . 
  some sectors are trying to blame garz\u00f3n and his electoral campaign , but for me he 's the only reason iu-up is still there . 
  he has been a huge factor in my decision to vote iu-up . 
  he 's too young right now , but he has a lot of potential . 
  hope to see him in charge for a while . 
  first time i 've seen someone call rivera catalufo . 
  you should visit another regions of spain and talk with more people . 
  you know , to clean your mind of shit . 
  but we do n't know nothing about his sexuality . 
  you 're giving too much credit to rumours . 
  independence in relation with the actual status , without portugal ; but some of them would love to be a galician republic within a spanish socialist republic , or even an iberian federation . 
  it 's a mess . 
  for me it sounds like drunk people trying to speak old spanish .
