i do n't think they 're our best actors . 
  they 're more known internationally , but that 's about it . 
  as for actress ... 
  i do n't know , i liked mar\u00eda valverde in '' la flaqueza del bolchevique '' , but i ca n't think of a really outstanding actress right now . 
  that 's what happens when you 're not subscribed to / r/europe . 
  he did n't read our thread from yesterday !, 
  definitely : they are n't refugees . 
  none of the spanish newspapers or tvs are taking them as refugees , so no idea why turkish newspapers are trying to portray them as refugees . 
  there 're a lot of snobs ( '' pijos '' ) in madrid . 
  sometimes some of them say that people from my region speak bad castilian because of our accent , while they ca n't differenciate between la/le/lo . 
  the video shows a man , a woman and another woman in the background yelling '' undesirables ! '' . 
  '' that 's not something you do , sons of a bitch . 
  sons of a bitch !, 
  '' , says the old man . 
  '' disgusting shit '' , says the woman . 
  holy shit . 
  that 's awful . 
  why use , then , the vergina star ( before ) or name an airport '' alexander the great '' ? 
  at least they have taken hitler !, 
  this comment should be at the top . 
  people who have never heard about the issue are taking it like a dispute ( only ) for the name . 
  no , the problem is way deeper than that . 
  the thing is that none of these cities or terms , or the salad for that matter , are claiming to be the descendants of the ancient kingdom of macedon or are taking cultural symbols from the greeks . 
  edit : descendants seems more correct . 
  yeah , but in the process to kill an animal there 're more factors that can cause suffering ; stress is quite common ( caused by transport , agglomeration , lack of space , negligence , etc. 
  ) , for example . 
  why is this suffering admissible , if it 's avoidable ? 
  where do you draw the line , though ? 
  i mean , why do we eat meat at all if it 's avoidable ? 
  european galactic empire . 
  anyone ? 
  or we can invest all the subventions that the government is wasting to preserve the bullfights and create spaces where the lidia bull can live , protect them , etc. 
  you know , like we do with other species . 
  i read somewhere ( so take this with a grain of salt ) that females from canary islands have a 40 % of guanche/berber ancestry while males have only a 15-20 % . 
  basically they went there , killed all the men and fucked the native guanches . 
  classic spanish behaviour . 
  can confirm : i had two romanian guys in my classroom and could n't understand a word . 
  view of tenerife , canary islands , spain : https://drscdn.500px.org/photo/98283619/m=2048_k=1_a=1/25880694c677498714a9d52a9e69f4fd gran canaria , canary islands : http://brillante.co/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/810.jpg south castile ( ciudad real and toledo ) , caba\u00f1eros : http://www.conmishijos.com/assets/planes/1000/1120-parque-nacional-de-cabaneros-la-berrea.jpg, 
  why this change ? 
  it 's amazing . 
  to the contrary : the monarchy is a huge problem when dealing with secessionists . 
  most of them are republicans , and it 's per se ( the monarchy ) a matter of '' clash '' between the different parts . 
  a federal republic with great autonomy for all the nations of spain and a senate with the purpose of represent them is the best option to fix this problem . 
  it 's the natural form of government for spain . 
  call them southerner thrash or fachas is a bit harsh . 
  the majority has bought the '' the king saved us from a coup d'etat '' , they think the monarchy is cheaper or that the king is a neutral entity ; but all this is more a result of the media ( all of them until very recently ) : they have been bombarding the public with these messages for years . 
  it 's to be expected that now a lot of people are monarchists by default . 
  as for the question , historically , the spanish levante ( valencia , murcia , catalonia , including m\u00e1laga and c\u00e1diz ) had been the feuds of the republicanism here ; also some notable cities : madrid or gij\u00f3n , for example . 
  but now , after almost 40 years of dictatorship , only a few autonomous communities remain republican , and most of the time because of the regional nationalism . 
  it 's a bit sad . 
  we 're living another golden age . 
  what part of spain ? 
  because the north of castile or basque country have nothing to do with c\u00e1diz or murcia , south of spain . 
  we have the same difference of cultures here . 
  even though i 'm quite leftist , i do n't like too much the popular governments that venezuela , ecuador and other countries over there have . 
  i feel more sympathy for small liberal republics . 
  but yeah , i would n't mind if any of the countries with spanish heritage join us . 
  it 's just a temporal preference . 
  probably a confederation with portugal . 
  to be more important in europe and all that . 
  but i feel closer to chile or uruguay . 
  i 'm from a small town in the middle of castile so mostly grape-juice , wine and sheep shit . 
  i 've found this : http://www.elconfidencial.com/espana/2016-02-14/poblacion-extranjera-mayoritaria-ciudades-espana-barrios-padron_1151465/#laspalmasgrancanaria people from spanish south america , romanians and north africans are the majority it seems . 
  well ... fuck . 
  but no , you ca n't . 
  please :(, 
  not yet . 
  iberians of the world , unite !, 
  basque can not into infograhy . 
  the first spaniard that tried to get to the moon . 
  respect . 
  i mean , even before that . 
  we had the liberal triennium from 1820 to 1823 ( until the french restored the absolute monarchy ) , the restoration of the constitutional monarchy again in 1833 until 1868 , from 1871 to 1873 a parliamentary monarchy , and then from 1873 to 1874 a republic . 
  oh , it 's true . 
  i played both , but it was a long time ago . 
  ok , ok then , eu4 , do n't fail me : moldova was a vassal of the ottoman empire at some point ( ? ), 
  and here ends my contribution . 
  this photo reminds me one thing ... we need more suits and more moustaches !, 
  i 'm a * titiritero * , so i might . 
  being involved in a judicial procedure , i guess . 
  how embarrassing . 
  i hope him to receive a good amount of money and help . 
  and someone to take responsibility for this huge mistake . 
  there 's no way to fix this , but at least make the goddamn right thing for now on . 
  yeah , i know , but the comment / r/gkat was replying was implying otherwise ; like if it was the rest of spain against catalonia and basque country . 
  it 's a misunderstanding , i think . 
  edit : posted the same thing twice . 
  what we are saying is that there 's no '' exceptionalism '' . 
  where i 'm from , the republic won easily with the support of almost all the population , and i 'm from castile . 
  there was repression too . 
  i have n't said they fully supported the republic in any comment ; you 're projecting on me , i think . 
  what i 'm saying is : communists were the minor of the revolutionary forces in spain until the coup d'etat . 
  the numbers tell us this . 
  historically , since engels tried to promote a communist party in madrid , the anarchism has been the main force here . 
  the revolution needed to turn a bourgeoisie republic to a socialist republic was impossible without the help of the anarchists , and they were for their own stateless model of society . 
  the ugt was ambivalent : some favored a revolution , some supported the legal government . 
  therefore , the statement : '' thanks to franco there was n't a soviet state in spain '' is false . 
  you ca n't put marxists social-democrats , vanguard communism and anarcho-communists together and say that they will lead to a soviet state or even a revolution . 
  that 's unreal . 
  i truly do n't think so .
