  i love it . 
  portugal . 
  now give me 12 points , portugal . 
  it 's your duty . 
  we have the same '' accent '' or tone . 
  i do n't know how to explain it , but the way the greeks vocalize is pretty close to how we do it . 
  the greeks do n't have a heavy accent when they speak spanish as far as i can tell . 
  spaniards use men\u00e9ame , forocoches , sofosagora ( philosophy ) , etc. , as their reddit . 
  there are millions of people who speak spanish worldwide , so it 's virtually possible to talk about any given topic without the need of speak english . 
  edit : another thing : most of my friends who speak english do n't even know about the existence of reddit . 
  i discovered reddit by chance a year ago , so i guess that 's another reason . 
  i see . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  off topic : do people like anne hidalgo , manuel valls or philippe mart\u00ednez have a special status ? 
  something like '' hispanic '' in eeuu for southamericans . 
  if not , could they be considered '' fran\u00e7ais de souche '' considering the proximity of spanish people and french people ? 
  just curious . 
  edit : grammar and spelling . 
  my point was n't that it happens more or less , but that certain characteristics that only a religion has can lead to an incorrect sexual behaviour . 
  nonetheless , for me , the big deal is the power relation : father/uncle/grandfather-son / daughter ; teacher-student ; priest-follower/disciple , etc. 
  this relation happens , obviously , in all the levels of the social structure . 
  well , it 's to some extent . 
  if you have a pedophile warlord as your role model , then it 's not that hard to take the wrong path or to back up your pedophilia as something '' moral '' . 
  or if you do n't let priests to marry or fulfill their connatural sexual needs , and if on top of that you let them stay with kids a lot of time , then it 's more likely to find more of these people between them . 
  a lot of religions try to forbid or avoid a good sexual education , and some people can develop psico-sexual problems because of this , eventually leading to problems like pedophilia . 
  this can also evolve to a cultural issue , being really hard to change then . 
  around one hundred people arrested just this year in spain . 
  i do n't follow all the cases , but i do n't think we can keep them in jail for a long time . 
  there 's a castilian independentist movement too ( they are a tiny minority in the castilian nationalism ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/castilian_nationalism spain is , as a matter of fact , a plurinational state . 
  a lot of the new nationalisms were created ad hoc , though . 
  as pi i margall said , spain has a federal structure by nature , by history and by need . 
  i envy french republicanism for these kinds of things . 
  keep it up , france !, 
  yeah , i know . 
  i just wish there was some way to keep all these old churches , villas , towers , hermitages and typical architecture alive ; the old spain . 
  castilla was n't always like that . 
  madrid has absorbed all the rural population over the years . 
  in guadalajara , near madrid , out of their 288 towns , 228 have less than 250 inhabitants , all very old and without capacity to increase population . 
  now you can see villages that years before had 400-500 inhabitants and now they have a couple of people living there , usually really , really old . 
  these old towns with centuries of history are being abandoned . 
  near where i live , in the mountains , beautiful villages are now abandoned , some of them without water or electricity . 
  it 's just sad to see your region in this condition . 
  castilla y le\u00f3n , three times bigger than belgium , only has 2.5 millions of inhabitants . 
  a lot of regions are slowly dying ... :(, 
  it 's surprisingly good . 
  i 'm not about to cry . 
  i swear . 
  the mainstream christianism disregarded the old law pretty much since the beginning . 
  the old testament is valid in the sense that it provides moral precepts that are always valid ( ten commandments ) , but the law was dictated to the people of israel in a certain moment , so the gentiles are exempt to apply it . 
  st. thomas aquinas explains it very well . 
  the reformed christians said this in their articles of religion : '' the old testament is not contrary to the new ; since in both old and new , mankind eternal life offered by christ , who is the only mediator between god and man , being him , god and man . 
  so they must not hear those who imagine that the ancient patriarchs did look only for transitory promises . 
  although the law of god given through moses , as regards ceremonies and rites not bind christians , nor should they necessarily received his civil precepts in any state , however , no christian one that is free from the obedience to the commandments which are called moral . '', 
  ( google translate , sorry ) this summarizes pretty well what was an historical consensus , based on the views of st. paul . 
  all the christianisms based on his views ( catholicism , protestanism , orthodox , anglicanism , etc. ), 
  hold , with different degrees , the same principle . 
  other thing is that this view can be changed through a personal exegesis of the bible . 
  only the christian reconstructionism and the theonomy ask for the implementation of the mosaic law today . 
  this movement does n't exist outside of eeuu , it 's pretty recent and has no influence . 
  but , again , that 's the explanation , commentary , etc. , of the quran , and not part of the quran itself . 
  the quran is only one volume , which is the word of god . 
  this commentary would make more sense if the paulinism was n't the main source of the mainstream christianism . 
  sadly ( because they were going to fail ) the judeo-christianism was overtaken by them . 
  in fact , the epistles of paul are the oldest texts of the new covenant , and the four gospels were and are permeated in the cosmovision of paul . 
  joan also has some gnostic influence . 
  the transition '' only the people of israel and the converts can be saved '' ( which was what jesus said ) to '' all who believes in god can be saved '' also implies the derogation of the old law for the gentiles . 
  this is why , to some extent , the expansion of the christianism through the pagan world was so fast . 
  edit : if you 're gon na downvote , at least try to write a counterargument , what i said is well accepted between secular scholars . 
  no , the quran is only one book , which is the verbatim word of god . 
  this is basic . 
  it can include an exegesis and a commentary , but that 's all . 
  then you have the sunnah , which have the hadith and the sira as main sources ; and here is when the muslims differ : they include or exclude different texts from them depending on their tradition . 
  the quran mentions other books as revealed : torah ( revealed to moses ) , the psalms ( zabur ) ( revealed to david ) , the injil ( gospel ) ( revealed to jesus ) , but the quran is the final revelation . 
  those books do n't constitute their main source or anything like that . 
  the radical mosques are well identified by the police . 
  someone who spreads an idea that has caused hundreds of deaths in europe in the last decade is all you want , but certainly is n't innocent . 
  do n't try to generalize this to all muslims or all their mosques , no one is saying that . 
  a quote from / r/atheism : `` we are blaming the problem on steam and refusing to acknowledge the boiling water . '', 
  i have n't seen any way to put it better . 
  i had to check your flag to know where are you from . 
  it 's kinda awesome -- in the bad way -- that all you have said can be applied to a lot of european countries . 
   i 've never read a marxist argument trying to convince the faithful or any non-materialists to the marxist cause without boiling down to , `` you 're wrong , nothing you care about matters , be a marxist & unite ! '', 
  that 's why i think the * intelligentsia * should abandon some taboos , as zizek has pointed out , and go full commitment on this issue . 
  this kind of public speech is basically non existent . 
  with time and insistence , it may undermine their identity . 
  it worked in spain in the early years of the 19th century , but i agree that this could be more difficult . 
  and i agree ; while i dislike pegida a lot , you ca n't compare both . 
  it 's the solution to some extent : if the muslim people recognize themselves as working class instead of an oppressed minority , they probably will do as other europeans : join a syndicate , a political party , a radical ideology a neighbor association , or whatever . 
  there 're a lot of indigenous people as poor and excluded as them , but when they look backwards they see more options , always aiming for a change . 
  that gives them hope and the sense of being part of a group . 
  however , when the muslim population look backwards they only reflect themselves into islamism , a reactionary religion that ca n't bring nothing fruitful . 
  this is easy to say and hard to do , though . 
  a good first step : as zizek states , the left has to abandon some bad habits . 
  i 'd say that the ideological fight should be even bigger : the state has to promote their own religious leaders and try to wipe out the radical ones , ban madrazas or other scholar institutions , etc. 
  in definitive , try to dilute islam into an inocuous humanism . 
  it 's a long run fight , and it may not work , but it 's better than nothing . 
  sorry for the wall , btw . 
  this declaration is half ridiculous , half infuriating . 
  * ( ... ) she says her suicide bomber son did not intend to kill . 
  hong kong is n't on the list .
