  gibraltar is included besides the spanish claim . 
  you ca n't be so obtuse . 
   i 'm finding this really funny now , your hypocrisy on this matter tickles me somewhat . 
  you 're a nationalist who would go at war with spain for gibraltar , you ca n't expect too much about yourself . 
  your original comment still is , at this very moment , false . 
  gibraltar is a colony ; ceuta and melilla are not . 
  but you can try to mess around all you want , though . 
  do n't confuse opinions with the legal framework that it 's actually working . 
  it 's only one , especially in this matter . 
  hong kong was a former colony . 
  law is n't immutable , but it should be recognized while it 's in vigor . 
  ceuta and melilla are integral part of spain since the beginning . 
  read some history about them . 
  not comparable . 
  uk , as a former colonial power , has no opinion to determine if some territory is a colony or not . 
  for the same reason , their colonists ca n't decide over a territory that breaks the integral territory of another nation . 
  this is not a postmodern debate where uk has an opinion and spain other , so at the end nothing is true . 
  the truth : gibraltar is a colony , among other uk colonies all over the world . 
  the legal precedent ( i.e. 
  before the un ) is irrelevant . 
  the wishes of those who live there , as a matter of fact , are irrelevant to determine if a territory is a colony or not . 
  just search how the process works . 
  what you said on your first comment is false . 
  your wishes ca n't alter the reality . 
  no , you can check again the official un list : http://www.un.org/en/decolonization/nonselfgovterritories.shtml you do n't seem to understand how the international legality works . 
  there 's only one . 
  spain ca n't send colonists to la habana , then proclame a referendum , win it , and annex la habana . 
  it 's not the same principle , as the international legality states . 
  read it . 
  your nationalistic and belligerant approach is detestable . 
  the colonists ca n't decide over the integrity of another state for the reasons stated above . 
  the thing is : on an internacional level , it matters . 
  you ca n't create a new legal framework . 
  it does n't matter if you believe the colonists should have an opinion or not . 
  if you do n't care about what the un has stated , then i ca n't do more . 
  does n't matter if they lost the land centuries ago , it matters that these territories operated as colonies at some point , or still operate as such . 
  the integrity of a state is a basic concept . 
  i personally do n't care that much , but you were ( and are ) lying : ceuta and melilla do n't hold the same status than gibraltar ; gibraltar is a colony , ceuta and melilla are not . 
   i do n't live in gibraltar but i respect their choice to decide to be part of our nation , i would volunteer to protect that with force if need be , or my tax monies more likely . 
  such a nationalistic and belligerent approach . 
  truly detestable . 
  now i understand where are you coming from . 
  if you do n't care about the legal definition , or do n't understand it , or do n't '' give a shit '' , then do n't try to argue about it . 
  mocking spain or mixing a hundred of different historic moments is not gon na change it . 
  gibraltar is , in fact , a colony . 
  the falklands are a colony too , alongside with other uk possessions . 
  just read the un conventions on this matter or check the list . 
  it 's the bad side of being a colonial empire for so long . 
  other thing is that the uk does n't care about it or that the un ca n't enforce the resolutions . 
  it does n't matter what they do believe , or if the country is poor , the colonist ca n't decide to change the integrity of another state unilaterally . 
  this is basic . 
  what makes ceuta and melilla part of spain is that since the beginning both were counted as integral territory of spain . 
  or\u00e1n , other spanish territory , was a colony because it was not an integral part of spain , but a commercial-military enclave against the ottomans , etc. 
  maybe he means berber . 
  just guessing . 
  ceuta and melilla are not colonies in the same sense that thrace , the european side of turkey , is n't a colony . 
  being in another continent ( or proximity ) means nothing in this case . 
  sadly for uk , the referendum is n't a feature to determine if a territory is a colony or not . 
  colonists ca n't decide if they want or not violate the integrity of the nation they 're inside . 
  just a small historical correction : most of the mixture did n't happen during the invasion , but after the resettlement of the moriscos ( either mulad\u00edes or mud\u00e9jares ) after the war of the alpujarras ( 16th century ) and after the final expulsion ( some came back after too ) . 
  the major demographic group of al-andalus were always the mulad\u00edes , i.e. , hispanovisigoths that changed their religion to islam , but they were from the same ethnic group than the christians of the north . 
  the expulsion was a tragedy because , in fact , the vast majority of the expelled were identical to the other spaniards , being the only difference their religion and their customs . 
  as you can see for the list , no , it 's not . 
  it may change in the future , but for now , what you said is n't true . 
  can they adopt too ? 
  i remember reading so , but i 'm not sure now . 
  anyways , really good news !, 
  sorry to disappoint you , but both situations are incomparable : you can check the united nations declaration regarding non-self-governing territories here : http://www.un-documents.net/ch-11.htm , and the updated list here : http://www.un.org/en/decolonization/nonselfgovterritories.shtml or a summary here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_committee_on_decolonization basically , both territories have been sovereign territory of spain ( administratively and culturally ) for so long that does n't make sense to consider them colonies . 
  for example , when the spanish protectorate of morocco was formed , ceuta and melilla were counted out . 
  they 're called plazas de soberan\u00eda ( places of sovereignty ) . 
  and although morocco claims these territories , they 're not colonies in any sense . 
  and more than 1800 injuries . 
  people from outside seem to forget about the 11m , but it was a huge shock here . 
  we have had more islamist attacks : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1985_el_descanso_bombing 18 deaths and 82 injuries in this one . 
  perhaps they 've compiled their data from people living in big cities . 
  they just extrapolate what they see on a daily basis to the small towns . 
  it 's not the same situation over here , obviously . 
  9/10 for not mention the reactionary nature of islam as cohesive element . 
  great stuff , though . 
  it 's the flag of spanish republicans : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_spanish_republic . 
  some of us still aim for a secular , federal and republican spain . 
  no luck for the moment . 
  and meanwhile some of our leftist are comparing this with our terrorism by saying '' so spain should have bombed basque country because of eta too . '', 
  i do n't even know anymore . 
  hope they 've killed some bastards . 
  but he has like a little microphone on his shoulder . 
  he looks quite suspicious and hilarious at the same time . 
  edit : someone has pointed out that maybe he has a camera in his bag , that 's why it looks open for one side and he 's moving backwards like that . 
  makes sense . 
  next level spy . 
  wait , france has manpower limit ? 
  til . 
  but you ca n't compare the mujahideen and talibans with the kurd fighters of north syria . 
  their ideology and their goals are totally different . 
  as long as they keep a liberal-socialist concept of state , we should support them . 
  and i 'm talking mostly about logistic-military aid : weapons , advisers , etc. , not a direct invasion . 
  yes . 
  i have always supported the idea of help the kurd fighters , especially the leftists of rojava , and this surely would help them directly or indirectly . 
  in spain , the mossos d'esquadra have found a burned car with diverse false licenses from spain , germany and france , and also some mobiles . 
  they 're still studying if there 's some connection with the attack , though .
