  most of spaniards are just cultural christians . 
  do they believe in god ? 
  yes . 
  do they care about what the church says ? 
  they pretty much hold their own political views . 
  and i 'd say a cultural christian can be more progressive than a conservative atheist . 
  but that 's another debate . 
  let us win at something !, 
  huh !, 
  small , rich and beautiful . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  if you want to talk about state terrorism , fine , but use a proper example the next time . 
  no , that means that they committed war crimes . 
  terrorists are n't a state and terrorism is n't a war . 
  worst troll ever . 
  i was baptised , did the communion and went to a catholic school for 13 years . 
  when i was christian i did n't attend church , but sometimes i prayed before going to sleep , if that counts . 
  only one of my grandmothers pray before eating ( and only sometimes ) . 
  i believe both of them attend church regularly , though . 
  none of my friends or family , although christians , do these things as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i 've found this : http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/frequently-requested-statistics-immigrants-and-immigration-united-states#mexican some quotes : '' in 2013 , approximately 41.3 million immigrants lived in the united states ( ... ) '' and : '' nearly 11.6 million immigrants from mexico reside in the united states , according to the 2013 acs , accounting for 28 percent of all u.s. immigrants '' . 
  because it 's not the same situation : http://www.un.org/en/decolonization/nonselfgovterritories.shtml, 
  you can check the united nations declaration regarding non-self-governing territories here : http://www.un-documents.net/ch-11.htm , and the updated list here : http://www.un.org/en/decolonization/nonselfgovterritories.shtml or a summary here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_committee_on_decolonization basically , both territories have been sovereign territory of spain ( administratively and culturally ) for so long that does n't make sense to consider them colonies . 
  for example , when the spanish protectorate of morocco was formed , ceuta and melilla were counted out . 
  they 're called plazas de soberan\u00eda ( places of sovereignty ) . 
  and although morocco claims these territories , they 're not colonies in any sense . 
  lo \u00fanico que he encontrado sobre francia en regiones es esto : http://www.eupedia.com/images/content/france_races.jpg y dice lo siguiente : '' the mediterranean coast of france was settled very early by the greeks , who founded such cities as nice , marseilles or montpellier . 
  this was also the first region of france to come under roman domination , and to be heavily settled by roman people . 
  consequently , most of the people from the languedoc to the provence are closer to central italians and greeks than to central and northern french people '' . 
  you know , the former socialist government ( psoe ) should have apologized to the city of ourense because the fascist killed the mayor of ourense , who was also a socialist ( psoe ) . 
  or even better : the actual psoe should apologize to the psoe of the past for what the fascists did . 
  porque en tus primeros mensajes dec\u00edas : '' we the catalans come from over the pyrenees , from the languedoc ... '' , y eso es falso . 
  they 're not milles away . 
  as you can see , french people and spanish people are pretty close . 
  but that happened centuries later , after the arrive of the iberians and celts . 
  the original people of catalonia , valencia , murcia and yes , m\u00e1laga , were iberians ; celts and celtibers were in the west and in the center of the pen\u00ednsula . 
  studies are saying that the genetic substratum is pretty much the same , with slight variations ( basques ) , though . 
  '' borders are political creations , not human barriers '' . 
  that 's naive . 
  the political borders determine the migrational flux over the years , therefore the influence of other ethnic groups . 
  we 've shared the same borders or political structures for centuries , that 's why we 're the same people . 
  if it 's a matter of belief , maybe i 'll turn german tomorrow if i pray enough . 
  so if it does n't fit your perjudice , then '' it 's bullshit '' or '' troll '' . 
  i see how it works . 
  good to know , though . 
  and yes , you 're supposed to believe what facts and history show . 
  that 's how you avoid prejudice . 
  what if the people from languedoc are , surprisingly enough , more related to the people from the franche-compt\u00e9 than to the people of catalonia ? 
  have you thought remotely about that as an outcome ? 
  '' so i 'm supposed to belive that just for crossing a border people are that genetically different ? '', 
  well , that 's basically what you 're saying about spain and catalonia . 
  then you 're saying something false : http://imgur.com/d6qsg8h people from catalonia are identical to other people from spain . 
  the basques are the only '' different '' here . 
  '' we the catalans '' ? 
  as far as i know , i 'm talking with you , not the catalan people ; unless you represent them all . 
  did you even know that the whole area of the ebro valley and the mediterranean coast were huge arabic settlements for 400-500 years ? 
  here , a map of the iberian peninsula , year 1035 : http://imgur.com/twhljpx tortosa , in tarragona , was reconquered in 1148 , for example . 
  so yes , you have prejudices because : 1 . 
  what you 're saying contradicts the history as we know it . 
  in fact , the andalus\u00ed armies were heavily placed in catalonia and aragon . 
  you 're using , based on the latest fallacy , a racist speech against the rest os spaniards and portuguese in order to differentiate a supposedly '' ra\u00e7a catalana '' . 
  it 's nothing new , honestly : pompeu gener , a known catalan racist , was saying the same 100 years ago . 
  '' espa\u00f1a est\u00e1 paralizada por la necrosis producida por la sangre de razas inferiores como la sem\u00edtica , la bereber y la mong\u00f3lica '' ( spain is paralyzed by the necrosis caused by the blood of inferior races as the semitic , berber and mongolica ) . 
  i think i do n't need to say how insignificant are this guy and his views for modern science . 
  i ca n't believe someone ( and probably young ) is still thinking like this in the 21st century . 
  it saddens me . 
  as far as i know our moors went to turkey , algeria and the south of france . 
  the conversos settled mainly in extremadura ( maybe some of them crossed the border to portugal eventually ? 
  ) , south castile and valencia . 
  it 's really hard to rebuild the whole thing . 
  indeed . 
  it 's a pleasure to have such a rich history . 
  shame on us for expelling them . 
  you should work on your racial prejuices more ; the people from andalusia do n't have a '' heavy arabic influence '' : http://imgur.com/hyqd2ox and people from basque country and navarra is more similar to people from southern france . 
  edit : just look where catalonia is here : http://imgur.com/d6qsg8h a different race , surely . 
  ( a bot deleted the original post , i hope it to work with imgur pictures . 
  i 'm such a noob ) . 
  but then how do you explain that portugal has more presence of the j haplogroup ( middle east , probably semitic ) and the e-type haplogroup ( north-west africa ) ? 
  i do n't know if portugal expelled them too or if the spanish sefarditas went there . 
  i 've found these maps from the same study : presence of j1 haplogroup ( semitic , arabian peninsula , mesopotamia and north africa ) : http://imgur.com/nnd4ox1 presence of j2 haplogroup ( greece , phoenicia and assyria ) : http://imgur.com/4cg0e5d presence of haplogroup e1b ( egypt , tunisia and lybia ) : http://imgur.com/90n7nlc look at galicia here . 
  or nothern france . 
  i do n't know why , though . 
  a more detailed map of the whole iberian peninsula : http://imgur.com/hyqd2ox it 's more messy than i thought , tbh . 
  so basically the celtiberians were conquered by every other people from europe , but they did n't mingle that much . 
  what explains the difference between portugal and spain ? 
  i always thought we were pretty much the same people . 
  bring up a mistaken/questionable analysis to deny a current analysis on other subject . 
  it 's a fallacy . 
  you can do the same thing with nearly every economist , tbh . 
  yeah , he voted yes-yes , in his own words , '' to protest and to defend federalism , as an act of disobedience against the anti-democratic politics of the partido popular '' . 
  ( what he said in spanish : '' vot\u00e9 s\u00ed-s\u00ed para protestar y defender el federalismo , como acto de rebeld\u00eda contra la actitud antidemocr\u00e1tica y agresiva del pp '' ) . 
  [ 2 ] and no , what icv says is that they will not block independence if that is what the catalan people want . 
  however , they advocate , according to their latest program , '' for a constitutional process that will leade into a '' free and sovereign '' state of catalonia within a plurinational spain '' . 
  i want this too . 
  it 's called federalism . 
  [ 1 ] http://www.larazon.es/elecciones-catalanas/lluis-rabell-veo-posible-una-alianza-con-cualquier-fuerza-de-izquierda-ij10803830#.ttt1mu8zno9sm3q [ 2 ] -- edit : source [ 2 ] comes from ada colau 's facebook , and apparently i ca n't post it here , not sure why . 
  edit 2 : it seems like a bot deleted the original post , so i 'll post it again . 
  no , what they 've said is that they want a constitutional process , being a catalan state within a plurinational spain their bet . 
  they would n't oppose independence if the process leads to that , though . 
  that 's not the same .
