that we are all gypsies and thiefs . 
  most of us are not gypsies and it 's important to understand that it might be a or there ... 
  they want it because in a federation everyone playes by the same rules so nobody is really in a position to compete with them . 
  if it dose n't really matter for companies were in europe they operate ( same taxes , same wages , same regulation etc. ), 
  they would deffinitly prefer to stay in countries like germany and attract aditional work force there . 
  it would be impossible for poor countries to close the gap and they would end up as areas dependent on the generosity of central gouvernement ... 
  i know they are annoying and cause problems but i 'll tell you something that might help you sleep a little better tonight : you do n't have to worry they will blow themselfs or attack you with assault rifles . 
  to live on the streets with your children is something they did for hundreds of years . 
  even after they build `` impressive '' houses they tend to live in a small annex to the house . 
  nice pice of propaganda . 
  i would not trust russian stories even if i sow them with my own eyes , 
  in romania there were some problems because there were rumors among gypsies that fake ambulances take their kids and harvest organs ... 
  if it was n't for the language barrier i think it could have been a great ideea . 
  as nations we could complement each other in a good way . 
  it 's 100 % true . 
  also even if it is an expensive brand and the product is the same you can almost always find small defects as probably they use the products that are rejected in western countries . 
  you can see this mainly in designer clothes which have the same price or even higher but if you look very carefully most of the time there is at least some minor defect . 
  a little support for the german minority president from dw ? 
  i can hardly call this article relevant ... 
  i think romania will still pursue this goal but not for economical reasons . 
  the main goal of ue should be security and peace on the continent . 
  are n't money a small price for achieving this ? 
  people are becoming selfish but they should think about ww2 ... 
  as a matter of fact it was a huge surprise as the collected vat was higher than the previous month !, 
  better collection and also an increase in consumtion . 
  the eu is again wrong as they tend to treat all the situations with the same set of solutions . 
  for a country that has a debt to gdp of 40 % and a huge gap to cover to catch up with western countries an old , conservative style of policy i think is not a solution . 
  so you are saying that right after russia took this teritories from romania the logical think to do was to just give them up and to be allies with them ?!!, 
  you greeks have some fetish about the russians but you should know that for many countries they were far worst than the nazis ... 
  i just said that we know how it is not to have friends so there is no need to give arguments about my country . 
  still , during the ww2 you fought for yourself and your country so i do n't thing that counts toword helping others.i think in ww2 the only country that really helped others was usa . 
  uk and france did almost nothing while hitler and stalin had fun dividing countries and annexed teritories . 
  before joining germany in ww2 a big part of romania was annexed by russia while rest of europe ( including greece ) just watched . 
  lol . 
  when you took the loans from the new world order why did n't you revolt ? 
  you already sold your soul and now you are upset ... 
  i come from a poor country and i know how it is when no other country gives a damn about you . 
  and this is you case now . 
  and why should anybody care ? 
  are there any countries you ever helped or you can call friends ? 
  nice view of a mass suicide, 
  really ? 
  where do you get this ideea ? 
  the new generations `` know '' ... pfff ... get real ... you know nothing john snow ... 
  hmmm ... there was a case , i think in uk , were the girl of some gypsis was taken by the authorities . 
  she was blond and they assumed it was abducted and conections were made bh the media with lots of missing children cases . 
  in the end it turned out it was really their natural daughter . 
  i would advise you not to buy the part where the article says that the parents did not know/were scared to tell authorities . 
  the authorities in romania take quite serious matters of this kind . 
  it 's the same with many of the prostitues that say they did n't know why they were taken to another country . 
  i belive that for 90 % of them it was quite clear what `` going to work '' really meant ... 
  it is the same outside the euro zone . 
  commercial banks deposit their money at a central bank ... 
  not only that but already i had the surprise that my bank did not allowed me to make a about 5000 eur bank payment from my personal account without documents that show the nature of the transaction !, 
  at the end of the day unused money from banks are deposited at the central bank . 
  if the central bank pays negative interest than the bank can not give you zero . 
  europe is no joke !!, 
  maybe they are not because the river danube acts as natural barrier . 
  i think it has to do with the wild life and how really `` wild '' it still is in parts of europe . 
  at leas we were n't fat ... now to be true i did n't see any malnourished people on the city streets or in the countryside ( been there a while ) but indeed there were huge problems in orphanages . 
  so she was a minor . 
  a child molester refers usually to under 14 years old . 
  from what i remembered the girl did not support in any way the prosecutors claims , it was her parents that made a complaint but , attention , after the situation was presented to them by the authorities . 
  the maturity of a girl even if a minor is important to determin if she is aware or not of what is happening . 
  the same idea is used to determine if a minor can or can not be convincted for a crime ... 
  it 's not comfortable defending bivolaru ( i am almost sure he is quilty of many things ) but my point is that the authorities might have abused the system in order to see him behind bars . 
  so you are telling that gdp per capita is higher in bucharest than in berlin ? 
  ok . `` child molester '' of a i think 17 year old girl , that on tv looked and acted quite mature for it 's age . 
  i 've seen a lot of comments about beeing a pedophile and things like that which are quite exagerated . 
  the truth is they could not convict him of the real crimes he was doing ( they were operating as a cult ) so they used this sexual activities . 
  sweden has granted him political asylum and even if it looks like a fucked up decision i dont ' t think that their decision was taken without some reaserch on their behalf . 
  we will see if france will extradate him ... 
  it 's not the same all over europe . 
  if you get an employment increse of 5 % in an area that has 20 % unemployment the situation is still worse than a 1 % increse in a 10 % area . 
  do n't give them more ideas !, 
  the hipster phase i would say ... mostly young people with `` strong '' opinions . 
  you right now : http://www.timesnewroman.ro/files/attach/images/127/480409/salutul-frantuzesc.jpg, 
  hmmm ... kind of strange the way you forget some things . 
  the elections took place and iliescu won by a landslide . 
  most of the population at that time supported iliescu ( maybe they were manipulated but that was the case at that time ) . 
  in my opinion a classic scenario was started , one that we have seen recently in many coutries ( like ukraine ) were pressure was put from the street with support from western countries . 
  it was expected that iliescu would call the army/armed police and bang ... a new revolution or civil war . 
  but by calling the miners it looked like it was just a fight beetwen different clases of people and the west could not have a full force to blame the authorities . 
  now it 's time to punish the only person that was able to escape a `` orange revolution '' scenario . 
  but maybe he deserves it , for those events and other sins ... 
  i know , but better go and explain it 's 2015 to our new friends from syria and iraq . 
  or you can try to someone closer , the ukrainians who until recently also thougt it is 2015 and found out that it 's more likely 1930 's ... 
  i do n't need fantasy battles when we have real ones https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vaslui, 
  they will be the least of your problem in a few years . 
  your politically correct attitude and the fact that you grown soft over a long period of relative peace and prosperity will bring your downfall . 
  well if you do n't trust `` statistics '' you can take a walk in brussels ... it is obvious the city is lost . 
  it 's funny how you demand a `` serios '' thread in the given situation . 
  it 's hard to make analysis on situations that all you `` serious '' persons said were impossible . 
  maybe a `` do n't be fu ... ing stupid '' message would have gotten to the us and british target public better than all the polliticaly correctness . 
  and i am being serious now ... 
  so it could have been awarded to hitler for example but it would n't mean much ? 
  i am not contradicting you , i am just saying that sometimes there are some political decision that have nothing to do with real quality of the person . 
  just saying ... 
  just like in this case ? 
  lol ... so you are telling me that the most prestigious order in sweeden is given to `` a lot of people '' and dose n't mean much but the one two levels behind is more prestigious ?
