  you should , in most cases , use the title on the page you are linking to . 
  however , in the case of youtube , you may have to be inventive and attempt to create an nonpartisan and neutral title if the one the youtube video uses is clearly partisan and bias . 
   2.1 info-graphics , images , selfs posts and other similar content which makes ( an ) assertion ( s ) but lacks ( a ) source ( s ) will be removed . 
  the original submitter [ op ] should post the source ( if it is not cited in the submission itself ) as soon as possible . 
  if the op receives a message from a moderator stating that their post has been delisted [ removed ] due to lack of source , they may still provide the source and the the submission will be relisted [ unremoved ] . 
  but moderators frequently require hours to respond to such messages . 
  hi bud there are 2 types of post , self post ( text ) and link posts . 
  all tho it seems like you should be able to do both at the same time you can not . 
  happy posting !, 
  thats a good idea !, 
  also can you translate them into english , 
  i have been working on a way , to implement this nicely with comment tabs i have some working css but its not done just yet . 
  editorialized title, 
  the data in this document is different from the map above are you sure this is the correct data ? 
  this is true i 'm effectively the top mod at the moment and i get over ruled all the time . 
  56 on new, 
  yes, 
  thanks mate they seem fine took me a bit to translate them, 
  1 wikipedia is not a source 2 its not that it is a secret 3 image posts that make an assumption need a source, 
  hi mate source/s plz, 
  sorted thanks, 
  editorialized, 
  fun info , about sunderland , the most expensive pub is a wetherspoons . 
  the football club ca n't attract top players because sunderland is a dump . 
  when i lived in sunderland my house got demolished with all my stuff inside . 
  editorializing, 
  i looked in the mod log and no removals i can see . 
  this post has not been removed nor has this [ one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/353xdb/muslim_march_against_islamophobia_a_great_watch/ ) and i ca n't fined any more of them so i think you are talking out your ass . 
  source plz, 
  and the tldr is some guys be `` u wot m8 '' and others be like `` ok then '' . 
  all though its not a serious bizness post , the post was removed because the title is n't the title of the artical that or it is and my eyes are bleeding too much of from the mobile version of this site and i funked it . 
  2.1 info-graphics , images , selfs posts and other similar content which makes ( an ) assertion ( s ) but lacks ( a ) source ( s ) will be removed . 
  linking to an entire website is not a source , so i have removed this . 
  the map was never sourced . 
  it seems to be ad music by a guy calls tomer biran, 
   maybe we should start a talk show !, 
  any volunteers ? 
  i love this idea , im defo game, 
  source, 
  hi , can you provide sawce ? 
  hi this post was removed for gaming reddit . 
  hi mate , can you link me the this report i cant seem to find it . 
  hi title is a miss quote , so i have removed this post . 
  to be fair , i have dictatorial tendencies . 
  can i come too . . 
   2.3 editorialising is not acceptable . 
  editorialising is simply the act of inserting an opinion into a ( submission ) title . 
  id vote for the snp . 
  source, 
   is denying armenian genocide allowed in comments ? 
  lost the color in the rain :(, 
  yes , im a bad . 
  hi , title mate  why america needs a major war in europe, 
  its always best to source it . 
  i know it 's bad but cartoons are sort of best judgement , but as a guide it needs to fit into the rules and be high quality and topical . 
  yes , any mod can and will bring up any other mod action . 
  for [ example ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2yoxr8/varoufakis_has_gone_and_annoyed_an_awful_lot_of/cpbunub?context=3 ), 
  oddly yes , we have done a good job at removing them . 
  someone re reported this , saying that there exact same post was removed yesterday, 
  naurgul did you just report your own post ? 
  sorry my mistake, 
  editorializing, 
  i delisted all the border related posts as they covered the new page, 
  editorializing, 
  5 all named dave , and one neamed fred . 
  everyone speaks english . 
  i was shocked and amazed that the agnostics did n't know what religion to pic . 
  that 's because i did n't do it , lets just say i 'm bad with words and leave it at that . 
  but if you ever need a guy to shout nonsense at something , well that 's where i shine . 
  atheism is not an option , it 's just no-religion , so unless agnostic is a religion now and i 'm sure it is n't pick no-religion or whatever you associate as . 
  atheism is not an option , it 's just no-religion , so unless agnostic is a religion now and i 'm sure it is n't pick no-religion or whatever you associate as . 
  we will run it over the week . 
  same deal as last time free pizza to the winner !, 
  just get all the questions right . 
  it 's funny because i 'm still bad at political stuff . 
  whoop . 
  that 's one less thing for me to mess up , still think we should do it at the weekend , it 's the subreddits most popular time . 
  no problem it will be this weekend . 
  it 's true , banned one today . 
  we mods do the best job we can , and we are listening . 
  it 's around half that at 5k ish uniques and and about 50 new subscriptions a day , we are growing nicely . 
  do n't be daft we have n't anywhere near the amount of `` zeds '' required . 
  i do n't want scotland to leave the uk without them i 'm positive we would have a perpetual conservative government , an that just does n't sit well with me . 
  you forgot tasty , they 're very tasty . 
  this is your only warning there is taking the mickey and there is being an ass , you are currently being an ass if this continues you will no longer be allowed to participate in the community . 
  we 're terrible at our own language , in all honesty were not that good at most things . 
  i have no clue , should probably remove it but the hive mind is about . 
  the same place all spam goes , away . 
  needs to be more harsh . 
  sorry , but can you remove them amazon links please let me know when it 's done and i will approve the post . 
  this is a `` hot topic '' with a lot of differing views , reddit is not a voting competition so do n't vote on just the things you agree on and let others have their say . 
  to recap : one word answers like `` yes or no '' are not good answers feel free to down-vote , well thought out arguments are good so up-vote them . 
  ** and for the last time the report button is not a master down-vote . 
  thanks for the list ; i know that i should know more about political theory or be able to give them names , especially with the topics of this subreddit for that i apologies and i will rectify that issue . 
  we will do another survey soon hopefully next time with real pizza and better questions . 
  i keep getting told this , but no one gave me a better list . 
  i mixed them , but did n't delete the rows . 
   pity they went with ` sex ' rather than ` gender ' though . 
  i 'm sorry that mixed that all up . 
  fixed that thanks .
