  even then , you 're tied to an employer and if they let you go you have ten days to find a new sponsor or out you go . 
  i would n't recommend . 
  the turkish lads probably heard about us irish refusing to pay for water and going nuts when charged for it so decided to take preemptive action on the chap . 
   since when do refugees get to pick and choose which country is going to take them in ? 
  that 's not racism talking . 
  that 's a very real and frustrating question . 
  since eu countries will overlook the fact that they travelled through numerous safe countries and probably paid a trafficker to get them here . 
  stay in a refugee camp or pay a trafficker to take you to europe . 
  if you have the cash , it is an easy choice to make . 
   it 's illegal for people to enter any country undocumented , that does n't mean they disrespect the law as the nun said to the priest , come again ? 
  babi\u0161 is no idiot and he is arguably the most powerful politician in czech republic . 
   that will make a wrong picture of the majority in czech . 
  do they disagree with him ? 
  anyway , very few people judge citizens of a particular country on what their politicians say and do . 
  at least i hope not . 
  'cause then i 'd be fucked . 
   i used to love italy very much and have a lot of respect for italian people but i got to say its your own fault italy and you have to pay for it . 
  following international law and the treaties that the italians are signatories of , what exactly do you suggest that they do differently ? 
  they are between a rock and a hard place here due to their geographical location . 
  to suggest that the current situation is their own fault is extremely unfair . 
   are you serious ? 
  are you ? 
  they have paid thousands of dollars to get here yet you seem to think that is beyond the realms of possibility that they also spent a few hundred on nice clothing . 
  just have a look at some of the videos of them disembarking the boats . 
  some of them are very well dressed . 
   yes but it does mean you are n't wealthy , or you would 've just stayed in turkey where you would be pretty well-off and could eventually legally go to a western european country if you so desired . 
  these people pay human traffickers thousands of dollars to get them to europe . 
  desperately poor people simply could n't afford to make the trip . 
  some native americans estimate that there are up to 315 million illegals in the us . 
  why the hell are they fighting one another ? 
  is n't this the sort of crap that they are meant to be fleeing from ? 
  how are we meant to know why the girls in your class think that american boys are rude ? 
   i 'm getting my european news almost exclusively from this subreddit . 
  this is your first mistake . 
   well the police is not always there to protect you at the time you 're a victim of a crime , so if you deliberately provoke people and get hit , i find it a little hypocritical to call the media to cry about it . 
  that 's what kids do to see the other kid they hate get punished . 
  that 's just using the police . 
  that woman is complaining that the government is not doing anything , but at the same time she does n't seem to trying to avoid this situation , while she just rambles about politics . 
  how can she avoid it ? 
  the jungle is literally at the back of her elderly mothers home !, 
   she sounds like a cunt . 
  i do n't know , but she might be provocative towards the immigrants , and that might be the reason for the break in , even though it 's not justified . 
  sounds like you 're trying to justify it !, 
   when i checked my bag , it was still there . 
  after we stayed a bit longer , i told my girlfriend that we should be going , and i realized that my bag was gone . 
  inside was my passport , 5000 euro and 1000 usd . 
  very sorry that you had this happen to you , but what were you thinking bringing that much money and your passport out with you ? 
  asking for trouble . 
  as for the cops not rushing over to the ` crime scene ' and watching the tapes , the reality is that if you do n't catch pickpockets in the act , or within 90 seconds , they are gone . 
  k\u00f6ln is a relatively big city of one million people . 
  shit like this is just part and parcel of big city life . 
  [ 49.8 % ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/social-europe-jobs/non-eu-citizens-twice-likely-be-unemployed-303834 ) of non eu migrants resident in sweden are unemployed . 
  doubt that they are pushing up prices but putting strain on social housing services . 
  i am not doubting you here , but could you provide a source ? 
  i remember watching the [ femme de la rue ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2012/aug/03/femme-de-la-rue-sexism-brussels-video ) documentary . 
  bit of a startling eye opener , that . 
  have things improved since ? 
  just have your car locked up and take the ferry in daylight if possible . 
  it is a very messy situation in calais right now . 
  the french shut down some of the smaller camps in the region and they have all converged on ` the jungle ' . 
  it has six thousand residents living there now and all of them extremely desperate to get to the uk . 
  it 's a mess , tbh . 
  but you should be grand if you take the necessary precautions . 
  i encountered a good few in a professional capacity a few years back . 
  have n't really encountered many recently . 
  the problem in europe is not genuine refugees . 
  it is the bullshitters using asylum as a mechanism to circumvent member states immigration law . 
  i have no time for these people or their absurd and obvious lies . 
  but once they claim asylum due process has to be followed , which , in my country is ; 1 apply for asylum to orac 2 appeal to rat 3 take jr if necessary no automatic right to appeal to sc if win go back to step 2 4 apply for subsidiary protection to orac 5 appeal to rat 6 take jr if necessary with right to appeal to sc if win go back to step 5 7 apply for leave to remain to minister 8 apply for jr if necessary of top of head not sure if automatic right to appeal hc to sc . 
  if win go back to step 7 . 
  if that fails , whack in a claim under one of your childrens names and around the merry-go - ' round we go again . 
  this is an extremely lengthy process and very few that enter it will ever be repatriated . 
  genuine cases are usually waiting circa three to six months to be awarded refugee status , subsidiary protection or humanitarian leave to remain . 
  although in the mid to late noughties i have seen genuine cases wait two years to be awarded status due to the system being clogged . 
  very unfair , that . 
  these arseholes turn public opinion against genuine refugees , clog up the system and use up funding that they do not deserve and which was allocated for the genuine . 
  the germans were n't saying that in 2004 . 
  upon the accession of the new eu 10 only sweden , ireland and the uk completely opened their borders to the new eu citizens . 
  germany kept restrictions in place until may 2011 . 
  but eaten bread is soon forgotten . 
  absolutely . 
  think of the inflammatory treatment the hungarians received by the international media . 
  you would get that tenfold . 
   for which , of course , a guy that studied in a country with far lower requirements and probably ptsd or other mental problems is perfect . 
  the media keep parroting that a lot of these migrants are highly skilled . 
  i do n't think that this is true . 
   the qualification structure of immigrants from the crisis-afflicted states of syria , iraq , nigeria and afghanistan is probably poor . 
  according to data from the world bank , the illiteracy rate even among the 14-24 year old age group is 4 percent , 18 percent , 34 percent and 53 percent in these countries respectively . 
  even in the most developed of these countries ( syria ) only 6 percent of the population has a university degree , which is not equivalent to a german diploma in many cases . 
  although refugees tend to be male and younger than the demographic average age , one thing is still clear : they are poorly prepared for the german labour market . 
  in addition to language courses , germany will also need to invest in training , which will generate extra costs . 
  poor guy . 
  you are not exactly giving us a lot of information to work with here . 
  care to expand a bit ? 
   someone will have to take action or else an uprising will occur . 
  they mostly come here as their own nations are in the shit because of war or conflict . 
  why would they come here , see that things are different - and mostly for the better - and start an uprising ? 
   deportation without a chance to re-apply for asylum ? 
  their asylum claim must be processed first . 
  if they gain refugee status , subsidiary protection or humanitarian leave to remain then you can not deport them regardless of what crimes they commit .
