a few of the other houses would have smaller towers out their back . 
  that house is about 50 meters from the main tower . 
  do n't know if let would be the word i would use but it was n't as boarded up until about ten years ago or so . 
  the old round tower . 
  i used to live in the area and my next door neighbour had a [ small tower ] ( http://imgur.com/oiwc6wm ) in their back garden . 
  it was over 1k years old . 
  made a decent treehouse !, 
  are you from clondalkin , op ? 
  the migrant crisis is nowhere near over . 
  it has been going on for quite some time now , just that the recent events have exasperated the situation . 
  the un and italian authorities estimate that there are up to one million waiting to cross just from libya alone . 
   in any hotly-debated issue , avoid the side which needs to censor content to remain credulous . 
  guess whose side that is right now . 
  in his state of the union address , juncker was comparing european/irish historical emigration to a vastly uninhabited new world continent sized country , with the resources to boot , with modern day immigration into europe and into a tiny island off of the atlantic , that is suffering high unemployment , a social housing crisis and where essential services are being cut to ribbons . 
  it 's an absurd comparison to try and make . 
  that the president of the european commission is making such silly arguments for this current migration crisis , shows us who is credulous and who is downright desperate at present . 
  that is the type of argument i expect to hear in my local bar . 
  not from the president of the european commission when he is issuing a rallying call . 
  they will have no problem funding mosques and schools for the migrants to europe though . 
  very kind souls . 
   there are rules for that the germans have long since thrown the rule book completely out the window . 
  you are just making it up as you go along at this stage . 
   especially eastern europe disappoints . 
  why should they open up their borders at your whim , when you imposed restrictions on them from accession until may 2011 ? 
  where was the germans ` eu solidarity ' when they imposed restrictions on the new eu citizens upon accession until may 2011 ? 
  now they are threatening them for not taking enough people in . 
  you could n't make this stuff up . 
  what happens if germany is not the utopia that they are expecting ? 
   i ca n't imagine how `` redistribution quotas '' could possibly work . 
  they wo n't . 
  they want to go to the big cities of western and northern europe . 
  not the newer accession states and the more rural areas . 
   syrian refugee says she does not want to go to romania because it is too cold . 
  `` i come from a warm country , how could i adjust in romania ? 
  i want to settle down in a country with a warm climate '' . 
  the woman is upset because all of europe is interested in taking her picture but nobody is actually helping with anything of substance . 
  they are in for a very big shock this winter so . 
  get them involved in some winter sports and they will learn to love the cold and snow . 
   in fact , that part of history is such a part of the collective memory that many germans know almost nothing about the first world war . 
  but does n't ww1 link up heavily with the causes of ww2 ? 
  odd and quite sad that they do n't learn much about it in school . 
   what a load of old bollocks ok .  97 % of the population is ethnically irish , as of the last census . 
  citation needed . 
  it says no such thing . 
  for your [ perusal ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/census/census2011reports/census2011thisisirelandpart1/ ) . 
  i have no clue how many chinese people are in ireland but discrepancies of 350 % between official state bodies does not lead me to believe the irish government have much of a clue either . 
  comparing refugees from the famine who fled to new world countries is not in anyway comparable to the modern realities of immigration into europe today . 
   the article talks about the chinese being the biggest population group by 2050 . 
  there are officially [ 17,832 ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/british-overtaken-as-polish-population-doubles-26837812.html ) people of chinese ethnicity resident in ireland according to the census of 2011 . 
  the hse puts the figure at [ 60,000 ] ( http://www.hse.ie/eng/services/publications/socialinclusion/interculturalguide/chinese/profile.html ) . 
  some serious discrepancies there . 
  from two official state bodies !, 
  i would like to see where the good professor got his figures from too . 
  they got a better deal than at home but they were let in to supply cannon fodder and cheap labour . 
  not out of any humanitarian reasons . 
  should ireland accept more refugees ? 
  yes . 
  should that be based on other countries taking in irish people fleeing the famine ? 
  no , but on how many we can actually provide for . 
  a german woman living in dublin was on irish radio today and she claimed that they were doing it of guilt , that elder germans resonate with refugees and this passed down to their children and due to them wanting to be seen to be doing something good on a global stage . 
  i am not german or have not been there in a while so do n't know how true that is but found her words interesting . 
   look at it proportionally . 
  huge america got huge amounts of immigrants . 
  tiny ireland did not , does not , and will not . 
  ireland has a larger immigrant population , per capita , than the us . 
  you were wrong saying we are not native . 
  we absolutely are as the majority of us are direct descendants of the first people who inhabited this rock . 
  i do not know why you pro immigration people do this . 
  telling europeans that they are not native or that they are immigrants too , is largely untrue and just gets peoples backs up . 
  i am not indian , so i would never dare tell an indian that he is not native to his country . 
   yea , remember when other countries took in irish refugees due to a crisis ? 
  are you comparing historical immigration to vastly uninhabited new world sized continent countries , with an abundance of natural resources , with immigration into a tiny bankrupt rock off of the atlantic , that is suffering high unemployment , a housing crisis and where essential services are being slashed ? 
  because that would be a crazy comparison to try and make . 
  culture is more important than ethnicity . 
  call this mad , but i have no wish to become a minority in my own fucking country ,  the irish are not `` native '' to ireland if you consider native to mean the first inhabitants . 
  we are direct descendants of the first people of these islands . 
  how has decriminalising illegal immigration worked out for italy ? 
   you get to either choose to be in and share the costs and benefits fully , or you can choose to stay out and not have to share the costs but also not be entitled to any of the benefits . 
  ireland has waived its right to opt out of taking quota migrants , was one of the first member states to send naval vessels to aid with the situation in the med and will start resettling syrian and eritrean refugees in two weeks . 
  they are currently being processed by the un and italian authorities . 
  germany closed their borders to new accession state nationals in 2004 and implemented a work permit scheme for them until the summer of 2011 . 
  meanwhile , ireland , the uk and sweden afforded the new eu citizens complete access to our labour markets . 
  but eaten bread is soon forgotten and now the germans are calling for eu solidarity . 
  damn . 
  that was a depressing read . 
  poor girls quality of life is going to drop rapidly now she is about to be housed in an institution . 
  but i do n't think sweden 's constitution allows ministers intervene in specific cases . 
  upon eu enlargement in 2004 , only sweden , the uk and ireland completely opened up their labour markets to the new eu citizens . 
  unprecedented numbers came . 
  britains towns and cities changed drastically in just a decade . 
  they are still trying to come to terms and deal with this . 
  in germany , the new eu citizens required a work permit to live and work in germany up until may 2011 . 
  since then , germanys economy has boomed and they need migrant labour . 
  that was n't the case in 2004 when only three of the 15 member states opened up their borders . 
  but eaten bread is soon forgotten . 
  now the germans are calling for ` eu solidarity ' . 
   if you can get sponsored for an h1-b it is capped at 65k visas issued per annum . 
  it is extremely hard to get and the process is utterly soul destroying . 
  an awful lot of paperwork to file , a medical exam , background checks and then an interview in the embassy where you are patted down by us armed officers in your own fucking country . 
  takes about six months in total from start to finish .
