if you were truly patriotic you 'd never post again, 
  who knows how smart their decisions will turn out to be in the long term , but i think the greek people have been very brave today . 
  the great democracy of ancient times goes first and the great parliamentary democracy of moderns times follows shortly after , that 's a very appealing spin to those who resent the actions and ambitions of eu bureaucracy . 
  he was too good for the conservative party and he 's too good for ukip . 
  montpellier for location , civic buildings and viaducts . 
  berlin because it feels like a european washington only with many of its poorer parts actually having been regenerated . 
  it 's all flat and bowl like , so cosier and easier to get around than sprawling cities of similar historic weight . 
  cameron wants more ez integration , for the economy and also to make his middling reforms look impressive . 
  in other words , because his ability and will to bring about less eu is limited , the ez bringing about more eu is key in making the uk seem more independent in comparison with other big european economies . 
  saudi arabia influence is n't great either , but they are more insular . 
  not only does china have a greater share of rare earth metals ( +96 % ) than the saudis have oil they also the have the military , economic ambitions and geography needed to set more rules that the rest of the world will be forced to follow . 
  unfortunately solar has the greatest potential . 
  wind also has significant rare earth content in the magnetics they use . 
  i 'm not sure about the other types , but this article looks like quite a well sourced if negatively biased overview of other renewable downsides : http://thebulletin.org/myth-renewable-energy, 
  these sorts of jokes belie a serious issue . 
  although the sources of energy are renewable the technologies we use to harness them are made from limited and highly in demand materials that require extremely intensive forms of extraction . 
  mining for rare earth metals or processing brine for lithium my cause unsustainable damage to the environment and china 's dominance over these resources will increase its influence in every aspect of our lives , perhaps to an intolerable degree . 
  a little , but not much satisfaction about more liberal trade . 
  i struggle to detect the slightest enthusiasm for the eu 's social and environmental chapters however . 
  20-25 % of lib dem voters and gaurdian readers or 20-25 % of the general public ? 
  bare in mind that the europhile stance where it exists on this side of the channel is more defined by a rejection of the extremes of british euroscepticism rather than a positive will to federalise . 
  very fairminded , but i think it 's about time the electorate got their share of the bile reserved for politicians , because in recent years of scandal the general public has taken on the role of the righteous wronged that politics must meekly supplicate . 
  i think the rottenness of the political , media and financial classes is quite an accurate reflection of the general public a lot of the time , but that 's a whole other set of strong opinions . 
  perhaps , but complacency implies a degree of satisfaction which is n't present . 
  my contender mirrors the construction of `` euroskeptic '' and contrasts this active minority with the inactive and apathetic majority we 're starting this campaign with . 
  by its finish i think your term will be more appropriate as people will have chosen to opt in to the conclusion of the debate and mainly side with the more persuasive narratives for staying in . 
  there is n't really a significant europhile segment of the general electorate shy or otherwise . 
  when the uk votes for continued membership it will be for reasons of domestic economic security and fears of losing out in foreign policy matters . 
  votes to remain will mostly be votes for the status quo rather than for more enthusiastic participation in the euro project , an odd position which will be secured for many years in the future by cameron 's renegotiations . 
  for this reason i propose that we refer to the majority of `` in '' voters as europathetics . 
  why is n't japan in the eu ? 
  fptp has distinct advantages * for the uk because it echoes the adversarial traditions in our law and press . 
  mp 's speeches in the house of commons are full of references to individual constituents and broader local issues because that 's the best way they have of holding onto their seat . 
  * effective majority governments * an almost as strong opposition * forces change on parties or kills them off entirely * the opportunity to exclude hated or extremist political parties from government with relative ease * in many cases outstanding constituency mps can represent local areas for decades , while bad local mps are easier to kick out of government even if they 're important party people . 
  our big problem is voter apathy which feeds into a vicious cycle of increasingly underwhelming parties . 
  pr wo n't entirely fix these problems , while adding unique problems of its own . 
  the british solution is to tinker and tweak with what we already have and there 's clear indication in the history of our democracy and the current enthusiasm for alternative parties that the dominant political class are under immense pressure and will be forced to make way for a renewal in the form of newly reformed parties . 
  i would suggest the peak district in north west england and the wye valley in whales . 
  the peaks go from wild hills to sweeping moorlands , fine walking country and a major influence on english literature , an added bonus is the historic and vibrant near by city of manchester which is a more humane and compact cultural hub than london and nearly as important . 
  wye is one of the best rivers for walking or canoeing , straddling the welsh border there are lots of ancient castles , quirky architectural follies and thriving medieval market towns to explore . 
  wherever you go in the uk i recommend walking as much as possible to get the best sense of how the famous cities and different regional cultures fit together as one country . 
  which ones/where did you hear that ? 
  are you batshit insane or just a shitty troll ? 
  either way stay mad m8 . 
  opposed in spirit , but in practise and policy i can barely tell them apart . 
  the eu is dirtied in my eyes because it has failed to energize the public 's political interests , because europe weakly fumbles in trade talks with china and the us , vacillating between stubborn idealism and callous stupidity in foreign policy , because it is dully bureaucratic , incompetent with economies and craven in the face of democratic opposition . 
  all i see in gradual developments is more power and privilege concentrated in the hands of the kind of people who have fucked things up so far , the need for leadership and direction is so acute that the current system needs to be thoroughly rid of mediocrity and reorganised on far more effective lines , including i should add equally guilty national politics . 
  exactly what kind i do n't really know , but i think more subsidiary to local regions would be key , something radical enough to shake up our fossilized politicians and avert this somewhat glacial , but also sadly titanic decline of european peoples , that seems plainly obvious to the rest of the world . 
  i think the alternative is getting really worn out as america 's crustiest political cumsleeve or being turned into a theme park for chinese tourists . 
  i think our disagreement is something to do with what the eu should or could be in the future and what it currently is . 
  the realistic stance is to recognize that the eu and those elites are a single entity at this point in time , this is n't the eu 's fault so much as its purpose and we see same national interests behind every major decision . 
  separate the eu as a set of institutions from the principles it claims to represent and the viable future it promises and we have things of great value on one side and things which are basically an obstacle to that vision on the other , now you can take the gradualist view that it can build itself up to position to fulfil its lofty aims as it has overcome past problems , but i do n't think any structure of that ambition can survive on such squalid foundations and that total reform is needed , even if that might be an impossibility in a world of real politick . 
  that 's my point , the eu is those national elites with some elites mattering much more than others and the commission wielding far too much institutional power somewhere between them . 
  national elites are happy to hand over useless power to the parliament , but they get more skittish about sharing executive clout with the commission , the debates around empowering the eu look to me like a back and forth between these two executive seats , the resistance to parliament reform is all about not losing ground in the executive power struggle and making good press back home . 
  let 's appeal to reason and facts one more time . 
  the uk has never opposed closer union of other eurozone states on principle , but it also needed recognition that it and other nations that reside outside of that core group deserve a fair economic and political hearing , the policy of successive governments has been to encourage and focus european integration on those who choose the euro , not those who signalled a wish and indeed a need in our case for greater autonomy ( attempting to join the euro nearly crashed the uk economy along with a tory gov in the 90s ) by retaining their own currency . 
  onto freedom of movement , you should be aware of the significant expat communities in places like spain and france from the slightly xenophobic media response in those countries , with working age brits added the community on the continent is nearing 2 million . 
  back home poles have become the third biggest minority group within a decade despite there being fewer historical and perhaps cultural links compared with previous large staggered inflows from commonwealth countries . 
  it 's now common to hear multiple european languages , eat fresh ethnic food and see the euro logo on public projects like new train stations in major cities . 
  i think we have given recent european arrivals a more welcoming reception than the irish or indians , but the scale of change they represent mean similar challenges to the sense of national wellbeing and the eu can easily be an obstacle rather than source of resolutions to those real concerns . 
  the british government is n't evil and general public are n't stupid or overwhelmingly intolerant , but there 's a nuanced national debate about how immigration should serve things like housing , education , welfare and tradition without stretching them . 
  given that the tradition arm of these issues is weakest , as opposed to france i think , public opinion will side with the economic good , but it remains to be seen if freedom of movement can be made to fit more comfortably in the frame of british social and political life , which matters for 60 million people and can prosper alongside the eu , if we really believe its founding principles . 
  i 'm not talking about exclusivity , but some sense of parity in how proposals are introduced and i 'm not alone in thinking that the eu operates on executive and bureaucratic lines with a lapdog parliament trailing far behind and the input of ordinary citizens bypassed like some kind of irrelevance . 
  yes i prefer elected leaders to the commission , but that 's the bare minimum for my democratic standards , we need to see parliament exert itself and a greater responsiveness to citizens lobbies or the growing cohort in each area will continue to be the eurosceptics . 
  is it consistent with democratic aspirations that the course of the eu is determined by either the commission or opportunistic bilateral agreements between national executives ? 
  you ca n't integrate europe from above while being decently democratic , further integration must be driven by parliament or pan-european citizen 's groups and so far the trends in both are to pull away from the direction pointed out by political elites . 
  parliament should be present at every possible stage of the process , to originate , manipulate or terminate laws . 
  this agreement is essentially bilateral and something which is to be accepted rather than enthused over by the other countries of europe , it wont need to pay much regard to the parliament at all just like how the eu constitution could ignore referenda . 
  typical fucking arrogance , everybody with a different viewpoint than you is a brainwashed zombie right ? 
  actually it was the ancestor to the eu which refused uk attempts to join multiple times , while successive conservative and labour governments lobbied for membership . 
  the leadership of both parties are pro the euro relationship and 60 % of the electorate voted to join it , but the intersects between the direction of the eu and local and national interests has presented a range of unique challenges which have made another referendum inevitable . 
  it 's simplistic and crass to reduce this perspective to ignorant hostility , the eu is supposed to be a discourse right ? 
  all i 'm seeing is top down reform where the perspectives of smaller countries do n't matter and the core agenda is set by germany and france , a system where it is seen as an act of bad faith to have public disagreements or to go against the prevailing ideology . 
  i prefer my legislators to propose and amend legislation rather than just affirm the interests of the regional powers and give their limited decision making process the appearance of multilateralism . 
  what a stupid thing to think , stop immediately . 
  as far as i can tell this decision is being made by the eurozone elite not the pan-euro plebiscite you imagine . 
  this is but a shade of democracy which ignores the increasingly strident calls for sovereignty over the cumbersome and smothering weight of a globalised political process which crushes national interests . 
  how democratic, 
  black and yellow or blue and white m8 !, 
  also hooray for the otherwise euroskeptic tory back bench who actually have the power to scupper it ? 
  the snp will just get in the way of the rebellion for their own partisan political gain . 
  italians are also more committed in a political sense and more involved economically through euro participation , the nature of the uk membership is less full and the fees should and nearly do reflect that . 
  it 's not the uk objecting to eurozone integration or the historic broadening of the single market , both the public and the elite want to see a strong well led europe , but there seems to be no interest in having more than a valued economic role in that political future . 
  the only forms of co-operation that are rejected by the uk are those which demand further political commitments from non-euro countries or which would damage it 's financial standing , this does n't stop other countries from going ahead with more co-operation or the uk gov moving towards more opt-ins in the future . 
  as far as the economic role goes the uk plays it well , but there is n't much evidence on either side of the channel for the kind of understanding that would make the political role as conceived in the eu viable , brexit will clarify that britain has given up on advancing the political union , it 's up to the rest of europe whether it moves away from or with the uk towards further federalization . 
  sorry man my skills at navigating web design from 90s are limited . 
  the issue here is probably one of methodology not sources and i 'm reluctant to trust something which looks like a personal political project over a professional organisation like the bbc . 
  it was really difficult finding them , but when i took the time to look through this guys tables for the year by year net contributions between 2013 and 2000 , i see it ahead of britain in contributions 4 times out of 14 . 
  his graph for all time net contributions also puts the uk ahead http://money-go-round.eu/year.aspx?year=0 . 
  so even if your figures are right they prove you wrong on balance . 
  this is n't a pissing contest about whose giving the most , because i really would n't want to hand germany another lightning victory . 
  i 've simply been trying to make the point that the view of an immature and un-cooperative britain is as lazy a stereotype as that of the feckless southern european or the robotic german . 
  i did n't say italians paid less in net contributions , but that they had a worse record at eu and national governance . 
  would it really be surprising that euro member pays more than a country with as many op-outs as the uk ? 
  the fact is that we 're paying more than we should just for access to a single market when there 's little domestic interest in subsidising the project of political integration . 
  actually even in your criticism of a point i was n't making you appear to be wrong again . 
  your figures relate to total payments , per person and as % of gdp not net contributions . 
  2 minutes on google yields this page from the bbc http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8036097.stm#start which separates these confusing percentages into separate graphs , the one for net contribution shows that the uk is the second largest contributor quite far behind germany , but giving well over double the contributions of italy , in monetary terms at least . 
  your page is dated 2008 , i 'm not sure how recently it was updated , but you need to get access to data which reflects the post crash realities and is n't from such a dodgy looking page mate . 
  it 's also the only major nation that gets it 's special interests routinely ignored .
