   how the fuck is that even the point of this discussion . 
  we 're discussing language and you ' r pulling in money ? 
  how ca n't you understand i 'm saying that you just could remember how the south has n't been a total jerk to you in the past as you are now with such laws ? 
  i think the francophones made amends and if you just ca n't excuse the past , then i 'm just so hoping you 'll be independant as soon as possible . 
  i was n't expecting she mandatorily would , i just asked if she did . 
  i do n't consider asking this to someone an insult in any way . 
  and as i said i did n't even speak in french i asked her in dutch , and continued with my snippets of dutch to try and get a piece of cake ( which was delicious ) without a single helping gesture from her . 
  this situation occuring in france , the woman would have at least pointed at cakes to ask if this is what the custommer wants ... 
   and france should return lille and dunkerque  and you should give us back our dukes ' corpses . 
   but the amount of hate , xenophobic behavior that comes french speaking part of belgium is at least equal . 
  * `` on r\u00e9colte ce que l'on s\u00e8me . 
  dang , french speaking people are really a bunch of uneducated assholes , amirite ? 
   another thing was the big `` walen buiten '' riot in 1960-1970 as to a response of the arrogance of the french part of the country which declined to be helped in dutch even if they were in a dutch city ( leuven was one of the biggest problems at the moment ) that led to the creation of the ugliest city ever built , thanks . 
  and also , do n't tell me that riotting against people and asking them to get the fuck out is really nice . 
   now that flanders is the big moneymaker there is less of initiative of the french part to come and work in flanders . 
  why would anyone go into a region where everybody hates him to live a life of insults and denigration ? 
   and against you , you are the reason why the flanders part does n't like french people oh , you 're true here , it 's not limited to walloons , french people are also really hated in flanders , see the next part . 
   when i travel to a french city , i try my best to speak french . 
  when someone from wallonia comes to a dutch city , they demand to be treated in french i often go to flanders , because as i said it earlier , i really love the region and architecture . 
  i also learnt a few dutch words ( netherlands dutch , sorry ) and i try to use them as much as i can . 
  and i 'm french , remember , i 'm not belgian , i did n't have dutch lesson in school and did n't have any other reason than the interest for the language to learn it . 
  it 's worthless . 
  you sip a word of french and the behaviour towards you changes completely . 
  no matter you 're a feggin ' tourist who comes to spend his french money or an established walloon or brusseler ennemy . 
  now , an example , that happened to me , in mechelen . 
  this is a very beautiful town but after a walk with some friends , i have a little hunger and see a bakery . 
  i go in , say a perfect `` goeden dag ! '', 
  and the woman is all smiles until i stupidly ask her `` spreekt u frans ? '' . 
  her face changed completely and i really had a hard time ordering something she was n't really eager to serve me . 
  i mean , is it even forbidden to ask ? 
  is it so hard to keep smiling and politely say `` nee , sorry , meneer '' ? 
  do i need to get a flag which says `` i 'm not an unemployed walloon , i 'm french '' to get a slight amount of respect ? 
  i have many stories like that because despite this kind of encountered people , i ca n't count how many times i went there and i still continue and will still go even if you finally get your independance . 
  ( well , if you build a wall from dunkerque to maastricht , i might reconsider ( no , i know it could happen , many other limits have been exceeded already ) ) . 
  yeah , speaking french comes with a package , it 's well known , stubborness in not learning other languages is the biggest part of it . 
  i am , and all the people with a little french flag next to their username on reddit are , the perfect example of our total incapability of speaking any other language than french . 
  what 's the real reason behind such numbers ? 
  flemish does n't lead you very far , sadly . 
  no offence , mate , it 's just that it 's not even exactly the same as dutch and even if you take flemish and dutchy dutch together it 's not the same weight as french in the world , not even as it is in europe . 
  i 'm not saying french is the most important language in the world , but i guess that a belgian french speaker will be more eager to learn english than dutch . 
  and if it 's great that flemish people can easily learn two more languages instead of only one more for french speakers , just remember that it 's way easier to learn english when you 're flemish , because admit it , english is way closer to dutch than it is to french . 
  yves leterme would be the first coming to my own mind ... and to answer your question , i guess the axe cutting of the limburg enclave in the li\u00e8ge province is a good example . 
  about 10 % of bruxelles-capitale speaks dutch and it 's still a bilingual region . 
  i menen case , do n't tell me it 's not just displaying bad faith and oppressing french speakers . 
  i used to love belgium , i really love flemish architecture , i love how its history is related to my native burgundy 's history , but man , this has gone too far in hateful measures and hidden attacks against brussellers , walloons , fransquillons and the french language in the end . 
  i just cant wait for the country to split , i just ca n't wait for flanders to be kicked out of europe , i just ca n't wait for flanders to be left alone and to finally understand what it does to its own `` country '' and citizens . 
  flanders was n't left aside when wallonia was the belgium 's money maker during the industrial revolution , and now that it 's time to pay back , it would just be fair to forbid just a few french to have a single person talking french in a town 's hall where almost half the population speaks it ? 
  a french guy knew how to deal with this whole situation , [ just watch ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soid1yizrde ) . 
  ( if you do n't mind watching a video in french , of course ), 
  it lacks * centuries * to achieve such a goal !!, 
  that 's what `` centuries '' are . 
  and that would be even stranger . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't like you , it 's just that recently , there was kind of a campaign to make people think that germany was responsible for all france 's problems , our debt , our unemployment , our riotters , our bad weather . 
  this should n't last long , it 's just a passing phase . 
  considering she never invaded england and considering you managed to get her caught and killed , i do n't think it 's any kind of a revenge or whatever . 
  it would have been weird if they had it called `` mission guillaume le conqu\u00e9rant '' or `` mission c\u00e9sar '' , but there , even if it 's weird , it 's not an insult . 
  do you really take the slightest thing this bad ? 
  and if it 's a joint operation , then i suppose you had a word to say in the choice of the name . 
   the problem is our media . 
  that 's quite the same in every country , i think :(, 
  does n't look like uk-france rivalry ... 
  it was more like `` just downgrade another undowngradable country '' , in this case i think it 's more respect than anything else . 
  if you really want to know , for the moment , germans are the target of the stupid french anger which needs a culprit to everything instead of looking at itself . 
  england is really liked in france , by us citizens and by our politics , definitely , and for what i saw , most of us are surprized to see how in a lot of english 's minds the rivalry still exists . 
  the same website offers the possibility to organize your meals on a certain period to be able to respect this famous `` 5 fruits and vegetables a day '' rule and to eat a healthy diet . 
  i still have n't tested it myself but i really think it 's a great idea . 
  i think it 's only in england that you feel this need , honestly . 
   montpellier -- known as the ` french san francisco -- til . 
  the guy fled france to avoid paying taxes , i wonder if he really was that `` amazed '' to hear about the news . 
  plus , if you understand french : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dztlmy9em64, 
  i 'm so glad the justice made him shut the f up after he started to come back `` because france needs him '' . 
  the last percent is when he cuddled his dog . 
  he was only 99 % bad in their opinion , i think . 
  perhaps , those weird inland frontiers are somewhat hard to notice . 
  weirdly . 
  ile-de-france part of france seems really smaller with its 12m than netherlands which is 16m . 
  you just ca n't put it next to rillettes and p\u00e2t\u00e9 , that 's all . 
  and terrine is p\u00e2t\u00e9 . 
  you really lost your citizenship tonight , man . 
  for fuck 's sake !, 
  foie gras is not p\u00e2t\u00e9 !, 
  your french citizenship has just been cancelled . 
  i 'm not against the mousse de p\u00e2t\u00e9 even if i prefer good ole ones . 
  i 'd also advise , more than buying p\u00e2t\u00e9 , k0to should try doing it himself , it 's really not that hard and the result is a tier higher than what you can find in most charcuteries . 
  not all terrines are . 
  most terrines do n't have gelatine . 
  even the greek word for gold is close to `` crisis '' . 
  you just lost your citizenship . 
  [ hey , remember that last time germany invested in roads ? 
  ] ( http://www.citylab.com/politics/2014/06/how-highway-construction-helped-hitler-rise-to-power/372205/ ), 
   do you remember the austro-hungarian empire ? 
  no i 'm too young , sorry . 
  because we love you so much : /, 
  i usually love british humour , but this is just cruel . 
  uk website , uk polls , anti-french stuff in all its glory . 
  edit : but you 're quite right , nonetheless . 
   britons deemed the french the least welcoming hosts in europe , a 2012 poll found . 
  yeah . 
  why would you even ask ask anything about the french to brits ? 
  we already know that according to them we 'll always be the worst not matter what .
