  i 'm still believing that they 're close in their fights against the `` system '' , on one hand the ennemy is the `` umps '' and on the other the ennemies are the sionists ... 
  both hypothetic conspiracies which are supposed to control what we think , because we 're supposedly the medias ' slaves , and that we 're supposedly all a bunch of stupid people and only the ones believing in conspiracies know things , blablabla . 
   now you 're trying to ignore the fact that dieudonn\u00e9 has changed a lot and fast because his life was threatened multiple times by a group that is supported by the government . 
  oh , now both conspiracies are joining in a big one , that 's something . 
  i 'm not ignoring anything , i 'm just thinking that he was smarter than this and that he could have answered with other ways , hey , why not humour ? 
  why not * only * humour ? 
   i 'm saying people who offered to protect dieudonn\u00e9 were enemies of the jewish defense league . 
  how is that surprising ? 
  not surprising at all , what 's more surprising is that he could fall so easily in such an obvious trap . 
  but of course , i wo n't talk about the extremist movements ' traps with someone who 's advocating for another one . 
   i 'm also saying that when your life was threatened you tend to feel resentment against people that assaulted you and people who protect your aggressors . 
  how is that surprising ? 
  now that is surprising , yes . 
  i did n't think that this guy was the kind to generalize stuff like snap . 
  `` some jews assaulted me ? 
  man , all jews are bad . '', 
  not what he would have said a decade ago . 
  so yeah , he definitely got indoctrinated by some really strong guys who totally changed him . 
  well , that does n't advocate for him a lot . 
  you 're pretty much saying that he got influenced when he 's acting now as a leader ? 
  lots of his followers should read your comment , that would make them think a bit . 
  a project ? 
  it 's nonsense , but i can imagine that she would n't like it , just like most of atheisto-christian europe . 
  so , ok , you 're right on that , and i 'm not ironic this time , i forgot to consider that . 
   maybe a few physical assaults by the terrorist jewish defence league had some impact . 
  that was indeed not the best defence they used , but there must be more . 
  you ca n't change so much and so fast just because a bunch of assholes did what most of the people they want to represent would condemn . 
  answering extremism * with * extremism is not what i 'd expect from the man he used to be . 
  ok , ok , she 's not her first supporter . 
  maybe the second or third . 
  i can imagine her laugh with her mannish and guttural laughter when he 's shooting on the government and says the jews are everywhere . 
  why are you so sure that she 's honest ? 
  she 's a politician , after all . 
  sadly . 
  here 's for the assumed intentions that certainly got on your nerves . 
   but it 's probably a conspiration to spread islam in europe is n't it ? 
  a new conspiracy entered the game !, 
  i ca n't wait for the next one . 
  the bakers who want to forbid the selling of white bread in supermarkets ? 
  the dolphins who make us believe that fishing kills the sea just to get more fish for themselves ? 
   it 's really important to understand that if you want to get why he makes such jokes . 
  i do n't care about his jokes , i do n't care about his shows , i do n't care about his work as a humorist , because he lost me years ago . 
  why would it be so important for me to judge his work when my problem with him are his opinions and the venomous speech he 's spreading ? 
  come on , she 's so glad that he 's around , now thanks to him she has someone to compare the fn to and show people it is such a friendly party , he 's also the best occasion for her to criticize the government in this very case and that 's the only thing the fn does . 
   i actually agree with him on this part so do i. 
  but just as the critics went to far when saying that it was antisemitsm while it was just a skit depicting what 's true behind the fun ( and i mean once oppressed people now oppressing others , rescaled on a comparable and understandable parallel ) , dieudo went to far on his answer to those critics by thinking that he was the target of some conspiracy . 
  maybe he was just as touchy as the subject of his skit . 
  for all those `` humorists '' , the conclusion seems to be that the 80-90 's had their bunch of not-that-funny-but-were-successful people in france , i 'm glad we had other good stuff to balance things with les nuls , les inconnus , les guignols ( which were funny at the time ) ... 
  heraldception . 
  why not [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b7/estandarte_real_de_alfonso_xiii_y_de_juan_de_borbon_%281931-1975%29.svg ) ? 
  that 's giving him way to much credits . 
  imo , war in lybia was to remove a bad file from sarko 's dark history and get back some oil markets after losing iraq 's ones , no matter what an unsignificant `` philosopher '' could have done . 
  i did n't like bigard too , his first show was good , despite being very coarse . 
  but the next ones were imo just coarse without any bit of fun . 
  i never found an explaination on how he got acclaimed as the french 's favorite comedian at the time and how he could fill the stade de france . 
  ( but i 'm asking myself about the same for anne roumanoff , i might not be french on the humour line ) . 
  that was really weird of him to talk about this , but it 's not the only time he ruined his image by talking about politics . 
   for dieudonn\u00e9 , he made me laugh a lot when he was with elie semoun . 
  just the same , their duo was perfect and lots of their skits were already controversial about racism , poverty , suburbs , while keeping the irony and fun , like nowadays guys do , fabrice ebou\u00e9 being my favorite in this exercise . 
   and that 's what i find the most difficult to understand : he used to be best pal with a jewish person , well , that 's where is weird and multiple sources give multiple versions , some saying that dieudo hated elie , which i do n't believe is true . 
  in the bonus of one elie 's show , there 's a video where they 're both drinking a glass together after the show , like good old pals , and yet the controversy had already began , which led me to think at the time that dieudo 's bit was really for fun and that he remained a good guy . 
  then other stuffs happened and i totally turned back from him . 
   i think he 's mostly harmless , he definitely is , the medias and the internet are ascribing him some reputation and power , but in the end , when he ran for an election it was a bashing . 
   the french government is over-reacting . 
  they too probably need some publicity , being cast as the big white knight in troubled times ( i mean considering how hollande and his government are being at historical lows in popularity ) . 
  exactly what it is . 
  as i said in another comment , they needed something to occult more important things . 
  i do n't think that it will help them though , that 's just making them more ridiculous . 
  now that 's a proof . 
  i 'm totally on your side , now . 
  bhl is such a charismatic leader he must have lots of evil sionists helping him destroy dieudonn\u00e9 . 
  please . 
  they lobbied after dieudonn\u00e9 was talking about the sionist conspiracy , they 're not the sionist conspiracy . 
  so that makes it a sionist conspiracy and we now have proofs there 's one ? 
  this is no more than people who happen to be jewish , not sionists . 
  sionism is 150 years old , judaism is thousands years old , not every jewish is sionist and not every jewish has moved in israel . 
  why would they give an f about making a conspiracy involving france ? 
  what would be the very aim of a sionist conspiracy ? 
  having countries approving the state of israel ? 
  well , france is both a friend of israel and palestine , so i guess their aim would be to choose between those friends ? 
  now show me evidences of the sionist conspiracy dieudonn\u00e9 is fighting against ( before he was attacked by the crif or other people ) and i 'll join the whole `` fear the jews '' frenzy . 
  i disagree on his views about the so called sionist conspiracy , i disagree on all of his anti-system speech and his little maneuvers to screw it . 
  and i 'm mostly disgusted by what he became after having been a guy i liked so much . 
  just like it 's your right to like him , it 's my right not to , and just like it 's his right to say what he wants , it 's my right to say that i do n't like what he says . 
  when jean-marie bigard starting to talk about thierry meyssan 's theories , his career came to a decline from which he 's having a hard time getting out . 
  it should have been the same for dieudonn\u00e9 , i 'm surprised that people disagree with a conspiracy theory so much when they agree with another one so easily . 
  you ca n't compare them . 
  and once again , i 'm not even talking about his comedy shows , i 'm not even talking about his fans . 
  i 'm talking about his videos and * followers * . 
  people who will say `` this guy is funny , i like him '' are fans , people who will say `` this guy is right , i have the same convictions as he does '' are followers . 
  now , if you 're both , then , good for you . 
  i disagree , that 's all . 
  sorry we do n't share the same views on this so called conspiracy . 
  i 'm not talking about his shows here , and as i said , i 'm against the ban . 
  and no , i did n't , i do n't want to and never will . 
  just as the ban on dieudonn\u00e9 , it 's completely absurd and unnecessary . 
  that 's the point i wanted to make . 
  also , we did n't understand it much in europe . 
  but in the case of dieudonn\u00e9 , even as a french , i do n't understand it much either . 
  the french government is trying to find a solution to a problem that is comparable to a pebble in your shoe .
