  but instead of just putting it out of the shoe , they just put one pebble in their other shoe . 
  some will say that it occults much more important problems and that 's a perfect occasion for them . 
  they might be very right . 
  the government just fucked things up , [ do n't tell me this never happens in us . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_federal_government_shutdown_of_2013 ), 
   10 years ago he was an anti-religion , anti-racism , anti-censorship left wing activist who made jokes about dictators and religious nuts . 
  oh , yeah , i remember this time i worshipped him for creating a list in dreux to oppose the front national . 
  now [ he 's close to it ] ( http://static.lexpress.fr/medias/46/dieudonne-jean-marie-le-pen-front-national_466.jpg ) and his first supporter is marine le pen . 
  for the religion matter , [ a little video he made in iran ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1efo4bep6ey ) reveals that he believes that only a mass conversion of europe to islam will solve all problems . 
  i really wonder what happened in his life to change this radically . 
  i 'm totally ok to say that the ban is useless and wo n't solve the problem , it 's even giving him more credit in his victimization campaign . 
  but this guy is not just a comedian . 
  he 's now a `` polemist '' according to news titles , and i 'd say that he 's a complete politician if i may , as his videos on internet are more about politics than anything else in the end . 
  the fact is that people are following him , believing in his sionist conspiracy theories , and the government trying to make him shut up only leads to the point that those people conclude `` hey , that 's because he must be right ! '' . 
  so yeah , this ban is the worst thing they could do , on so many levels . 
  jewels christmas to you too . 
  it 's in a way like `` santa claus '' which comes from sinter klaas , `` saint nicholas '' , the name stayed , but that 's not really saint nicholas anymore . 
  [ oh please . 
   france is on an entirely different trajectory . 
  i wo n't say france is best in english and i 'm not even surprised we 're last in europe . 
  but it 's changing . 
  i mean , we 're trying to . 
  my generation ( and i 'm 32 yo ) is certainly the first one who was told that english was important , and younger generations benefit from an even better english education , starting younger , insisting more on the value of it , it 's changing . 
  so yeah , we caught the train a bit late , certainly because of pride , because our language used to be an important one and we thought it would be forever . 
  so we 're on a good trajectory , despite the previous generations not being very good in english . 
  it might be true . 
  lovely town , and a nice trip in alsace can be done in cute villages and vineyards . 
  first , is there anything you really want to see ? 
  try checking some websites about tourism in europe and famous landscapes and monuments , then you can imagine a trip around that and we could help you more . 
  because right now it 's just gon na be `` my country is the best in europe ^ ^ ^ ( and ^ ^ all ^ ^ the ^ ^ other ^ ^ ones ^ ^ suck ^ ^ balls ) come here and you 'll have the time of your life '', 
  and i was just trying some humour . 
  oh please , they 'll split one day , do n't worry . 
  man , german food is great !, 
  the p\u00e9ages should have disappeared when the roads would have been paid , instead of that , the french government sold the right to operate those roads to private companies . 
  this clearly is a legalized scam . 
  perhaps the biggest fail in this whole thing is the federal state and the lack of interactions between all the different governements . 
  oh , i thought it only was set when the state became federal , sorry . 
  that does n't change anything to my argument that it 's way too late and that it should have been done right at the beginning . 
  i know you 're right , i know those people should have had time to learn dutch since then , but you ca n't allow things to go for such a long time and make such a law like that without the concerned people to feel unwelcomed from now on . 
  they 're taxpayers , not cattle . 
  oh please , do n't mention this legalized scam . 
  i do n't have any data , i 'm just guessing that there was n't almost half the population that became french speaking in a few years . 
  i 'm just saying that this law should have been made right when the language border was set 20-something years ago . 
  town 's hall allowed people to get official papers in french back then , right ? 
  and they did for a nice amount of time . 
  it 's too late to move back . 
   france is n't exactly the most tolerant country either from what i 've heard . 
  at least we 're tolerant with dutch , you should see our roads from june to august , watching license plates is like going from amsterdam to den haag . 
  i totally agree with that , but here , we 're talking about people who 've been there for years , it 's not a situation that just started last year . 
  this kind of law has its place when the situation just begins but when a whole community is already settled , you ca n't change all the habits like snap , it 's like denying the presence of a long lasting community . 
  imagine a bunch of kids playing football , they 're all boys . 
  a girl arrives and says `` hey can i play with you ? '', 
  willy nilly , the coach gets her in . 
  another girl comes after a few minutes , she also asks to get in the game and is accepted in . 
  then a few other girls get in and at the end of the afternoon , the coach looks at the kids and says `` no girls allowed ! '', 
  i guess the girls have the right to think `` wtf ? '', 
  phew !, 
   but do n't be too quick to judge . 
  hey , i said it did n't happen all the time , fortunately , i 'm saying it does happen , it 's not a myth , i lived it , even ( sadly ) inside brussels and i just do n't wan na see people say there 's not hatred at all because there definitely is some that ca n't be denied . 
  if you want me to balance this , i also can tell a few things that happend in the french speaking parts of belgium where me and my friends where harshly treated just because we were french . 
  this one is just for you . 
  anderlecht , near the cureghem caves , in a fast food joint we went to before a party , a friend of mine makes the worst mistake ever ( his first time in belgium ) : he asks for water !!!, 
  the waiter just shouted at us `` we 're not in france , here !!!! '', 
  with a wicked tone and splutters shot . 
  let 's say the rest of the meal and the checking were awkward . 
  * `` a rome , fais comme les romains '' * is quite the same idea . 
  still , this law just changes rome to a latin only speaking city and etruscan speakers just have the options to shut the fuck up or leave . 
   the right of speaking your language everywhere ? 
  that 's not a right . 
  wow , man . 
  i hope you do n't mean what your sentence suggests . 
  no french quote ???? 
  ok , so ... other story . 
  i once was with a friend in ~ ~ anvers ~ ~ antwerpen and after a nice walk in this beautiful city ( and i mean it , as i said , it 's my effing pleasure to look at flemish architecture ) we decide to have a belgian delicacy in a bar , aka , a beer . 
  we 're obviously talking french to each others , my friend not speaking a single word of dutch ( once again , remember we 're french , nothing would lead us to speak dutch ) . 
  the waiter comes and talk to us in dutch , weirdly , i answer him in english because i sadly did n't understand what he said ( accent , fast speaking , noise in the bar ) and he tells me he does n't speak english . 
  so i try to order in dutch , as good as i can and i think i did pretty well , i even show him the menu so he can see precisely what we want . 
  yeah , you see it coming . 
  he served us totally different beers , in 25cl instead of 50 as ordered and when i tried to tell him there was a mistake i was quickly short out of vocabular to make myself clear . 
  i dunno if his mistake was on purpose or if it was n't , but the guy did n't even try . 
  just to clarify , this kind of story happens only once every three trips i have there and i 'll just give 5 stars to leuven ( my personnal favorite building being there ) for never having met an ass in this town ( despite the lil tensions there used to be there ) . 
   there is this sentiment in flanders of the french speaking community slipping further and further into flanders . 
  i really wonder where this sentiment does come from , the language wall seems to have been steady for a while now , and the kind of measures taken is n't preventing any move , it just pisses off lotsa people who 've been there for years and surely consider themselves as flemish and will have to move in another region or country because they 're not well considered by their own brothers . 
  so i guess they deserve a whole century of oppression now ? 
  mistakes of people now dead for years sure have to be paid by their descendants for ten generations . 
  i guess they more than apologized for it by letting you guys do almost whatever you wanted , but hey , many examples in history prove the once oppressed people tend to become the oppressors . 
   nobody is bloody saying that !, 
  that 's what it felt when i read this :  he 'd tell you 'd he 'd feel his culture vindicated by the increasingly frenchifying borders the only increasing thing is the hatred towards french imo . 
  the scrathings on street names plates , the laws banning french in official shits , what 's next ? 
  will there be a green card like passport for people to be able to live in flanders with a dutch test so you 're sure the guy can understand when others make a joke about him ? 
  imagine brussels going all french and forbid the de lijn buses to get in if they do n't have `` la ligne '' written underneath or the flemish writings on the jubelpark 's gate scratched . 
  yeah , it 's stupid as fuck . 
  just how the flemish government 's behaviour is right now . 
   yes and now the north gives to the south if it 's an even comparable amount will not be dragged into this and it definitely does n't provide more support to your point . 
  financially helping your own fellow countrymen is called the basis of society , it does n't give you the right to shit on their heads . 
  french , the cancer that slowly kills belgium . 
  i understand why you guys wan na get rid of the tumor . 
  it 's flemish bourgeoisie that went to french and you ca n't blame anyone else but your own flemish elites . 
  now french is less spoken than flemish , how can you even talk about a fear that it would destroy flemish ? 
  i guess you just ca n't stand that brussels is lost forever to your cause , guys , and that you wo n't get it when you 'll be independant .
