very common sport in the uk . 
  we have municipal golf courses . 
  owned by the council , rather than private , which this spanish one appears to be too . 
  i 've often considered taking it up . 
  also , on my holidays in austrian tyrol , it appears to be even more popular than over here . 
  the `` country clubs '' thing is all a bit upper class 1 % ` er stuff in the usa though , or at least that is my prejudice . 
  get off my lawn !, 
  4-5 euros is very cheap !, 
  i do n't think i can grumble at paying the bosch some tax . 
  i hope to find it in my aldi or lidl . 
  americans already pay double in taxation per capita for their healthcare system than our taxes in the uk pay for the nhs . 
  yet for some reason they fight like tooth and nail to keep the corporate profit system on top , so have to pay much more out of pocket after tax or have a good employment provided insurance scam . 
  the americans seem to love being butt raped by the government and it 's lobbyist corporations , so long as they `` feel '' they are not helping the poor . 
  it 's fucking weird , i ca n't get my head around the mindset of tea party and gop supporters in the usa . 
  dem 's are no better . 
  sadly our uk government seem to be trying to turn the nhs into a similar shitcare system , drip by drip . 
  corporate lobbying is n't just a usa thing it seems . 
  i 'm so glad i live in liverpool , uk , which gets it 's very soft water from the river dee . 
  makes a great cup of tea . 
  when i lived in london , i would have scum floating on the top of my cups of tea , kettles would fur up , and i had to spend twice as much on detergents !, 
  i had to buy great big bottles of spring water just to make my tea drinkable . 
  you do n't mess with an englishman and his tea . 
  lol, 
  i thought \u0432\u043e\u0434\u0430 was russian for water , while \u0432\u043e\u0434\u043a\u0430 is water of life , the ' \u043a ' being the bit that adds life to the water . 
  i tried learning russian 25 years ago when i was a young and foolish marxist . 
  the uk income tax has to be voted in every year by parliament , as it was a temporary measure introduced by pitt to pay for the napoleonic wars . 
  only it was 1 % back then and only applied to the rich . 
  sigh . 
  i never knew the krauts made sparkling wine . 
  any recommendations for this englishman with an austrian grandma ? 
  i normally have beef curry and chips from the local chinese chippy . 
  but i often make it myself ... you need to go to a chinese supermarket and get hold of goldfish brand hot curry sauce . 
  it takes 2 minutes to make - just simmer and whisk in hot water . 
  i also tend to add a teaspoon of chilli powder to it as well . 
  beef , onion , and peppers stir fried in the wok . 
  serve on bed of rice or chips or half/half ... 
  heaven !, 
  i never had curried chips down south like the chinese do it up north . 
  totally different curry style than indian madras/vindaloo, 
  damn . 
  i went to lidl today and toured all the aisles and there was no egg sp\u00e4tzle to be seen . 
  i did get a pack of bockwurst , a jar of those massive gherkins , and 4 cans of pork & ham / bacon grill . 
  ( spam ! ), 
  i will check out the other lidl tomorrow , 
  i 'm going to get that as i need my massive jars of gherkins stocked up and only lidl do them !, 
  : lol the sp\u00e4tzle meal with meat gravy and peas sounds a little bit too english to me ... lol !, 
  ( we are famous for ` meat and two veg ' - we would have mashed potato or deep fried chips instead of sp\u00e4tzle ) . 
  but i do love currywurst !, 
  i find it interesting that you have lidl n\u00fcrnberger and tesco th\u00fcringer bratw\u00fcrste ... 
  i have no clue what the difference is , but i have to add i love the  90 % pork bockwurst at the lidl . 
  there are other things claiming to be `` hot dogs '' but they are made of 30 % rendered chicken carcass and a pile of shit , phosphates , and water . 
  never touch that crap myself . 
  actually spam or celebrity danish grill , lidl/aldi bacon grill are a guilty secret of mine - i make sure i have at least one tin in the cupboard for those days when the fridge is empty of fresh foods . 
  two slices of that porky bacon tinned stuff , grilled each side to brown and bubbling in fat - served on toast with a generous helping of encona hot pepper sauce !, 
  yum !, 
  also - deep fried spam fritters are pretty good for restoring the cholesterol levels in your blood stream if you have had too much vegetarian or fruit stuff in your diet . 
  lol !, 
  sounds good !, 
  i have to go to lidl to refresh my stock of those massive jars of monster gherkins !, 
  i am addicted to them , it has to be said !, 
  wrong - lots of bir 's are run by the bangladeshis who are usually muslim . 
  so they do n't do pork , but have no problem with beef . 
  also , most of these restaurants when not doing chicken , prawn , etc , offer a `` meat '' curry . 
  so it is going to be beef or lamb , and drunk customers do n't know better . 
  i have to say i am amazed that one of my local bir 's actually states beef on the menu . 
  but i love lamb too , so i am not bothered really . 
  pork is actually a traditional vindaloo meat , but you never see that in a bir . 
  source : many years getting drunk and fat in bir 's . 
  i always try all the fancy dishes in the indian , but i always tend to resort to a simple beef madras or beef vindaloo . 
  beef is my favourite meat for a hot curry . 
  yes - it 's hard to get hold of mutton though , it 's normally only lamb you can buy in uk supermarkets . 
  you can sometimes get mutton in the halal section , but i refuse to buy religiously slaughtered meat that has meant unnecessary suffering to the animal . 
  it costs more too . 
  ( however , if it 's on the reduced to clear , then i buy it rather than see it go in the supermarket bin ) also goat . 
  i really want to try jamaican curry goat . 
  just found a local takeaway that does it , but they use mutton too instead :(, 
  dull, 
  wienerschnitzel cordon bleu is better as it 's the same fritzl the schnitzel ( lol ) with cheese . 
  not american cheeze substance , but proper cheese . 
  heaven !, 
  oh i like german/austrian food , but i find it a bit pork heavy !, 
  and sp\u00e4tzle ? 
  is that like german version of murikan `` grits '' ? 
  i dunno , but it 's nice !, 
  i do love my aldi and lidl for all those continental foods . 
  bratwursts are infinitely better than british bangers . 
  i 'm a brit and fucking love greek and turkish food !, 
  united kingdom !, 
  let 's face it - we have the whole world of food to choose from , with our colonial past and our current commonwealth . 
  we are no longer on ration books and tins of spam you know !, 
  i thought the judge sentenced the `` poor black teen '' to 12 years in prison ? 
  that is what i recall anyway . 
  as for serial rapists and murderers - fuck them . 
  no amount of psychobabble will help them . 
  the problem is - tech , and the pace of it - i have to learn new programming libraries , languages , and stuff all the time , it leaves little room for old fashioned european languages . 
  i can only cram so much in this thick skull at a time . 
  sad , because my grandad who served in ww2 could speak in addition to english : fluent spanish , italian , german , french , and pretty good arabic . 
  however , he was stationed in all those countries as a royal engineer in the 8th army and so had to pass the time between building bridges and laying/removing land mines . 
  eta : i am considering learning mandarin . 
  that is the new `` electronics/hardware '' tech language while english will remain the `` it/computer software '' tech language .
