  if it is detrimental to the rest of the union it should be looked at . 
  it 's not black and white , agreements can be made . 
  deals that require commitments from both sides . 
  sure if you do n't care about the long term good of the union . 
  like i said it does n't have to change radically just make some deals . 
  have 1 member adapt or have 26 members adapt, 
  there 's nothing wrong with low corporate tax rate , but it should n't be so low that it 's almost mandatory for all european companies to be based there . 
  wait what . 
  so because germany exterminated dutch jews it would be justified if the netherlands exterminated german jews . 
  playing the victim i see . 
  uk trades in unemployment for lower job security . 
  still good figures , but itsnt without drawbacks . 
  it 's just a great stink mate . 
  i misread that . 
  lol . 
  sometimes uninteresting times can be better . 
  you 're right my bad . 
  do n't want to offend but the fact you think something being cheesy means it 's unlikable is really dumb . 
  this was the most important election for france and europe in a long time . 
  it 's history . 
  calais is the yellow one at the top . 
  personally i like the fact he 's very serious . 
  i get the feeling he 's aware that he 's experiencing history as much as we are . 
  dat real mvp . 
  i also got banned a while ago . 
  what was your comment ? 
  i think he means like a gif with sound . 
  i honestly thought his first speech was good . 
  i personally loved that he did n't have any emotions . 
  i got the vibe that he was trying to be very serious about the problems he wants to fix and address all the suffering people on a serious note . 
  the false song of fear mongering will sing no more !!!, 
  hon hon hon frenchies !!, 
  it was at 5 pm, 
  can netherlands haz love too ? 
  give this man a xd, 
  they 'll try to act as if it never happened , but it will be hard to ignore this one . 
  that sounds great !, 
  thanks, 
  where can you find it ? 
  i need my stress lowered too . 
  hmmm i don \u00b4 t agree . 
  the eu has flaws , but remember both le pen and nigel farage are part of eu parliament . 
  hmmm nice hour old account . 
  straight from r/the _ dumbass, 
  ties to russia . 
  honestly if it 's bad it could get him impeached . 
  i know in most countries in europe it would . 
  anyhow it 's gon na cause unrest and uncertainty . 
  i have no problem with nationalism . 
  but why do idiots like le pen , farage , and wilder 's have to be the spokesperson . 
  they just say the dumbest shit . 
  america lost . 
  viva le pen ... 
  i hope he 's just a spaniard that loves le pen . 
  so simplified what has been happening these last few months is that trump has been adding value to the stock markets with promises . 
  mostly promises that would benefit corporations bigly . 
  if something sudden happens that would indicate he wo n't be able to fulfill his problems ( in a very short timespan ) all that added value would disappear in the eyes of many investors . 
  let 's say by the time the fbi investigations come out 10 % of value has been added overall . 
  ( it 's already near 6 % so if trump continues it 's very well possible ) this 10 % additional value would suddenly not exist . 
  people would take out at least this much in a short period of time . 
  ( it really depends on the fbi though . ), 
  this could cause the rest of shareholders to overreact . 
  to give you something to compare to on black tuesday the american stocks lost 12 % of it 's value in 1 day . 
  the coming months almost 90 % of it 's value had left . 
  i doubt it 'll be that bad , but in short the american stock market is in a bit of a bubble right now . 
  until trump fullfills his promises ( if he ever does ) it 's just fake inflated value . 
  yeah . 
  it ca n't be a coincidence anymore . 
  trump added so much artificial value to the stocks these last few months . 
  if his ability to keep his promises is affected any way the value will disappear and because of market overreaction it could cause a crash . 
  but honestly i 'm no expert . 
  so take it with a grain of salt . 
  i 'd like to add one of my own predictions here . 
  when the fbi investigations get released the american stocks will crash . 
  if they have anything substantial in them ( and they better do ) . 
  inb4 4th reich, 
  that sounds like shit . 
  let 's just be at each other 's throats . 
  it 's how we 've been doing it for thousands of years anyways . 
  then we can periodically show or might by getting into wars . 
  trust me it 's really good !, 
  ~ ~ i am ~ ~ we are groot !, 
  i honestly do n't know exactly why such large numbers of workers stayed because \u00b9 i am too young and \u00b2 i only moved to europe relatively recently . 
  well we no longer import gastarbeiters in the same way , but the previous ones still live here and make up most of the foreign population . 
  so to say that the foreigners come here and do n't even work is a little ridiculous . 
  it 's still unclear what exactly is going to happen so it 's hard for the markets to predict . 
  this guy believes you should be racist because the enemy is racist too lmao, 
  yeah . 
  i meant that the french population is not smarter . 
  maybe better education or something . 
  but intelligence is virtually equal across all populations . 
  i 'd say your observations have some merit . 
  one thing i 'd like to add is that macron is clearly a better choice than hillary . 
  even if you do n't like him . 
  and also david cameron was super unpopular as well . 
  do you know the term gastarbeiters ? 
  it literally means guestworker . 
  that 's the whole reason our previous governments let them come here . 
  saying they do n't work is just stupid and frankly a little racist . 
  i do think that the unemployment rate of foreigners is probably a bit higher , but the vast majority still works .
