  that said i hope the uk the best and i hope that you stand up to trump and do n't go along with whatever he does . 
  call yourselves the allies whatever , but any alliance on the side of trump ca n't be good . 
  we 'll be the non aggressive pro environment pro cooperation axis . 
  fine by me . 
  axis has a better ring to it anyways . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm right and you 're wrong , but i 'll just say that not so long ago the usa was the most anti-russia country ever . 
  yeah i understand where you 're coming from but the original comment said vassal if i 'm not mistsken . 
  i just thought it was funny how we just all went along with it . 
  it 's funny how people have started saying vessel assuming vassal was misspelled . 
  but i think he meant vassal as in vassal state . 
  at least the uk can economically and politically compete and even outperform germany . 
  the us has magnitudes more power in every way . 
  i 'm not arguing your standpoint , but i think it 's more how may just was performing political fellatio on donald trump . 
  like in one interview where she was asked how she felt about trumps statements on women like the : `` grab em by the pussy '' . 
  she just said something really vague how he had apologised . 
  i 'm european and i think brexit could turn out better for britain and the eu , but it 's just scary having the uk so close to trump along with russia . 
  ( and possibly turkey ? ), 
  this might sound a little conspiracy-like and i do n't think it 's very likely but nevertheless there is a chance were the forming of a modern equivalent of the ww2-era axis powers . 
  edit : if the us really does become an agressor in a global conflict i think the uk would be much more likely to go along with it now that it 's getting out of the eu . 
  i 'm really hoping that the uk leaders will stand up against trump , unlike what we 've seen from theresa may . 
  i wish the uk the best , but seriously fuck trump . 
  not really . 
  she could still win but that would n't make flawed logic unflawed . 
  lol ... just lol . 
  not saying le pen ca n't win ( but i dont think so and i sure as hell do n't hope so ) but this logic is just flawed . 
  hamon sounds a little like ham in spanish ( jamon ), 
  oh my bad for misunderstanding, 
  350 million a week minus ~ 150 million back is not that much when you compare it to the enormous amounts of profits you gain from trade . 
  it 's less than half a percent of the uks gdp . 
  i wonder what percentage comes from eu trade ... 
  i agree the eu is not without faults , but for europe to remain relevant in the future it needs to be united . 
  countries such as china and india will dwarf any separate european economies , but united we will have considerable negotiation power . 
  an average deal that had no tarrifs to one of the biggest if not the biggest economies in the world . 
  also it allowed london to be the the economic capital of the world . 
  its undediable that some companies will move their headquarters in case of a hard brexit the question is just how many . 
  yeah until india a country with 1.5 billion inhabitants overtook you . 
  i mean you can hardly blame the eu for that . 
  countries like india and china are gon na go grow and theres nothing we can do about it unless the west goes to war with them . 
  what germans are you talking to lmao xd, 
  i do n't use the train super often but it works fine for browsing the web when im on the train . 
  man this guy is salty . 
  do n't take this shit so personally man . 
  this kind of bullshit is found in every single subreddit . 
  anyone believes stuff that makes their country/nation look good . 
  who comes into reddit with their ego being tied to salmonella in eggs anyways . 
  that also applies to much of england, 
  well i ca n't say i 'm not a little disappointed , but i do n't think he can cut more money elsewhere . 
  especially with the nato pressure from trump . 
  yeah sure . 
  as long as they do n't live in isolated groups . 
  i honestly love seeing indonesian and greek restaurants that were started by immigrants when i walk around my city, 
  much smaller chance . 
  being unproductive and excluded from society all day can make people depressed and even angry at society . 
  i do n't mind immigrants if they are well integrated in society . 
  and i do n't mean that they have to give up all their cultural values . 
  using anti foreign parties as an example is not really fair . 
  why would there be an anti foreigner party if 98 % of the population are ethnic japanese . 
  the un and many other organizations have voiced their concerns over xenophobia in japan . 
  there are statistics of housing and working discrimination . 
  foreigners are often not even allowed to work in japan . 
  i do n't know dude . 
  i 'd rather have refugees working here than not working and possibly becoming radicalised . 
  once they 're already here integration is the only way , or mass deportations , but i do n't think that would be internationally respected because it 's inhumane . 
  hmmm that 's weird . 
  visiting japan as a foreigner could be really unpleasant at times . 
  i have olive coloured skin , but sometimes i really felt like a second class citizen . 
  way more than i 'd ever have in one of the white european states . 
  i have a japanese friend who used to be an expat and he says japan is probably the most racist place he has ever lived . 
  i mean not to shit on japan because it is a highly functional society , but in terms of xenophobia it 's pretty high on the list . 
  france is not a country/s, 
  compared to most politicians he is though . 
  ah my bad i misread a `` to '' before 1.4 % . 
  until polluting technologies start being outdated . 
  clean energy forms are becoming cheaper , if our economy is well suited around that we could profit a lot in the future . 
  it 's a long term investment for the planet and for the industry . 
  i think trump was the best meme . 
  that is until he got elected ... 
  long term of course . 
  but the short term dominant strategy is to ignore climate change to profit economically . 
  if you want everything to be in each and everyone 's best interest saving the planet would be impossible . 
  that 's also a fair point . 
  maybe not radiostations since those can be bought up easily . 
  the problem i have now with this whole situation is that it already is a really successful song by the people 's choice . 
  it feels like those people are being silenced . 
  theresa may is acting like everything is completely fine , but the truth is that a large portion of the country is unsatisfied with her and the tory party . 
  i do n't think theres a simple solution , but i also do n't think silencing a song that is popular especially when it goes against those in power is `` right '' . 
  it does n't have to be a conspiracy to be bad . 
  i think songs like this should be tolerated no matter who it is meant for . 
  i think that 's pretty crazy . 
  i do n't know how else to see this as a supression of free speech . 
  luckily these days we have the internet where they can hardly ban anything . 
  unless they 're businessmen doing business in your country . 
  it 's obviously brexit effect . 
  size is n't everything , 
  netflix is huge . 
  european industry will have to play catch up the entire time if netflix gives a big priority to american cinema . 
  if this means european cinema will be able to compete better , and produce a better product i 'm for it . 
  it would n't be necessary if netflix has some real competition . 
  but the online streaming market for cinema is almost a monopoly by netflix . 
  it 's less efficient to have every single country have their own laws for businesses .
