  might even turn off some businesses from smaller markets if they have to adapt to the laws . 
  it 's just a measure to protect and stimulate the european cinema industry . 
  you might not agree with the decision , but in the end that 's what it does . 
  you do n't want your industry to have to catch up to everyone because the largest service provider happens to be american . 
  but the fact that they call themselves uncensorednews really infuriates me . 
  i got banned from r/uncensored news because i suggested an extremely racist comment be removed . 
  fucking cancerous arrogant mod too . 
  i really ca n't tell if troll or actually legit . 
  i hope troll . 
  it 's pretty interesting to see how countries relate to each other genetically but i have to say the legend on this statistics map is useless to 99.9 % of us . 
  not this video . 
  but sometimes the way they present things about politics in the states is very one-sided . 
  i do n't think individuals are to blame . 
  it is a progression of a trans-generational collective sentiment . 
  that coupled with xenophobia , populism , and unfortunate developments within the eu . 
  honestly i do n't blame him . 
  you either support brexit and some really extreme views or you accept that your country 's future is extremely uncertain and that progressivism no longer exists in your country . 
  current negotiations with japan and china are going very well . 
  that 's what i 'm saying, 
  well it 's a good thing facts are n't based on your subjectivity . 
  it takes effort . 
  but things get done . 
  blind agreement is no good form of cooperation . 
  there are sanctions so apparently they did come to an agreement . 
  eu-27 has also agreed brexit negotiations . 
  something which ca n't even be said about britain internally . 
  even the american military needs congress support so i do n't see how this is a problem . 
  if there truly is a threat to europe countries will agree . 
  it is not a country that is at the top but the best military leaders from the eu countries . 
  or at least that 's what i would assume . 
  lol . 
  so you 're suggesting having a legal institution ignore it 's own laws for the good of a third-party to be ? 
  following your same logic why does n't the eu just ignore whatever britain says at this point if rules do n't matter . 
  that 's horrible . 
  it seems like it has been going on for pretty long . 
  they should catch him soon . 
  a little unrelated to the video but sometimes i fine vox to be leftist propaganda . 
  i just realized i sound like a trump supporter but that 's not the case at all ( i voted social-democrats ) . 
  it 's almost as unneutral as something like daily mail . 
  this is significant , but it should be noted that these are suspected criminals . 
  it is more likely that they suffer from profiling than the average fin . 
  that being said immigration has to be stricter . 
  we also need too but turkey 's influential ties via the mafia and the mosques , but we also need to integrate them better . 
  1.5 % of gdp is pretty significant . 
  1.5 % extra grow per year would mean you 're economy is performing extremely well . 
  i do n't know . 
  if it does n't go well the worst thing that could happen is incompetence . 
  across the atlantic there is huge incompetence and titanic levels of corruption . 
  almost 20 % ? 
  the difference with iceland is big though . 
  there will always be areas with lower tax rates . 
  even within countries it 's like that . 
  whatever man you get what i meant . 
  if not the majority of countries do not have a corporate tax rate as low as ireland . 
  i said it to make a point . 
  but the majority of countries are not tax havens . 
  well it still centers around 1 member adapting . 
  does n't mean that a deal ca n't be mutual . 
  i 'm personally not a fan of the tory party . 
  and i think her stance on the eu is pretty aggressive . 
  and the fact she is taking money away from schools . 
  and to be honest the worst thing was when she just started sucking trump 's dick . 
  i did n't really hate her before that . 
  but i just think trump is an incompetent twat . 
  that 's pretty exaggerated . 
  if it ever causes a recession it 'd be after brexit would be implemented . 
  i never said anywhere that i expect only ireland to be making compromises . 
  instead i 've been saying that both sides have to reach an agreement . 
  if amsterdam has to change so be it . 
  pretty weak to counter my argument based on my flair tbh . 
  i read somewhere that trump said he would put an eu trade before uk . 
  https://www.google.nl/amp/www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/22/donald-trump-ready-do-trade-deal-eu-ahead-uk/amp/ . 
  i do n't think i ever saw the imf claiming a recession in 2017 . 
  i saw one that predicted it long after brexit actually happened . 
  yeah to be honest i 'm quite optimistic for the european side . 
  especially now with two pro-eu leaders in france and germany we can start expecting a lot of changes . 
  i really hope they reform some of the electoral aspects because much of the public does n't find it transparent . 
  also i want juncker removed . 
  he is too inflammatory . 
  he is barely better than farage . 
  i really do n't know what they 're going to do , but i can assure you that ireland wo n't accept a bad deal . 
  the eu ca n't afford to stir unsatisfaction in one of it 's most loyal members . 
  they would n't be happy about that . 
  but they would also benefit from more dutch firms basing their company in holland . 
  i agree that ireland already is very attractive for british business . 
  there will still be competition though . 
  frankfurt paris and amsterdam are just some of the cities that are looking to compete . 
  if the eu allows ireland to take a leading role in that regard , ireland would have to worry about less competition , therefore still making gains from the deal . 
  not looking good . 
  i was a little optimistic for britain at first , but theresa may is just terrible . 
  the eu will at least be able to pass some things the uk was against . 
  good luck anyways, 
  the eu has power to attract investors to ireland in other ways . 
  maybe they could make ireland especially attractive for english based companies that are going to move hq 's after brexit . 
  ireland would fill that gap quite nicely . 
  i know in amsterdam construction has started for office spaces in light of brexit . 
  if the eu makes competition less necessary between member states , absurdly low tax rates wo n't be necessary . 
  it 's not bullying , but a union in which every country has 100 % full autonomy without regarding the rest of the members is just not gon na work . 
  even then the changes wo n't be so drastic that ireland loses a ton of money . 
  it 's just balancing .
