  you also have to remember that low-education jobs are disappearing in european society and that is what nearly all of the gastarbeiters did . 
  it has nothing to do with intelligence . 
  he plays stupid cause your comments do n't make much sense . 
  collectively shrinking yeah sure . 
  the population had a boom after ww2 and now it 's stabilising . 
  it wo n't shrink forever . 
  and how can you blame foreigners for this , makes no sense . 
  either have immigration or face economic recession because of the lack of working age people . 
  the people and the ideas define a nation . 
  but it is not limited to any race . 
  not sure about that . 
  it 's more common for them to call you liberals or leftists . 
  globalists are only the `` global elite '' that are against everything the common people want . 
  basically like the illuminati . 
  this made me lol . 
  but on a more serious note globalists are the new jews . 
  1 month old account . 
  checks out . 
  swedistan amirite ? 
  hehe you know because all the m00slims over there . 
  if you think research is pulling out of ass . 
  it 's not even an official figure just an estimate . 
  uk is performing well in many different aspects of their economy . 
  comments like this are unnecessary and not very inspired . 
  according to may it was already a certainty . 
  i honestly do n't even see that much anti-uk stuff . 
  anti may stuff yeah , because she just does n't seem to do anything right . 
  i agree , but what i was trying to say is it 's hard to expect people on the european subreddit to be more optimistic about brexit than on the uk subreddit . 
  success takes time to build . 
  ireland suffered more than most countries during the 2008 recession . 
  even then . 
  that 's all that comment is saying . 
  being english speaking is a factor for success . 
  that does n't necessarily all english speaking countries are going to perform as well as the uk . 
  ok . you just went full retard . 
  ireland could be missing other factors that make it business friendly . 
  that 's all that 's being said . 
  i do n't think anyone would disagree that speaking english will give a country a boost to international trade . 
  together with being extremely business friendly it makes the uk a very strong competitor on the global market . 
  in the opening sentence it says it is a factor , which does n't mean it 's the sole reason for success . 
  giving a reason does n't have to be discrediting, 
  r/unitedkingdom idk just anti-brexit circlejerk . 
  almost as bad as the turkey one . 
  this sub is pro-eu but i have seen quite a few pro-uk threads as well . 
  that being said may and the conservative party have just handled this pretty terribly so that 's the general consensus on this sub . 
  i honestly think the uk subreddit is more of a circlejerk than this one . 
  the people that come on the news are the ones that do shady shit . 
  fraudulent crimes happen more in banks because it 's easier to do it in a bank , but not because it somehow magically `` changes '' people . 
  the vast majority of bankers just make a normal living . 
  r/conspiracy is leaking, 
  the fact that your comment and comments like yours appear in discussion and are n't being deleted shows this sub is nowhere close to being as extreme as the donald . 
  of course this sub is pro eu and no one is gon na deny that . 
  that being said i often see pro-brexit discussions in this sub . 
  to be honest i think your comment seems much more r/t _ d than the large majority of this sub . 
  you 're comment is really similar to r/t _ d 's rethoric about the left . 
  this is a left-leaning place . 
  but do we ban anti-eu comments ? 
  do we spread articles from shadt sources ? 
  not most of the time . 
  do we allow fair discussion from both sides ? 
  yeah sure . 
  lol ? 
  apparently not in this article . 
  the raw number of incidents is cited here not incidents per 100.000 or something . 
  i do n't want to completely dismiss the problem because it is there but one thing you have to take into account is that the number of refugees rose by 440 % . 
  more people just means more crime . 
  any given population of people commits crime . 
  it does n't mean we should discriminate against them . 
  what we should be thinking is how can we better integrate the people we have . 
  instead of thinking but `` at least no one called you a racist '' . 
  being anti immigration does n't make you a racist . 
  but being anti a certain race of immigrants does . 
  and the fact that most of them happen to be from a certain religion does n't make it any less racist . 
   the 27 leaders took less 15 minutes to approve the draft guidelines for the negotiations , ** which were issued on 31 march by mr tusk **, 
  let 's hope for the uk that russia does n't play a big part in the spreading of propaganda like was done most prominently in the u.s elections . 
  nukes play a relatively small role in europe compared to much of the rest of the world . 
  lol, 
  nationalism does hinder cooperation . 
  it 's called game-theory . 
  we have never had the need as european nations to unite because in history we were leading the world . 
  now there are powers much much larger than any single european country . 
  uniting in some form will allow us to compete with the large powers that are growing at an incredible rate . 
  every institution is artificial . 
  the only difference is that the eu has been around for such a short time that it has had a small impact on our culture . 
  the european union was created because europe needed to unite after the world wars . 
  where is the identity disappearing . 
  i 'm dutch i still speak dutch i have dutch holidays and traditions . 
  culture is always changing . 
  the european union works for the good of europe . 
  countries that are having problems will be helped by the entire union . 
  i 'm not talking about wars . 
  i am talking about unneeded adversity in a time where the west should be working together . 
  nationalism was great when the west were rulers of the world . 
  now we have to start working together to be prepared for the enormous upcoming powers in asia . 
  nationalistic policy has its place , but it should leave place for globalist policy in an interconnected world . 
  why do we need a huge shakeup if we are enjoying the best quality of life in the world ? 
  i agree some things need to change but it 's better for it to be gradual to minimize risk of asia gaining power . 
  besides that 's not pre-ww2 . 
  i 'm talking about the dangerous levels of hostility that european countries had towards each other . 
  churchill was only a hero because he needed to be .
