misinformation exists on both sides . 
  however i do believe the side that claims to side with the people and against the elite has a big advantage . 
  trump , brexit , le pen etc, 
  eu4 is leaking, 
  it 's extra difficult because it 's next to the void and so close to the center . 
  swedistan amirite ? 
  i 'm not saying per se pro akp but saying that europe is antidemocratic sounds a lot like what erdogan hasbeen saying lately . 
  there 's no need to take it 100 % literally . 
  is n't akp brainwash amazing ? 
  51.8 % to be exact , 
  let 's not allow the government to needlessly start taking authoritarian measures because of this okay ? 
  funny thing is that uk government is considering not honoring the agreement after taking to uk lawyers . 
  so i guess eu just acted reactionary . 
  if you say so, 
  the 50bn has to be in the contract so i mean the uk did agree . 
  and stroopwafels, 
  i 'm more worried about how turkey seems to be trying to destabilize the eu as well . 
  another refugee crisis could push europe to vote for the assholes who want to destroy the eu and would n't stop trump from doing crazy shit ... 
  he got 13 % to be exact, 
  why do n't you think spain will veto it ? 
  nederlands is kankerlauw vriend, 
  oh lol you can barely even see it . 
  but i assumed something like that, 
  it 's just per capita so in total it 's still less than 2bn which is not that much . 
  i thought luxembourg was drowning in cash ... 
  even cooler, 
  i had no idea he was polish . 
  that 's pretty cool imo . 
  that a relatively new in the eu and relatively undeveloped state as poland can have a president in the european council . 
  hmm it does n't seem to be getting better, 
  the full results are n't out yet , but as it stands now rutte won by a pretty big margin . 
  there is a small chance that wilders will even be 4th . 
  lol we will see but i doubt it . 
  maja het was wel warmer in afrika :(, 
  interessant !, 
  i am enlightened . 
  oh thanks !, 
  i always just assumed it meant meat or something like that . 
  he 's turning like the turkish meat turning thingies . 
  they never stop !, 
  the reason we are getting immigrants is because the eu decided every country should take something according to they capabilities to tackle the issue . 
  it 's not always that they i think it 's quite a few people , but compared to the population and other costs the government worries about it 's quite small . 
  it 's hard for them to find proper jobs but as the generations pass it will get closer to the average . 
  it is a problem our society can handle , and i assure you if our economy starts to tank ( although we are doing quite well ) the refugees will be the first to lose their benefits . 
  it is a problem but i do n't think it justifies gambling on wilder 's basically non existent plan and his extreme economic policies . 
  changes to the islam have to come from within the community . 
  all can do is not enable the spreading of islam . 
  we should ban the financing of mosques by foreign countries . 
  i do think immigration has to be tightened , but not completely shut down . 
  i think immigration should be looked at again by the eu because the people do n't want this much , but then again you have to remember that last year 30.000 refugees came to the netherlands . 
  that is not that many people . 
  the subsidies we give them are not so much and if they want a house or a business they just have to take out a loan . 
  the issue is a lot smaller than the threats we see from trump and climate and a lot more . 
  but yes we need immigration policy the people want . 
  but i do n't think completely shutting our borders is right either . 
  i think people want that as mostly a reaction to the huge waves in the 60 's . 
  i think what you are describing as rednecks is gon na start declining as the generations pass . 
  whatever you decide voting good luck . 
  if i 'm being completely honest i want pvv to get as little votes as possible because i think they 're too dangerous . 
  but i hope whatever the next government is that they will listen to the pvv supporters . 
  yeah i did n't mean i was literally zero racist but i meant i think i have a pretty wide world view . 
  no one can be unbiased for anything i do agree on that . 
  the averages usually only difference really little though . 
  so saying immigrants are rednecks is a little exaggerated . 
  but interesting discussion with a future pvv voter . 
  i really want to stress that i 'm not trying to guilt you by saying you might have a racist view . 
  im just saying what i see and in the end you 're the better judge . 
  the difference between japan and western europe is abysmal . 
  it could easily be attributed to a better education . 
  as for lower intelligence peoples like in africa and the middle east , well they have a much worse education system . 
  generalising a population as redneck types and dismissing the smart ones as not representative is just not right . 
  i live in the hague and i know so many white red neck types . 
  any population has it 's fair share of smart and stupid . 
  https://iq-research.info/en/page/average-iq-by-country# i really do n't want to offend you but i think the view you have of people is a little racist . 
  i really do n't want to offend you or anything . 
  the reason i am not racist is because i come from an extremely multicultural background . 
  my mom is an american with some south american and european roots and my dad is a dutchman . 
  on top of that i lived in south america and africa most of my life . 
  what i have noticed is that people are just the same . 
  science backs this up as well . 
  the genetical differences between human races are incredibly miniscule . 
  where i think you can make discrimination is on cultures . 
  i think some cultures are more advanced than others in some ways . 
  for example take the western culture . 
  here we have a culture that is super advanced on human rights compared to the islamic culture . 
  i think it 's important not to think we as people are more advanced just our culture and society is . 
  i do n't think immigrants are inherently less intelligent than native dutchies . 
  there is a slight difference in school performance because of language etc , but on average all humans are roughly the same . 
  of course there are lots of dumb immigrants , but there are many dumb dutch people as well . 
  official comment rater, 
  i do n't think wilders is a mild nationalist . 
  banning the quran is pretty extreme . 
  banning new mosques is pretty extreme . 
  future generations only feel less and less connection to their homeland . 
  i go to uni and most of my foreign classmates carry european values more than anything else . 
  the problems we see right now are because we had really bad integration programs when the big waves of workers arrived in the 60 's . 
  i do n't think the eu is the only thing that let us have peace but it sure helped . 
  how do you think it endangers it ? 
  i do n't think any eu countries are going to wage war against each other . 
  but i also think it 's too risky to vote for wilders because he probably wo n't take us out of the eu .
