  if enough people think that way he will be able to do it and we will have a second trump over here . 
  the reason there are few parties that have the same vision as wilders is because the experts of those subjects give the opposite advice . 
  it 's like having a pro coal and fossil fuel party when we are obviously experiencing global warming . 
  i think breaking it down and then rebuilding it could be an option , but not in these times . 
  trump and russia are posing threats right now . 
  they would benefit so much from a divided europe . 
  the white house and russia will probably do a lot to try to swing the elections in france and germany . 
  and i think the eu has a lot of flaws but the benefits are way bigger . 
  the eu has allowed europe to experience peace the longest it has in it 's history and not to mention the negotiating power a united europe gives us . 
  i think the eu needs to change a lot and not just accept refugees like they are now . 
  a lot of people obviously do n't like it . 
  do n't you think we need to strengthen the eu instead of leaving it ? 
  the netherlands makes a lot of money thanks to being in the eu and wilders wants out . 
  i can find myself in his anti islamic messages but far as i see his economic policies look like garbage . 
  if the dutch acted weakly here it could have been very beneficial to the pvv . 
  still think it 's a big problem there are enough 3rd generation turks that feel turkish enough to protest . 
  i ca n't imagine how they 're justifying turkey 's actions . 
  if that was a reference to a program on television then i thinks it 's very dishonest to say it as if it was an attack . 
  someone who did n't read anything would just think he was talking about an attack . 
  100 % correct ? 
  what happened last night in sweden . 
  `` vat da fak '' hydraulic-press man, 
  the song of populism will sing no more, 
  let 's hope we do n't do the same as brexit and trump . 
  as far as i understand he would n't be able to become prime minister anyways , of extremely unlikely even if he won . 
  how do you not see it back ???? 
  lose your job for a while ? 
  government grants you benefits need surgery ? 
  government pays for it want to send your kids to school ? 
  government financed schools oh yeah wait do you not want your country to flood ?? 
  government also takes care of that if you want to pay less taxes the rich will get richer and the poor will get poorer , just look at the us or the uk . 
  enourmous income inequality partially because we have a welfare state . 
  by cutting welfare the lazy wo n't get benefits but so wo n't any normal people either . 
  the answer to not giving benefits to the lazy is not cutting everyone else 's benefits , including yours . 
  also , the amount of benefits the lazy could take advantage of is really small . 
  look at this by far most of it goes to pensions ( which you will be enjoying as well ) and people who literally ca n't work because of health concerns . 
  you ca n't control when you get a heart attack or many other diseases . 
  let 's say you were born with a chronic disease . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  what society can do for you is either help you or let you die . 
  i agree that we should n't be giving benefits to the lazy or at least as easily , but i do not think it 's fair to take benefits away from those who really need it because your ego tells you not everyone is paying their fair share . 
  some people are not fortunate enough to be able to pay the same share you do , but that is what society is for . 
  if you were the one needing help , or when you need help . 
  society will help you . 
  it 's like not buying insurance maybe in the short term you could benefit but in the long term you will most likely be harming yourself and others . 
  our russian comrades in the fsb . 
  i loled at that . 
  maybe if he was from a muslim country they could xd, 
  i was always half dutch but i moved here a few years ago , also belgian fries are a lot better . 
  when i moved here i started trying it . 
  it really is n't half bad , but i still like appelmoes better . 
  wait a national sozialist ? 
  and yes that is where the word nazi comes from, 
  lol i did n't even know this . 
  i just said it a few times in class and people started laughing so why not . 
  xd thanks for understanding my joke better than me though :p, 
  i 'm telling you there 's no dutch people in the netherlands and here is the proof !, 
  lol i never knew this . 
  thanks for sharing, 
  weird that wikipedia says it was occupied by vikings . 
  i think it 's funny that frisia was home to vikings , and now they have a flag with hearts . 
  i think you are overgeneralising too much . 
  there are plenty of muslim men who only want muslim women , and also plenty of white men who only want foreign girls . 
  too bad we ca n't step outside without getting raped every second . 
  this rape epidemic really sucks !, 
  it 's absolutely horrendous and a hate crime . 
  i really do not want to defend this in any way , but do you think that these people represent the pakistani culture more than if white men had done this to foreign children ? 
  oh yeah i heard about that . 
  that 's horrible . 
  i 'm not going to defend that . 
  any idea why it 's pakistanis ? 
  i do think it 's morally the `` right '' thing to do , but it seems it came back to bite them in the ass now . 
  it 's just retarded to compare sweden to 3rd world african countries in terms of rape or crime . 
  it doesnt have to be often for it to have a substantial effect , also there are many other cases where rape is repeated . 
  think along the lines of children at school or at home . 
  there are also many cases in which the victim wo n't speak out out of fear . 
  dude where ? 
  where is this rape epidemic ? 
  yes people get raped and the only reason sweden is being called the rape capital of the world is because of their broad description of it . 
  let me put this simple . 
  a person can be raped multiple times , so if a woman if married to a husband who raped her for a year or something sweden will count each individual time as rape . 
  that does not fucking mean 300 people were raped . 
  nice source trumpet, 
  someone make a meme out of this here : https://i.redd.it/uf0e1bq8z0hy.jpg, 
  sources i looked at : https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/26/us/trump-illegal-immigrants-crime.html?_r=0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/immigrants-do-not-increase-crime-research-shows/ and so many more ... if anyone can give me any statistics that support a rape epidemic that are not from breitbart or muslimstatistics.wordpress.com you are welcome to, 
  we did n't want those stinky hillbillies anyways / s, 
  thats why we have to make ourselves great again !!!, 
  damn those employed cucks paying for taxes !!!, 
  by far in what metric ? 
  it 's a bit higher in gdp but it 's not ` by far ' . 
  i 'm saying there 's a chance that if the uk starts going along with trump that 's what we might be seeing . 
  i 'm not against brexit or the uk , but like i said fuck trump . 
  i 'm just respectfully implying that things can change . 
  i did not argue any of the points you made because they are valid . 
  so whatever get triggered or something, 
  i mean no disrespect to the brave brits and my ancestors who fought the wars that allow me to have a comfortable life in a just country , but people change . 
  countries and alliances change . 
  the men that fought the wars are not the same men and women in charge of the uk . 
  what i see is a political movement in america and the uk which seems very similar . 
  and maybe a few years down the line the world will be a lot less stable than it is now and you never know what is going to happen .
