  there are n't any black blocks passport in use . 
  yes , most of the work is done in commission . 
  the only time you see a lot of mps in the room are during important votes and during the questions to the government . 
  he has cheat codes activated . 
  but there is a majority of mp in the spd+g r\u00fcne + linke so the law can pass without a single cdu mp voting for it . 
  as i understand , the law passes only now because merkel has authorized the spd to do it without breaking the coalition . 
  maybe there it 's an oversea problem because i 'm pretty sure we 're at 66 millions in 2017 . 
   outside of election times, 
  because we invaded them maybe ? 
  honestly , i 'm done with that !, 
  he was both . 
   gosh , sometimes i really hate my country why do you hate europe ? 
  i do n't think anyone cares about the senatorials except the senators themselves . 
  i 'm not going to change my views because you do n't like it . 
  but you have more chance to die in a non-democracy without terrorism ( a hypothetical case , in reality it would not fix the problem , it would maybe be worse ) than in a democracy now . 
  which it is , by far . 
  the biggest threat of terrorism has never been the life losses ( which are anectodical ) but the loss of democracy and rule of law with new safety laws such as the one our dear president wants to put in place . 
  i hope `` navy seals '' and `` al-quaeda '' are switched for cohernece 's sake . 
  it seems like an interesting language honestly . 
  but you do n't understand how immigration works . 
  most economists agree that immigration has a positive effect on welfare funding . 
  i know that in france , immigrants pay more in tax and healthcare than they receive in benefits . 
  they still produce more value than your 1.2 lazy children per woman . 
  do n't go complain in 30 years when your economy collapses with the lack of freedom of movement . 
  lol wtf ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  who 's gon na pay for your retirement ? 
  is it not true ? 
  i know , and i think the focus on the degree over the experience or the competence is one of the biggest problem of the french labor market . 
  even though zuck and gates are exceptions . 
  in general , you should not drop out of harvard if you want a higher paying job . 
  s a l t ? 
  a l t ? 
  most of the terrorists are homegrown . 
  correlation = !, 
  causation.the current terrorist wave is largely caused by the civil war in syria , and so is the migration crisis . 
  italy is still a g7 member and the 3rd economy of the eurozone . 
  if does n't make the cut for the euro , then neither does any country except half of the northern europe circlejerk . 
  it can be useful , but having this kind of growth in the middle of the boom cycle means the country have deeper problem than that . 
  keynesianism only work at the height of a crisis imo . 
  the current labor laws in france are set up to favour insiders over unskilled and unemployed workers and big companies over smaller and newer one . 
  the plan is to make france look closer to denmark or sweden , which are not capitalist hellhole for workers as far as i know . 
  not * much * higher . 
  it 's about the same or slighly higher , with a much better public service quality . 
  i think it 's because a master is not a very high diploma in france , and you do n't go very far with just a license , the equivalent of a bachelor . 
  202 years ago was fought the battle of ligny , napoleon 's last victory ever . 
  actually the original lingua franca was a trade language spoken by the merchants of the mediteranean sea . 
  it was a mix of french , italian , arabic and other languages . 
  it got the name `` franca '' because the byzantines and arabs used the term `` frankish '' to designate the people from western europe , not just the french . 
  an other reason would be that these two are among the least populated nations in the world , they 're located at the other side of the planet and they do n't have anything to do with each other . 
  so it 's no wonder that establishing a diplomatic relationship is not the priority for either of those states . 
  the vatican stopped being in conflict with the non-catholic countries a long time ago . 
  do n't go that far . 
  if you rely on an elected official to decide for your entire economy , it will be in an even worse shape than the classical technocratic ones . 
  but anyway , thinking that a state which own all of the means of production can be democratic is , um , optimistic . 
   the entire point being that it should not be up to a privileged few to decide what companies get money . 
  oh boy , you will not like a state-run economy then !, 
  private economy works better than any state-run economy ever . 
  and investors have a very important role in choosing in which company to invest , a role the state can not fulfill . 
  you can loose a lot of money really quickly if you make unwiqe investments . 
  i do n't think automation is as efficient as you think it is . 
  as long as humans and ia are distinguishible , there will be a need for human workers . 
  as for the rest , i agree that it is something the state needs to do , jut you still need a working private economy to power all of this . 
  what do we do once all the large fortunes have been `` reclaimed '' ? 
  so , macron 's program ? 
  this time it 's different . 
  because of the very low turnout , i think there is only one or two 3-way run-off . 
  but by doing this , you 're excluding the poorest category of the population , thee unemployed , to accede to a job and better their situation . 
  there are no stakes . 
  everyone know who will win , the only question is how big the new majority will be . 
  and i think the presidential election got discussed quite a lot on this sub . 
  our governments definitely trust each other more than any other country , and we 're each other main ( or almost ) economic partner , so i 'm definitely hopeful for the future . 
  definitely not up there . 
  a germanophobe candidate got 19 % in the election . 
  we love you too < 3, 
  charlie hebdo knows too well that this is not an `` english multicultaralism '' problem . 
  but in english , american refers exclusively to the residents of the usa . 
  why would that be a mistake ? 
  monarchy ! = dictatorship, 
  i know ireland is cheaper than france or germany in gerneral . 
  where i live ( not paris ) 8 $ get you a burger with fries and soda and that 's it . 
  wtf ? 
  we do n't have to kill each other though . 
  maybe playing football will be enough to satisfy our tribal needs . 
  i did . 
  genocide is fucking expensive . 
  they do actually but i do n't want to break your circlejerk too much . 
  thank you  i think people are too pessimistic on this site . 
  there will definitely be tribes , obviously . 
  we will just be too interconnected that we wo n't kill each other though . 
  the only way france is vanishing is by being integrated in the europe superstate , and i hope it will take less than 100 years, 
  15 years of intensive bombing has not stop terrorism , so i 'm not sure what kid 's glove you 're talking about . 
  and i always found naive the idea that leaders are all perfectly rational beings who are only after their material interest . 
  being a terrorist , even at the highest level , is really not the best career if you want to become wealthy . 
  the best example is ben laden who abandonned a billionaire lifestyle to go hide in a house in the middle of nowhere , pakistan , while praying everyday that today is not the day the navy seals find him . 
  maintain your heritage ! = being afraid than a few percent of the population is less white than you are . 
  and that 's exactly the objective of the terrorists . 
  murdering people is just a mean to an end for them . 
  the goal is to push the `` us vs them '' narrarive into a global-scale war to fulfill their little fantasy about the giant battle between the forces of good and evil ( tm ) . 
  anyone who comply with their narrative is an accomplice to the terrorists .
