  also a quick note : just like i ca n't call everyone i do n't like a socialist , pllease stop calling everyone you do n't like a neoliberal . 
  words have meaning you know . 
  because french trains do n't have a good track record ( hehe ) when it comes to punctuality . 
  the ps could n't have survive as a major party if they stayed true to their 1970 's party line . 
  even someone you probably would n't consider to be a true socialist like hamon made a disastrous score at the election ( partly ) because he is too left-wing . 
  the rising channel despite the media 's silence . 
  interesting view . 
  very selfless of you to weaken your country in the short term to better create a country you 'll never be a part of . 
  luckily it 's a french tram , so no chances of it happening . 
  having nothing interesting in the news is a good problem to have imo . 
  i 'm sure syrians never miss a news report in between bombings . 
  so you understand that just because someone does n't want to seize the means of production means he 's a ( neo ) liberal , right ? 
  there are more nuance to it . 
  fine . 
  these people are haram under your particular definition of socialism . 
  but you ca n't say mitterand was neoliberal when he implemented none of the necessary reform to modernize the french society . 
  and no , privatizations does n't count . 
  he did have communist minsters . 
  and the reforms that have been done in some european coutries in the 90 's ( britain , germany , sweden , etc. ), 
  have never been completed in france . 
  hopefully macron will be the one to do that . 
  it 's one of the least liberal country in the developped world . 
  he dismantled nothing . 
  our labor code is still one of the longest in the world . 
  glad you liked it !, 
  what was your favorite part ? 
  it 's not a new thing . 
  south-east is fnland since the 80 's at least . 
  honestly , his views are much closer to le pen . 
  i would n't be surprise if he does n't endorse anyone . 
  but france has never stop spending more since fucking 1945 . 
  maybe your very accurate diagnostic proves that dumping money into everything is not the best course of action . 
  not u/citronbleu but still frenchman . 
  a macron/le pen run off has always been the most probable outcome so it 's the safest choice , yes . 
  but keep in mind that the poll were extremely close , and only bet what you can afford to loose . 
  you mean the refugee camp that was closed several time under different governments ? 
   malecron you managed to somehow trigger the entire french political spectrum with one word . 
  this question was so weird . 
  it was the exact same 6 answers . 
  nice try , angela . 
  polls do n't give chances . 
  lots of old people and pieds-noirs ( french born in algeria during the colonial days ) who mainly vote on the right . 
  plus , this region is historically the biggest stronghold of the front national . 
  most polls are done on the internet nowadays , so the `` shy torry '' is less of a factor . 
  such is life . 
  who does that ? 
  sometimes american are a little obsessive with there flag but do we reammy mock them every time they raise it ? 
  he 's already viewed as the candidate of europe . 
  this fla waving was actually a strategic move to appeal to his core voters . 
  the flag is way older than the russian federation though . 
   marseille , france . 
  a little city t r i g g e r e d but seriously , awesome job , hope you had a good time here . 
  the european flag is put next to the french flag in pretty much any situation . 
  he fights putin so much he wants to quit nato and let russia run wild in the baltic states . 
  it 's a bit weird but they 're both adult now so we do n't really care . 
  out of curiosity , who do you think is seen as the greatest german ruler ? 
  fillon supporters are mostly very loyal lr voters who wo n't accept to vote for someone with a centrist/center-left agenda like macron . 
   u.s.s. 
  i believe it was che gevara . 
  it 's still the language most people on reddit ( and in europe ) understand . 
  and ireland is still in the eu as far as i know . 
  i do n't know how it is in other countries , but in france , almost nobody talks about europe during the european election , that 's why the fn ended up with a majority of seats . 
  a transnational election with pan-european lists could make people finally care about the union . 
  it kind of does already . 
  3000 $ is more thab enough to live in paris or london . 
  go check r/neoliberal if you do n't know it yet , 
   being a neoliberal utopia ftfy, 
  the flexible labour market . 
  but the ranking that u/ampersand55 linked to says that germany 's gini score ( inequality indicator ) is at the same level as france and way below ( meaning better than ) the uk . 
  do you think it acurately represents the situation on the ground ? 
  why though ? 
  our geopolitical interest almost always align with the other european states , and it will be even more the case if/when we achieve european integration . 
  is this a case of gaullist national pride or are there real reasons behind it ? 
  i 'm not a fan of the female master , especially because she first appeared in what is arguably the worst season of new who . 
  also , nowadays , people are probably more familiar with john simm as the master , and to me his interpretation is the most iconic of all . 
  what do you mean by `` sister-language '' ? 
  i believe kaamelott is the best thing ever produced by the french television . 
  it lasted for about one year then everyone got so tired of it they guillotinned robespierre , the guy in charge . 
  it did not leave a big legacy on the country . 
  i 've never heard anyone saying the revolution failed . 
  what is the argument , that monarchy eventually came back ? 
  yes , it does ... 
  plus , if you do n't know any better , it makes sense to not pronounce the `` s '' at the end in french, 
  * germany 's political system * sweden 's public service * britain 's business freedom * portugal 's drug policy, 
  i think the consensus culture is what i really envy from germany . 
  in france , you could never see the right and left on the same government . 
  also , i have the feeling that the political climate is much less toxic in germany than in france . 
  but what is it that you do n't like about the german system ? 
  i 'm really interested . 
  de lesquen is our version of the westboro baptist church . 
  more funny than scary honestly . 
  for france , you have to differanciate the overseas departments ( guadeloupe , la r\u00e9union , etc. ), 
  and the overseas territories ( nouvelle-cal\u00e9donie , polyn\u00e9sie , etc. ) . 
  overseas departments are like hawai or alaska , they 're physically detached from the metropolis , but they still feel like the same country , only poorer . 
  they have some special laws and caracteristics , but not more autonomy than the `` normal '' departments . 
  overseas territories have their own parliement , can decide most of their laws and have a much more active independantist groups ( mainly nouvelle-cal\u00e9donie ), 
  we only hear about switzerland when for tax evasions or when we beat them at football . 
  yes there are . 
  where is the left ? 
  i see , thanks !,
