  genocide is too costly and the earth too large to be executed on a global scale . 
  edit for english, 
  i agree tbh . 
  we 're trying . 
  150 years ? 
  probably a global connected civilisation with a common global culture . 
  in a few decades ? 
  a similar culture with a slightly different ethnic composition that should not affect you unless you 're racist . 
  we can change x , and we have very good reason to not change y. 
  and the solution you 're ( probably ) proposing is not the right one and would be a defeat for our civilization . 
  but free trade is a ne benefit for society . 
  on the long term , cheaper steel will be benefitial for other industries too ( and it does n't matter if an industry is manufacruring or service or something else , as long as it makes money ) . 
  but we need to compensate the looser of free trade ( the steel workers ) with proper policies , like retraining for example . 
  he failed the ens exam fyi , but he did go to science po then ena , so he was still an excellent student . 
  the fn is not really pro-europe . 
  dark ages is a bullshit concept anyway, 
  being prime minster of luxembourg is line being the mayor of a normal-sized city , so ... 
  yes , probably . 
  weekly ? 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's cheaper and quicker to drive to the destination to give the letter and come back . 
   every letter go to paris and them back . 
  it is thus cheaper for the french state to send a letter to paris from tournai than to lille , just a few kms away . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not true . 
  french mail boxes have two entries , one for the letters to the same region ( or department i do n't remember ) and one to the rest of the world . 
  so what i think happens is that there is a regional mail center and a national one , probably in paris . 
  although it is worrying , this party is just one more micro-party like the hundreds we already have . 
  there is no chance that any of the candidates will get a non-negligeable amount of voters . 
  but not 100 % of teachers speak dutch . 
  even in france , we have masters degree in english . 
  it kind of is if he pulls it off . 
  other president have attempted to do that but the retirees and public servants have always been the sacred cow of french politics . 
  macron has been elected to do just that . 
  economics is his main selling point . 
  he wants to change labour laws to make it more flexible and displace some of the tax burden from private workers to public workers and retirees . 
  well , japan is a constitutional monarchy . 
  does the emperor of japan outrank the queen then ? 
  ok that one is funny, 
  it sounds really bad the way you say it but it 's really the most rational reasonning . 
  she 's born in neuilly and her family comes from britanny . 
  turns out justice is slow when you 're not in an election . 
  totally , but we are not gon na reinforce the border with italy ( we already do too much i think ) . 
  europe is more important than your immigration problem , 
  the sea ? 
  interesting , i always thought le drian requested to move to foreign affairs . 
  i hope his relations with macron are not too bad . 
  so hulot is not affiliated to any party ( he used to be in the greens but i do n't think it 's the case anymore ) . 
  radical left in this context does n't mean far left but center left , a bit like what `` radical centre '' is in the uk . 
  the two radical minsters are the agriculture minster and the overseas territories minster . 
  even closer to m\u00e9lenchon i 'd say . 
  no lol , there is no relation with the internet connection device . 
  it 's an acronym for mouvement d\u00e9mocrate ( democratic movement ) . 
  i see . 
  but did n't english picked it up from french/franco-norman ? 
  just like `` war '' , but it came through french . 
  ok this one is funny . 
  the amternative would be to do like the socialists and wait for all your politicians and voters to be dragged by en marche while doing nothing . 
  we 're both wrong . 
  apparently it 's marseille , and le havre is 2nd ( nantes comes 5th or 6th ) . 
  marseille is my city , i ca n't believe i forgot that !, 
  i understand the reasoning for carbon tax , but what is socially destructive about hft ? 
  why tax hft in particular ? 
  what is the difference for you between paying national tax and paying eu tax ? 
  i do n't think le havre is decaying , after all , it is the biggest port in france and has really benefited from globalization . 
  also , we 're automatically qualified , so we really do n't care who we 're sending ? 
  oh i agree . 
  but to me p\u00e9tain is a symbol for collaboration and everything bad france did during the occupation . 
  his name is a reminder that * we fucked up too *, 
  and it makes it ok because ? 
  most comedy shows do n't translate well , and we do n't produce a lot already . 
  i am required by law to bring kaamelott whenever someone ask for a french comedy tv show , so check it out , there is probably a translated version somewhere . 
  what are his bad ideas about borders ? 
  increase cooperation between shengen countries ? 
  earliest time means when the greeks and roman started writing stuffs , because nothing happened before . 
  it 's not polan anymore , it 's a fuckin ' pokeball !, 
  sometimes words hurt as much as a goal during overtime . 
  even the terrorists do n't care about portugal :(, 
  yes , actually . 
  you ca n't just put numbers out of your ass and call it an argument . 
  why the downvote ? 
  it 's true , they endorsed each other during their respective campaign . 
  source ? 
  i believe you but i 'm interested to learn more . 
  is it the reason of the demographic decline in the early 20th century ? 
  not really , but kinda . 
  with a friendly parliement , the president is basically a king . 
  oh it 's definitely the same thing in france . 
  i said accusations because there have been no judgement thus far ( le pen refused to be heard by the police or the judge , invoking her member of european parliement priviledges ( lol ) ) but i have no doubt that she will be convicted for what she did . 
  there are very legit accusations that le pen 's party stole 5 million $ from the european parliement , so no , i do n't think her e-mails would be very clean . 
  you must really be commited to democracy if you wait hours in the cold to vote blank . 
  and the police , bus stops , charity 's offices , etc. 
  which flag would be more appropriate ? 
  they 're voting le pen because they want job . 
  a consolidation of the eu seems to be a good way to give them that . 
  i do n't think m\u00e9lenchon could have won either way . 
  despite an excellent campaign , he never reached above 20 % , and there were just too many differences between his and hamon 's program ( on euro and foreign policy mainly ) . 
  even if he had reached the runoff , he would have almost no voter report against macron . 
  but i guess we 'll never know for sure . 
  what i know is that a majority of french are against far-left policies . 
  the overton window have moved too much since the 1970 's .
