is he the polish morgan freeman ? 
  reddit m ' a conditionn\u00e9 . 
  giving how estonia , lithuania and latvia are full members of nato , i 'll would say this region is pretty safe for the moment . 
  it 's very usual for france to do the same mistakes america does , but years later . 
  even though you 're right , the poll was done by ifop , which is a pretty legit poll agency . 
  and le figaro is not that bad , i never heard them cheating with the polls . 
  france is supposed to have a deficit below 3 % gdp since 15 years at least , and i do n't see any sanction . 
  a lot of politicians are making their own failure as brussels ' fault . 
  however , member nations can disregard what brussels says if they want so it balances it out . 
  why does a german party advertize in britain ? 
  they plan for another invasion ? 
  although it seems like this kind of laws only has benefits ( who will defend neo-nazis and negationists ? 
  ) , it is very dangerous to legislate on history , and it is no wonder that most historians are against those laws . 
  * history is a science , and as such , is always susceptible to revisions . 
  i usually take the exemple of the katyn massacre , perpetrated by the nkvd against thousands of polish officers in 1939 . 
  it was though to be a nazi-made massacre until the 60 's , when historians proved it was perpetrated by the soviets . 
  if memorial laws existed at the time , it would have been illegal to contest the responsibility of the germans , and we would have remained ignorant about a major point of history . 
  * maybe more importantly , it has no effect . 
  it even reinforces the targeted opinions , with the whole martyr effect . 
  you never see a holocaust denier shut up after being fined , maybe they will speak less loud at best . 
  and you do n't see more of these kind of speech in country with no legislation about it either . 
  plus it would definitely kill the ps , which is on life support at this point . 
  i personally prefer the plus-shaped stars of the other flag , even though they 're less accurate . 
  i do n't know what happens , the other flag next to the void looks much better . 
  rip europe :( we could have achieved great things but we 're being taken over by fascists . 
  maybe it 's the opposite . 
  a macron victory without the support of any socialist big name would surely have ment the end of the ps . 
  maybe the direct support from valls and the indirect support from hollande ( through le drian and co. ) is a way of bringing macron back into the party , while purging hamon 's left-wing . 
  meeting foreign leaders increase your credibilty , it shows that they 're taking you seriously , so the voters should take you seriously too . 
  plus , foreign affairs are a big part of this year 's election , and meeting with a head of state reafirm your diplomatic orientation . 
  that 's why you see macron with merkel and and le pen with putin but never the other way around . 
  do n't forget that a russian spy just became president of the united states . 
  noone is arguing for a hyper-centralized european state , it would n't be functional anyway . 
  we want europe to become a sovereign federation , with a common defense and diplomacy , and maybe a federal police service for special cases . 
  but most decisions about health , education , etc. 
  will still be handled by the member states . 
  just the first link i found when googling `` m\u00e9lenchon allemagne '' : http://www.liberation.fr/france/2015/05/08/allemagne-la-voie-d-exces-de-melenchon_1300068 and essentially you 're saying that he wants to quit the european union . 
  the word was `` transparent '' . 
  but i 'm not sure it has the same figurative sense in english . 
  invisible would be a better english translation . 
  what are the differences between merkel and schultz on europe ? 
  m\u00e9lenchon is definitely not pro-europe . 
  he is a notorious germanophobe , he does n't care about russian expensionism and his `` plan a/plan b '' thingy is basically an ultimatum that would lead france to leave the eu . 
  i like that sweden and norway are two nordic lesbians, 
  it 's a really ugly flag . 
  funny that the biggest push is made by the guy who did not participate to the debate , 
  hong kong was for a while the only entry to the chinese market . 
  what the fuck is of any interest in polynesia ? 
  well there are several opinions expressed in the article , and the whole thing lack references , so i would n't think too much of it . 
  about the ethiopian jews , i think there are still debates about their ethnic origins and the `` pureness '' of their jewish blood ( whatever it means ) . 
  but as far as the israeli state is concerned , the beta israel community is as jewish as any rabbi from poland , and i think this is the closest to an authority you can find . 
  yes , that 's what i was saying . 
  arab jews are jews who live ( d ) in arab countries . 
  they 're still ethnically jewish . 
  emmigrating en masse is a big word . 
  we see a few thousand jews leaving france every year , but a lot of them come back after a few years , and i 'm not sure there is a decrease in the overall population . 
  arab jew is a weird word . 
  you 're maybe referring to jews living in arab countries , but i do n't know about any ethnically arab community who converted to judaism . 
  french jews were victims of the holocaust too . 
  the large number of jews is due to the decolonisation of north africa ( mainly algeria ) in the 1960 's . 
  there is a difference ?? 
  ok i just checked and i said bullshit , u/cimarafa was right . 
  philipot was outed by a shady gossip magazine , but he did confirm he is gay . 
  i do n't like this guy 's ideas , but i do think it 's pretty great that we live in a society where this sort of things does no harm to a political career . 
  i 'm pretty sure he agreed to be outed . 
  paris match is not known for stealing pictures . 
  it 's happening in france too , where fn 's n \u00b0 2 florian phillipot is openly gay . 
  and i think i heard some remarks from the pro-trump camp on how the lgbt community was endangered by islam after the orlando nightclub massacre . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  more jpeg pliz . 
  but seriously do you have a high res version of this map ? 
  honestly , you 're okay if you do n't live in a sensitive neighbourhood . 
  and even then , everyone murdered is related to drugs . 
  every party uses bank loans to fund themselves , but i do n't want to talk to much about it , i 'm not an expert . 
  and yes , en marche will present candidates in the next legislatives , that 's why i think we can calm it a party . 
  macron is not a part of the socialist primary , and has created his own party `` en marche '' . 
  he gets his funding from bank loans , private donators and from the future public funding he will likely get after the election . 
  it 's not his ideas ( i do n't believe ideas have a definitive right/left inclination ) but the words he uses . 
  he constantly talk about being progressive , about wanting equality and protection of the weak . 
  those words look to me like typical european social-democratic talk , think sweden or denmark . 
  yeah no ... first of all , fillon is n't `` ultra-liberal '' , he is a true conservative , something we french have n't seen prominently since the 50 's . 
  he does n't want to bankrupt the state or end the system , he just wants to bring balance and rigor in all of this ( if you ask me , his program is still very mild ) . 
  second of all , mlp 's first electoral issue is n't the economy , europe or the immigrants , it 's the corruption of the politicians , the `` tous pourris '' ( all rotten ) attitude . 
  and contrary to jupp\u00e9 and sarkozy , fillon does n't have any major judiciary scandal , but the image of a clean and honest politician . 
  finally , i do n't know what was the importance of the catholic right for le pen 's vote share ( probably much less than for her father ) , but it 's definitely gone to fillon now , with the official endorsement by the manif pour tous . 
  although they 're both technically on the left , m\u00e9lenchon and macron could n't be more further apart , ideologically speaking . 
  now while valls and macron could find a common ground , valls feel betrayed by macron 's resignation from the government this summer ( he was the minister of economy and valls is the pm ) . 
  cassus belli against britain : they left the empire . 
  thanks for your political insight . 
  so le pen is on the left of macron ? 
  i 'm sure there is already a rue zidane or a lyc\u00e9e platini somewhere . 
  such is lyfe . 
  best sci-fi movie ever . 
  even you admit who is the rightful owner of this wine . 
  probabbly because there are more men in vocational school ? 
  france does n't identify with any pre-revolution image anymore . 
  a [ cocarde ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=cocarde&amp;rlz=1c1awfc_enfr752fr752&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjomp2p843vahubj1akht0mbviq_auicigb&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=735&amp;dpr=1.25 ) would have been easier to make , but not very original . 
  although not as offensive as the swastika , the fleur-de-lys is an anti-republican symbol and has disappeared from all of our national heraldry . 
  such is life . 
  you ca n't exactly check if people are anarchists at the gate of the city .
