  i 'd say these reasons are enough to desire the independence . 
  also , about your quote , do n't you think that having that much deficit ( which equals to about 16.000 million $ every year , about 8 % of catalonia 's gdp ) is way too much to happily give away to spain ? 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't want to live in a country in which the government is forced to adopt severe austerity measures just because another country wants to steal money from it . 
  because i consider that a theft . 
  anyway , even if you do n't accept our reasons to want the independence , you ca n't deny that there is a problem currently in catalonia , and spain 's government is n't doing anything to fix it , so the only way out is to fix it for ourselves , and we ca n't to that unless we become independent . 
  it 's a little bit of everything . 
  some people want independence because of patriotic reasons , these are the traditional pro-independence movements that have been existing since the 20th century . 
  but the majority of the people who vote for independence do so because since spain became a democratic country ( in the 70s ) , catalonia has tried to make economical agreements with spain , and the central government has never taken into account the desires of the catalan people . 
  for example , in 2006 there was a majority in catalonia who voted for the estatut , and the spanish government of the time ( the left-wing psoe with zapatero as president ) promised he would vote yes to it , but ended up modifying it a lot ( by that i mean they cut a lot of its laws and functions , do n't know how to exactly say that in english ) . 
  this caused us to be angry at the spanish government , and artur mas in 2010 promised to achieve a fiscal agreement with the spanish government . 
  he won the elections , and went to madrid to negotiate with rajoy , but he only encountered one answer : no to everything . 
  right after that , there was a massive demonstration of 1.5 million people , in the 11th of september 2012 to claim for independence , because they realized that catalonia 's desires could never be fulfilled while being a part of spain . 
  since then , we still have received no other answer from madrid aside from no to everything : we tried to negotiate a referendum to see how many people wanted independence , but it was forbidden , unlike in scotland or quebec . 
  aside from that , a lot of people have become pro-independence because of the behaviour of many , many spanish politicians and journalists . 
  we are called nazis daily because we just want to vote . 
  they say we have divided catalonia in two parts ( which is not true , as there have always been an independence move , but only now it has gained strength ) . 
  they also say that we are all retarded and that mas has brainwashed us , that an independent catalonia would be completely disconnected from europe , and a lot of other awful things towards us . 
  apart from just words of hatred , since this independence move started gaining strength in 2012 , spain ( and more specifically the right-wing party pp ) has begun to approve laws to re-centralise spain ( like the controversial lomce , the new education law ) . 
  so , to be short , we basically want to solve the problems we 've had with spain for decades , and now it has become clear that the only way to do that is by becoming an independent state . 
  as for my position in all this , i do n't hate spain as a country , but i hate the spanish government for doing all these things i said before . 
  i have always wanted independence ( although i 'm quite young ) for patriotic reasons , but i 'd be completely okay with being a part of spain if they agreed to negotiate * something * with us ( as an example , we are the 16 % of spain 's population , but our taxes are 20 % of spain 's , but we only receive 10 % of spain 's inversions ) . 
  i hope i made my point clear ( sorry for the long post ! ), 
  and i 'll be willing to answer any questions . 
  i agree with what / u/cosarara97 said . 
  though i do n't really like the eu , as they are a bit against catalonia becoming a new country, 
  best thing is that this is the 4th year we do this . 
  and people do n't get tired to demonstrate on the streets !, 
  yes you 're right , i 'm only talking about the ones that want independence from spain , sorry for the confusion . 
  no , because the eu does n't have a mechanism to take the membership away from citizens that already have it . 
  they want to be a part of catalonia , or the `` pa\u00efsos catalans '' ( catalan countries/lands ), 
  no need to be so rude man . 
  if you have solid arguments just tell them without insulting anyone . 
  come on , it 's not that hard . 
  to this day i do n't know anyone that speaks catalan but not spanish . 
  there are quite some people that only speak spanish though ( mostly immigrant people ) . 
  but i 'd say it 's impossible to be monolingual in catalan , the spanish language is just too widely used in all daily life aspects . 
  about valencia and balearic islands , their independence feeling still has n't developed nearly as much as catalonia 's , but they are slowly turning in the same direction . 
  in the last elections , this may , for the first time , pp ( a right-wing centralist party , completely against self-determination right ) did n't achieve absolute majority there , which is a first step . 
  i 'd say these regions are about 10 years behind catalonia , so in the future you may hear again about them . 
  i 'm actually a little worried . 
  the independence movement is starting to lose stamina , so i do n't think we will get to the seats we got in the 2012 elections . 
  plus , there are some pro-independence people that voted icv ( a party under the csqep candidature ) whose vote will not be taken into account when counting yes/no . 
  thank you for your kind words  i do n't know the culture differences in the balkans nor scandinavia , because unfortunately i 've never been there . 
  what 's true is that , although different , spanish and catalan cultures share some similarities . 
  keep in mind that there are a lot of people in catalonia that came from other parts of spain in the 60s , and also there 's quite a lot of international immigration too , so here the culture is diversified ( especially in barcelona , where all these different cultures coexist ) . 
  about the madrid hate , precisely because catalonia is one of the richest regions in spain , they should treat us like so and give us some benefits ( or at least , equality ) like in basque country , where they can manage their money as they like . 
  by neglecting us , spain has reached the point where we said stop and started all this process towards independence . 
  i do n't know such details , and to be honest they have n't been completely decided yet . 
  but on theory this plan will cover anything needed to achieve the complete independence . 
  i do n't fully know , but the catalan politicians have a 18-month plan to slowly disconnect from spain and gain our sobirany . 
  what i meant by saying that , though , is that even though spain has threatened us , and will definitely keep doing so if we win the elections . 
  the threats are only threats , and spain will not enforce anything to us , because they * ca n't * . 
  there are three main reasons . 
  the first one is that catalonia 's culture is quite different from spain 's . 
  many people here do n't identify themselves as spaniards , but rather as catalans . 
  these are the people that have traditionally wanted the independence ( not that many people ) . 
  the second one is how spain treats us . 
  it 's common knowledge that we give way more money to madrid than we receive ( about 16.000 million $ per year ) . 
  to put that into perspective , people here are very angry with the austerity measures that the catalan government have taken , and all these austerity measures combined have saved about 7.000 million $ . 
  so , if we were independent , the economic crisis would be over soon . 
  a few years ago we tried to negotiate with madrid , but to this day they keep saying no to everything we propose . 
  of course , the unstability created by the independence would last a few years , but after that we would be much better economically . 
  the third and final one is the hate we receive from spain . 
  not from its citizens ( most of them are actually awesome , and i have quite a lot of friends in different places of spain ) , but rather from its official institutions and media . 
  we are often treated as nazis , while we just try to hold a referendum while the spanish government honors the dictator franco . 
  there are many examples of this hate , and it makes you feel not wanted , but rather as a region that 's only useful to suck all the money from . 
  i hope i made my point clear , and please excuse any mistakes as english is not my mother language . 
  thank you !, 
  despite all the threats coming from spain , i feel the hardest part will be getting the majority of votes the 27th of september . 
  if we achieve that , i think everything else will fall into place . 
  because podemos is not in power , and is losing votes . 
  water is really cold now . 
  thanks !, 
  the link is in catalan because i could n't find it in english . 
  i will edit this post when i find one . 
  edit : here 's a [ link ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/spain-catalonia-parliament-vote-regional-leader-36198495 ) . 
  if you want to read more , you can click on / u/ramipro 's link . 
  well i think that eventually spain will have to accept a referendum , because if spain refuses to negotiate until the end , then catalonia can decide to not pay any of spain 's debt ( and the debt is at spain 's name , not the communities ) , which is impossible to assume by spain . 
  yay !, 
  it seems we will have an agreement at last . 
  i think we need mas in order to become independent . 
  i know many , many people that only voted for independence because mas was to become president . 
  well of course i 'm not gon na link a pp video, 
  are you sure ? 
  i do n't understand why you keep answering all these posts . 
  i tried for a long time but the people here does n't listen , so i just take their posts with humor . 
  you could also say that to rajoy , who has absolute majority with 44 % of the votes . 
  yes please , it will make the whole thing easier . 
  spain could have prevented this in many ways . 
  of course these kinds of people wo n't have a place in the new country . 
  that 's what people here want . 
  lots of people seem to not understand the basic rule of football : money . 
  if barcelona is making spain gain money ( actually , it 's making a lot ) , then spain will fight to keep fcb in the spanish league . 
  apparently the study that published this did n't include la sexta nor cuatro , do n't know why . 
  they both have more share than 8tv . 
  only tv3 and 8tv are from catalonia , the other ones are seen in all spain . 
  about the audience , in catalonia tv3 gets a 12,6 % , tve ( la 1 ) gets a 7,3 % , a3 and tele5 get a 11,7 % each , and 8tv gets a 3,5 % . 
  this data is from july so it is n't from the campaign but it is the most recent i could find . 
  the source is [ here ] ( http://www.idescat.cat/pub/?id=aec&amp;n=774 ) . 
  the source is [ here ] ( http://www.ara.cat/media/antena-afavorir-pp-campanya-del_0_1452454814.html ) .
