there is a spanish reddit ? 
  do n't give up either , good luck next week !, 
  the human flag was announced long time ago ( about may or june ) and since then people have signed up on the internet . 
  it was divided in about 70 segments of street of about 200 meters long and people said in which one they wanted to go . 
  also , people from outside barcelona went there with buses ( a lot of them ) and every region of catalonia had a segment assigned so this could be easier to organise . 
  hope this helped , 
  about the number of people : the v was 12 km long , and the two avenues are about 30 meters wide ( you can check it on google maps , the avenues were the diagonal and the gran via ) . 
  so this gives us 360,000 m ^ 2 . 
  as you can see in the photos , people were really close to each other , so we can say that in every square meter there were between 4 and 5 people ( let 's say 4.5 for the sake of clarity ) . 
  360,000 * 4.5 = 1.620.000 people . 
  and that 's only counting the two avenues of the v . there were a lot of people on the sidestreets that add up to the official number said by the police , which is 1.8 million people ( the 2 million op said are an approximation ) . 
  police said 1.8 million . 
  you should understand that this movement has not been started by politicians , but rather by the people ( remember the yearly 1.5 million people demonstration since 2012 ) . 
  so if spain decides to arrest our politicians , people would completely revolt ( and it would be perfectly legitimate as the self determination is a human right ) and achieve independence anyway with unnecessary violence . 
  absolutely . 
  and also , they do n't want to reform the constitution . 
  they only said cool things to get votes , but they are like psoe but without knowing how to do politics . 
  how hard is to understand that catalonia is a net contributor to the eu , and as such is in everyone 's interest to remain inside of it ? 
  because of course , spain is letting us decide on everything we want . 
  like you know , for example self-determination . 
  come on , even rajoy could n't support that affirmation with arguments when a journalist asked him about that . 
  he did n't even know the constitution of his own country . 
  it is clear that we will be part of the eu right when we become independent . 
  and also , as we are a net contributor , we would n't be that bad outside of it . 
  well , i live in catalonia and i have spanish citizenship . 
  if we become independent , we 'll get to keep that nationality . 
  tell me how spain can take it out of me and 7.5 million people more . 
  what the fuck dude i really hope you are joking, 
  i fail to see how flags and face painting are creepy nationalism . 
  i 'd rather say that creepy nationalism is having your kids taught that franco was good for spain , like the textbooks in madrid are saying . 
  it also makes me wonder how much pp has offered to all these leaders to make them say that . 
  i thought that at the beginning of the whole thing in 2012 , but if they did that now , it would be a political suicide . 
  huh , i actually think pp will pact with c 's . 
  i guess it will depend on who has more votes between c 's and psoe . 
  the amount of debt will depend on the negotiations between catalonia and spain . 
  nobody said that we should leave all the debt for spain to pay it . 
  we count seats because spain does n't let us count votes . 
  if they prefer to count votes , mas has said many times that he would agree to a referendum whole-heartedly . 
  i love how you try to compare ciu 's corruption with pp corruption . 
  like man , it 's not even close . 
  and you 're forgetting psoe 's corruption , which is not exactly lower than pp 's, 
  catalonia wo n't declare independence next monday , the main pro-independence party said that it would be a 18-month process of gradually turning into a new country . 
  literally everyone is treating the elections like an independence referendum . 
  well get ready to see him winning spanish elections in december most likely, 
  well i wo n't argue against that . 
  nobody actually knows how long it will take for us to become part of the eu . 
  maybe we join instantly , maybe it takes a year , maybe we never join because we vote against it . 
  then they will be forced for the same reasons to recognise catalonia , 
  absolutely not . 
  if two dialects ca n't understand each other , they become different languages . 
  my flag is catalonia 's flag , just like your flag is sweden 's flag . 
  his flag is the estelada which is a symbol of the desire for independence . 
  after we become independent , his flag will become obsolete . 
  they are the only ones who explained their methodology to calculate the people assisting . 
  what are you even saying ? 
  i always took three hours of spanish in school . 
  also , former spanish education minister wert literally said that they wanted to spanishize the catalan students . 
  what . 
  i mean the exact number of people who want independence . 
  occitan is a language on its own , similar to french but by no means a dialect . 
  psc is left wing and is against , while cdc is right wing and is for independence . 
  when the flood in girona happened the spanish govt said that it was the architects ' ( which were catalan ) fault . 
  the architects then explained that it had flooded because part of a wall had n't been covered and water entered through there . 
  also , this station is brand new ( from 2013 i think ) so you 'd expect it to not have these huge flaws . 
  because we ( and many economists ) believe that if we 're able to administrate our own economy , we could tackle our problems more efficiently , leading to an increase of our economy and we could help more the eu, 
  when you 're talking about becoming a real region in spain , do you mean to ask for more autonomy while remaining part of spain ? 
  because we 've asked that many times and spain has always said no to everything . 
  if you 're not talking about that , then i did n't understand what you meant . 
  about the eu , well maybe we do n't enter immediately , but if people want we will enter eventually . 
  though i 'm sure that all the goods going through catalonia ( spain -  europe or vice versa ) wo n't have to pay taxes , because this is in the interest of everybody . 
  in this poll the parties against independence encouraged people to not vote , to discredit the final result . 
  sad , but it 's how things work here . 
  also , the poll was in 2014 . 
  i firmly believe he is n't corrupt . 
  seeing how hard madrid 's newspapers have tried to discredit mas , i 'm sure they 've searched over and over again for corruption cases . 
  actually , right before the 2012 catalan elections , spanish newspaper el mundo said that mas had bank accounts in switzerland , only to forget about the issue after the elections . 
  so yes , i 'm sure mas is n't corrupt . 
  they 've said so . 
  well it goes against the right of selfdetermination of the un . 
  what he said is true , but it 's not what the whole independence movement is about . 
  for many years we 've seen the spanish government treat us badly and unfairly , for their own good . 
  we 've become fed up with all this . 
  all we 're asking for is a chance to decide democratically . 
  last year there was a demonstration of 1.8 million , and a participative process where over 2 million people voted . 
  spain will be forced to recognise us . 
  they ca n't face all the deficit they have all alone so they 'll have no negotiate how much deficit is for catalonia to pay , thus recognising independence . 
  plus we receive a huuuge amount of hate coming from spain . 
  they said 550.000 people yesterday . 
  nobody gives a shit about what they say because we all know it 's way off, 
  honestly , after seeing all the photos , i do n't care about the estimation of the number of people . 
  this is fucking awesome and we will know the exact number in the elections two weeks from now . 
  it 's the fourth year in a row now , the first one was in 2012 . 
  yes , both can have influence over the independence process . 
  yeah well but cameron said this week that an independent catalonia would be out of the eu , that 's what i mean . 
  i have given many reasons . 
  i said that some people are very patriotic and want to be independent due to nationalistic reasons . 
  some other people joined the movement because they realized catalonia could n't fit inside spain . 
  and no , the statute of autonomy is by no means a declaration of independance . 
  do n't say things that are plain false , nobody has ever said that . 
  and also , i said that every day there are examples of hatred from spain towards catalonia from iconic people .
