  if you ca n't access the content you need to register on that newspaper . 
  wrong . 
  after the elections , the leaders of csqep and unio both said that their votes should not be counted either for yes or for no . 
  and also what mattered were seats , if you want to count votes tell rajoy to allow a referendum because that 's what we tried to do last year . 
  implying people who did n't vote jxs\u00ed or cup are anti-independence, 
  because i do n't feel spanish , i 've never felt , and i want to stop being belittled and treated like shit by your politicians . 
  you know , i do n't like being treated as nazi for wanting to decide something about my country , on top that it 's very disrespectful towards those who really suffered in wwii . 
  can you read again the title of this post ? 
  if you think politicians in spain will resign you do n't know how things work here :') ( no offence ), 
   but anyways , they lost these elections why do you call winning in seats and votes losing elections ? 
  and you do not realise we want to have a fucking opinion and not be the pets of madrid . 
  i think what snp is sure that spain is n't gon na negotiate anything ( general elections in 2 months , would make pp lose a lot of votes ) , so he is trying to show some external support , which i definitely thank . 
  they probably did n't think this matter would snow ball like it did, 
  if you only want to think about money you can do it . 
  but truth is , the reason i want to be independent is to not have people in my own country saying daily that i 'm a brainwashed dog of some crazy president who wants to have a european north korea . 
  because i 've heard people say that . 
   jxsi : sit to negotiate with me what i have no legal right to do , but i think i deserve , or you will be pretty fucked up . 
  catalonia has never threatened the spanish government in any way , and our president went to madrid to negotiate and the only thing he got was no all the time . 
   gov : you will be pretty fucked up also , and even with an agreement , it wo n't be pretty ( = out of the eu ) . 
  every economist ( outside of spain of course ) has said that an independent catalonia would be a richer state than spain , so that 's out of the question . 
  about the european union , not even your president can argue that we will get kicked out of it , so yeah pretty crappy argument . 
  also , please , do n't make it sound like that , we both know that the spanish government has only used the fear and threatening to try to `` convince '' us that mas is the worst human being in the world . 
   jxsi : omg !!, 
  are you threatening me ? 
  you so fascist !!!, 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  if you 're the catalan leader and your people demand you something that the spanish government just says no , what do you say ? 
  well i 'd rather be a president of my people than the puppet of rajoy . 
  also nobody in the catalan government said that spain is fascist ( just antidemocratic , which is just as bad , but they did n't say fascist ) , while your leaders ( felipe gonzalez , aznar , many mayors across spain ) said that mas is fascist for something i still do n't understand . 
  so please stop spreading this bullshit and try to bring arguments to the table , everyone will thank you for that . 
  i 'll also add that it 's sad that i had to write all this just because you could n't see all the wrong in your post, 
  you have to excuse them , someone fell asleep while translating and wrote it midsleep . 
  lol do you really believe that ? 
  yeah our secret plan is to conquer all europe , we promise to not attack russia though, 
  no , it 's about people wanting to be more than we currently are , and slowly realising that within the borders of spain this will never happen . 
  they tore up our statute , they laughed when we asked for more economic sovereignty , they blocked a referendum , they do n't even let us make laws . 
  if you have an alternative solution to this tell me , because i do n't know . 
  jxs\u00ed has said many times that they 'd like for catalonia and spain to be good neighbors , which could be good to both sides . 
  blocking spanish trade is a dumb thing to do , mainly because half of catalonia 's exportations go to spain ( the opposite also applies : cat 's exportations are too important for spain to boycott them ) . 
  they have said that they will not pay the debt only if spain does n't sit to negotiate the independence ( which they 'll probably end up doing because of this precise reason : spain ca n't afford for catalonia to become independent without assuming its debt ) . 
  i 'm completely fine if catalonia becomes independent assuming its part of the spanisht debt , it 's the logical thing to do . 
  but if spain just does n't want to recognise us as an independent nation , we can simply say that we wo n't pay any debt , because all of spain 's debt is signed by spain , not by its regions . 
  i think at the end it was only a participative process . 
  come on dude your statement just makes no sense lol, 
   why do the independents not campaign for a constitutional amendment ? 
  we 've tried for 40 years to negotiate with the spanish government and they have said no to everything . 
  so , many people here ( and more each day ) start to think that the only way to get more autonomy is to become independent . 
  to think that now spain will sit and offer to negotiate a fiscal pact or something like that is absurd , they wo n't because they would lose half their votants in the rest of spain ( who are strongly against catalonia 's independence ) , and because spain needs catalonia 's money to continue paying the poorer regions ( currently , only madrid , catalonia , valencia and balearic islands provide money to spain ), 
  i have to point out that the campaign of fear was completely desperate : banks saying that they 'd get out of catalonia if we become independent ( now , after the elections , they say they wo n't . 
  surprise !, 
  ) , the bank of spain threatening that catalonia would become a `` corralito '' like in greece ( which is a dumb and very risky thing to say in public , and he corrected himself the next day ) , the list goes on and on . 
  and still despite all these lies coming from anti-independence entities they have n't managed to decrease the strength of the movement , which is quite a positive thing . 
  well i guess you could say that from a party point of view , they won because they went from 9 to 25 seats . 
  but to me ( i see c 's very similar to pp ) not much has changed because in terms of independence , pp , c 's and psc share the same views . 
  of course they have differences , but they all want something i do n't want , so i just count them in one block , that went from 9 +19 +20 = 58 seats in 2012 , to 25 +11 +16 = 52 seats now . 
  because now the main issue in catalonia is independence , and in that regard they are a minority . 
  victory ? 
  they did n't win anything , jxs\u00ed won . 
  i 'd rather say it was a rise , that 's true . 
  also , the yes did win in votes too , only thing that it did n't reach the 50 % , but taking into account only the clear yes ( jxs\u00ed and cup ) vs the clear no ( psc , pp , c 's ) , the votes are 48 % vs 39 % , so the yes wins . 
  another thing , i do n't know where you are from , or if you know c 's well , but i , being a catalan , have seen c 's around the parliament for about 10 years , and for everything they have said , they are basically disguised pp . 
  if you want proof just search `` desmontando ciudadanos '' in youtube , it 's a great documentary that everyone should see . 
  everyone knew what he did . 
  the question was whether spain had the balls to charge him . 
  seems like they have . 
  that 's the problem with spain , that letting people say their will is illegal . 
  i consider mas did the right thing , people should always be above laws in a democracy . 
  just wait until they realise that 25 seats is n't majority, 
  very moderately ? 
  they have many members from pp and even the falange . 
  they are the disguised pp . 
  when foreign redditors ask themselves why we want to be independent , remember that our president has charges for letting the people vote . 
  the uk and canada considered legitimate to let scotland and the quebec decide for themselves with a 44 % and 41 % in favour of independence , respectively . 
  in catalonia , we have 48 % , and an additional 11 % that have n't said yes/no . 
  no , i know some people who think cup is too radical and do n't like them . 
  that 's not true . 
  unio and csqep have n't pronounced about independence . 
  the ` yes ' votes ( junts pel s\u00ed and cup ) are 1.957.348 and the ` no ' votes ( psc , pp , c 's ) are 1.635.563 . 
  at this point i believe that the only way out that really benefits catalonia is to become independent , and if another party wins elections in spain they might offer something fake ( remember zapatero 's `` apoyar\u00e9 '' ? ), 
  which will slow down the process . 
  do n't worry , i probably wo n't vote in an elections of a country that i do n't feel mine . 
  independence rose a lot when rajoy said no to the fiscal pact . 
  though it 's not only his fault , as psoe left our statute like nothing . 
  well , if spain does n't allow us to do a referendum , these results are the most accurate we can get , and looking at them it 's a victory for the yes ( we ca n't count votes because we do n't know how many of csqep are for the yes and the no , so we must count seats ) . 
  because unionist votes only reach 41 %, 
  at the same time ? 
  man that 's pretty hard . 
  not ciudadanos , people already know that you ca n't trust them . 
  podemos is the best positioned party to take psoe 's place , but there 's many people that despise them , and almost every media is against them . 
  they may not die right now , but i do n't think they 'll rule spain ever again . 
  yeah , at this point anything less is a huge disappointment . 
  do n't think so , last elections they got like 20 something seats . 
  they still have the advantadge but yeah i agree . 
  true , but the issue is that if they now try to dialogue with the independentists , they will lose the few votes that they still have . 
  independentist will only agree to not vote against psoe + podemos if a referendum is guaranteed , but psoe said many times that the referendum wo n't happen . 
  poland only got 7 points from the jury and like 220 people votes , so pretty bullshit still . 
  yeah , whoever does n't give it 12 points can assume they 'll have an extra dose of boomzi boom . 
  i 'm 25 cm taller than my country 's average, 
  yeah 8-9th march 2010 , there has n't been as much snow as then ever since . 
  i have friends from everywhere in spain that are studying in barcelona .
