  bosnia probably needs another couple decades . 
  i mean , [ look at this ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bosnia-and-herzegovina/unemployment-rate ) . 
  * 40 % unemployment * . 
  it 's crazy . 
  yep - at that rate of growth , in just 20 years , switzerland is going to receive 3.46 billion immigrants . 
  something clearly needs to be done . 
   how exactly would it hurt the eu if switzerland would be allowed to bring its immigration back on a reasonable level ( which would still be much higher than any other eu member or partner state ) ? 
  because it 's not just a whim of the eu , it 's literally a part of what a single market is . 
  free movement of goods , services , capital , and , last but not least , labour . 
  without free movement of labour you have an incomplete market . 
  you can either embrace change and growth , or you can opt for stability and stagnation . 
  no one is forcing you to pick one or the other , but i imagine people prefer economic wellbeing to cultural and ethnic uniformity , or the eu would n't exist in the first place . 
   the reason given was that net migration from these two countries doubled to 3,300 last year oh wow , kicking up such a fuss for 3300 a * year * ? 
  why do you have to be a dick , switzerland ? 
  the ottoman empire was already falling apart by 1878 . 
  we 'd have gotten independence , maybe a little later , but free of the toxic russian influence that has plagued us ever since . 
  i would gladly support australia and russia swapping places . 
  not always . 
  the eastern provinces of the roman empire were richer than the west ; that reversed after the dark ages as the west became a center of the renaissance while the east was busy losing to the ottomans . 
  total immigration is 631k , of which 548k are non-uk nationals . 
  of these , 269k are eu nationals . 
  if they were to increase to 400k , that would be a significant increase . 
  additionally , total immigration was 498k in 2012 , not 157k . 
  you may want to [ check your figures ] ( https://www.migrationwatchuk.org/statistics-net-migration-statistics ) . 
  many leftwingers support globalism . 
  ** context ** : the area you see in the picture is called independence square . 
  while digging tunnels for the sofia underground , engineers unearthed ruins of the ancient roman settlement that once existed here , serdica . 
  the ruins were excavated and the area around them developed using eu financing . 
  you can see the ruins yourself when passing through the serdica metro station , some of the findings can also be seen on the picture . 
  the buildings around the square were built in the 1950s by the communist regime , after the clearing of older buildings damaged during the bombing campaigns of ww2 . 
  to the left is the central department store , which used to be the largest universal store in sofia . 
  in the centre is the building of the bulgarian parliament . 
  to the right is the presidency , hotel `` balkan '' , and the department of education . 
  in the lower left corner is the statue of saint sophia . 
  the photo is sourced from the sketches of sofia group on facebook . 
  it 's awesome and has a * lot * of great content . 
  edit : the little building in the middle is the st. petka church , built in the 16th century . 
  can you provide a link ? 
  i find it curious that google would be that far off . 
  perhaps it 's yearly income from a decade or two ago ? 
  i do n't see that as becoming popular in my country . 
  if we 're forced to increase corporate taxes from the current 10 % we 're removing one of the main attractors of foreign investment to the country . 
  this measure will have to be accompanied by a greater level of eu subsidies to compensate for the likely economic decline . 
  the median income is far from 1200 euro mate . 
  it 's around 1000 bgn , or a little above 500 eur . 
   please stop giving us money , nothing of that `` trickles down '' and it just makes the corruption worse . 
  what ? 
  are you saying all the infrastructure built with eu funding has absolutely no effect on the common folk ? 
  that is simply not true . 
  a motorway connecting 5 of our 10 largest cities and a black sea port , a direct motorway link from sofia to turkey , a second bridge over the danube , 2 lines of the metro system in sofia with a third one in construction , and a motorway to the greek border , also in construction . 
  not to mention all the smaller regional-scale projects that i am not even aware of . 
  the eu also funds a lot of private businesses , which directly helps the economy by employing people and adding value . 
  last but definitely not least , the eu provides us with political stability that is otherwise greatly lacking in the region . 
  just take a look at our non-eu neighbours . 
  not only are they economically worse-off , they are in varying stages of authoritarianism . 
  yes , maybe we have n't solved corruption yet , but at least we still have a functioning democracy with real choice . 
  chill , dude . 
  they are our largest linguistic minority and it would be silly not to include them . 
  romania has a hungarian blob , and germany has a slavic blob , that 's how maps are done . 
  that 's probably the reading for mt. 
  musala , it 's 2925m high so it 's pretty cold even in mid-summer . 
   then the fact that the eu wishes to approach this deal differently to every other is probably the more interesting facet here . 
  it 's interesting but not unreasonable . 
  the single market is far more integrated than any trade deal . 
  disentangling from the single market is easily an order of magnitude more difficult than negotiating a new trade deal . 
  other trade deals - which this is not . 
  brexit is more or less without precedent in eu history . 
  it seems like a europe-wide thing . 
  in bulgaria , tourist visits for last summer were up 20 % vs summer 2015 , and sofia airport registered a whopping 47 % more passengers . 
  i doubt it 's a bubble , simply better economy -  more disposable cash -  more tourism . 
  and when the nationalists get parliamentary majority , they will be able to give effect to their demands , but for now , they have close to zero power . 
  now that is something to envy us for , 
  yes , of course - make bulgaria great again still resonates with a lot of people . 
  but macedonians do n't feel slavic , let alone bulgarian anymore . 
  we 're pretty stable right now and i 'd rather avoid ethnic conflicts . 
  also , they are poor even by our standards and will be bad for the economy and the state budget . 
  / u/kowakian sounded pretty serious . 
  but it 's hard to tell on the internet :(, 
  that 's not a fair comparison - vidin is a 50k town and craiova is a 250k + city . 
  would you compare it with burgas ? 
  because going from vidin to burgas is also pretty shocking . 
   skopje 2014 has also generated controversy for its cost , for which estimates range from 80 to 500 million euros oh boy . 
  that 's a lot for a country the size of macedonia . 
  hey now , we 're a good neighbour !, 
   maybe it will break up and some parts will go to albania and some others to bulgaria . 
  no , please , maybe serbia and albania can have it ? 
  i 'd say the countries east of poland have it worse . 
  is it a common sentiment in serbia that it 's the best country on the balkans ? 
  glad you liked it , please come visit again , 
  yup , if you took the metro from the airport to the center , you passed through this section . 
  op was asleep . 
  but yeah , / u/kteof is entirely correct , 
  foolish hoomans . 
  steppings * in * snek . 
  not on snek . 
  for ridings of trains . 
  and food . 
  food for snek . 
  snek is happy . 
  snek is basking in the warm sun , filled with tasty [ hoomans ] ( http://stanilov.bg/img/gallery/gallery_34.jpg ) .
