  same happened to all ussr puppets in eastern europe . 
  how come they implemented free market reforms and are doing quite okay now ? 
  there 's a gay pride parade today , i think the two are connected . 
  ** source : ** the '' \u0415\u0442\u044e\u0434-\u0438-\u0442\u0435 \u043d\u0430 \u0421\u043e\u0444\u0438\u044f / sketches of sofia '' facebook group . 
  we have finished trakia highway , maritsa highway , and about half of struma highway mate , it 's closer to 400km . 
  `` basic goods and services '' are most of your spending . 
  housing , utilities , food , going out , transport , domestic holidays ... 
  your car or your mobile phone are not more than 20 % of your annual income ( and if they are , you need to check out r/personalfinance ) . 
  hence ppp is still a very good indicator of economic wellbeing , much more so than nominal figures . 
  the difference in gdp/capita ppp is nearly 2x , though . 
  13.5 k and 20.4 k in 2015 . 
  brits act very different on holiday :d, 
  that 's among the least british things i 've seen . 
  pretty cool tho  edit : downvote as you please , brits are very rarely this casual . 
  why ? 
  belgrade is among the largest cities in the area , and highways are meant to connect population centres . 
  i do n't see anything controversial here . 
  similar in bulgarian , although `` nog '' for foot is considered archaic . 
  also romania is significantly richer than china , so it 's a kind of weird thing to google . 
  they could be working part-time . 
  do n't take my comment too seriously , 
  yeah , the african side of the mediterranean ... 
  that is a myth . 
  it had poor growth in 2015 and 2016 . 
  it had 0.8 % growth in q1 2014 , equal to q3 and q4 of the same year . 
  0.6 % in q1 2013 , higher than two of the remaining three quarters of the year . 
  0.4 % in q1 2012 , again higher than two of the remaining three quarters . 
  i am not sure why i am even arguing with you , economic activity is quite seasonal so all growth figures are adjusted before being published , or they would be meaningless . 
   but the person who can invent a method to cheaply produce hydrogen will be the richest person in the galaxy that 's a big `` but '' . 
  making hydrogen is quite inefficient as of now , and i believe most is produced from natural gas deposits ? 
  in fact , it 's just 40 % of the mean salary , which is normal and lower than poland at 41 % . 
  however , it 's 70 % of the median salary which is pretty crazy . 
  probably a sign of high income inequality in turkey . 
  the minimum salary is usually a political decision . 
  it 's not the best metric for comparison . 
  the czech republic has a lower min . 
  wage , but it 's well known that it 's doing better economically , for example . 
  no , growth figures are typically seasonally adjusted . 
  bulgaria , perhaps ? 
  turkey is a big trading partner and we would n't want them to hate us . 
  they have much more important things to do , but nah , let 's jump on the food apartheid meme . 
  fat ? 
  unhappy ? 
  probably eus fault . 
  yeah , i am not sure why they did n't collect data directly from the government agencies . 
  numbeo is likely to be skewed toward people who use the internet regularly , which in most countries corresponds to higher education and income . 
   you seem to want in on the euro out of prestige joining the euro is overwhelmingly positive for us since we 've been pegged to it since forever , but at the same time we 've been paying the higher transaction costs that currency exchange entails . 
   you seem to want to convince me that bulgaria has a sound economy fiscally , yes , bulgaria is sound . 
  we are not * strong * by any stretch of the imagination , but we 're definitely * stable * . 
  you seem to be focused on spain and you 're ignoring all the other countries using the euro , which are doing just fine . 
  well , there are only so many examples i can offer you that our economy is not as vulnerable as the greek or spanish one . 
  your point is basically `` because bulgaria is mostly in the south and quite poor , it must face the same risks as other countries that are in the south and are poor '' . 
  but that 's a rather flawed point . 
   if you think that a country with weak economy can have a strong currency , you 'd better throw your diploma and smack your teachers . 
  it 's much more complicated than that , and more related to rates of change than to absolute values . 
   and yes the minute we join the single currency , purchasing power will drop , as it did in the rest of the countries . 
  lol , this is so naive that i think you 're trolling right now . 
  we have been pegged to the euro for two decades , including during the last recession . 
  we managed to get away with one year of recession and a mild deficit . 
   if we join the euro at this moment , it will become very clear how poor we are , and how much we have to be working to reach the level of ... slovakia . 
  i do n't see how joining the euro will change anything in this regard . 
  i think it 's pretty clear that we 're poorer than slovakia ? 
   who will be better off ? 
  who do you think is stronger . 
  the currency does n't matter here . 
  it wo n't change the purchasing power of either country . 
  however , using the same currency helps facilitate more efficient trade between the two countries leading to faster convergence : * slovak consumers can buy bulgarian goods without paying exchange fees . 
  * slovak companies can invest in bulgaria without paying exchange fees . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say . 
  yes , in the future a housing bubble may develop . 
  we might have another great recession . 
  a terrible epidemic might wipe out half of the population . 
  aliens might invade the planet and kill us all . 
  in all these cases , we 'd be various levels of screwed with or without the euro . 
  gdp growth is seasonally adjusted , i doubt that . 
   what you quote as gdp per capita is for ppp . 
  look at the nominal numbers , to get the real picture . 
  who says what the `` real '' picture is ? 
  ppp is recognised as the better way of comparing living standards across countries . 
  which brings me to the next question , what do you define as a `` strong '' economy ? 
   have n't you heard , in trade distances matter . 
  we 're already suffering the distance penalty , the euro wo n't make it better in this regard , but it will certainly make trade easier by reducing transaction costs . 
   but it is also true their economies were stronger 2 or 3 fold that 's wrong , though . 
  latvia 's gdp/capita ppp is 25700 , and ours is 20000 ( [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) ) . 
  slovenia is the richest in the group and has a gdp/capita ppp of 32000 . 
  so 28 % and 60 % `` stronger '' , respectively . 
  the difference was even smaller when they became members . 
   if we join the euro with virtually no industry left first , who told you we have no industry ? 
  second , on what basis do you claim having a dominant service sector is disadvantageous ? 
  how is the distance to your export partners relevant for the euro 's success in your country ? 
  considering that property prices just passed their 2007 peak this year ( at roughly doubled household incomes ) , it 's quite safe to say there is no bubble there . 
  public opinion of the eu in bulgaria is , and has always been , very favourable . 
  a referendum would be just a waste of money -- eu membership is not a contentious issue . 
  and yes , we 're split about the euro . 
  mostly because a lot of people with no idea how the economy works think that bread will go from 1 lev to 1 euro the day we join ... 
  spain was hit so hard because of their housing bubble . 
  we do n't have one . 
  stopping turkey will be an order of magnitude easier , though . 
  they possess no nuclear arsenal , so there is nothing stopping nato from organising the harshest possible conventional response . 
  they ca n't make a lightning strike as both bulgaria and greece are very mountainous ( unlike ukraine , which is super flat ) .
