  there is n't much redistribution going on there . 
  would it be better if healthcare was private ? 
  america has private healthcare and spends 2-3x as much as europe to achieve slightly worse results . 
   the british referendum was `` advisory '' and you do n't see westminster pulling any shit like this . 
  britain has different laws and a totally different legislative tradition . 
  it 's incomparable . 
  fptp in bulgaria would seriously erode democracy because you 'd get huge single-party majorities . 
  right now the balance of power is way more precarious , which puts a check on anything crazy the government tries to do ( left or right wing ) . 
  the primary sector has the lowest value added . 
  if anything , we should strive to reduce its relative share and grow services and high-tech manufacturing . 
  how come ? 
  also , we do n't quite have a surplus , but we 're fairly balanced with a smallish trade deficit . 
  no , exports + imports are more than our total gdp , meaning we trade a lot ( mostly with other eu countries ) , meaning we 'd benefit a lot from reduced currency exchange costs . 
  we have low taxes too , but that does n't really matter in the context of eurozone membership . 
  what do you mean by heavy exports ? 
  also , are you sure you 're not on the wrong thread ? 
  it 's important to understand that an economy which is still in convergence will experience higher service costs as salaries move toward western levels . 
  with or without the euro . 
  there is no legitimate economic reason for prices to increase faster than incomes in the long term because of a change of currency . 
  can we keep the currency board whilst being in the erm ii ? 
  then explain , instead of going all out ad hominem ? 
  cutting socialized healthcare would be very , very unpopular , even with right-wing voters . 
  this is n't the us , after all . 
  as for unemployment benefits -- yeah , probably the only thing you * can * realistically cut -- but it 's a pretty small outlay , anyway . 
  show me the dip in gdp growth when lithuania joined the euro . 
  oh wait , there is n't one . 
   should be easy to overtake romania in autobahn km built probably the only thing we have already overtaken them in , but ultimately it 's not very important when the economy that 's supposed to make use of the motorways is underdeveloped . 
  if prices grew and salaries remained the same , gdp would shrink ( in general ) . 
  it 's just how macroeconomics works . 
  since the baltics are actually growing quite fast , you 're wrong . 
   does not cut social security or anything other associated with right-wing parties it 's hard to cut something that barely exists in the first place . 
  many western eu countries have enormously generous social nets and high taxes so cutting them may actually make sense , but us ? 
  are you going to cut the $ 100 pensions ? 
  the 10 % income tax ? 
  we get a lot of eu tourism and we 're a super open economy . 
  euro would be a benefit for sure . 
  the minor right-wing is less populist and more business-friendly , generally . 
  for instance , they probably be hesitant to increase the min . 
  wage further ( which has doubled in the last 7 years mostly under the centre-right gerb government ) . 
  a key difference being the ex-yugoslavian states were not nato members . 
   did n't you assholes ally with the turks during the second balkan war ? 
  we allied with the turks in ww1 though ... realpolitik . 
  it is not at all realistic to think that turkey can attack greece and bulgaria with the rest of nato and the eu just standing by . 
  a single us aircraft carrier can down the turkish airlines force . 
  bomb down the bridges on the bosphorus and they are done . 
  you 're very right - a higher minimum wage forces businesses to become more efficient . 
  the current min . 
  wage is fairly low compared to the average wage of ~ 500 eur , and is n't having any detrimental macroeconomic effects ( unemployment is around 6 % and still falling ) . 
  the title is a bit misleading : life expectancy is n't falling across the balkans , population is - mostly due to migration . 
  falling life expectancy is specific to greece . 
  thanks ottoman empire :(, 
  so much this . 
  building a highway through a mountain is an order of magnitude more expensive than building it on flatland . 
   our economy is ( albeit slowly ) growing yet gdp/capita is stagnant as the growth is coming from increased population , not increased productivity . 
  hardly the hallmark of prosperity . 
   we 're a permanent member of the un security council , a member of nato , of the wto , of oecd , the g7 , g20 , you were that in the 70s too , did n't make things any better for you . 
  it 's not a tax haven scheme , and plenty of foreign business is coming here ( where do you think most investment comes from ? 
   a mere 5 ' 7 or 171cm is average male height there you 're way off , it 's 175 , same as the uk according to the stat with the higher number of samples . 
  that 's a huge generalisation , there are bulgarians who have a very greek/south italian tan , but there are really white typically eastern slavic ones too . 
  the result of us being on crossroads for centuries . 
  us and romania are still pretty technologically behind . 
  however , romania has a serious car and oil/gas industry to pull them ahead . 
  we have very little in terms of high-added-value exports . 
  and we 're a bit more corrupt with a dysfunctional judiciary . 
  yes , but how is that worse ? 
  excluding the economic recession , the systemaric oppression , and the mafia running the government , yeah , just fine !, 
  please do n't put bulgaria in the same group as bosnia and albania , they are about 50 % of our gdp/capita . 
  the difference with romania and croatia is less than 20 % . 
  but why ? 
  you won !, 
  atheism is a very specific belief . 
  there is also agnosticism , as well as downright irreligion . 
  many bulgarians are irreligious , as in they do n't care about religion , but i doubt many of them are consciously atheist . 
   and bulgaria was full of cops waiting for an opportunity to get bribed by foreigners it 's nigh impossible to bribe a traffic cop now , since they made them wear always-on cameras and stuff . 
  we just have a ton of police in general . 
  lower wages than germany and france , it 's got a loooong way to go . 
  same here . 
  transitional continental climate , it 's not that bad . 
  oil is pumped from the ground , not manufactured , so the local price of labor is irrelevant . 
  gross average wage here is 500 $ , closer to 400 $ net , about half of the polish figure with the price of gas only slightly lower . 
  nobody is asking czechia to take hundreds of thousands . 
  are n't you asked to take about one thousand ? 
  that 's a very romantic view of london . 
  as a more or less typical ee immigrant , i saw it as hyper-capitalist , extremely economically unequal , and very non-cohesive . 
  comparing the multimillion dollar mansions in the centre to the rows of tiny terraced houses just a few miles away , full of people sleeping two or more per room , opened my eyes to what real inequality looks like . 
  yes , your ties are more political than economic . 
  even so , our governments are generally either anti-russia , or neutral . 
  we also supported the sanctions . 
  russia still has some influence on bulgaria ( mainly via large private enterprises controlled by russian oligarchs ) , but not nearly as much as on serbia . 
  a part of the population may be russophile , but the government is n't and has never been since 1990 . 
  even the socialists , the rebranded communist party , are firmly pro-eu and nato . 
  it would be difficult for albania to join first . 
  serbia is light years ahead economically and has made significant strides in their bid to accession . 
  enjoy your # 1000/mo studio flat in london . 
  and # 2000 annually on public transit ... 
  your figure for macedonia is way off , at 231 eur/mo , their minimal hourly wage ends up at about $ 1.49 . 
  but safe harbour forces gafam to have their eu data centers in europe , meaning the data there falls under eu jurisdictions . 
  the index is not a percentage : on the top is switzerland with 67.7 , on the bottom is yemen with 15.6 . 
  each index point represents about 2 % of the difference between the best and the worst performer . 
  here too , although less than 5 % have got it : http://starozagorskinovini.com/news//images/obshtestvo/blok100_20161010.jpg http://www.kmeta.bg/uploads/image/file/71032/image001-1-2.jpg http://thermal.bg/img/obekti/big_5-img4_145933921463.jpg,
