we have [ these guys ] ( https://www.cooolbox.bg/za-doma ) but they charge 12.50 $ :(, 
  i would n't jump to the conclusion a higher employment rate is necessary a good thing . 
  it means fewer people with free time , and less happiness in society overall ( of course , work is just one aspect of happiness ) . 
  if more people are content to sit at home and not work , then good for them . 
  people looking for work but not finding any is bad , though ( and this is what unemployment reflects ) . 
  good luck determining what we are genetically , we 're incredibly mixed . 
  yet it 's hard to deny bulgaria is culturally slavic and romania is culturally latin ( albeit with heavy slavic influences ) . 
  well , in the northwest there are no jobs and no infrastructure - not a single kilometer of motorway . 
  the land is not particularly arable so even agriculture struggles . 
  young people are looking to move to either sofia or abroad . 
  if you look at the chart in the article , you 'll see that we 're actually among the less centralised countries in europe . 
  not that everyone being equally poor is a nice thing . 
  the difference is the racism in other european countries is not toward europeans and as such wo n't be noticed by as many people in r/europe . 
  it 's hard to deny the racism toward arabs and gypsies in eastern europe for example . 
  this photo has a very half-life 2 vibe for some reason . 
  is lgbt acceptance the single cultural difference between the west and russia now ? 
  come on , you 're being extremely narrow minded here . 
  only 20 years ago western europe was far less accepting of gay people . 
  i think you need to give the east a little longer to catch up . 
   us , canada , australia , new zealand , ireland , scotland you ca n't cherry pick the `` nice '' nations . 
  what about india , pakistan , sudan , egypt , uganda ? 
   and what are you telling me , greeks are anything like danish ? 
  they 're not . 
  the greeks have much more in common with the danish than the indians have with the irish . 
  you must have a very superficial view of culture to claim otherwise . 
  i hope [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture_of_europe ) might help you identify some similarities , 
  there is absolutely nothing in common between the british empire and the eu . 
  the british empire came to being through conquest , subjugation and exploitation , to the benefit of britain and britain alone . 
  the eu is an association of sovereign states who decided to work together for the common good . 
  most subjects of the british empire were never able to vote for their representatives in the parliament . 
  citizens of eu countries can vote for both national assemblies as well as the european parliament . 
  the british empire included territories with vastly different culture , wealth , spread all over the globe . 
  how could a union including india , sudan , and australia ever survive ? 
  the eu on the other hand is composed of white , christian countries with shared history , geopolitics , and to some extent , culture and language . 
  the empire fell because it was unsustainable . 
  things are looking much better for the eu . 
   translation below refugees are taking food out of refugee shelters and selling it , showed an investigation by nova tv . 
  the journalists even managed to buy some of the products at a market in the bulgarian capital . 
  what 's being sold are croissants , canned food , milk , and cheese . 
  during the early afternoon , the women 's market is busy with commerce . 
  a strange man pulls a tub of yogurt from a large bag . 
  the price : two for 1 lev ( 0.50 euro ) . 
  he explains he 's coming from afghanistan and received the wares from `` military ramp '' ( a refugee camp in the outskirts of sofia ) . 
  he also sells cans of food : at 3 lev for 4 . 
  the situation has been going on for months , say the traders at the market . 
  the refugee center confirmed the man lives there . 
  he has been warned that his actions are illegal . 
  `` he explained that his children do not eat yogurt and in afghanistan , it is common to sell what one ca n't consume '' - said plamen penov , director of the refugee center . 
  the refugees receive food from the shelters daily . 
  the ca n't sell the cooked food , but only sealed goods such as milk and cans . 
  the poultry the nova reporter purchased from the refugee turned out to be a donation from the red cross . 
  `` in respect of this , we worked together with the security company to check the baggage of people leaving the shelter , so that does n't happen again . '', 
  - said plamen penov . 
  the agency for refugees has warned the ministry of internal affairs of the ongoing illegal trade with food , so they can increase the police presence at the women 's market . 
  feeding a single migrant costs 4.20 leva ( 2.10 eur ) per day on average . 
  the refugees ' meals are quite varied ; an inquiry shows that refugees received yogurt 4 times in the last week , and canned meat once . 
  to prevent illegal food trade , every can given to the refugees will now be opened at the point of distribution . 
  decades ? 
  bulgaria and romania joined in 6 years . 
  scotland can probably join in one , as it 's a developed free country . 
  well , that took a while to click . 
  ukraine , with population of 45 million , is the largest country in eastern europe aside from russia . 
  that 's not big enough ? 
  the map compares total gdp and you 're a pretty big country . 
  if you do n't already own real estate ( and real estate ownership is very high in most of ee ) , yes , you could buy a decent house or apartment if you save up a few years of average western europe wages . 
  i assumed the op was asking about moving permanently . 
  if you move , your family and friends wo n't move with you . 
  money does not equal happiness , not by a long shot . 
  for most people , the change in living standards would be quantitative : a more expensive car , more expensive electronics , perhaps more expensive brands of clothes . 
  the change in your social life will be qualitative : it will take you some time to make friends , if you do at all . 
  in some countries such as the uk , you * will * be treated differently to a native by a large swathe of the population . 
  that 's not a recipe for happiness . 
  russia is 4x more expensive ? 
  that is suprising as salaries in russia are a fraction of the french . 
  what 's going on there ? 
  why is the economy a factor here ? 
  besides , what about all the other eastern european countries which joined schengen in 2007 ? 
  poland in 2007 had a lower gdp ppp/capita than bulgaria in 2016 . 
  but macedonia never existed as a country prior to the dissolution of yugoslavia . 
  poland did , for centuries . 
  note that croatia has been historically richer . 
  what you see when you visit a country ( the buildings , infrastructure , etc. ), 
  was not accomplished in a year - it 's the result of many years of economic activity . 
  since croatia has been always been richer than romania , it is still more wealthy , even though it may be less productive . 
  it will take a few more years for the wealth difference to disappear . 
  i 'd say it 's just friendly competition . 
  we always compare ourselves to romania because you 're closest to us economically and culturally . 
  the discount version of finland - netherlands if you will . 
  not big enough to show up on statistics - we 're not africa . 
  i am more willing to believe that people living in rural regions ( of whom there are more in bulgaria and romania ) do n't have the easy access to processed calorie-dense foods that urban dwellers do . 
  so they eat less , and more healthy , although perhaps not intentionally . 
  that 's interesting because very few bulgarian words end in - u. 
  also , sobaka is not a word in bulgarian at all . 
  i think your teacher might have gotten confused with some other language . 
  we are given free money and we * still * fail to manage it properly . 
  injecting a further 1b in the economy would easily add 1 % to our gdp growth . 
  why do romania and bulgaria get comparatively less than more developed countries such as greece , portugal , and the czech republic ? 
  i always assumed poorer countries get more funding per capita . 
  i do n't see what your problem is . 
  are you being forced to read everything you see on r/europe ?
