  well , wallachia christianised long after the fall of the roman empire , and a romanian identity was probably already well established in the region by then . 
  i 'd look to roman colonisation period in the 2nd-3rd century for the formation of the romanian ethnic group , when roman colonists and native dacians coexisted . 
  well , you seem to know your stuff . 
  not sure if we can determine the etymology of the word with certainty . 
  the bulgarian academy of science seems to think it stems directly from latin , but i have n't seen their evidence , 
  bulgarian had contact with the byzantines , whom we adopted christianity from . 
  it 's possible that 's where the latin root was taken from . 
  well , the bulgarian '' \u041a\u043e\u043b\u0435\u0434\u0430 '' ( christmas ) [ literally comes from ] ( https://bg.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0420\u043e\u0436\u0434\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0432\u043e_\u0425\u0440\u0438\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0432\u043e ) the latin `` calendae '' . 
  we definitely have words that come from latin . 
  the streetcar in question is 115 years old , it 's not a common sight . 
  probably not , the labour market is not capable of handling it , so unemployment will skyrocket . 
  also remittances from abroad stimulate the economy , and losing them will probably be harmful . 
  in the long term , extra population will boost the nominal gdp , but it will do nothing for gdp/capita , which is what actually matters for quality of life . 
  damn , one list where we 'd be first , and we 're not even included :(, 
  currently poland is the largest net benefactor by far , but in 10 years they should be close to the average eu gdp/capita , freeing up a lot of funding for other poorer eastern members . 
  same with romania in ~ 15 years . 
  found the brit . 
   the region 's right-wing populist wave what are they talking about ? 
  are hungary and poland `` the region '' now ? 
  services that involve mostly local labour can be much cheaper . 
  for example , a haircut in bulgaria is about a third of the price of one in the uk . 
   ridiculous tv star businessman who ran on empty populist rhetoric wow . 
  we have exactly that happening in bulgaria , he even initiated an idiotic ( unsuccessful ) referendum . 
  he 's still very popular though ... 
  not sure about romania , but bulgaria is quite atheistic , so i do n't think religion is the main cause for our low score ( lowest in the eu , in fact ) . 
  i 'd say it 's the toxic culture that promotes aggressive masculinity , not unlike russia . 
  [ looks like a fallout game ] ( http://www.vbox7.com/play:e1bf597192 ), 
  still far from the golden days of 2005-2008 , when we were averaging over 6 % yoy growth , but not too bad . 
   the industrial sector increased its share by 1.4 percentage points , to 28.9 % , compared to the same period of last year . 
  it 's also interesting to see the industrial sector grow while services shrunk . 
  i 'd expect the opposite from a developing economy . 
  i find the divergence between romania and bulgaria after the great recession really interesting . 
  is it due to the recession hitting the two countries differently , or consequence of romania battling corruption more effectively ? 
  obesity rates only play a part in overall life expectancy . 
  the quality of healthcare is also very important . 
  that 's purely hypothetical , but i 've noticed overweight women are also more likely to be older . 
  in a more patriarchal country , marriages are generally more secure and happen earlier , which makes it less necessary for women to maintain their looks . 
  in a less patriarchal country , women are able to date until much later in their lives , making looks more important for longer . 
  doing gdp/capita comparisons with communist countries is a bit iffy . 
  it 's not that purchasing power was low , but that supply would often not catch up with demand , resulting in shortages . 
  my bulgarian relatives remember yugoslavia as being freer and having more goods available for sale , but not necessarily richer . 
  sure , but it 's been growing anemically for the past two years . 
  and you 've entered recession three times since 2010 . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/serbia/gdp-growth-annual ) . 
  it is though ... 
  i would n't say they treat us as a second-class member - they treat us the same way they treat any small country in the eu . 
  salty about being poorer than the poorest eu country , and getting even poorer ? 
  connections to byzantium are pretty huge , they were a heavy cultural influence . 
  i am unsure if that 's the reason for the lion , though . 
  what about roman britain ? 
  oh , i definitely aimed more toward ` humorous ' and not ` factual ' . 
  although moon iron also sounds really cool !, 
  and now i 'm salty :(, 
  pot sellers !, 
  indeed , as is '' - town '' in some cases . 
  english does n't have the same concept of place suffixes we have in bulgarian , such as '' - vo '' , '' - en '' , so i had to improvise a little . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c8/view_of_zlatograd_center.jpg ) is zlatograd ( goldtown ) . 
  i am not sure where the name actually comes from -- it 's located in the rhodope mountains , so it 's possible there was some gold there long ago -- it 's a fairly old town , 
  yes , it 's a real village : [ map ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/6268+dinya,+bulgaria/@42.322888,25.8349155,16z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x40a874802e5c5335:0xa00a014cd0e15d0!8m2!3d42.3218301!4d25.8348095 ), 
  do you have any data points aside from switzerland ? 
  as norway is in the eea . 
  london has a lot of jobs , but is a bad place to live in unless you 're in the top quarter by income . 
  everything is very expensive , and unless you 're rich you 're going to live in a distant grey suburb with an hour + commute . 
  good point : the protests were definitely a major factor . 
  the eu parliament elections were just the straw that broke the camel 's back . 
  on the other hand , the socialists have always had difficulty giving up power , 
   even if the interpretation of the vote was right , would n't they rather stay and fix the government rather than just resign their argument is that they could n't push forward important reforms without popular support . 
  besides , the government resigning because of election results is not a precedent : a couple years ago , the socialist coalition resigned because of the eu election results , after just a year in power . 
  we have a very similar language , share an alphabet , and the bulgarian liberation was a result of the 1878 russo-ottoman war where russia was the victor . 
  so certain historical ties definitely exist . 
  as for the new president : he is a nominally independent candidate backed by the socialist party . 
  was a general in the air force , and not a very well-recognized figure prior to the election campaign . 
  the bulgarian president is mostly a figurehead with very little actual power , so he can not change much -- the issue is that the governing party just resigned ( interpreting the election as a vote of no confidence ) and new parliamentary elections will be held in a few months . 
  let 's hope the socialists do n't win then !, 
  the people do n't like it , but they are gullible and ill-informed . 
  we just picked a socialist pro-russian president . 
  russian interests in bulgaria are strongly connected to organised crime and influence all three branches of government . 
  so that 's not going to help . 
  we wo n't be having quite the same growth until we begin rooting out corruption with the efficiency romania has . 
  what with the recent elections , that 's not happening soon . 
  no , the figure accounts for inflation . 
  the sub is called / r/europe , not / r/westerneurope , nor / r/world ... 
  gdp/capita figures at a sub-national level should be taken with a grain of salt , especially if the area is particularly small ( as is the case with vilnius region ) . 
  i 'd rather trust the office for national statistics than `` recruiters '' when it comes to accurate statistics . 
  eurostat always publishes their methodology , if you really are that interested . 
   although they 're close to 90 % of the expenses so even if we cut every other type of welfare , we 're still not even close to balancing the books ? 
  pensions are the elephant in the room , but they are already very low and the moment anyone wishes to reduce them , they become unelectable . 
  unfortunately we have shitty demographics and there is no easy way to fix that ( aside from perhaps an integrated eu pension system - but that 's more of pipe dream than a real possibility ) . 
   when a referendum is being held , it should be honored . 
  okay , that is a valid opinion to hold , but the laws of the country are clear : the referendum is non-binding unless voter turnout is at least as high as in the last election . 
   also , the part you quoted was there to show that the english honored the democratic vote , even when it was `` advisory '' . 
  we 're a parliamentary republic , not a direct democracy . 
  mob rule ca n't and should n't override the parliament . 
  i feel that britain has made a big mistake placing the future of the country straight into the hands of the misinformed and gullible public . 
  do you want the same for our country ? 
   the remaining 14 % goes in redistributing it can potentially be distributed , however , considering that your pension is related to your salary , obviously not all of it is . 
  but okay , let 's say half is distributed : that is 7 % of your income , which does n't seem like much to me compared to what western nations pay . 
   but maybe , just maybe , allow other insurers in the market and not only the state there are a number of private health insurance funds in bulgaria . 
  no one keeps you from paying into them . 
  well , social security mostly goes toward your future pension .
