  two us carrier groups can completely paralyse the country . 
  erdogan will never dare attack . 
  we have the 3rd lowest national debt in the eu . 
  we 're as not-greece as it can get . 
  i 've noticed the same in the uk . 
  usually an `` oh '' and that 's pretty much the end of the conversation . 
  have n't seen the same attitude from eastern europeans or southern europeans though . 
  that is my hope too -- mass protests made a difference back in 2013 , and i think they can do so again . 
   kovesi she 's awesome . 
  i believe she was invited in march by some of our less corrupt branches of the judiciary . 
  shared a lot about how the romanian system works ( basically what we 're hoping to copy ) . 
  unfortunately a lot of our highest magistrates did not attend ( unsurprisingly , as they are corrupt af ) . 
  honestly , as we 're a sovereign nation , no entity ( including the eu ) can force us into doing what is effectively a constitutional amendment . 
  and our government is reluctant to do it because it has shady dealings of its own that might come to light if the judiciary ever became truly independent . 
  i think intense public pressure is the only way ahead , sadly . 
   the eu is doing this really weird thing whereby they have very little leverage the eu has loads of leverage , as it can refuse any deal and drop you into instant recession . 
  ** context ** : the corrupt and ineffective bulgarian judiciary is in dire need of reform . 
  the european commission has issued numerous recommendations for reform under the cooperation and verification mechanism , but so far , they have not been heeded by the government . 
  this needs to end if we are to ever combat the high-level corruption gripping the country . 
  more and more people are starting to realise that the government will not do anything unless it absolutely has to . 
  hence , today 's protest , led by the `` justice for everyone '' citizens ' initiative , calling for immediate implementation of the eu recommendations . 
  if we succeed , this could be the first step in eliminating top-level corruption and finally bringing the `` untouchables '' to account . 
  sounds like additional border control is what is necessary ( and as the uk is not in schengen , it 's doable ) . 
   london is the closest thing to actually paying those high skilled people right wow , talk about arrogance . 
  high-skilled does not mean finance , and the uk has a lower average net salary than germany , sweden , and a bunch of other eu countries . 
  it 's even worse when adjusted by living costs . 
  did you even read the next paragraph of the page you linked ? 
   on pay monthly , you 'll need to be on one of our advanced plans to benefit from the service - our essential plans do not include feel at home . 
  on pay as you go , you 'll just need to convert your credit into an add-on to benefit from feel at home . 
  i am not entirely familiar with the process , but do n't you need an eu id document to board a ferry/train ? 
  i am not sure if the companies doing this are operating legally , and are subject to any government oversight or taxation ... 
  fair enough . 
  and who exactly will pay # 20k ? 
  the refugee ? 
  really ? 
  all of vivacom 's plans include unlimited data , including the $ 7 one . 
  that 's pretty cheap . 
  that is false , only three 's advanced plans have this . 
  still , feel at home was pretty cool and also covered a number of countries not in the eu such as the us . 
  older people are inherently more prone to gaining weight . 
  easier to be slim at 20 than at 50 . 
  most european countries are dominated by a single ethnicity . 
  most people do not distinguish between nationality and ethnicity in this context . 
   so ... gypsies are not ( usually ) from romania ? 
  gypsies are a large minority in romania , but they are present [ all over the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_diaspora#population_by_country ) . 
  i doubt you would find any difference between romanian , bulgarian , and serbian gypsies . 
  it is disingenuous to portray these people as romanians . 
  they are gypsies , and could easily be from any country with a significant gypsy minority . 
  i am not trying to excuse africa , but they have loads of problems that cee does n't have : hiv epidemic , malaria , inhospitable climate , less arable land . 
  all of eastern europe is benefiting immensely from the single market and the infrastructure expansion funded by the richer eu members . 
  sadly , africa does n't have that . 
  that too , yep . 
  we have built a fair amount of highways and infrastructure in general . 
  it does not seem to translate into growth . 
  look at romania as an example : they have built fewer highways ( taking their size into account ) , yet their economy seems to be working better . 
  honestly , a left-wing government * might * actually help us . 
  the current centre-right coalition is obsessed with low deficits and a balanced budget . 
  we need a more economically expansionist government . 
  let 's hope serbia and macedonia join soon , or we 're bound to be poorest in the eu forever : /, 
  damn it , romania , why ca n't we be more like you . 
  we have a 3.4 % yoy growth which objectively is n't bad , but 5.7 % ... damn . 
  euro at 1.60 to the dollar will kill the southern economies . 
  i think the main argument was that we 're already the poorest in the eu and the last thing we needed was bailing out greece/ireland/etc . 
  with the election of macron and growth returning to the eu , we might be joining soon . 
  the new government 's manifesto is a little ambiguous about it : `` a primary goal of bulgaria is to pursue further integration with the european financial infrastructure . 
  the banking union and the eurozone are our natural way forward after fulfilling all criteria . 
  until then the currency board is inviolable and without alternative . '', 
  and has been for over 15 years now , i believe . 
  if bulgaria can do it it 's reasonable to assume scotland can too . 
  he is not russian . 
  his father is bulgarian . 
  his mother is kazakh . 
  he was just born in moscow . 
  yeah , the cheap euro ( to which we are pegged ) is doing wonders for our exports . 
  although computer component prices have become ridiculous as a result : /, 
  i 'm surprised at that too . 
  it 's almost as high as in bulgaria , but we 're known to be a bit too pro-russia . 
  i imagine it could be related to relative economic wellbeing too , the better the country fared post-communism , the less support for stalin ( associated with communism ) . 
  a lot of people in bulgaria , especially the elderly , believe things were `` better '' during the communist regime , and although that 's not true , we have made less progress than , say , poland , relative to then . 
  i suppose things are similar in romania . 
  insanely high taxation given their development level . 
   income tax is applied on a flat tax rate of 10 % on income from both employment , interest , royalties , and capital gains . 
  social security apply to most employment income . 
  the employee pay 33 % of gross salary , while the employer contribute 10.5 % in addition . 
  the value-added tax in bosnia is 17 % as standard rate . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxation_in_bosnia_and_herzegovina ) while the income tax and vat are quite low , the social security rate is insane . 
  an employed person no matter whether low or high income will only see 57 % of their salary . 
  the high taxes prop up the gray economy and discourage most investments . 
  the government rises taxes yet again to counter the fall in revenue , and the cycle repeats . 
   in serbia whenever someone wants to point out why we should n't join the eu , they just say look at bulgaria . 
  out of curiosity , why ? 
  i think bulgaria has mostly benefited from the eu . 
  if the serbian people really are that disillusioned in the eu , bullying might not even be necessary . 
  time will tell , i guess . 
   a black hole for eu funds sorry but that 's just wrong . 
  eu funds are n't like regular state funds , you ca n't steal them just like that . 
  the sofia metro is listed on [ wellspent.eu ] ( http://wellspent.eu/ ) . 
  and let 's not forget all the motorways , energy efficiency projects , etc. 
  there is always the eurasian union . 
  i hear they are doing great , and hey , russia is already giving you free tanks , so you 're halfway there !,
