yeah , but somehow you have to help those less capable , it is not that many people irl are able to understand cynism and sarcasm anyways, 
  woah ? 
  really ? 
  who 'd thought theres assholes everywhere that claim tradition and religion to be their rightfull guidance while commiting heineous crimes against sentient beings ? 
  that is true unfortunately ... maybe i should put a sticky on my screen to remember putting that / s , right next to `` shouldnt call consumer lusers in their vincinity '', 
  i thought it was obvious enough , will not think that in the future , , , ,, 
  really ? 
  never had thought of that, 
  i aint maybe i should put an / s behind the post but then thered be anyways enough that wont consider a snide comment to be mere cynism, 
  isnt that some supposedly part of their cultural heritage we are told to respect ? 
  i belive thats pretty much in any greater city with these religions getting close together, 
  that much is true , my partner lives near a predominant muslim neighbourhood , mostly nice people , theres christians going crazy once a week i live in a mostly christian neighbourhood , here we got preaching and aggresive muslims - . -, 
  im a archetypical female metalhead , christians actually seem to be fearing me , where as muslims seem to react violently towards me, 
  and i believe its just 1 step short of them getting caught, 
  ye , but i dont fear getting beaten up when i make fun of their religion when they try to convert me, 
  no , it is coercion and intimidation , they basically are a bunch of bullys that are awfully close to step over the line ... 
  they approach people as a group , speaking down to them and * advising * proper behaviour and hand out a leaflet , psychological use of force , we aint tolerating people forcing their shit upon other . 
  we learned our lesson . 
  i agree , and most probable , everythings a big mess with a bit from every possibility , 
  could be another viewpoint i said could be possible from early on , just i aint seeing it  germans ? 
  efficient ? 
  oh wait ye that was * our * pr  tho one could argue many are very efficient at doing the least needed , 
  hahaha that is perfectively conceivable to a german , especially one who attented the military , here they just give a crate of beer instead of vodka  i do understand your reasoning , and do welcome your try to make me see a different point , i can perfectly understand how that all could truly just be a peoples movement , but as i pointed out earlier , i am way to cynic to accept the possibility entirely . 
  way to many other possibilitys and factors ... 
  criminal energy is always there , i dont wonder about that , yet i dont believe someone just * loses * a tank ... and as i said , i do can believe it started with an honest desire to join russia , moscow just gave them advisors . 
  it happens in almost every little * rebellion *, 
  and i do not trust anyone far enough to have actually done that for coverup ... . . same is i dont believe that they dont know where those tanks went , thats quite a piece of hardware to be just lost ... 
  that i can believe as a starting point , a honest `` we wan na be russians '' desire . 
  but i can also see putin and his folks thinking `` oh hey look , they want to be us , but we cant just take it again , lets give them some advisors and materials '', 
  plausible deniability . 
  that was one of the other problems . 
  the referendum , the whole * maneuvers * speech etc , they dont want to be even more the bad guys . 
  besides teritorial gain , plausible deniability and keeping everyones attention away from their other * problems * ? 
  the government, 
  no need to star verbal attacking i do belive these separatists are not on their own , therefore its a russian agenda . 
  which equals a [ distrust of other peoples motives ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/cynism ), 
  seeing the possible link and quoting the freedom sentence was meant cynically we wont reach any consensus on this matter, 
  fascinating how you completly leave out the context of the whole conversation, 
  all a matter of perspective , yes . 
  my perspective is just the cynic one . 
  `` one mans terrorist is another mans freedom fighter '', 
  except that they had been very well equipped for simple terrorists, 
  took both in wholesay , its why i see the possibility of russland * encouraging * these * terrorists * more likely then random people recruiting on their own, 
  then try to clarify it so my cynism would not show other probabilitys, 
  rly ? 
  he can claim innocence in the worlds face this way, 
  considering russian behaviour and how putin runs his little scheme , it would be very possible, 
  who says these searching arent state funded ? 
  something about `` reasonable denial '', 
  i believe the desired effect was `` everyones doing that shit unfortunately but will blame only others doing so '', 
  as was posted in another thread : we call this `` blitzkrieg '' , 
  we are quite experienced rushers , 
  what a fitting nickname, 
  you really didnt get my comments, 
  and there is the problem `` why should i behave , no one else does '' and weird wasnt the insult , your whole effin statement ... also common netiquette says to put and / s if you want to be sarcastic, 
  you go to tell me im weird and try to apologize for being an ass ? 
  nice non-apology . 
  you should go and learn some manners . 
  it wasnt really joking if its taken so much out of context ... and no i despise ingorance and willfull hatred , the disrespect of listening to others and the lack simple reading comprehension . 
  i would like to add something to your statement , it sucks when the well behaved decent parts of humanity are driven off by bigotry and blind hatred . 
  i wish you best of luck and personally would rather see those gone that attack without a cause then an educated person . 
  just a little sidenote , even if you are born german , with a german heritage , as soon as you are different in this country , you will get attacked by the blind and stupid . 
  read my other statements , and actually read what my statement says , i despise the average human in its entirety , no ethnic reasoning for such . 
  you just have proven once again why i do so ... 
  i wholeheartly agree on this , the first step should be to better educate everyone , which in return would create less friction . 
  i 'd love to see more educated people from any heritage which could create a great cultural spectrum . 
  on a more lighthearted note , this would give a greater variety on avaible food and restaurants , that just cant be bad  im just leaving [ this ] ( http://www.der-postillon.com/2011/04/studie-abschiebung-von-nazis-wurde.html ) here , a rather lighthearted article against right wing extremists, 
  as i repeatly stated , i do not blame the whole , just that from my observation that it is that `` minority '' that will gladly act out on these atrocities . 
  i dont mind the turk 's around here , i mind the absurd amount of assholes that happen to be of turkish origin , that is what im calling out , im calling out the indecent disrespecting behaviour of so many in that ethnicity . 
  and trust me , i embrace that culture , like every other positive aspect of every culture , im a regular customer in a turkish supermarket around here , because i am addicted to some turkish food ;d ive met one of my best buds there , he actually taught me how to cook some of that stuff . 
  and he is quite the houseman with one of the most hot tempered wifes ive met . 
  that couple is one of these that also curse the indecent behaviour of so many that share their heritage . 
  have a nice day yourself . 
  i have also made some of my best experiences with the same minority ... there is a reason i love the turkish hospitality , their foods and hell even some of their music . 
  i do not like these that arent integrated , that bring their misogyny with them , that treat woman like cattle , that force the veiling upon their woman etc these that outrigt will assault a woman that says no to them , those that will outright resort to violence with the same excuse of them being turks , those that will not see that they simply arent acting like decent human beings and cry racism when they are told . 
  i treat every human being the same , someone acting with consideration and respect for others , gets that from me , those that dont , according to the [ silver rule ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silver_rule ) desire to be treated like a lesser form of life . 
  im not blaming the whole , one of my best buds is a turk , a ex fwb of mine is a turk , i really do not care for ethnic origins in decent human beings , i will gladly exmigrate a ton of germans as well ( eg the drunk aggresive assholes ) it is just my observation that the majority of those that do not respect woman and their boundaries are of turkish origin , something i had more then on one occasion admitted by other turks that would also expel these people for how they ruin the publics perception of these that dont act like assholes . 
  what i really dont like are those young and born in germany turks that do spit on our culture , that want to force their culture and religion on others . 
  and the spitting is to be taken literally as i got on more then occasion assaulted by these young roaming gangs of turks because i simply told them to go away . 
  these young turks that really dare to treat woman like cattle and who have to prove their masculinity . 
  the worst was a group that actually dared to lay a hand and hurt my then gf , they dared so because they saw a female couple as only for their amusement . 
  yes every ethnicity has these , but those are the worst offenders . 
  another example of this ignorance towards culture , one of my best childhood friends was a turkish girl , she got married of to some old fart and killed him and herself . 
  something i learned way later from her big sister . 
  tell me why should i respect such acts , why should i respect any culture that enables such ? 
  as long as its a majority of turks catcalling , patronizing and be overall assholes towards me , i will stick to my observation . 
  and i do know theres good and bad apples everywhere , but its usual the `` gangs '' of turk males that can not take a hint . 
  im not racist , i despise everyone equally, 
  considering i have friends and aquaintances throughout every ethnicity , no i do not measure everyone by what the majority does , but i will gladly call out any indecent behaviour from any human being around me . 
  it just so happens that turks and islamic based ethnicitys have a tendency to be the worst offfenders in basically everything beginning with simple respect for other human beings and ending with their disregard for any woman . 
  considering the behaviour of some of these turks , i wonder fucking why ? 
  maaan if id be forced to that i would make sure hed be getting the worst possible ... 
  the last time we germans went to take global influence , we got our asses bombed ... ... damn i couldnt resist this, 
  heyhey , dont you go there and compare a useless woman to a loyal dog !, 
  how people with disabilitys and sickness are treatet is something i didnt want to add, 
  if now they wouldnt just do all that great bureaucratic limbo and weed out millions simply because they have `` 1 $ jobs '' and the likes, 
  according to the article , there has been issues already , namely boys following girls around . 
  even someone as liberal as me is now carrying a stunner and pepperspray with some newer arrivals of refuges here . 
  here is the thing , i am honest , i voice my oppinions with cussing and swearing and have no problems being myself , because i have no need to pretend anything else to get a rinse out of some random person for whatever reason you have ( usually overshadowing insecurites and incompetence or a feeling of impotence towards real life , but hey whatever rocks your boat little one ), 
  what people do to overshadow insecurities always amazes me * shakes head *,
