  whats humiliating about them ? 
  i agree it should be legal and will vote for the party that has this on their agenda , but being happy because dutchies with drones ignore our laws is just stupid . 
  also , when you write `` butthurt ? '', 
  to me you look like a fucking idiot . 
  lol at leftists thinking this is a great thing . 
  it 's against the law here for a reason , most of poles are against it . 
  would you people be so happy if the american nra started dropping guns to europe via balloons , because they believe guns are a human right ? 
  why ? 
  asian neighbourhoods are completely normal . 
  go to a polish neighborhood in chicago and nothing 's gon na happen . 
  but when muslims ca n't behave , form shitty ghettos and fuck around with sharia patrols and whatnot it 's suddenly the white man 's fault again . 
  the west just ca n't win , can it ? 
  what do you want me to prove ? 
  avg wage in poland is 3 982pln as of today , so 953eur . 
  i imagine it 's less in baltic countries . 
  good enough for you ? 
  wan na take those downvotes back now ? 
  yes ? 
  are you people so disconnected from reality that you do n't realise this is the norm in poland , latvia , lithuania , romania etc etc. . . ? 
  that 's exactly what i made for a year after my university , plenty of the polish live at this level their entire lives . 
  and yet we pay our debts , we have to . 
  are you also going to cry about my ( and my peoples ) poor fate ? 
  ridiculous . 
  i doubt you know what hunger is if you consider one thousand euros to be a hunger wage ... 
  ca n't afford food ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  their average wages are still higher than most of eastern europe , and so is their purchasing power . 
  come on now . 
  also , you replied to a question but did n't answer it , what 's the deal with that ? 
  should n't have lived beyond your means then i suppose ? 
  say if i get a mortgage on a big luxury house , and then lose my job , are you gon na bail me out ? 
  yet purchasing power is still higher or comparable to most of eastern europe , is n't it ? 
  how do they pay their debts in romania , must be a miracle or something ... ? 
  oh no hungry greeks , just a thousand euro a month !, 
  only a thousand , how can they live like this, 
  remind yourself this when your comfortable office job gets outsourced to india or bangladesh . 
  sure , absolutely , everyone should have studied it to be a cheap outsourcing corpo-drone . 
  fuck all the people working hard their entire lives unable to make a living , they should have just gone to a top university in a big city and there would be no problem !, 
  also you have to give the government all your personal details in order to even use a cellphone , even if it 's prepaid . 
   it 's fucked . 
  i have nothing against lgbt people , but someone please explain to me why poland should give katherine 's daughter citizenship ? 
  it 's not to be given out like candy just because some lady points to a kid and says ` ill be her second mom from now on ' . 
  right , poland definitely is not a post-soviet country . 
  i 'm done arguing . 
  what ? 
  yes he is , by definition : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/business_oligarch, 
  also , sikorski planned to be minister of energetics specifically to be able to look out after his oligarch friend 's business matters . 
  no , the guy gives you a shitty whitewashed explanation and you buy it . 
  people are trying to explain and they get downvoted . 
  this is just not a good place for discussion . 
  what 's so controversial about the first quote ? 
  the leaders of ukraine openly talk about bandera being a hero of the ukrainian people . 
  they give speeches in front of upa flags . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  turns out reading / r/europe does not exclude you being unable to find legit sources and see through a silly fucking joke, 
  exactly - instead just keep appeasing them , seems to work great so far . 
  go to paris , next to the eiffel tower . 
  plenty of working gypsies there . 
  you do n't have to look , they 'll approach you first . 
  wiser men have tried and yet none succeeded . 
  at this point you just figure that maybe it ca n't be done . 
   no one likes nomadic cultures in modern societies . 
  right . 
  it 's not because they steal , run scams , pickpocket and refuse to work and integrate . 
  it 's because no one likes `` nomadic cultures '' in modern societies . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  so i ca n't be anti-gun either , because there 's very few guns here ? 
  think long and hard about what you 're trying to say . 
  edit * aaand immediately downvoted . 
  :-d thanks !, 
  so europe was literally the nearest location these ` refugees ' could safely go to ? 
  that 's nothing , the local refugee center is full of nigerians . 
  apparently the richest country in africa is still not safe enough . 
  we 're ... filthy ? 
  the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  that was my money . 
  you do n't get to say what i should or should n't spend it on . 
  the whole thing was theft , plain and simple . 
  what exactly is the european dream , what is he talking about ? 
  dude are you really asking if having 4 beers a day is not normal ? 
  you worked with them in the netherlands though , correct ? 
  it 's just my anecdotal evidence , i was in the netherlands numerous times and was surprised at the amount of fat people i had seen . 
  it 's hard for me to believe you score lower than germany and poland , all you have to do is go to a random city in those countries and compare results , you 'll see for yourself . 
  there 's no way in hell the netherlands has a lower index than poland, 
  how can you undermine the authority of a migration expert , the guy specializing in migranty things !, 
  oh yes , the joke was very inappropriate and offending , it literally triggered me , shitlord op should check his privilege asap . 
  the turkish guy above did n't get offended from a silly joke , yet you donkeys are up in arms with your pc crap already . 
  ever wonder why people find you annoying ? 
   eu member-states are avoiding their responsibility  avoiding their responsibility  responsibility, 
  no , but it makes your question stupid . 
  are you confused about what the president does ? 
  do you want a photo of him signing the mentioned legistature , thus allowing them to become law ? 
  i remember , the pis government actually lowered my taxes . 
  also , they did not steal my ofe funds . 
  overall quite happy with how they ruled economy wise . 
  why did n't you mention the fact that komorowski did nothing to stop raising your taxes , making your retirement further away and stealing your retirement ofe funds ? 
  is it because you 're still in school and not working ? 
  him making `` gaffes '' is the least of my concerns . 
  did you learn in school about ronald reagan ? 
  do you know who he was before he was elected president of the united states ?
