  he 's not doing much bad , amirite guys ? 
  so stable , so predictable . 
  i totally predicted him stealing my retirement funds , making my taxes higher , and having my mom stay at work after she 's been prepairing for her retirement all her life . 
  and turns out , he did all those things !!!, 
  what a predictable president , just what poland needs !, 
  `` it 's okay to discriminate those i do n't agree with ! '', 
  of course . 
  what i 'm saying is choosing to be a stay at home mom was not shamed , far from it . 
  people in the eastern block were very poor and yet it was not unheard of to have more than 5 kids . 
  in my opinion the modern feminist movement is to blame , for introducing the idea that it 's okay to shame women who want to get married to a working man and have kids with him . 
   oooh noo sister , what about your career , kids are gross , if you dont work in a corporation you are wasting your life away !!, 
  same thing happening in poland , it 's absolute madness . 
  please explain to me how can my body `` decide to gain additional weight '' if i maintain a calorie deficit . 
  sharing europe with african muslims is a great idea , i mean just look at nigeria , seems to work great for them, 
  germany invaded my country less than a hundred years ago , do they have an obligation to give me a free place to stay and a monthly welfare check ? 
  let me know fast , because it sure beats going to work here every day . 
  so many people get shot robbing folks !, 
  if robberies were legal this would not happen !!, 
  most of ukraine does n't have war either, 
  i agree with you completely . 
  why not take some homeless home then and split your paycheck with them ? 
  others needs come before your desires . 
  not if you refuse to give up drinking . 
  smoke weed - it 's legal !, 
   those feminists are n't normal women , amirite ? 
  would you like to be called a fat racist neckbeard mra ? 
  because that 's what you sound like . 
  yeah okay . 
  the name calling was uncalled for . 
  i explained my reasoning above , i wo n't discuss it again here as i 'm just likely to be downvoted . 
  in my opinion it 's a fucked up leftist tabloid full of feminists , sjw rhetorics and overall nutjobs . 
  according to the guardian : sci fi is racist - http://www.theguardian.com/books/2014/dec/09/move-over-hp-lovecraft-black-fantasy-writers-are-coming-through?cmp=share_btn_tw charlie hebdo crossed the line - http://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2015/jan/09/joe-sacco-on-satire-a-response-to-the-attacks beyonce 's daughter 's hair is a microaggression - http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/aug/04/black-hair-natural-get-over-it-beyonce-daughter super hero comics are racist - http://www.theguardian.com/books/booksblog/2014/jan/31/iron-man-white-male-geek-culture-fantasy-science-fiction ... and so on and so on . 
  i do n't see how a normal person can take it seriously . 
  ca n't speak for the others , but i downvote all entries from the guardian , just like from the daily mail . 
  this right here . 
  also , the bush administration was actively consulting with maliki , to the point of bush himself having long talks with the man . 
  obama being too occupied with afghanistan to even acknowledge maliki or consult anything with him clearly did not help . 
  you can learn a valuable experience right now , just go to malmo and drive around . 
  just do n't forget to lock your door . 
  that may be true . 
  but there are people outside of dublin . 
  that 's great , but we 're talking about ireland . 
  not finland . 
  it is the truth , and the downvotes are there because this sub is a circlejerk . 
  you 've been here a while , you should have noticed by now . 
  what ? 
  no it 's not . 
  grocery items cost about the same , gas costs about the same , luxury items and electronics cost about the same . 
  housing very similar outside of dublin . 
  can you explain to me how is the purchasing power `` far different '' ? 
  no reason to waste money finding out where to send anyone back , just offer them a low-rent place and a minimum wage job in hungary , romania , slovakia or poland . 
  something tells me they 'll fuck right off soon enough . 
  calling a bunch of drunks ( out of which half deserted the first chance they got ) `` an army '' is a heck of an overstatement . 
  how about we put it to a vote ? 
  no , right , we ca n't - because then immigration would end overnight . 
  yeah , how about no, 
  what 's the confusion ? 
  i assume you support the annexation of crimea , after all the ethnic russians there need to be protected !, 
  there was also a referendum , and the people spoke , with overwhelming support might i add . 
  sure it was a faked farse , but it was a referendum nonetheless !, 
  germany , but i 'm a silesian , so the polish probably do n't share my opinion . 
  sorry mate , non-whites only . 
  it would be racist if it was equal . 
  last time i was in poland i could have sworn i saw people working !, 
  eurostat must be bullshitting me too , so you 're saying unemployment is a complete 100 % ? 
   do i need to spell it for you ? 
  let me rephrase . 
  why are there next to no refugees in poland , slovakia , bulgaria , romania , hungary ... ? 
  that was my question , which you had not answered . 
  yup , russian and polish are amazingly similar . 
  practically the same . 
  something tells me you have no idea what you 're saying . 
  would you please answer my question ? 
  if the immigrants on boats are all refugees who come from war torn countries to seek shelter , then can someone explain to me how is it that they all flock to the richest countries with highest social securities and welfare ? 
  clearly it should n't matter if you 're a refugee seeking help , do n't you agree ? 
  and yet not so many refugees in hungary , slovakia , poland , bulgaria ... 
  yup , some great thinking right there folks . 
  maybe , just maybe , a picture taken of you at that kind of protest has less of a chance to get you fired in dresden than in berlin ? 
  ever thought about that ? 
  no , of course not . 
  have you been to paris ? 
  or marseille ? 
  i 'm sorry that this does n't suit your particular agendas , but some areas in those cities look as if they were in actual third world countries . 
  i have done some work with academics - and they said the same thing as op . 
  the only russians that are publishing research and are actively attending science conferences are from the us , germany , uk and so forth . 
  next to noone from actual russia . 
  the field was image processing and physics though , i do not know about military research . 
  it 's labour cost , not employee wage . 
  i imagine that when you are getting 3.5 eur , the employer actually pays more because of taxes and social security . 
  absolutely , i am sick of eu socialist politics . 
  psych evals are pseudoscience . 
  friends, 
  agreed , but put belarus and half of ukraine behind it together with russia . 
  the faster we start building the better tbh, 
  oh no , downvotes incoming , the pc police is here . 
  thanks man . 
  anyways i 'm not too worried , it might be a bit hard for them to deliver the letter since i left poland a long time ago, 
  yeah i assumed op had double citizenship . 
  obviously the american is the first to happily die in the name of politicians and corporate elite . 
  be my guest , meanwhile i 'll fuck right off .
