  taxi drivers created a cartel and lobbied to regulate the per-kilometer fee by law . 
  now they obviously ca n't compete with uber , because the same law they lobbied for prevents them from cutting prices , so they want to ban uber instead . 
  you can probably find a lot of them on / r/de and / r/germany, 
  sure , the last time it must have just slipped their mind . 
  no biggie . 
  they sure as hell were n't looking when the previous government was fucking me over . 
  damn, 
  you realise erdogan is democratically elected , right ? 
  did they actually happen ? 
  then they are hypothetical , yes . 
  well i dunno , the last eu-backed government of donald tusk sent special forces to the wprost newspaper office after they leaked tapes of government officials . 
  there 's photos of them forcefully snatching a laptop from the head of the newspaper . 
  not something i would say should happen in a country that has freedom of press . 
  they ca n't convict a husband and wife for the same crime !, 
  oh no , definitely not , they were probably completely unaware of black people 's existence . 
  this being the xenophobic eastern europe , it was definitely the case . 
  yup . 
  yup , just this hundred people , this kind of abuse definitely is n't happening in the german refugee centers for months now . 
  nope . 
  majority voting sure do , the others do n't care enough to vote . 
  you know `` those '' are actually majority in each of the respective countries ? 
  the world is bigger than / r/europe . 
  oh nooo , poles elected an eurosceptic party that gets rid of the old cronies , literally death of democracy amirite !!, 
  i live in munich so not really ... ? 
  berlin was disappointing ? 
  to me it looked like a third world country , piss , shitty graffiti and abandoned buildings everywhere . 
  i definitely would n't recommend . 
  the german media today is trying to win a medal in mental gymnastics . 
  soon i will read on deutsche welle that it was the polish right wing government raping the girls in cologne . 
  the difference is there 's a higher chance of being prosecuted for the former . 
  lmao , i ca n't believe they are writing such shit, 
  agree 100 % !, 
  you realize i speak for europeans right ? 
  because its / r/europe ? 
  i would have thought that was obvious . 
  if they do n't need you there , sure . 
  but america prides itself in draining the world from the greatest minds , and that is my point . 
  if you 're excelling in your field , you are likely to be headhunted straight from university and taken care of . 
  in the meantime , all the foreign students i knew were constantly fighting the polish immigration office , and were greeted with hostility every time they were there . 
  constant bureaucracy , permits , phonecalls etc etc. 
  i imagine this is the same mentality of other european countries as well , and i really can not explain why that is . 
  but at the same time we greet millions of third worlders who are illiterate and come here without papers . 
  it 's absolute madness . 
  you 're not getting my point - if it 's so great , you can literally go and do it right this moment . 
  myself , i 'm fine without it , and without you forcing me to do it to appease your army boner . 
  my life is also pretty much okay , so you can take your holier than thou attitude and fuck off . 
  then make campaigns to increase army volunteering . 
  talking about forcing people to do it under threat of jail time makes you sound like a fascist . 
  i guess banning all sugars , alcohol , cigarettes and making daily fitness trainings would also be amazing !, 
  imaging the healthy society that we would have , if we just forced people to do all kinds of healthy things and threaten then with prison time if they do n't follow . 
  a healthy citizen is good for all society after all . 
  to you and all other supporters - if it is so great , why do n't you just go all in and join the army ? 
  i mean it 's character building and whatnot . 
  you can literally shut your computer and do it right now . 
  just do n't force other people to do it . 
  luckily / r/europe does n't vote in polish elections , 
  the anomaly is people chose a party he does n't like . 
  you can move . 
  in fact why have n't you ? 
  this news is perfect example of fearmongering . 
  the ridiculous reaction and amount of bullshit from all sorts of media is really mindblowing . 
  pis literally worse than politburo amirite, 
  so now that we know your post is bullshit , are you gon na delete it ? 
  so i take it you have an idea how this will in any way curb terrorism ? 
  you wan na lay it on me ? 
  cause i sure as hell do n't see it . 
  you ca n't possibly believe this is about terrorism ... ? 
  this one did it, 
  lmao literally hitler, 
  questionable ? 
  his death squads commited atrocities even nazis would n't commit . 
  dismemberment , raping , inpaling , burning villages with people locked inside , etc. 
  but sure , he was `` questionable '' , whatever floats your boat my friend . 
  truly a hero worthy of ukraine !, 
  euromaidanpress :-d can you please google the name `` bandera '' ? 
  `` banderovets '' is a term associated with western ukraine ? 
  really ? 
  does it absolutely have no other meaning ? 
  are you sure op ? 
  do n't you realise ? 
  it works for germany ( kindergeld ) , but in poland it would never work because reasons !!, 
  you realise that 's complete bullshit since like 90 % of our major media is owned by german companies ? 
  clearly because they are racist . 
   the asylum seekers then sink their boat . 
  and now what ? 
  you either watch them drown and betray everything europe stands for lmao , you 're out of your mind . 
   europe also has no way to enforce integration . 
  the constitution or law codex does not allow stopping people from congregating together . 
  i 'm imigrant myself but i 'm almost alergic to living close to other imigrants even from my country of origin . 
  because i 'm of firm belief that it breeds unwarranted assestment byt that that demographic of itself as an outgroup and through that breeds agressive behavior against majority . 
  yes , it is a generic problem and definitely not only affecting muslim neighbourhood . 
  i mean just look at the superagressive people from french neighbourhoods , italian neighbourhoods , vietnamese neighbourhoods ... 
  i mean they 're all just satanic cradles of violence !, 
  is this what lefties tell themselves now to whitewash the problem ? 
  well it 's certainly more than 0, 
  lmao, 
  it 's only strange if you have no idea what you 're talking about yet state your opinions publicly . 
  if funding is public , then the government elected by the public does actually have some say . 
  does it not make sense to you somehow ? 
  also , i do n't give a shit about the play itself and whether or not it should be shown .
