  if i put a gun to your head , is it also not assault ? 
  i mean i did n't shoot it , just pointed it towards the general direction of your head !, 
  just a threat , totally not assault !, 
  lefties logic :-d threatning their children with a machete would apparently be a-ok , because it 's just a threat !, 
  no real danger there !, 
  and they were probably asking for it too, 
  are you being fucking serious right now ? 
  dude attacks people with a fucking machete and it 's illegal for the police to shoot him ? 
  then what the fuck do they have guns for ? 
  if you refuse to say where you 're from , they ca n't deport you - so yeah , it will work . 
  then fuck right off . 
  might be because the article is shit . 
  did you read it ? 
  nobody gives a shit, 
  exactly, 
  lol , some people are fucked, 
  do you really think eu funds are some kind of a free handout ? 
  newsflash - you 're not `` giving '' me jack shit . 
  so how much money can you give me for free ? 
  100 euro ? 
  80 euro ? 
  well , i can settle for 70 euro . 
  please remember , total blockade is not negotiating !, 
  at least he has a non-mainstream opinion and is willing to defend it , i 'd say that makes him more valuable to this subreddit than half of the posters in here . 
  that makes it okay to seek asylum in the opposite side of the world , which just happens to be the richest country in europe ? 
  i smoke weed sometimes and its also a crime in poland , with actual prison time too , so can i seek asylum in hong kong ? 
  then move to a state without sharia . 
  problem solved . 
  just saved thousand of euros for trafficker 's fee to get to europe . 
  lagos is the de-facto capital of africa when it comes to fashion and design , and they have an open lgbt community . 
  try again !, 
  how can there possibly be legitimate cases from nigeria ? 
  are you aware that boko haram is n't active in all of nigeria , and nigeria is one of the welthiest and biggest economies of africa ? 
  hey did you know that in order to immigrate to the united states , one has to specify his race , education , sex , ethnicity and work background !, 
  omg can u believe that , so sexist / racist / workist / ethnicityist !!, 
  ha , thanks for the offer dude !, 
  i 'm currently doing business in munich but i 'll definitely look if i could get any clients in aus !, 
  always wanted to visit . 
  then what 's up with the `` open arms welcome '' bullshit ? 
  you apply for one , and it can be denied if you do n't match their criteria and requirements . 
  and that 's just for tourists , actually going there to work is way harder . 
  aaaah , the open arms welcome !, 
  makes perfect sense that i need a visa just to visit as a tourist . 
  well i 'm sorry but they should be replaced with competent ones , as plenty of regular corporate company trainings have better interpreters . 
  i 'm sure it seems hard to you but this is a regular profession like many others and people are being paid to do this . 
  ah , so taxpayer-paid , well that explains it . 
  of course , so are lots of jobs . 
  it 's not the most difficult of them all now is it ? 
  if politico 's translators are crap then politico should pay more for better ones . 
  it 's really not rocket science . 
  so is my job but i do n't do it half-arsed or else i would n't get paid . 
  there is no time !!, 
  ship 'em to sweden !, 
   * hot sexy *, 
  popular opinion . 
  seems like the european market is so fucked up at this point that people do n't even know the actual value of the items that they 're purchasing . 
  seems like everything is overpriced by far . 
  even massive clothing stores carry stuff that you can find on aliexpress for 1/10th the price , shipping included . 
  i find myself buying from china/hk more every month , fuck the greedy eu vendors . 
  it 's absolutely not xenophobic and i think you 'd have to be mentally challenged to call that xenophobia . 
  20 euro a day , yeah ? 
  try to make an experiment - get a cup of coffee and observe the beggars from a distance for a while . 
  you 'll find that they make much more than that , at least in the centers of bigger cities or next to churches . 
  bus is not a viable option if you value your sanity . 
  i would n't even make my dog live in london mate, 
  i do n't buy it , there is literally nothing that will stop guys like him from just walking away freely . 
  no checks , no border control , nothing . 
  you have a point of course but it does n't change the fact that it 's still bullshit that you have people from countries like ghana being in refugee camps as if it 's completely normal . 
  see this bullshit right here , my friend from ghana sure looks like an sucker now , paying all this money for school , apartment and language lessons and still being treated like shit in public offices even though he 's working and studying here legally . 
  he should have just burned his passport and walked through the border like it 's no biggie . 
  then give the money back to the taxpayers ? 
  i have literally no clue what that is . 
  and i 'm sorry to tell this to you since you obviously are n't aware , but european people have zero welfare when they arrive in germany . 
  no housing , no education , no welfare , no nothing . 
  none . 
  everybody has to work to be taken into consideration even . 
  so save your `` societal contract '' feelgood bullshit because it just is n't true . 
  of course not , so can you pay for my apartment as well ? 
  kind of makes you look stupid do n't it ? 
  aaah , then everything is tip top !, 
  lots of refugees get even bigger apartments in berlin , there was a story here mentioning that recently . 
  you oughta know , you commented on it , 
  they 'll get free housing . 
  meanwhile a 2 room apartment in munich will set you back 1.2 k euros if you want to rent . 
  some syrian refugees transferred into poland have already been caught entering germany . 
  good luck with your plan , 
  what on earth are you even talking about, 
  the eastern european colonial powers ? 
  none . 
  lots of irish do n't look irish, 
  dude was reloading an ak in a fucking train toilet , it 's not exactly like they had him under control . 
  i 'm talking about normal shops on normal streets , and calling me an idiot is uncalled for . 
  and if you find staring funny then i suggest you visit an islamic country with your wife or girlfriend , you 'll quickly change your mind . 
  when i work in germany , i hear a car-stealing joke at least once a month . 
  i brush it off , but it 's funny - if the jokester told a white-girl-raping joke to a middle eastern muslim , he 'd lose his job in less than three seconds . 
  double standards . 
  dunno about the whole france , definitely paris , 
  i guess he just should n't go to backwards shitholes where people have no respect for visitors, 
  in my opinion it 's absolutely comparable to egypt . 
  staring , shirt pulling , shouting , no prices anywhere - i need to haggle whenever i try to buy even a fucking postcard .
