  that 's highly likely yeah, 
  guess what happens to my company and therefore my employees after i get summoned ... 
  i 'd renounce my citizenship while there 's still time . 
  you are right , but obviously on reddit , rightwingers being shitheads represent the entire right wind movement , but leftwingers being shitheads are just people , you know ? 
  and therefore they can sometimes be in the wrong , it 's their right , i mean who is n't wrong sometimes ? 
  would n't expect anything else from the hivemind . 
  you know , from youthistan . 
  working minimum wage as a cashier ? 
  better be forced to praise your lord at home instead of getting twice the hourly pay working the weekend . 
  it 's for your own good , citizen . 
  corrupt liar in charge of a corrupt lying turd of a party . 
  my opinion . 
  in case you ever change your mind , there 's a polski sklep on every second street in london , come by sometime, 
  german and british tie for close second place . 
  better yet , can someone please tell me why , when an american with a college diploma wants to visit a western european country , he has to go through all kinds of hoops , bureaucracy , fill out forms , wait , wait , wait . 
  then show his earnings , bank account history and proof that he can live without a job for x amount of time . 
  then wait some more . 
  but some dude who ca n't even write latin letters only has to pay a bunch of dollars to some shady dude to get him to europe , burn his passport and claim he 's a refugee . 
  that 's it , all set . 
  someone please explain this to me because i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills here . 
  my country is guilty of it too - my friend from nigeria , after getting his polish university diploma and getting a job , still has to report to the bureau every month , file for a permit to stay , explain his situation and patiently hope they do n't suddenly change their mind and deny it , which they can do if want to without any explanation . 
  someone who 's from chechnya though ? 
  oh no problem then , here 's your free place to stay , food and money every month . 
  put it all on the taxpayer 's bill , no worries . 
  why do you give a shit about eurovision, 
  yup , damn palestinians for example , so antisemitic !, 
  how can that be , i am just shocked !!, 
  it 's not the past . 
  the poles saved the most jewish families out of all nations , and we take pride in that . 
  what you see is not censorship - the guy can say whatever he likes if that 's his thing . 
  i do n't think you know what censorship is . 
  western  but maybe i just work with some fucked up people , who knows . 
  really ? 
  because i work with germans too , and i found that they are very much like you describe , until you actually get to know them and they feel comfortable to speak with you . 
  then they will spew the most racist shit you 've heard , like they 're almost eager to open up the camps again . 
  it 's really weird . 
  they think people are stupid . 
  i have no other explanation . 
  then why not just write `` pakistani '' ? 
  get these guys the fuck out of nato, 
  oh yeah , because it was not an invitation , it was merely a suggestion that everybody might ( but does n't have to be ! ), 
  be welcome . 
  all this wir schaffen das bullshit , all this shitting on hungary for protecting their borders , it was just some badly worded personal opinions . 
  not an invitation , no sir . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  it seems so , but probably only applies to 3rd worlders . 
  well , we did stabilise libya :-d, 
  you bailed on a friend because of one unfortunate piss ? 
  a bit of an overreaction do n't you think ? 
  so you 're telling me that electing leftists to save an economy is not the greatest choice ? 
  well i 'll be damned , who would have thought !, 
  you 'd try civilised discussion with 15 guys who wanted to rape your daughter ? 
  were you gon na debate them out of it ? 
  you are absolutely right , which is why it is best to ban the game for good measure . 
  yup . 
  ca n't let people decide what to do with their time , they 're too stupid for that . 
  ok , i have to ask . 
  is it a real country ? 
  i mean , are there people living there and stuff ? 
  with schools and everything ? 
  was n't just a head of state . 
  the plane was full of high-ranking military officials . 
  for me it 's not agenda but common sense . 
  i live in munich and to be honest i ca n't wait for the contract with my client to end so i can get out of here . 
  the city is beautiful , but it seems like a major terror attack to happen here is a matter of time , hopefully without me and my so anywhere near . 
  to me it seems like you are asking a question to get only the answer you want . 
  you do n't see a difference between educated people legally migrating to work abroad and millions of illiterate third worlders coming without papers to get housing and welfare ? 
  exactly, 
  a legal one . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  if they `` do n't want to '' , they can close up shop and move abroad . 
  banks are operating under certain rules and regulations to ensure they , as institutions , can be trusted . 
  there is no point in these regulations if , in times of crisis , they are worth fuckall - banks get a slap on the wrist and citizens are losing their houses . 
  yeah dude , banks pulled all kinds of sketchy shit in eastern europe . 
  lure is not the right word . 
  they actually made it impossible for people to get credits in pln . 
  you had bank advisors openly telling people that they will never qualify for pln , but easily qualify for chf . 
  he 's got them good feels in his tummy , so it must be good . 
  how is it killing ? 
  just turn away boats . 
  it 's very easy not to drown in that situation - all you have to do is not sink your own boat . 
  trivial , really . 
  i 've been doing it all my life . 
  so do n't be on that boat then ? 
  you realise they are fully aware of what 's happening , as they paid to be on these boats ? 
  it was n't only for that particular ethnic group , but many others as well . 
  i guess you just kind of proved his point . 
  i do n't exactly need to watch a webcam , i 've been in amsterdam many times . 
  on my first visit a dude told me he will cut me if i alert the police that he 's slinging drugs on the corner . 
  right in the city center . 
  it 's crazy that the dutch are pretending nothing is going on when their most famous city is slowly going to shit . 
  i said exactly the same thing on this sub a while ago and got downvoted to oblivion . 
  :-d shame about the city because it 's really beautiful . 
  but it 's a bit hard to appreciate the beauty when middle eastern guys constantly harass for money or want to sell you coke . 
  i 'm a hardcore silesian and i was like wtf , i am being threatened with executions ? 
  : - ddd unbelievable , and this coming from a spaniard , where 2 regions are constantly trying to secede from madrid . 
  :-d i am really depressed that these idiots are getting our tax money ... 
  `` minorities have to be protected , human rights must be protected , we must stand up to protect fundamental human rights ... '' what the fuck are they talking about ? 
  is this about poland or somalia ? 
  same thing in munich .
