  `` this item my friend ? 
  it 's just 50 euro !, 
  25 then !, 
  still no ? 
  fine , 5 euros then my friend ! '', 
  i do n't give a shit about erdogan , installing sharia in turkey or the next caliphate there . 
  it 's their country , they can do whatever they want with it . 
  i 'm giving you my experiences as a tourist , you can take it or leave it . 
  if it hurts your precious lefty feelings then just ignore my post , whatever fits you best dude . 
  if i do n't like being constantly stopped on the street to buy shitty ray ban knockoffs or whatever , shouted at , pulled by my shirt and so on , it means i 'm socially autistic ? 
  you 're funny, 
  so calling muslim immigrants muslim immigrants is hasty bigotry !, 
  got it !, 
  except they actually were muslim immigrants , so the commenters were right . 
  one of the girls that joined isis from britain was 16 , and the newspapers still kept calling her a victim little girl . 
  a guy would be called a `` military-age extremist '' , but girls are obviously vulnerable little flowers incapable of judgement , 
  he has reddit this tbh . 
  that have some in stock over at ammu-nation !, 
  how 's that workin for ya , mr. first worlder ? 
  had any soldiers decapitated in broad daylight recently ? 
  are you kidding me right now ? 
  you live in the uk and you do n't know ? 
  then i hope you educate yourself before it 's too late . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/law/2014/jun/13/jail-someone-for-being-offensive-twitter-facebook apparently you ca n't be glad some motherfucker is dead , because some people might find their fee-fees hurt , and you 'll be jailed for 6 weeks . 
  absolute madness . 
  then you should be perfectly happy with your censorship then . 
  good for you . 
  how was your common sense working when the guardian offices got raided by your government , and all their hard disks were confiscated , completely legally ? 
  or where your police was prosecuting people for `` offensive '' twitter posts ? 
  that 's some funny reasoning . 
  maybe one day you 'll visit an actual censorship state and see how great your ideas work out in the real world . 
  so you 'd rather limit speech than have your feelings hurt ? 
  * get millions of dollars in 1988 from his dad in the party * first business * immediately get enormous shady government contracts right after the fall of communism such a successful businessman , the pillar of free market !, 
  they 're in the eu dude . 
  there , there . 
  it 's ok now . 
  hey , at least they 're not sending us to wars against each other . 
  so there 's that . 
  so british tax money can support an infrastructure for spying on half the continent , but storing video feeds from fucking cctv cams is too extreme of a project ? 
  public money is spent , but when shit goes down then nothing can actually be done - tax dollars at work !, 
  do n't discriminate anyone , and please stop generalising people of muslim faith !, 
  they are wonderful people full of support for each other . 
  not like these motherfucking `` christians '' , amirite u guys ? 
  https://www.google.fr/search?q=sikorski+kulczyk+tasmy sort by the ones during the last month or two , there 's plenty to read, 
  tapes got leaked , he got caught speaking about it on them . 
  probably consulting for his master mr. kulczyk , for whom he 's secretly been doing favours during his time in office . 
  open and shut case , johnson . 
  he killed himself and then locked himself in a suitcase . 
  the fuck do you want from me , i did n't molest anyone ? 
  i pay my taxes too . 
  op wants to abuse the refugee status instead of migrating legally like every normal person , learn to fucking read . 
  do polish people come to germany as war refugees ? 
  the hell are you talking about ? 
  sure , and then he said he wants to come as a refugee , who is not allowed to work and gets accommodation and language lessons for free . 
  i have n't been in poland in a while , but now that you mention it , i do remember the lynchings !, 
  go to sweden op , definitely safer there , plus you 'll have lots of friends in malm\u00f6 . 
  then i do n't see why you would have problems immigrating through regular channels to any eastern european country mate . 
  i had plenty of colleagues from the middle east and africa during my university time in poland . 
  he has to work to pay for stuff, 
  yeah but he does n't want to go to poor countries . 
  he wants to go to the richest ones . 
  though he 's still not sure which one to choose . 
  also , his life is not in any immediate danger , but he still wants to go as a refugee , because fuck it - why not ? 
  free place to sleep and language lessons , courtesy of the taxpayer !, 
  it 's satire ... 
  yeah , not wanting to take thousands of illegal immigrants = literally 1950 's mississippi you guys !, 
  yeah , we did n't really have colonies or participate in the slave trade ( other than being the slaves ) , so you will find no white guilt in poland . 
  modern pediatry is islamophobic !, 
  why do you hate muslims ? 
  why are you such a nazi ? 
  yeah , sure is gon na work great when its 35 degrees . 
  fans do n't magically lower the room temperature, 
  so posting shit in french is celebrating europe 's diversity , but posting swedish is forbidden and will be deleted . 
  he deleted english-written stories about the terrorist guy in france , then posted a sticky with a mixture of french and bad english . 
  there was also a link to a french newspaper - in a sticky post may i remind you . 
  he 's not exactly the sharpest knife in the drawer if you know what i mean, 
  case in point : / r/europe 's most known francophone . 
  the thing is , your percentage includes young people - and young people do n't vote . 
  this is no mystery . 
  so `` actual border control '' vs `` peace in the middle east '' - you tell me which one is more feasible . 
  all i hear is `` this is enough for you , but they need more !, 
  i 'm not ignoring that . 
  greek purchasing power is still higher than i would say most eastern european countries . 
  go look it up . 
  it 's more than an average wage in my country ( gross before taxes ! ), 
  and many others , are you suggesting that starvation is the norm across all eastern europe then ? 
  do you even read what you 're writing ? 
  this is precisely what i mean when i say that some people are disconnected from everyday life of europeans . 
  i was downvoted to hell in this subreddit for stating that 1000 $ is far from a hunger wage . 
  some people are just disconnected from reality ... 
  sure , 0 . 
  `` refugees '' are not allowed to work . 
  just stop handing out free welfare . 
  do you realise most countries in europe do not have illegal migrant problems , specifically for this reason ? 
  what cost of living ? 
  they do n't pay for housing . 
  they do n't pay for food . 
  they do n't work , so do n't have to pay for gas or tickets . 
  electronics and stuff costs exactly the same . 
  what are you comparing , exactly which items are 68 % more expensive for them ?
