  as far as financial reasons are concerned it is n't much of a use unless you want to live here . 
  however , you seem to be interested more in the lingustic value of a language , and in such a case there 's only one answer for the question in title : every single language is worth learning . 
  each language has its anomalies and curiosities . 
   stuff that can get lost in translation we do n't have a word for schadenfreude = /  what do you think is pretty nice or interesting about your language i like that fact that you can change the meaning of a word or its register by adding just a letter . 
  for example : i\u015b\u0107 - go wej\u015b\u0107 - go in wyjs\u0107 - go out doj\u015b\u0107 - come przei\u015b\u0107 - go through zai\u015b\u0107 - come by zej\u015b\u0107 - walk down these are all forms of the verb `` i\u015b\u0107 '' . 
   maybe even something about regional differences ? 
  i do n't know much about dialects , if that 's what you mean . 
  you might want to look at [ this ] ( http://promocjawindiach.orient.uj.edu.pl/wp-content/uploads/mapa4.png ) . 
  green energy lobby goes too deep into the eu . 
  i bet it 's in the eastern europe . 
  mo ' money , mo ' problems, 
  it 's just a german name . 
  the city was founded by slavs . 
  i 'm pretty sure one of my friends serves in the german army . 
  i 'm also sure that he has only the polish passport . 
  what do i think about it ? 
  it 's rather sensitive issue and it should n't be rushed or be part of some special eu programme , but giving such possibilities for people around the eu and establishing quotas for a number of foreigners in the army could have some positive outcomes . 
  these opinion on germany threads are quite popular here nowadays , are n't they ? 
  this one is third this week iirc . 
  that 's [ \u017burek ] ( http://pictures.polandforall.com/images/polish-zur-zurek-traditional-sour-soup-with-eggs-and-kielbasa.jpg ) . 
  i 'll keep it short : try : bigos , pierogi , krokiety , botwinka , makowiec , \u017burek , and much more but these are core in where i live . 
  avoid : [ czernina ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czernina ), 
  that 's something . 
  i 've never heard about it before . 
   i consider the world has a lot to learn from theoretical communism doctrine like what ? 
   you 're more controlled , oppressed and indoctrinated now than ever were under east european communism . 
  yeah , no . 
  the eu is becoming more socialist every second , that 's true , but you must be fucking joking . 
  now , i do n't have monthly visitations from members of the only political party , i can freely say that i 'm for this or that , and against this or that , and i do n't get jailed . 
  habemus , but what 's your point ? 
  no , thanks . 
  i lived under communism , that 's enough of education for me . 
  because it 's a rule of terror , indoctrination , discrimination , theft , oppression , authoritarianism , opposition to self-expression and free speech . 
  that 's what it 's been so far . 
  i wo n't bite more . 
  you find communism good , alright , but for me you 're just a looney . 
  that 's good . 
  neither facism nor communism should be considered options . 
  '' hehe '', 
  the difference is : on gypsies : `` they do n't ever take up any jobs '' on poles : `` they take our jobs '', 
  well , than you really need to consider sealing them off down there if this works out . 
  or it is , i do n't know now . 
  when somebody asks me now i 'll just call it turkish-style coffee . 
  now when i think of it , i 'm gon na give it a try . 
  if it makes my zombie mornings a smaller pain in the ass , it may be worth it . 
  now my stupidity went over the top . 
  [ i thought the name of the brand is jacobs and kronung is the type . 
  i ca n't speak for everyone , but yeah , it seems to be more battery recharger than a pleasant beverage to me . 
  and you 're right about tea from a glass thing , people rather do n't have anything against it . 
  this . 
  also , this is a veeery optimistic scenario . 
  oh my , i 'm so ignorant here . 
  i just put 3 spoonfuls of green jacobs , pour hot water and drink . 
  i get 4 of these a day , though . 
  what a beautiful mind . 
  so it 's the same situation as in poland . 
  maybe we 're leaned a bit further though . 
   what if for example norway would wish to join the euro zone ? 
  :-) too much altruism is n't good either , 
  actually , that 's the first thing i thought as well . 
  are lithuanians in favor of it ? 
  in my opinion , accession to the eurozone should be suspended to at least 2020 . 
  all the obvious problems should be dealt with at first . 
  as far as the gypsies are concerned , 20 years ago we had a rather derogatory term `` rumun '' which was supposed to mean simply gypsy . 
  but i have n't heard this term in 10 years , `` cygan '' is used instead . 
  and my personal opinion abour romania : i had a great holiday there . 
  roads suck big time there , but the trip i had there may be pssobily the best i 've ever had . 
  and we go along to germany to steal your bikes . 
  it was just a response for a pavement level joke . 
  why to worry about the bike . 
  you can always take it back by force , like you like to do . 
  i see your points , but i ca n't agree with them . 
  i 'm sure that a self-governed , non-exploited country which could build its identity , economy and political class since the end of the war would be better off now . 
  almost every aspect you mentioned could be regulated by the free entrepreneurship , especially in the period of the first baby boom which occured after the war . 
  to put it blantly , we were just colonies of moscow for over 40 years and yes , they might helped us somehow with industrialization , but you should n't assume that we would n't do it ourselves if we were able to . 
  not to mention , that in poland we have some unique reasons to hate communism like the katyn massacre , turning down the marshall plan etc. 
  it may make up for 5 % of the problem at most . 
  one positive among billions of negatives . 
  my first guess was a bit different . 
  i thought that may be the result of living in neighborhoods where the crime culture is more prelevant or are simply poorer , therefore more likely to encourage commiting crimes . 
  the clush of cultures a kid has to live with is surely an issue , but i would n't be so sure that it 's the most important factor . 
  that 's interesting . 
  any possible explanations for this phenomenon ? 
  i guess it is in this map because otherwise lithuania would n't have such a big number . 
  volleyball and ski jumping . 
  no chance for positive ourcome ? 
  i read works of two major transcendentalists , emerson and thoreau , and this concept of self-reliance was very visible there . 
  i liked it very much , it is rational and makes much sense . 
  it 's probably one of the factors which built such a powerful country . 
  apparently , you have n't been to germany yet . 
  i had so good internet there that i could possibly control sattelites and hack pentagon , but i could n't watch like 3/4 of youtube . 
  it 's certainly not my invention . 
  most probably i got it from ssc . 
  ca n't say i 'm sure . 
  i read about this building in some magazine , where it was stated that it 's the longest one . 
  longest commieblock in europe : http://wiezowce.blox.pl/resource/falowiec_gdansk.jpg also , a topic about ugly polish buildings on ssc : http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=967926, 
  romania 2 popescu 147,784 descendant of priest what would god almighty say ? 
  i just do n't wish death to people who have other views than mine . 
  you can call it discrimination as many times as you wish , but the fact is that it was how our civilization worked for centuries ( nuclear family ) . 
  also , you seem very leftist , what usually means sensivity to casual people , but on the other hand you wish death to people who are someone 's parents , grandfathers etc.
