  sure , i hope you die soon too . 
  the wall collapsed , but the people who lived behind it are still alive and many of them have mindset which is not as omnipresent in the western countries as it is here . 
  you must understand that it is like the first time the discussion pops out . 
  we had much problem in the last 20 years and ideological matters were n't considered very meaningful , at least in the parliament . 
  even now i hear politicians saying that it 's not a problematic issue at all . 
  i agree that partnerships should have rights equal to marriges ; however , i can see why making such a law is an issue in poland . 
  conservatism is not same everywhere . 
  just look at the us republicans and juxtapose it with european conservatives . 
  also , much different historical context of the two countries . 
  chill out . 
  the church has so much say in poland because it built up its strong position in the era of communism . 
  it will naturally drop down in future . 
  because we have a conservative government . 
  protecting `` family values '' is their agenda . 
  as simple as that i suppose . 
  i need you to enlight me . 
  either you are stupid or stubborn . 
  told you already , integration = / = extension of the eu . 
  in other words , i 'd like all european countries in the eu , which would n't be a federal state with one currency . 
  simple enough ? 
  i see integration is taking power from national governments and continuing federalization , which has nothing to do with accesion of new countries . 
  i think that stable confederation of countries would be more than enough . 
  why would i care about these concerns about poland ? 
  i said integration , not extension . 
  ca n't you see the difference ? 
  i would be for federal state , but only in 100 years or so . 
  the integration process is moving too fast at the moment and the eu may one day hit the wall because of this . 
  for now , i would give up the one currency concept . 
  still , it 's not about their ethnicity , but about their culture . 
  they are defending their heritage . 
  i think you should grow up and accept that tradition is very important for some people . 
  what would be that party worth voting for ? 
  that 's only a guess but i think that may be the result of interior migration after the wwii . 
  people living in the east tend to stick more to traditions and religion ( therefore supporting pis ) , while people who left their ancestry land tend to be more liberal . 
  that assumption comes from my experience as someone who lives in the west and has all his family in the east . 
  man , sometimes i wish the ussr gave the communism lesson to more western countries . 
  wo n't you agree that the us in decline since the ww2 ? 
  it 's oviously still the main powerhouse but we know for sure that china will take over this position in the current decade . 
  for me , this is just too much `` solidarity '' at once . 
  i see it as punishing people for their economical success . 
  i do n't see it working not only from the moral standpoint , but also from the economical . 
  in the long term such a measure is a factor which discourages creative , success pursuing people . 
  on the other hand , i may be wrong and it will be interesting to watch the outcome of this whole issue . 
  although i think ~ ~ 37 ~ ~ 75 % tax is a theft , i do n't believe it can be shelved in france . 
  from what i see the majority of the french supports it . 
  yeah , i get it and even in this hypothetical scenario my answer remains the same . 
  the eu is certainly on its way towards a federal state but well , some people , including me , wish it wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  pavlik morozov also held his own opinion , 
  none . 
  why ? 
  you can work on the surface of bilateral treaties . 
  austerity at its finest . 
  that 's like an adverisment of plumbers and house-maids . 
  on a serious note , it is because the eastern school systems are still oriented on stiff principles , while the western tend to be more oriented on encouraging creativity . 
  i find the latter more appropriate in our times . 
  and the oversensitive users should stop bitching every 5 days . 
  also , i disagree that anyone writing regularly on this subreddit should be banned , even this retarded 7500 guy . 
  for example , i do n't know any person eating lunch at noon . 
  it 's 3 p.m. at the minimum . 
  putting cabbage and mushrooms into everything e : letter, 
  yes , i made a generalization . 
  however , it is pretty obvious i was n't reffereing to humans ' inherent rights . 
  i will just remind you that we had here the largest manslaughter in the modern history last year . 
  in a country where guns are banned . 
  why would they ban it ? 
  the guy would do it anyway . 
  you mentioned a chinese who slaughtered similar number of victims and the anti-arms policy in china is very rigid . 
  by the way , i think that calling any measure of control `` progressive '' is an overuse . 
  i wish them to be their last, 
  wow . 
  maybe because the topic in the thread concerns islam believers who are immigrants ? 
  sir , you are a communist . 
  you 've got no bloody idea how economics work , do you ? 
  you must be joking . 
  man , this ceremony is so extremely boring . 
  i wonder how the rest resisted the urge for sleeping . 
  what is the most important , or let 's say popular , policy expcted to be implemented by the winning party ? 
  myself , with different expressions on each note . 
  also , the bigger value , the more enthusiastic face . 
  or just puppies because i 'm fed up with seeing pilsudski and john paul ii everywhere . 
  we need to make it official someday . 
  i see it as a very bad argument for giving up your soverignity . 
  i see it as an evolution vs revolution . 
  in `` evolution '' , small entepreneurships are able to adjust , have more time and well , the middle chain of money transition stays here . 
  on the other hand , what we went throught was `` revolution '' , where everything is quite on the contrary . 
  also , you may not support this belief , but i do : money has nationality , so yes it is a bit of german vs polish . 
  but the worst thing is , it is a great struggle now for polish industries to compete with the western ones . 
  it is important to notice that we gave up this `` evolution '' approach ourselves , nobody forced us to do this . 
  in return we aquire a lot of eu funds , so it 's something for something . 
  that is also why poland will be always like alabama in the us . 
  i ca n't believe you do n't see the difference . 
  how could possibly any polish chain stand up against such a wealthy one ? 
  economics is a very broad term . 
  my friend 's family went bankrupt when we joined the eu and lidl company decided to build 4 of their supermarkets in my 40k town . 
  basically , the eu destroyed polish small business . 
  oh my , kopacz has just motivated me to go to the polls even though i did n't plan to . 
  what a crook . 
   most east europeans are just racists  i do n't think you know what you 're saying . 
  meh , keep living in this fantasy of yours where germans are leaving a trail of flowers and rainbow behind them when they 're walking , while on the other side of the oder live cruel slav orcs . 
   i do n't understand it myself because you never used to hear this air of thing from warsaw pact countries , and yet they too were left-wing .
