  leftism was forced upon us . 
  anyway , one word ca n't describe the people views . 
  one can highly value ` human rigths ' without having the messiah complex . 
  that 's a good one . 
  why would you address a pole with such a matter ? 
  there 's [ robert burneika ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_burneika ) , lithuanian bodybuilder who is probably known to people in the business , but usually hardly outside of it . 
  however , in poland the guy is a living legend and most of the people know him . 
  he 's speaking polish fluently and has made some funny/informative videos in our language and is pretty much chill guy overall . 
  well then i believe it is your internal problem . 
  british people calling other british racists . 
  in poland , we have n't used this racism rhetoric when the uk migration has been discussed . 
  just so you know . 
  it is indeed a hypocrisy . 
  but on whose side ? 
  who calls you racists ? 
  sources for germany pushing for the south stream ? 
  do you might know any good reads in english as to why it did not work out ? 
  sure . 
  i have been there 3 times and it has always been rad . 
  beatiful landscape , interesting history , very likeable cities , nice weather . 
  i love mountain hiking and conoeing so being in proximity of austria and in balkans would be nice as well . 
  in the context of living for years in a country croatia looks quite nicely because i could live as comfotably there as i do in poland with my job . 
  also , it is quite easy for a pole to get along with croatians since our languages are both slavic , and even though you do n't seem to know much or care about our culture there has always been a cool vibe when i mentioned where i came from . 
  on the other hand not all people were great . 
  i met some somber assholes and got told to get the fuck out from some bald head nationalists so there 's that . 
  still 5th on my list of countries i would choose to live in europe . 
  just after v4 . 
  edit : just to clarify my last sentence . 
  i chose croatia in this case because even if i like v4 more , i 'd choose croatia now just to change the environment , for a couple of years at least . 
  i voted croatia . 
  ama, 
  it 's so detached from reality that i acually thought it 's a joke at first . 
  we have enough of our own people needing accomodation , i do n't see a reason to distribute it to the others . 
  at least any government bowing to this is out from the politics for long years so there 's that . 
  [ he is just waiting to reclaim his tsardom . 
  ] ( http://spartacus-educational.com/00tsar1.jpg ), 
  majority . 
  ussr mentality is strong there . 
  firstly , they should create filters so guys like you could just turn off the content they do n't want to see . 
  how to fight flooders ? 
  if i knew that i 'd be probably mod myself . 
  one thing is sure , they have to focus on individuals because what they tried - censorship is almost always subjective and causes people to feel submitted to ideas they do n't agree with . 
  also , unlike you i really believe that if the issue would actually be solved one way or another , that is stop being so important for europeans , the topic would not be as hot and would die out naturally . 
  do it . 
  you are free to do it and that 's the whole point . 
  getting upvotes is another thing . 
  in my opinion , mods should work againist brigading , spam , flood etc. 
  by other means than narrowing the content they , or anybody , find not favourable . 
  [ white ribbon ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1149362/ ), 
  no they did n't . 
  they shut all months - both flooders ' and normal users ' . 
  i do n't really care much about immigration as it barely affects my living but it is clearly the most important issue europe faces now , so would n't it be the most disscused one as well ? 
  also , op from your example might have an agenda , so what ? 
  people are going to upvote it if they agree and downvote if they would like for him to fuck off . 
  lastly , there will always be things reposted on reddit . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  i 'd prefer a discussion on importants topics relevant to europe instead of funny italy stories . 
  for each their own i guess . 
  oh yeah you just pooped all over my party thank you very much !, 
  hey , i drank it when i was in hungary . 
  it was decent . 
  actually i know some bits about estonia , whole lot about lithuania but almost nothing about latvia ( riga , protestant , livonian order , hansa , many russians ) . 
  shame on me i guess . 
  the salt mine is dope . 
  he 's not taking part in the elections because his party has very little to no chance to get the majority . 
  good move i 'd say . 
  i 'd pick slovakia just before hungary and czech republic . 
  i really like all the countries as much as i like poland , but slovakia tops the rest with the tatry mountains . 
  sorry guys but i hope people wo n't give you the recognition you deserve in my lifetime because it could turn to tourist hell very easily . 
  oh , to answer your concerns , the main reason for me would be the fact that slovakia is not very good at exporting it 's culture . 
  so what ? 
  no polish people who actually live in this country should shut their mounths about immigration because some irrelevant guys decided to leave the country ? 
  i ca n't see a bit of irony here . 
  i cringe everytime these divisions come up . 
  i 've got a great idea . 
  let 's take a ruler and make two straight crossing lines in the middle point and group countries into 4 sqaures . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  hopefully that was just an example of poor sense of humour . 
  well ... 
  he is surely a novelty on a politicial scene made of concrete . 
  he is a populist freak but besides the stupid shit you could here today he makes some good points . 
  no way he will be treated seriously over here but i can genuinely understand people voting for him - he 's like a guy nobody likes but talking about him or his actions makes a good conversation topic . 
  where do you see a rant ? 
  he tells you how the situation is depicted in here and you do n't even address the point . 
  oh , and ` tremendous ' is well ... not very accurate . 
  what i said was that poland basically sold the market to the west for the money you see up there . 
  as someone mentioned before one can get some amount of ` free ' money and be only able to buy german products for it . 
  in such case we are just pumping more money in the german economy/industry . 
  i think that strings attached to the eu money overcome profit for the polish , therefore we did n't need it in the first place . 
  now , taking this money away might work like taking coke from the addict . 
  ca n't really give a solution , just pointing out a problem . 
  the euros you see in the ops graph do n't really tell much . 
  so one of the concerns of many polish people is the fact that our companies ca n't withstand the competitors from west and the money we recieve from eu is not close to being good deal for us . 
  it 's a classic rod-fish dilemma . 
  we recieve fish but one day we can just starve . 
  personally , this argument is something we should worry about . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  there wo n't be any change concerning life of lgtb people in poland at all . 
  the only thing that could possibly happen is duda blocking some law here and there , but komorowski was n't doing anything for your cause as well so why would you support him ? 
  fairly so .
