  ask yourself if you want a circlejerk or the next obamaissofuckinggreat subreddit or try to discuss and touch on difficult matters concerning europe . 
  and if recievers of op 's post are guys such as 7499 than better learn to ignore obvious trolls . 
  i mean , being called a nazi ( what ? 
  nazi killed my grandpa ) when i suggest that immigration is an important issue to discuss shows that there 's something wrong here . 
  well , thanks for actually admitting it . 
  usually people just keep on denying that we are seen in the eu ( great integrating project !, 
  sigh ) as some kind of third world people . 
  i upvote you because any minority can turn to be pain in the ass . 
  well , my guess is the poles in the uk do n't want to apply sharia law in your country . 
  and , uh , are n't we in the same cultural pot ? 
  we can learn from them how our tolerance can be used against us . 
  no they must n't . 
  they are led by private entrepreneurs and owners , and the free market , should be the only ones dictating remuneration quotas . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftgt-iu--zm&amp;feature=plcp ), 
  seemingly a country you live in was n't taught a very important lesson given to my country , and the whole eastern europe , by bolsheviks . 
  no tax should levy more money from you than you earn because it 's a larceny . 
  assessment of such high tax is an obvious economic failure , and in my opinion there 's no single reason for implementing it . 
  since when anti-multiculturalism is something negative ? 
  that 's how you show your tolerance , right ? 
  those who do n't think like me are racist bastards , is that it ? 
  if that thread is n't a wind-up than fuck you op . 
  ca n't deny i 'm a jeans and t-shirt user . 
  maybe i was n't clear enough : level of stylishness is for me as interesting and important data as number of people having a pancake on their forehead per square meter . 
  really ? 
  stylish ? 
  what kind of quality is that ? 
  damn, 
  got ta love croatia . 
  if it 's not a sarcasm : after the nazi sentence i wanted to throw at you all insults i have ever learned , turn off the theard and never come back to see such stupid texts . 
  however , i decided to point out some evidences of stupidity you left here . 
  first off , you said that no culture is superior to another - total bullshit . 
  how is the culture which treats women as second category humans as good as the western ? 
  `` we 're equal '' . 
  what the fuck ? 
  you are n't even equal to your father/mother/neighbour , let alone people of other culture . 
  i agree that every culture should be respected but only if this culture respects yours . 
  nazi ? 
  is everybody who priviliges more conservative approach a nazi ? 
  no , neither every guy who supports welfare state is a communist . 
  edit : i think i just fell in . 
  well , i knew that this subreddit is extremly leftist and this theard stabilized the impression . 
  i would rather say that some left leaned lobby is working on here . 
  this czech guy with tattooed face or rowan atkinson . 
  do n't know yet . 
  it was pretty nice . 
  still , i liked the bejing one better . 
  there was a motif in tonight opening i really hated . 
  the one where a guy and a girl were texting , that was awful and the history of the british music should be done more interesting as it deserved it . 
  i 've got everything here but bikeroads of amsterdam and job opportunities of germany . 
  what is poland at the moment ? 
  a post-colonial country . 
  for the first time since the beginning of the 20th century we have had 20 years of the non-exploited state of stability , and this is cool . 
  however , 50 years of capitalism makes it really hard to catch up with the west . 
  sorry but this is bullshit . 
  do n't forget gondolas . 
  rome is the most overcrowded place i 've ever been to . 
  however , i am far from discouraging you from going there . 
  architecture and history make up for the inconveniences . 
  i think you have to reread what you wrote . 
  surprised_by_bigotry has already pointed out your blunders . 
  what 's more , you expressed it like being slav is something wrong and imply that in denmark there are no racial issues , which is obviously a fallacy . 
  also , i 've been many times to ukraine and i have n't seen or heard about anything concerning lack of toleration . 
  that makes me think you have never been there and your opinion is stated on the base of media , what is also malign . 
  you have mentioned about a pride parade , but what exactly does it have to do with the ukrainians ? 
  such an environment is created by the government , not by the nation . 
  seriously , this is one of the most stupid comments of all time . 
  we had one there  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miros%c5%82aw_hermaszewski, 
  i guess the reson for so small quantity of voluntary workers in poland comes down to the short tradition of such activities . 
  however , i know a lot of young people doing that . there surely will be more and more of them in future . 
  pro , more joint policies and higher level of cooperation but still confederation, 
  some of you say that the language barrier is not a big deal , however , over the years it has been the major element of division among the europen countries . 
  no matter how strong the power of globalization will be the languages will always hinder european integration , that is all . 
  wow , almost all songs are even bad . 
  british is the one i like . 
  just came here to tell you that you 've got great football supporters . 
  everytime your team played they backed them to the end . 
  sorry you did n't make it to the quarterfinals . 
  god i forgot how i used to love this . 
  it 's not polish but it 's my anthem as well . 
  [ szczecin philharmonic ] ( https://minimalissimo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/barozzi-veiga-szczecin-philharmonic-hall-01.jpg ) was awarded the european union prize for contemporary architecture in 2015 . 
  really cool building . 
  i thought of only very popular and having country names in the titles . 
  probably much more of these exist . 
  [ kocham ci\u0119 jak irlandi\u0119 - i love you like ireland . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqnrepqq1yq ) [ hiszpa\u0144skie dziewczyny - spanish girls ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rdg6guv-wq ) [ hej rosjanie - hey russians ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phhhte_vo0a ) edit : oh you wanted songs which praise other countries . 
  well , the first one might be taken as such . 
  while i think that your ` rant ' contains some valid points , it seems to be mostly populism in its pure polish form . 
  by the way , to non-poles , the op 's post is probably the most typical view of the polish eurosceptic people towards the eu . 
  firstly , you must understand that any democracy forces the losing minority to something . 
  this is quite normal . 
  now why the eu rule has more importance than the rule of polish governement ? 
  because we as people , as well as all the previous governments agreed to that . 
  from the very beginning we knew this is something more than the eec . 
  as far as your second point is concerned , what people want is not always right . 
  average joe does n't have to understand politics , that 's why we have politicians in the first place . 
  not to mention that a state within the eu should feel obliged to help the other if there is a need for it . 
  while quotas and relocations seems like bullshit idea , if poland was asked to secure the eu border and denied , it would be a massive disgrace . 
  emission of co2 . 
  yes , it 's not fair .
