  it 's the most beautiful city i have visited . 
  on the other hand , i would n't like to see it go ` full paris ' . 
  polish people do n't like to think about pkin this way because it was uncle stalin who ordered to build it . 
  it 's not going anywhere so in my opinion we should embrace our `` socrealist empire state ''  oh , and i think most people , if asked under duress , would find one landmark in poland they know - nobody brought up auschwitz . 
  it seems fair enough to me it 's not associated with poland . 
  that 's great to hear . 
  thank you for the insight . 
  it 's a pity most people west of odra do n't know much about places like prague . 
  well , i guess it 's our , that is ex-communist states , fault that we do n't export our culture as effectively as we should . 
  [ like it better now . 
  i 'm sure you know paris and the eiffel tower , as well as london and their big ben , etc. 
  can you come up with some examples of landmarks from other eu countries ? 
  what are the concerns ? 
  slovakia is a glorious place for people who are into hiking . 
  it 's also cheap and people are very welcoming outside of tourist focused towns . 
  i really loved my 2 weeks there and i 'm planning on going back to slovakia in july . 
  czech uncontested national territory, 
  dolan ( pls ), 
  if you say so . 
  i am quite sure eu is bad for poland in the long run anyway . 
  you know it was n't for free , do n't you ? 
  who sold you this kind of bullshit ? 
  anyway , better do n't buy a car from him . 
  i fully agree . 
  it 's not really a hell to live here but you only need to cross the oder to find yourself in a country with four times larger economy . 
  we should never be compared with the west , it 's just another league . 
  that 's hilarious when american says that, 
  it 's more like solidarity with ukraine . 
  polish business is also at loss when it comes to the sanctions . 
  i also do n't think they were issued in the first place because poland asked for them , attitudes were quite similar in the eu when the conflict began . 
  not that i care , just one thing . 
  the fact that you recreated our country is literally mentioned in our national anthem and it 's widely ackngowledged . 
  and yes , politics around ww2 are still a hot topic here . 
  look up german general uniforms . 
  their uniforms had a lot of red elements and i 'm quite sure similar pants to these used in the platform were part of their garderobe . 
  such a face ruining anecdote . 
  i actually chuckled  good one, 
  mostly rated as the best director in poland at the moment . 
  how is that buffoon named juncker rated do highly ? 
  seriously , it does n't make any sense, 
  polish government is what it is , but : - `` obstreperous member '' - talking about benefits poland receieves for being in the eu without any information how other countries benefit from using the market freely - `` poland the party pooper has failed to materialise ( for now ) as warsaw and the rest of the visegr\u00e1d four have withdrawn their threat not to sign the final declaration at the eu 's birthday bash at the weekend . '', 
  the article is biased and not really much informative . 
  not really a fan of the website . 
  it always baffles me how different is the view of the plc in lithuania compared to poland . 
  or ... a precedent ? 
  [ fyi mate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/two-finger_salute ), 
  it seems to have been done by some edgy polisg guy or someone with no basic knowledge of polish politics . 
  not that i disagree but they did not seem very xenophobic to me . 
  could you provide some sources ? 
  i ca n't believe that the germans taking part in the poll had that in mind but your point is fair and i can not prove that . 
   eu was founded because of specific values . 
  not left-liberal ones , but specific values . 
  economic integration was a means to this end , not the other way round . 
  what would be these specific values ? 
  it seems that there was one significant value established by maastricht treaty , namely cooperation . 
  the result would suggest that most important cooperation there could be , which is taking care of each other 's safety , is not valued highly . 
  by the way , i did n't mention it earlier but i think that poland 's result is much too low and it is a disgrace as well . 
  another german guy below wanted at least to keep us within european sphere by creating eastern eu . 
  you suggest us joining the us . 
  the next one will send us to mars . 
  i ca n't really find quickly any historical data on that . 
  it 'd seem reasonable but who knows . 
  the us should be the only country to be counted on anyway . 
  and what other kind of serious military conflict would be possible ? 
  poland being an agressor and retaking lviv ? 
  it 's rediculous . 
  why would the nato be replaced with the eu in the poll ? 
  military alliance is far more importat in context of the question asked . 
  do n't get me wrong , really . 
  i know what the attitude towards my country/other eastern european countries is in the west . 
  i can see that there are a lot of folks here who are crazy about the idea of ever closer union and a poll like this should , hopefully , be a kind of reality check for them . 
  let 's just agree that we do not really care about each other and are in it only for the money and everything will be set . 
  no solidarity and values bullshit . 
  also , you are right about wars not being a question of direct democracy but lack of popular support is historically a huge problem for a country waging a war . 
  well , the poll op posted does clearly show that some values , like honouring alliances , differ between some countries in the current union . 
  maybe it should , maybe not . 
  i do n't really care for that . 
  yadayada european project yadayada, 
  european ` union ' from western point of view , 
   no , they should be free to choose what they want to do , simple . 
  and who forbids them m80 ? 
  good to hear that , this show sucks though promoted epic sax guy , who actually kicks asses . 
  communism 2.0, 
  he 's pretty right , as in the contemporary eu a country which has money wields the power , and poland is not yet as an economical power as , say , france . 
  i 'd say that poland can become one day a major player in the eu but it is going to take much longer . 
  he is doing great, 
  i 'll just introduce you [ ewa sonnet ] ( http://cdn.primecurves.com/ewa-sonnet-milk-bath/4.jpg ) from poland, 
  i do n't really know much about the situation of the polish minority but i know that some media depicted grybauskaite as the one worsening relations between poland and lithuania . 
  also , there was a learning of polish in schools case and another one concerning street signs , as far as i can remember . 
  that 's very true . 
  we are a goddamn depressed nation . 
  we also have a couple of matters which help to build up an overall schizophrenia . 
  haha . 
  nice job, 
  do n't you really think their arguments are rational . 
  i mean , i am pro-choice but can easily understand their point of view and see see it as reasonable . 
  in my opinion abusing the downvote is the largest problem of this subreddit . 
  i see a guy in this thread who has a different view than me and he is being downvoted though using reasonable arguments . 
  i do n't know what to think guys . 
  it has been like 4th post like this coming in 2 months and everytime i feel uncomfortable , like someone is trying to hush people with different world views than the mainstream .
