  it is snp policy for post independence . 
  if independence happens other parties might have different policies on currency . 
   in any case , fine , but you should realise monetary union is going to mean fiscal union , or you wo n't have any control over your currency . 
  it 's what the uk said regarding the euro and it 's unlikely we wo n't demand it from scotland . 
  following it to its logical conclusion as we 've seen from europe , a hypothetical scotland that just voted for independence would probably find that politically unacceptable . 
  the scottish economy and the ruk economy are very similar at the moment and unlikely to diverge quickly . 
  i would n't be in favor of using sterling indefinitely , but i see nothing wrong with using it as a stop gap measure . 
  come on now europe . 
  scotland is the part of the uk that wants to be in the eu . 
  prostitution is a symptom of problems in society . 
  the problems need to be tackled directly , not their result . 
   how is it the best possible government ? 
  i think the poster is referencing plato http://legacy.fordham.edu/halsall/ancient/plato-republic-philosopherking.asp https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plato%27s_five_regimes#aristocracy, 
   not the people who live in those countries ' neighbours . 
  wait ... eurovision is voluntary ? 
  i thought it was some post world war 2 thing to ensure war never happened again . 
  how could any side have the moral to fight after hearing their embarrassing eurovision entry being mockingly bellowed across the trenches . 
  it is one of the few articles to come out of london media that actually understands the nationalist movements . 
  the entertaining thing is that there are seats in government for bishops in the church of england . 
  the lords spiritual http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lords_spiritual this means that in the uk today there exists political roles that woman are excluded from based solely on their gender . 
   the recent lib-dem report on scottish devolution would argue otherwise , they never bothered taking the last one seriously , why should anyone else even look at their new one ? 
  the lib dems had their chance on federalism , but it turned out to be another of their uturn policies . 
  now they 've no credibility their new proposals are practically the definition of jam tomorrow . 
   are you my ` family ' , willing to look to the interests of me and mine as i would to you and yours , or are we merely neighbours ? 
  i have no idea what you mean here . 
   but why is scotland thinking about leaving now ? 
  westminster is not a good political institution . 
  mp 's being elected by fptp means that we can get a majority government in westminster that has very little scottish representation . 
  it also causes the parties to adjust their policies to center around the swing constituencies , which are considerably removed from popular opinion in scotland . 
  there is clearly an ideological divide between scotland and england ( and i would n't say it was left/right , more that scotland has rejected thatcherism ) and westminster is not flexible enough to allow this . 
  the solution to this was supposed to be devolution , it was implemented in the late 90 's and is very popular . 
  it has worked very well for scotland and there is a great deal of support in the polls for devolution to continue . 
  however , unfortunately westminster is unwilling to cede any real power , particularly relating to taxation . 
  this means we have a government in scotland with spending powers , but no real say over its budget . 
  the problem of the scottish government delivering what people want with the budget and taxation set by an ideologically different uk government is challenging and the situation is less than ideal . 
  it reduces the effectiveness of the scottish government to help encourage growth in areas where the economy is struggling . 
  it is also difficult to see how this could be resolved and how devolution could continue without england getting involved ( issues like the west lothian question and scottish representation in westminster would become a lot more important ) and there seems to be little political will in england to make this an option . 
  all that combined with the fact that various intergovernmental european organisations exist in a relatively peaceful time mean scottish independence is something worth considering . 
   that said , it 's a stupid graphic that ignores the fact that further devolution for a scotland within the union is an inevitability , just as it is for the other parts of the union . 
  that is a big claim . 
  the scotland act 2012 was a big disappointment , the third option on the referendum was shot down ( even by the lib dems ) and labour/conservatives refuse to comment on questions of any extensions of powers . 
  i think this shows devolution has stalled , it can not proceed without making the asymmetry between uk countries too great . 
  england would need to get involved in some way for which there is no apparent political will . 
  why is having a head of state even necessary ? 
  nothing like blowing up funny looking people with strange accents and weird customs to stir up some patriotism . 
  cameron needs his falklands moment ... 
  different visions . 
  the maastricht treaty added eu citizenship as well as uk citizenship, 
  scottish residents are eu citizens . 
  point to a process whereby their eu citizenship can be revoked without their consent and a reason why the eu would want to do so . 
  i really do n't see it being all that interesting . 
  assuming a yes vote in 2014 i do n't think anyone assumes independence will happen there and then . 
  during the negotiation period i can not see the eu kicking out x-million citizens depending on who gets what when it comes to succession . 
  i am beginning to find this ideal speculation and fear mongering tedious . 
  the difference with spain is that it considers itself as one country in its constitution , not just a political union of countries . 
   so in your proposed system of income guarantee , people who today work for minimum wage would get about the same amount of money as folks who do n't work at all ? 
  i 'm reading it as everyone gets the state wage , if they work more they get the additional money on top of what they are being paid . 
   if you can find remedies to activate people efficiently , then definitely this should be looked as one real option . 
  i think people would manage to do this by themselves . 
  besides , even if they do n't , what right do you have to judge ? 
  i 'd like to see what simon cowell could do with this . 
   one can certainly argue that thatcher could have carried out the reforms differently , done more to ease the transition and help people recover . 
  but to say the north is poorer than the south thanks to thatcher , as if it would be the case otherwise , is bollocks . 
  it not the sole reason but it is a serious contributing factor and most certainly due to how the reforms were carried out . 
  the mantra of thatcherism was that when the inefficient and bloated manufacturing was removed and the unions destroyed that private investment would move in to pick up the slack . 
  unfortunately this did not happen fast enough leading to the famous unemployment of the 80s , the loss of the skilled workforce and the destruction of entire communities . 
  you still do not need to travel far to find ghost towns where all industry died off in the 80 's , nothing moved in to replace it and there is nothing there for people to do . 
  that is why the blame for north/south divide is placed at thatcher 's feet . 
  she entrenched it for at least a generation . 
  it does n't help her image that she was utterly without compassion whilst doing it . 
  tony blair is a bit more well known . 
  you should probably phrase that as `` i agree with tony blair '' maybe put it as your flair ? 
   i 'll pass doubtful, 
  this is unsubstantiated nonsense . 
  perhaps prior to devolution this was the case ( poll tax ) . 
  not anymore . 
  scary to think this troll stands a non-ignorable chance of being the next pm in the uk http://www.oddschecker.com/specials/politics-and-election/british-politics/next-prime-minister, 
  the telegraph exists to protect the business interests of the barclay brothers . 
  it suffers from a lack of editorial independence and allowing its opinion pieces to leak into news reporting . 
  it frequently makes mistakes when discussing regional issues around the uk and misrepresents figures . 
  in short it suffers from the worst of what plagues modern british journalism and its reporting is to be taken with a very large dose of salt . 
  a paper of record perhaps , a paper of worthy of good repute it is not . 
  the telegraph is not a `` serious '' newspaper . 
  it is the daily mail for people who think themselves too good to read the daily mail . 
  i would not take their views on germany as being shared by a majority of the uk public . 
  citation needed . 
   they 're right . 
  polices like `` free prescriptions for all '' are populist nonsense . 
  running a means tested setup has its own overheads . 
  ( from 2007 , prior to free prescriptions for all )  currently under charge exemption rules around 50 per cent of the population qualify for free prescriptions . 
  around 92 per cent ( 68 million ) of items dispensed in scotland are supplied to patients free of charge . 
  http://www.scotland.gov.uk/news/releases/2007/12/05141211 is it worth incurring the cost of means testing for the 8 % of non-free prescriptions ? 
   in that case would you expect the south to get a special , regional say in the policies of the national government ? 
  i do n't know if you are wanting me to defend the current setup . 
  i 'm not saying that it is only unfair to scotland , or that i will only point out when it is when it is not working in my interest . 
  it 's flawed and i 'm interested to see how it could be fixed . 
  personally , i 'm all in favor for devolved english parliament ( s ) and making the welsh assembly a full parliament . 
  i would then have a federal government made up of representatives from all regions within the uk to manage foreign affairs and defense ( i 'd also base this federal government in blackpool , but that 's not important ) . 
  i would not expect that federal government to come to big decisions without consulting with the parliaments for each region . 
   would a coalition of parties who formed a government without the cdu/csu , which are overwhelming voted for in the south , be expected to specially consult with representative of bavaria before making a decision ?
