  the question is whether tuition fees have affected the rate of growth . 
  the article you linked to did not address this . 
  the students that are currently going to university have been told all their lives that they will go to university ( was it 1997 blair 's 50 % target ? ) . 
  they will have put some thought into it and studying elsewhere due to cost would not have been a factor whilst they were being schooled . 
  many will have had brothers and sisters go to certain universities . 
  there will be some inertia leaving them predisposed to studying in england and ill-aware of alternatives . 
  over time consideration of studying elsewhere due to costs will factor more into a decision of where to study . 
   average graduate wage is more like 29,000 odd . 
  it 's clear that , in general , graduates are more successful financially . 
  yeah . 
  and they are already taxed on this additional income through normal income tax , progressively so as they earn more . 
   i 'm pretty sure 9 grand is n't the whole cost of one 's degree . 
  right . 
  tuition fees for english residents studying in scotland are capped at # 9000 . 
  tuition fees for scottish residents studying in england are capped at # 9000 . 
  same . 
   ok , also , let 's let oxbridge give priority to english applicants while we 're at it . 
  it 's not like the scottish universities do that , right guys ? 
  what ? 
   yeah , i do n't buy that i 'm afraid . 
  secondary , absolutely . 
  but not primary . 
  well here is the test . 
  can you name a successful country without a higher education system ? 
  but i am sure you can name a successful individual who has n't been to university . 
   plus it does n't look like the increase in tuition fees has phased students at all . . give it some time . 
  they do n't . 
   because the money for such programs has to come from somewhere , and it might as well come from the primary benefactor of the degree . 
  the primary benefactor is the country . 
  leaving the planning of the future skilled workforce to the amalgamated analysis ' of 17 year olds deciding on whether to take on # 30,000 of debt is incredibly risky . 
  this is especially dangerous when other countries offer free education and there is very little tying would-be-students to england . 
  there is a competition here and england is very , very highly priced for the product which it offers . 
  the market will price them out . 
  tuition costs practically nothing , especially in comparison to the returns it provides to the economy over the next forty years . 
   the nhs is a great investment as well . 
  keeping people alive is super important and we all pay ni to fund that ni is not especially for the nhs . 
  it can be considered just part of a normal income tax . 
  closest thing to a tied tax we have in the uk is the tv license . 
  why a graduate tax ? 
  why charge at all ? 
  education is the best investment that a country can make . 
   certainly not going to stop anyone affording a house . 
  yeah . 
  but lets be honest . 
  an additional # 30,000 of debt is the least of their problems in buying a house . 
  but there is a option where they can have that debt , and an option where they do n't . 
  other countries have cottoned on to that . 
  unfortunately england 's message to students is `` fuck off elsewhere to study and do n't bother to come back because you 'll never afford a house '' . 
  no matter . 
  i am sure it wo n't come back to bite in 20 years time . 
  to attract talented individuals with the hope that they will stay in the country after they have completed their studies , or at least build ties . 
  people that are able to get into university are the people for which the school system has worked . 
  by that point the country has poured tens of thousands of pounds into their education . 
  if an other country can steal talent , attracting skilled individuals with little tying them down ( no mortgage , no spouse , no kids ) and not pay the initial schooling costs , it is a great deal for them . 
   well , as long as they hang around for a bit i guess . 
  tailor courses targeted at england with compulsory placements in industry . 
  try and get them to stay after they have graduated . 
  could make a killing . 
  it is done based on residency , not where you were previously educated . 
   generally , to qualify for support you must be :  . .  * ordinarily resident in scotland on the first day of the first academic year of the course http://www.saas.gov.uk/_forms/funding_guide.pdf ( page 3 ) in the uk university funding for students is handled by the local governments . 
  reu citizens must be treated the same as local residents insofar as these things are concerned . 
  hence they pay the same fees . 
  it is all doom about the scottish economy crashing , borders being put up between the ruk , and scotland being dragged out of the eu . 
  can you link to a single argument they 've made about what the uk will look like if scotland remains in the union ? 
  there is a button in the tower of london that causes the m25 to rise 52m ... 
  the hint was in the name, 
   probably the single greatest strength of the ` no ' campaign is that it 's positive . 
  internally they refer to themselves as [ project fear ... ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/politics/referendum-news/one-year-on-will-better-together-change-their-tactics.21402294 ), 
  england ditching westminster would also be a good idea . 
   [ but when asked `` how would you be likely to vote in next year 's scottish independence referendum if the uk was looking likely to vote to withdraw from the eu ? 
  '' , 44 % said they would be likely to vote yes , matched by 44 % likely to vote no , while 12 % said they did not know . ], 
  ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/home-news/poll-independence-support-would-rise-if-voters-think-uks-leaving-eu.1368959712 ), 
  uk and ireland should probably be the same , non-gray , color . 
  they are both in a separate common travel area . 
  in an increasingly atheistic society there is still a cultural affinity for a little hellfire and condemnation . 
  rallies can be a good place to practice and appreciate that . 
  [ il est tr\u00e8s difficile ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv3l2y7uwnq ), 
  you talk to tedious pedants . 
  [ war !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3bo6gp9nmy ), 
  british nationalism in scotland ( a form of scottish nationalism to its adherents ) was very , very strong prior to the snp or potential for home rule to be seriously considered . 
  http://www.sneps.net/oo/images/1-%20main%20article-%20edited%20-%20graphs%20in.pdf  scotland is not a hotbed of british nationalism every year you have tens of thousands of people marching in the streets to commemorate a 300 year old battle . 
  unionism has merged into many areas of scottish life . 
  look at the old firm . 
   ( one of your socialist paradises , no ? ), 
  yeah ... not sure where that came from . 
   the truth is that a lot of people throw around the word nationalism unfairly . 
  they do yes . 
  i am not . 
   would you say that these areas are hotbeds of british nationalism ? 
  scotland and northern ireland very much so . 
  i do not know about wales . 
  but you can see it also in the reporting from the bbc amongst other press and also in the attitudes of the main political parties and just you know ... in talking in to people . 
   id say your far more likely to see nationalism in wales , scotland and northern ireland which are , you know , british . 
  i agree with / u/bluebottled , british nationalism is so strong and normalized , seen as so self-evident that people deny it exists . 
  [ which britain do you live in ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/events/edrnc8/videos/p01g9szz#p01g9wbz ), 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  the above is my post , my opinion and what i have gleamed from discussion with others . 
  it is my subjective impression of how the independence debate is being framed in scotland .
