   this whole argument is fucking stupid . 
  i very much agree . 
  i 'm not quite sure why you are making it . 
  where did these quotas come from ? 
  all i 'm saying is that the eu allows regions to enjoy the benefit of being a small country along with benefits that were previously solely associated to being a big country . 
  i can go work in france or spain . 
  i can sell products to poland and portugal . 
  i can cross borders without having to fill out paperwork ( except the uk of course ... ) . 
  and i can do with without having to vote for a scottish mp to vote on matters that do not affect me to indirectly set the yearly budget that the government that does represent me , a needlessly complicated way to do things and the result of stupid tradition . 
  government no longer needs to tie in to who won what war 300 years ago and what heir to the throne happened to marry what noble . 
  if that is the argument for why the big , bloated countries should remain in their current form i refer you back to my earlier point . 
  ahh ... nationalism . 
   i 'm not sure if you remember , but there was a huge recession . 
  there 's no money to pay for the socialist utopia i assume you desire . 
  compare and contrast the way that big countries have weathered the storm to small countries . 
   erm , yes it does . 
  how does the uk government prevent scottish culture from existing ? 
  the thatcherite policies implemented over the past 30 years despite clear rejection from the scottish electorate . 
  but westminster is too big , too centralised , too steeped in history and tradition to allow diversity . 
   what 's the point of small nations ? 
  unless we go anarchist i think most people agree that government should exist at some level . 
  why not have it smaller and closer to where the people live for whom decisions are being made instead of where king inbred the 6th happened to hold court 500 years ago ? 
   england is a large nation of 50-something million people . 
  is that too big for the eu ? 
  honestly , in my opinion it is . 
  there are clear divides between life in london and life in the rengland . 
  to insist that everyone shares the same tax band and rates and elects the same big , centralised government just because of an historical accident of where the border falls is silly . 
   does england have to carve itself up to meet your desired quota ? 
  no , but after scottish independence the north of england , wales , cornwall will really start to consider their options . 
  westminster will either change to give power to the regions ( something it has failed to do for scotland like it failed to do for ireland ) , or it will fail as a system of government . 
  there is nothing wrong with different cultures under one government . 
  but that government needs to be flexible enough to allow the different cultures to exist . 
  scotland does not have that from the uk government , the catalonians do not have that the spanish government . 
  the eu allows different cultures and countries to work together , enjoying the stability , peace , freedom of travel and work and single market that previously required being a single nation to happen . 
  now that the eu exists , what is the point of the uk ? 
  why is it needed ? 
  is there a better justification for it than that it has existed for 300 years ? 
  what is the point of spain ? 
  what is the point of france , germany ? 
  the age of the big nations has ended . 
  ahh ... nationalism . 
  fptp means the end result may be the same , but the rise of ukip will still have an effect , even if it is hidden by electoral mathematics . 
  labour have been pushing the conservatives to the unelectable loony right , and ukip have been pulling them there . 
  i can see this result meaning another jump rightward by both parties . 
  that is the dream . 
  unfortunately a lot of people are still willing to defend the old powers . 
  the eu offers the benefits of being a big country , but with less of the bullshit that comes along with being a big , historic country . 
  you are right , sorry . 
  i do n't speak spanish very well . 
  american is my first language . 
   or it could be that this is an effective summary of the wider german view . 
  if any germans are reading i would be interested to hear if this was the case . 
   with three major groups all polling that way , strong leadership will be a bastard to achieve . 
  strong leadership requires support and that requires an agreed direction . 
  italy has n't returned a single clear direction in this election . 
  strong leadership will not happen , instead an ability to compromise will be required . 
  that the portuguese speak brazilian is fairly well known . 
  is der spiegel normally that propagandist ? 
  i find the portrayal of italian voters as utter idiots fairly insulting in this piece . 
  british empire . 
  soon the wayward colonies will come running back ... 
  well it seems that the counter attack is based entirely on identity , so why accept the premise in one and not the other ? 
  if it even was an identitary measure , so what ? 
  lots of french people in glasgow . 
  it would be sufficient to just keep the land worked at the minimal possible level . 
  then , if food security is challenged , you are only a few months to return to high production . 
  i 'd prefer to see farmers much more strongly encouraged to work the land in less intensive , more environmental ways ( fertiliser free , organic , mixed woodlands , long term set aside ) rather than subsidising an entire industry and skewing land prices . 
  if food does become scarce , you can start using fertilisers and plough over the meadows again to pick up production in a few months . 
  we already have a devolved parliament that does almost everything already . 
  we have the eu now , peace in europe looks set to last , the borders have come down , what is the point of being in a smaller union within the bigger union ? 
  right now it just seems , that aside from defence and foreign relations , we send 50 mps down to england to vote on matters that do n't directly apply to their constituents in order to indirectly set the budget for the scottish parliament . 
  what is the point ? 
  in this modern age , independence proper no longer exists . 
  the cultural part of the debate is not the interesting bit . 
  british culture is not dependent on westminster , just like nordic culture does not require one big parliament in stockholm . 
  the political part of the debate is the interesting bit . 
  unfortunately the terms of the debate have been restricted to in or out by the edinburgh agreement . 
  any talk of devomax , federalization has been brushed aside . 
  yeah ? 
  where ? 
  by whom ? 
  on the back of an envelope ? 
  / r/polandball, 
  should be english forests in title , not uk forests . 
  they try this every couple of years  ** 17 february 2011 **  environment secretary caroline spelman : `` i am sorry , we got this one wrong ''  ministers halt some forest sales forests sell-off ` not done deal ' rspb in call to restore heathland  controversial plans to sell 258,000 hectares of state-owned woodland in england have been abandoned . 
  david cameron was the one that shot down renegotiation in scottish debate and forced and in/out referendum on the uk as it is now . 
  it is not fully descriptive . 
  someone from catalan who is pro-spain wants their home to be a single distinct nation , i.e. 
  spain . 
  you can be a catalan nationalist or a spanish nationalist . 
  i subscribe to a daily calvin and hobbes comic . 
  today 's is relevant . 
  maybe a double reference to the lennon wall ( as well as kafka ) ? 
  anti-eu is not really the same as euroskeptic . 
  you can think the eu is a good thing , but not want to join it ( e.g. 
  the us ) . 
  trying to use loaded words like this stifles conversation and ignores nuance ( are you pro-life or anti-life ? 
  pro-choice or anti-choice ? ), 
  i was emphasising chopsueysidedish 's point that the conflict no longer has anything to do with religion by pretending to argue a madeup difference between catholic and protestant atheism . 
  do n't read the telegraph comments .
