   i always thought that irrational sense of thinking they are unique and should n't be influenced by the outer world was also shared by the people there this exists . 
  but there is blame attached to the echo chamber that is the british press , a refusal to admit europe exists in mainstream politics ( the word choice of europe is even to promote it as something separate ) , a mass misinformation campaign in the press and a rose tinted view of history from being an ex-empire . 
   that seems to be quite intellectually dishonest , and a bit of a cowardly way to fight the uk 's refusal to more deeply integrate in the union . 
  i think a distinction needs to be made between the interests of the uk and the interests of those that live in the uk . 
  they are not aligned . 
  our current system of government is the result of an incredibly conservative 300 years that has sought to preserve every self interest over that time . 
  voters are given a binary choice between two near indistinguishable options and policies are made in exactly this boolean manner . 
  you accept and support what party x does , even if you are opposed in principle , because opposition equates to agreement with the other guy . 
  the second chamber is dedicated to the lords , no pretensions at hiding the vested interests . 
  the head of state is the chief inbred of inbreds . 
  the limited democratic input to the house of commons is presented as false choices in a voting system rigged to support the status quo . 
  the oversight against lobbying is minimal . 
  the press is controlled by the few , representative of the few and frames debate to the advantage of the few . 
  so , westminster , and its approach to europe , and the approach in the press towards europe is to serve the interests of the few . 
  i refuse to accept it has any legitimacy in claiming to represent the interests of british citizens . 
  where westminster interest overlap the citizens it is by coincidence or forced upon by self preservation . 
  a european democracy is a threat to westminster dominance and is never going to be accepted . 
  the only way forward is to get rid of westminster . 
  reform has been promised for decades , and the little that emerged in the form of devolution was quickly stifled and made clear that this was to be a celtic exception , not something that would be allowed to evolve to challenge westminster 's authority . 
  so , now scotland has the opportunity to leave the uk and its borked democracy , and the powers that be accuse this attack on their self interest as nationalism and selfish in a hypocrisy so blatant it is staggering . 
  the uk must be reformed as a whole !, 
  nationalistic as it is implicit that the uk is somehow an indivisible unit . 
  the divide and conquer technique so successfully practiced on the british isles ensures that it never becomes a possibility . 
  it is selfish to leave england under tory rule !, 
  everyone plays the game or no one does . 
  it is an admission that england is poorly served by westminster , and a threat against them that westminster will really hurt them if scotland leaves . 
  pathetic . 
  indeed . 
  i said * a * clear border . 
  singular . 
   we must agree the current administrative border is clear you will never get an optimal border based on culture and/or language . 
  you need to work with what exists . 
   but the border is not clear in the sense that ** the main ** catalan independence movement is stepping on it since day one . 
  that does not seem to be what the article says  the anc has not directly organised demonstrations in other catalan-speaking territories , which were many years ago under catalan rule , such as the valencian country or french catalonia . 
  this is to the background of the catalan way that took place last wednesday https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_way based on the baltic way for which latvia was a part . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_way the independence minded catalonians will be seeking international support for their bid to be successful . 
  velvet divorce ? 
  i can only speak from my own perspective from within the scottish debate . 
  i am not a nationalist and the majority of supporters of scottish independence i have met/seen in the media are not nationalists . 
  breaking up the uk and seeking closer ties to europe is the goal . 
  yet the blanket label that is given , the media spin , is `` nationalist '' . 
  but scotland is not catalonia and i do n't know enough to say anything about the catalonia debate . 
   the catalan term pa\u00efsos catalans ( eastern catalan : [ p\u0259\u02c8izus k\u0259t\u0259\u02c8\u026bans ] , western catalan : [ pa\u02c8izos kata\u02c8lans ] ; english : catalan countries ) refers to the territories where ** the catalan language is spoken . 
  ** as you approach the edges of a territory , the cultures intermingle more and more . 
  there are no clear cultural boundaries as language and tradition move on a gradient . 
  there is no optimal way to draw a line on a map . 
  the clear border that does exist is the current administrative one . 
  imperfect , yes . 
  but workable . 
   just like if your ` anglospeak ' made of scotland just another ` english country ' . 
  that was exactly the point i was making . . 
  a language is neither a country , nor a border . 
   1 ) i was responding to his general statement about the pre-eminence of self determination . 
  that posters comment was in the context of catalan self-determination . 
  they did not specify that they were speaking of the general case , you made that ad absurdum leap . 
   2 ) nothing is simple in politics . 
  i guarantee there are a mixture of populations with varying degrees of desire for independence and varying concentrations of passion for the idea . 
  yes . 
  which is why we have things like referendums and democracy . 
  the catalans have a ( entirely reasonable ) claim that catalonia should be the unit of democracy and not spain . 
  personally i do not know enough about the issue to venture an opinion as to whether indepedence is a good idea , however it is incredibly childish ( looking at you spanish government ) to deny that a large number of catalonia are pursing the claim and that the claim itself is legitimate . 
   i do n't know enough on catalonia to take a stance in their debate , nor do i feel that i have a right to , but i will argue on the internet their right to a referendum . 
   and there is always the nasty history of striving for single ethnicity nation-states in europe to consider . 
  now that is a massive generalization . 
  what indication has their been in catalan that there is going to be ethnic cleansing ? 
  fuck off , spurious nonsense . 
  i think the latvian pm would accept a definition of legitimate that applied to latvia breaking away from soviet control . 
  russia did not immediately accept the legitimacy of latvia . 
   catalan independence is a sympton of a wider return to nationalism in europe . 
  imo the results of such independence movements pose a threat to the established political structure in europe and should therefore be discouraged . 
  the only argument such movements have is rooted in nationalism anyway . 
  it really is very ironic that attacks on the old 19th century european nation states , historical remnants of past exploitation are defended with blanket accusations that * the attacker * is the nationalist . 
  catalonia is a specific example , not the general case . 
  treat it as such . 
  catalonian self determination is clearly very different from the examples you have raised . 
  there are cultural and political differences along with a clear border . 
  dragging things to an absurd on one axis is ludicrous . 
  did you go to the occupy protests and see what people were doing ? 
  but presumably a course of action could be started for constitutional amendment ? 
  even if heels are dragged , there must be something that they could do . 
  i am not well versed on the catalonian independence movement , but it seems incredibly childish to me that the spanish government would completely refuse a referendum . 
  acting in such a way detracts from their legitimacy in my eyes . 
  looked like unicode to me . 
  not all languages are readable ... http://i.imgur.com/ruxaq3v.jpg, 
   in the very next line i did say : i think those two lines are contradictory . 
  the social disruption of newspapers and affect on the global scale was perhaps somewhat limited ( it did allow the creation of the art of propaganda though ... ) . 
  however it did expose the average person to more opinions , it did not lead to a narrowing views heard , `` them '' and `` us '' . 
   mixing with people down thepub meant youd at least get some cross-generational conversation going . 
  we 've never had the access to so many opinions and able to directly interact with those that hold them . 
  this conversation we are having now , would have been far rarer twenty years ago . 
  and there are tens of thousands like it taking place on thousands of similar websites every day . 
  i have no idea of your gender , age , class , religion , nationality or sexuality , and i doubt you know mine , this could be a cross - * conversation at the moment . 
   through the use of technology , are able to increasingly filter what they hear and thus re-enforce the mentality that is known as `` us and them '' this is often said , but i 've seen little to back it up . 
  go back twenty years you would only talk to people you met down the pub and get the highly filtered content from the traditional media . 
  i think hopes were a bit higher in some circles after district 9 and the promotional materials for elysium . 
  it looked like there may have been a bit more substance to it . 
  that said , personally i enjoyed both , the sci fi seemed a little too derivative at times , the action scenes are over the time and the morality is painted on a little too think . 
  but they are still enjoyable movies ( mostly for the south african accents ) . 
  as a programmer , i was annoyed that this guy writes a reboot script in assembly , and then everyone can identify it within seconds by just looking at hex code that that 's what it is . 
  even mr crazy soldier guy can .
