  i like it . 
  http://imgur.com/kazur2o here is an album of other photos of the town . 
  http://imgur.com/a/0t7oj this is one i took of glasgow earlier today . 
  from the country that brought you google and facebook . 
  mp = member of parliament . 
  aka = also known as you should be more careful . 
  you explained the tla 's , but you introduced more acronyms . 
  marx is still right . 
  < off topic  as a small state next to big spain , what do you think of catalan independence ? 
  would the breaking of spain be viewed favorably ? 
  how is it portrayed in the media ? 
  is a move to smaller states a good thing ? 
   very easy to drop 2000 euro on a night out . 
  you have either mistakenly added a couple of zeros or are referring to an annual budget here . 
  if danish federation does n't happen , what about joining the eu ? 
  the question is to what extent the eu replaces the need for old alliances and unions . 
  the rise of separatism and the rise of the eu are not a coincidence . 
   a side to it that is aggressively anti-english ; partly because the best political campaigns have to have an enemy partly because it is , after all , a nationalist movement ; and thus it characterises itself as a romantic celtic-nordic nation constrasting starkly with the evil anglo-saxons where ? 
  could you give some links on this ? 
   all nationalist movements are based upon dividing lines , they all contrast themselves with their neighbours , they all view their neighbours negatively ; at least while they are campaigning for separation . 
  bollocks . 
  i do n't think you 've been following this at all . 
  not all of us unfortunately . 
  polling shows we have only 30-40 % support so far . 
  still , fingers crossed . 
   but the scottish government would become the representative of scotland if it gained independence , and the question is asked on the hypothetical scenario of that very same independence . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  such is life . 
  personally i 'd argue that the best simplification would be to remove westminster from the process ... 
  where 's the divide ? 
  no one is talking about leaving the eu . 
  it 's getting rid of the old nation states and their archaic governments , not drifting apart . 
  the problem is that scotland is not represented by the scottish government as far as the eu is concerned . 
  the uk is a member state , any queries must go through it . 
  give rbs some credit ( not literally , we 've already done that ) , i 'm fairly certain they have an eye for dodgy finance . 
   in the uk working class people will talk brummie or scully , educated classy people will show their class by sticking to queen 's english maybe in the 1930s ...  i have no accent in my native language . 
  i do n't understand why big cities need to have accents ? 
  everyone has an accent . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive , the trick is to find the balance . 
  i do n't think it is surprising that as globalisation and international cooperation have increased , smaller cultures are wanting to see representation on the global stage brought closer to home . 
   and it really does wind up the snp i think it backfires a little . 
  islands are very much lib dem heartlands and tavish is starting a ** very ** broad conversation on shetlands ' / orkney 's future . 
  it will be difficult for the lib dems to be involved in a discussion where changing the status of the islands to crown dependency on the table at the same time as the mainland lib dems are insisting no conversation on the constitution can take place till after the scottish independence referendum . 
  he is doing a good job for his constituency , but throwing a spanner in the lib dem 's participation with better together . 
  and even given the recent decline of the lib dems , they are still the popular face of the uk government . 
  due to the difficult situation this puts the lib dems in , i think the snp will be happy . 
  the lib dems are one of the two parties currently in coalition in the uk government at the moment ( economically central , socially liberal , pro-eu ) . 
  they support a federal uk . 
  this is interesting that shetland and orkney have been isolated out for this motion ( it is not part of their federal proposals ) and that they are talking about crown dependency status . 
  currently the islands are the only place that polling suggest the lib dems will do well in scotland in the next election ( talk of a mainland wipeout in recent ashcroft poll ) . 
  yeah , and the french would demand a subsidy for french newspapers . 
  \\ s never happen . 
  not all the sterotypes are true . 
  yeah netherlands , that 's right , you 're the one in / r/europe that gets to complain about the strictness of your government 's drug policy ... 
  yeah ... not surprised . 
  have done what ? 
  lived in sheffield your entire life or spoken the same dialect of english ? 
  i think the divergence that happened with latin is unlikely to happen to english given we now have the internet . 
  started reading the thread comments when the french guy was speaking ? 
   even though i think every language should be represented in the eu parliament somewhere . 
  i was disappointed that the video was all about communication between parliamentarians and that not much attention was given to ensuring that every eu citizen could understand what any given parliamentarian was saying . 
  translating is much more important for that purpose . 
  we probably need to sacrifice a considerable number of idioms and remove cultural tropes from our speech . 
   r\u00e4s\u00e4nen said romania and bulgaria were too easily allowed into the 27-member bloc in the first place . 
  but they have been let in . 
  they are our fellow eu citizens now . 
  maybe people could act a bit more like grown ups . 
  do you crush the weetabix into the porridge ? 
  i do that . 
  come study in scotland . 
  free tuition for eu students . 
  courses are either four years ( bachelors with honours ) or five years ( m.sci ) http://www.ucas.ac.uk/students/studentfinance/ http://www.saas.gov.uk/student_support/eu_students/residence_eu.htm edit : sorry , requires 3 years residency prior to course start date  you have been ordinarily resident in the eu , the eu overseas territories , elsewhere in the eea or switzerland for the three years immediately before the first day of the first academic year of your course ( the relevant date * ) . 
  where do you stay atm ? 
  the problem with europe is that , for historical reasons , national identity has largely been formed off of wars and `` not being the other guy '' . 
  the uk exists from not being french , spain exists because it is not the uk yada , yada , yada . 
  a certain degree of culture needs to be artificially imposed upon the state to fix this `` she 's not one of us , she 's one of them '' mentality . 
  the americans traditionally had a much healthier type of nationality based on a common set of principles ( freedom , american dream , hard work , honesty , blah blah blah ) . 
  if we are going to go for a common european identity i would very much want it to be in the old american style . 
  not one that attempts to impose a single culture but based off of common principles . 
  varied cultures are not the enemy . 
  we need to build the eu to work with and encourage diversity . 
  attacking them will spark resistance and cause the dream of a united europe to fail . 
  recent developments are more prone to lobbyists . 
  depends what you mean by government . 
  for welfare , healthcare obviously not . 
  but europe is a level that makes sense for some things . 
  i can make a product that satisfies regulations and sell it across the eu . 
  money can be redistributed between countries to help development . 
  not really . 
  the usa has always been very protectionist and regulated . 
  especially when it comes to farming . 
   so you will be opting for glasgow independence if the yes campaign is successful ? 
  if the scottish government exhibits the westminsteresque swivel eye control freakery after a clear 30 years of glasgow rejecting their policies , then yes of course . 
  i would however hope ( and very much suspect ) that lessons would be learned from the uk style of government and that would not be allowed to happen . 
   so not only do you want to break up the uk , you want to see the break up of england . 
  how do you propose we break it up ? 
  do we have to have a limit for the amount of people that can live in a country ? 
  what happens if a country exceeds that quota ? 
  deportation ? 
  concentration camps ?
