  just ... no . 
  sub-youtube level of discourse, 
  a `` better deal '' would be a fairly big symbolic gesture that we , as the uk , are moving away from the eu . 
  it would influence the pro-eu opinion in scotland ( currently divided between those that see independence as a move towards a europe of the regions and those that see it as a threat of nationalism ) . 
  whether enough to make a difference is a difficult question to answer . 
  i can see it giving the lib dems problems ( a very pro eu party currently in coalition in uk government ) as they recently had to ditch a popular policy on uk federalism to fight against independence . 
  scotland is already in the eu via the uk . 
  plays a part with meps , fishing , regional development , cap , eu citizens living here , scots being eu citizens , so on and so forth . 
  as such scotland leaving the eu would be not simply be a box ticking exercise . 
  there would need to be some negotiation and work to decouple scotland from the eu . 
  the snp argument is that it is very unlikely ( read impossible ) that scotland would be forced to remove itself from the various eu institutions if it were expected to immediately reapply and rejoin . 
  i think it is a fairly convincing argument , however it does still leave the argument of what happens with schengen and joining the euro open . 
  personally however i ca n't see the eu pursing a hard-line policy that results in a land border between eu states and i would quite like to see scotland eventually join the euro . 
  ahh the telegraph ... notice how this article utterly fails to mentions to whom mr salmond is talking to and in what context . 
  ( for those interested it was the [ today programme ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/today/hi/today/newsid_9785000/9785745.stm ) ) misleading captions , selected quotations , sacrificing news for opinion . 
  the telegraph . 
  there is this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/an_idiot_abroad i do n't like it . 
  trains are good for commuting normally , but she also works on a train !, 
  if she took it home imagine the time should could save going to work in the morning . 
  nah , the labour party despises the snp beyond reason and a conservative government will be seen by the snp to boost support for independence . 
   when shetland 's local authority held a referendum 35 years ago asking if residents wanted to be part of an independent scotland , the result was nine to one against . 
  what ?? 
  there was a referendum in 1978 over scottish independence ? 
  anyone know what this is ? 
  edit : it was an opt out from devolution in 1979 . 
  entirely different thing . 
  http://scottishreferendumexperience.wordpress.com/2012/03/20/orkney-and-shetland-deja-vu/ and they changed their mind by 1997 when the referendum on devolution was held again http://shetlopedia.com/1997_devolution_referendum although orkney was still against devolution at that point http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/politics97/devolution/scotland/live/orkney.shtml the telegraph is not exactly famed for it 's journalistic standards , but this is pretty shoddy reporting even for them . 
  does no one read these things before they are published ? 
  interesting map . 
  would like to see it with some more granularity . 
  i imagine concentrated areas vary hugely across europe ( inverse to population density ? 
  although vatican is probably a big exception to that ) . 
  averaging over different sized countries with different populations is not all that informative . 
  what effect would removing cap have on food prices in the developing world ? 
  i thought this might be interesting after yesterdays thread on a common european language and some criticism from posters that english speaking natives are unwilling to learn foreign languages . 
   poorer people poor people yes . 
  but someone who earns # 30,000 every year for their working life pays exactly the same as someone who earns # 100,000 . 
  so it is fixed rate like a poll tax for all but the poorest . 
   but the conditions for paying back costs are dependent on your personal success . 
  if you are unsuccessful there is a social `` safety net '' that means you no longer have to pay . 
  as i said . 
  the poorest do not pay , but the mega rich pay exactly the same as the well off . 
  it can be viewed as a fixed value tax for most . 
   the point is it will steadily increase under miliband . 
  no indication of that at all . 
  ffs the man is running under a policy platform of one nation conservatism . 
   the labour party is full of talent , and yet they put some of their least likable people in the public eye . 
  the labour party just spent 13 years pissing away money on nonsense whilst inequality rose during a economic boom period . 
  it failed utterly to reverse the damage from thatcher . 
  what talent ? 
   tuition fee reduction ( education based not on economic class ) tuition fees are a tethered tax and one that is charged at a fixed rate for everyone above a certain income . 
  a person that earns millions in income over their lifetime will pay the same as someone who is well off . 
  there is no granularity . 
  this is a textbook right wing form of taxation . 
  the poor pay nothing but everyone else pays exactly the same . 
   regulation of the price of energy ( artificial prices set by state ) regulation is not the same as state ownership . 
  regulation is n't even really a left or right wing thing , just not neoliberal . 
   halting corporation tax cuts  support of the 50p tax rate by how much ? 
  23 % corp tax instead of 21 % ? 
  this is n't a different policy from what the conservatives are doing , it is nitpicking . 
  face it , we 've still got new labour and all their neoliberal bullshit . 
  just because they 've changed the front man do n't think for a minute that the party is any different . 
  edit : sorry , i forgot this one as it might actually be interesting  state owned investment bank to invest in british infrastructure ( not relying on private firms for the lions share of investment ) i 've not looked into it . 
  could you give some examples of his socialist policies ? 
   i 'm not really sure what debating scottish independence will really benefit here yeah sorry , not trying to get into the merits and setbacks but rather just make the point that the eu is growing in the areas that westminster typically manages for scotland and scotland is taking more powers from westminster . 
  in that sense the eu as an institute could replace for scotland much of the benefits from being in the uk in the not too distant future . 
  but anyway , i think there are important ( and unfortunately probably subtle ) differences in the debates about the internal make-up of the uk and the debate about the uk being within the eu . 
   the main arguments are largely economical and social and some changes regarding foreign policy and defence . 
  the thrust of the main argument is that westminster is outdated and no longer necessary for the governing of scotland , also that scotland would perform better with powers brought closer to home . 
  but most of those that argue for this base it upon scotland being within the eu so that the risks of being a small nation state are mitigated by being part of a large , flexible union . 
  this is very much part of the snp 's proposals for an independent scotland . 
  i would go so far as to say that the reason the independence debate is happening is at all is because of the relative peace across europe and the eu massively simplifying relations with our closest neighbours . 
  the old fashioned nation state , largely an accident of wars and aristocratic marriage , is becoming increasingly defunct . 
  this trend is mirrored across europe by the numerous separatist groups that have made the news recently , most of which are pro eu . 
   the eu is no condition , nor will it be for decades to replace the united kingdom . 
  i 'd be curious to hear in your opinion what purpose westminster ( as a governing body ) serves in scotland now and what direction you think that the eu is going . 
  that is not the eu providing fuel for the fire . 
   in parts of the uk they 're having pretty much the same discussion as scotland decide if they have enough in common economically and politically to mind having english , welsh or irish people decide how things might be in scotland . 
  i think you are misrepresenting here . 
  most of the supporters of scottish independence are pro-eu . 
  the argument is more like that the eu replaces the need for the uk and is a more modern system of government . 
  a big , diverse union is not necessarily bad as long as it is flexible . 
  to be fair presbyterian atheism does ignore much of the pomp and ceremony of catholic atheism . 
  well is citizenship not the definition of belonging to a nation ? 
  for someone who is arguing against nationalism you are placing a lot of importance of the somewhat arbitrary and increasingly meaningless citizenship ( at least within europe ) . 
  why ca n't british as a cultural identity be like scandinavian ? 
  extremists do n't hate the other side as much as they hate the moderates . 
  i know . 
  i was n't trying to say anything , just throwing in a definition for non-native speakers . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tancphm4f4a http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ynsutqessg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytfknnt2q1k, 
  the show stops that being a problem by having no canon . 
  you can pretty much join in at any point . 
  this is the best comedy on the bbc at the moment . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00yy8pz example sketch , http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p00hbfqg, 
  cornwall http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cornish_nationalism, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/succession_of_states  succession may refer to the transfer of rights , obligations , and/or property from a previously well-established prior state ( the predecessor state ) to the new one ( the successor state ) . 
  transfer of rights , obligations , and property can include overseas assets ( embassies , monetary reserves , museum artifacts ) , participation in treaties , membership in international organizations , and debts . 
  often a state chooses piecemeal whether or not it wants to be considered the successor state . 
  as in why not break up everything to city states ? 
  i 've nothing really against it in principal .
