  i think it is important that powers in government should lie at as local a level as is feasible . 
  some things it makes sense to administrate on a town basis , some on a region , some on a country level , some within a small group of counties and some on a eu level . 
  the trick is finding the balance between centralisation and decentralisation and identifying what powers belong where rather than adhering to one approach other the other . 
  for example , although largly supporting decentralisation , i think it is very sensible that defence is managed at a higher level . 
  i also believe that the higher up a layer of government is the more it should be designed to promote more stability and long term planning . 
  personally i think too much power lies at the country level within the eu at the moment ( particularly with the central government in places like the uk and france ) . 
  i agree . 
  big countries were only important when other big countries were attacking every other year . 
  now the eu exists , what purpose does the 19th century nation state serve ? 
  the eu is only an issue because the economy is tanking and people like distractions ( generally people in the uk do n't really know what the eu is ) . 
  if the economy recovers , cameron can fend off the potential defectors with platitudes . 
  if the economy does not recover then the conservatives are not going to win the next election regardless . 
  changing now and arguing against the eu could lead to a break up of the uk . 
  better to be the conservative and unionist leader who lost the 2015 election than the one that lost scotland . 
  commitment to hold an in and out referendum could have a big effect on the scottish independence debate . 
  the better together campaign is strongly focusing on a uk in the eu argument . 
  i think this means 2015 is too early for a referendum . 
   this disruption of market will lead to people living in suboptimal locations and lead to construction of new developments to suboptimal places . 
  suboptimal based on what ? 
  disruption of what ? 
  all the free transport does is reduce the cost of living further away from work/social areas . 
  other factors still come into play as normal . 
   when public transportation becomes non-free again , there will be great fluctuation in usage of public transportation , some routes will be abandoned completely while others see significantly lower transportation numbers . 
  all this does is make a compelling argument as to why transport should remain free . 
   in the long run the aim must be that public transportation can be run profitably . 
  this is a personal opinion and by no means is it unanimous . 
  i would view public transport as an investment by the state on a service that businesses and individuals are dependent on . 
  i would argue that running public transport at a loss is entirely acceptable if it is to the greater good of the economy , society and the environment . 
  measures like this can have positive effects on the local economy . 
  people might shop/go-out more often as it is now free to get to the shopping/entertainment districts . 
  it also widens the area for low-wage employment as travel distance within a city is less of a factor ( a benefit for people looking for jobs and for business ) . 
  bad people . 
  did you even bother to read the article ? 
  yes . 
  i find it surprising that defence is a big issue in switzerland . 
  good . 
  the royal family get a lot of stick for sitting around being idle . 
  it is reassuring to know that they are out there doing stuff . 
  i do n't understand why a county famed for being neutral is so obsessed with arms . 
  even america seems apathetic on guns compared to switzerland . 
  depends on what newspapers you read * . 
  the english papers ( for obvious reasons ) do n't follow it as closely as the scottish papers . 
  edit : ( * ) or news sources rather , seeing as it is 2012, 
   if you are suggesting that scottish problems are england 's fault i think that is very condescending to scottish people . 
  who mentioned england ? 
  we are talking about westminster , an inept political institution that represents all the countries in the uk . 
  it does not do a good job for any of them . 
   scottish people control their own destiny and exercise their own choices as they say fit . 
  post independence hopefully . 
  it seems the only way that the powers necessary will be given to the scottish parliament . 
   to suggest that just because the english pay the piper ( usually ) , they call the scottish tune seems like a slur unto the scottish parliament to me . 
  again , this has nothing to do with money . 
  what 's the benefit of being highest on some spreadsheet of gdp or whatever if your citizens fare worse than the rest of europe ? 
  the debate is on politics , not money . 
  but on the oil front . 
  does it not stand as fairly damming of westminster that an oil rich , english speaking , developed nation which is part of the 7th biggest economy in the world can poll so low on so many fronts when compared to many european states ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scotland/8139581/scots-to-have-europes-lowest-life-expectancy.html http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/6739007.stm http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/scotland-mortality-rates-1446195 http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2005/sep/26/ukcrime.scotland http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/20141/scotland-s-obesity-worst-in-europe, 
   but the eu is trying to become the united states of europe , yet they want to segregate . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  europe of the regions ? 
  the nation states of the past were useful when we had war in europe more years than not . 
  now we have peace in europe and inter-eu framework for politics , why cling on to the nation state ? 
  if europe is going to work we need to lose the outdated political institutions that exist from accident of history rather than making political sense . 
   when some thing does come , i like to be in a large country with a large economy and ever so critically a stable , strong , accountable , transparent , tried and tested form of government . 
  are you talking about westminster ? 
  accountable ? 
  transparent ? 
  stable ? 
  the institution is a 300 year old undemocratic mess , utterly resistant to change and steeped in outdated traditions and prejudices . 
   although when you think about it that 's pretty sad in a way since scottish people are an actual genetic group that could go extinct if all of you guys stop caring about it . 
  that 's ... not an acceptable thing to say . 
  the whole `` race '' thing went out of fashion in the mid 40 's . 
  calculations is for for calculators . 
  mathematics is much more interesting . 
  i am just pointing out that scotland leaving the eu would need to be negotiated and is far from a simple matter . 
  how part of a member state would leave is far from clear . 
  i do not see why they would go to all that effort if scotland were to rejoin in a couple of years later . 
  i think that is just a conspiracy theory . 
   i 'm for scotland re-drawing their terms with the uk . 
  not on offer . 
  even the lib dems turned their backs on federalism . 
  you are ignoring that scotland is already in the eu . 
  * scottish people freely move , work and study within eu member states . 
  * eu citizens freely move , work and study within scotland . 
  * scottish people are represented at the european parliament by meps . 
  * eu money is invested in projects within scotland . 
  * a percentage of the money paid into the communal pot is on the behalf of scottish residents via the uk government . 
  * businesses based in scotland operate within the eu and businesses within the eu operate within scotland . 
  because of all of this , decoupling scotland from the eu would be non-trivial ( possible , but time consuming ) . 
  why would scotland be kicked out , undergo this separation , on the expectation they would rejoin in a few years anyway ? 
  it makes no sense . 
   so what 's the sentiment behind the separation movement ? 
  or is it all just about the oil ? 
  the oil is not the basis for the debate . 
  westminster is not a competent form of government any more . 
  if you compare things that fall under the powers of the scottish government to the counterparts administered by westminster in england they are often viewed as being handled better ( ( lack of ) tuition fees , free prescriptions , elderly care ) . 
  the areas that are reserved solely to westminster are also fairing fairly badly ( defence - iraq war , finance - 3 trillion debt ) . 
  this cumulated with the lack of any clear path of how devolution could continue , the hostility in westminster to any real reform ( unelected house of lords , seats in the lords that woman are excluded from , fptp voting system ) and the one of the two political parties almost being a nonentity in scotland but still the uk government is what makes independence worth considering . 
   is that an official policy ? 
  i 've been openly wondering the question for ages .
