  she also talks over her guests a lot . 
  fuck everything about her . 
  at least two people have killed themselves after being on her show . 
  she also is part of the fucked up american media that basically shames a person who they accuse of being guilty without there being a trial or without having any details of the crime . 
  [ case in point the duke lacrosse case . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duke_lacrosse_case ) i also hate that cunt jane valez mitchell for being the same bitch as grace . 
  anyone have a screenshot of what it is supposed to look like ? 
  it looks the same cross-browser for me . 
  totally fine when the wbbc ( or other religious groups who claim there is a gay agenda ) can actively `` recruit '' people into christianity though . 
  not really . 
  there are still nazis that even mossad ( ca n't ) could n't find , but they were close . 
  [ alois brunner ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alois_brunner ) is one and so is [ aribert heim ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aribert_heim ) but he was apparently declared dead in 1992 just last month by a german court . 
  they got away and hid for a long time until they died of whatever causes . 
  what is your favorite flavor of doritos brand chips ? 
  ''  may-may arrows '', 
  try to boot dban on a flash drive with [ this ] ( http://www.pendrivelinux.com/universal-usb-installer-easy-as-1-2-3/ ) . 
  it will guide you into putting dban on the flash drive and then you can boot this instead of a cd or dvd . 
  here is a [ full set . 
  ] ( http://www.thenudearts.com/2011/06/29/checkered-room/ ) i still ca n't see what the fuck it is . 
  it might be part of the curtain , i do n't know . 
  i was thinking that , but i think some other programs , maybe this one too , have an option to help boot on older systems . 
  you have to check it out for yourself . 
  i know my old '06 computer had problems booting from usb . 
  see i was going to ask if they have servers in other countries in case this would happen again . 
  i knew they learned their lesson from the last time they were raided and had servers seized . 
  `` the liberal conspiracy wins again ! '', 
  they did have one relay with that isp but nothing more . 
  they had one relay with them though , so that contributed to it , but not as much as the power outage . 
  tpb said their site would be up in 10 hours as of this comment . 
   the prq raid coincided with downtime at the pirate bay but torrentfreak is informed that this is unrelated . 
  the pirate bay says it 's not using prq 's services and attributes the downtime to a power failure . 
  tpb being down and prq raided are unrelated . 
  there are already articles like this up on / r/technology stating the same thing . 
  how dare they disrespect our lord and saviour neil degrasse tyson , peace be upon him , like this !, 
  free , open source . 
  it is usually more secure than windows and arguably os x. 
  i like the fact that you can update your whole system with one or two command lines as opposed to windows where each application has to have its own update manager or you have to download each app build as it is released for windows . 
  linux works on so many architectures that basically any modern computer can run a form of linux as opposed to os x or ios which can only run on their computers or tablets/phones . 
  distributions are designed to meet certain goals . 
  some are meant to be run on older hardware or hardware that is n't up to par with a consumer computer like the raspberry pi . 
  some distros are meant to have everything a normal person should need like linux mint . 
  some distros are meant to be flashy and appealing . 
  you can build your distro to suit your needs from a base install so you do n't have a crap ton of bloat and you add the packages that you want so you can run a simple home server or build a home theater system , for example . 
  i still do n't like this . 
  this seems like a local thing so staties or the feds can still arrest you . 
  also, 
   the ordinance imposes a misdemeanor charge for adults over 21 who are caught with less than one ounce of marijuana , carrying with it a fine of up to $ 100 or a jail sentence not to exceed 93 days . 
  so you still face 3 months in jail and a fine for less than one ounce . 
  there is no `` justice '' from the justice dept. 
  just hiding and defending crimes of the state . 
  they let eric holder go . 
  `` hey kid , why are n't you working your way to becoming a ceo of your own company so my firms can come in and pillage and plunder the shit out of your company ? '', 
  [ ecce homo or monkey jesus ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-19349921 ), 
  a better download ui . 
  the fact that you have to manually close the download bar each time is annoying . 
  i think you should have the option to have the bar and automatically close when downloads are complete , a separate small window with the downloads like ie and firefox , or open the downloads page like opera . 
  i also wish there was a settings option for proxy servers . 
  i wish you could edit settings , just for chromium itself , without relying on parameters or having to go into internet options . 
  i know a lot of people use chrome in place where their computer is sorta locked down , and internet options is usually something you ca n't edit without the appropriate rights . 
  direct it at op for his bullshit . 
  / r/pics is turning into facebook , which is funny because it seems that a lot of redditors hate facebook . 
  there are nothing but personal pictures which should have been posted for close friends and family on a social media site like twitter , facebook or instagram , but nope , a more appropriate audience for a picture of your five year old daughter , is on a website full of strangers . 
  also , do n't you dare mention any of this in the comments , or the hive mind will downvote you . 
  or how about the fact that many of them stay up during the night , or sleep at odd hours ? 
  that would mean that they have irregular sleeping patterns . 
  seems like she is nothing but trouble , and probably not worth the hassle . 
  she will probably use you again in the future . 
  they are pretty much like the russian fox news who panders to the left leaning , conspiracy theorists . 
  they have alex jones on regularly and sometimes they use him as a source of information . 
  try 5 times in the past week . 
  i shed tears of mountain dew for all of our oppressed bravery . 
  converted to jpg . 
  should be around or less than 1 megabyte now . 
  there 's a sesame street/wall street joke in there . 
  adobe shockwave or adobe flash ? 
  i do n't know any sites that use shockwave anymore . 
  huh , so you mean to tell me * other * people browse reddit and play video games too !? 
  perfect time to pull out the ol' `` first commandment : worship only me . 
  first amendment : worship whoever the hell you want . '', 
  that is why religion should n't mix with government . 
  yeah , there will . 
  it 'll probably come out around halloween whenever windows 8 officially comes out , or early next month . 
  hey , if it is n't a vote for mitt romney , but for jc , should n't we be for it ? 
  askreddit sucks . 
  so many retarded questions , and like you point out, 
   `` omg !, 
  my dull question on askreddit made it to le front paeg !, 
  who would have thunk !? '', 
  there are never any thought provoking questions on askreddit . 
  there are only thousands of crappy unbelievable questions of people trying to score some easy karma . 
  i do n't know why this is happening to you , but you should try to update your lists , or if you do n't already have it , get the fanboy ultimate list . 
  this list blocks everything from ads , to trackers like google analytics to annoying `` share this to facebook or twitter '' links and facebook chat . 
  having a lot of ram is n't everything . 
  you have to check if the laptop has a good graphics card and an appropriate gpu . 
  yep . 
  chromium itself does n't come with most of the tracking that comes with chrome , so having iron for the privacy is kinda redundant . 
  it 's just some copypasta . 
  there is an even more detailed version . 
  from what episode was grumpy spongebob from ? 
  it does on r/atheism !,
