  yep . 
  felt weaker than last time , though . 
  checked out the usgs site , and nothing significant for dallas or texas . 
  reminds me of that steven king film , [ maximum overdrive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maximum_overdrive ) where killer trucks take over the world . 
  i think that the lack of addons could contribute to the speed . 
  since ie10 lacks any good addons , it is vanilla , while op might be using opera/chrome/ff with a couple of different addons that could be bogging down the browser . 
  he should run all four of these browsers without addons and see how fast they are . 
  also him using the ssd could contribute to the speed of ie10 if any of the other browsers are on a separate drive , and not on the ssd . 
  but i agree that ie10 is pretty good on windows 8 , and it certainly seems to be up to par with other browsers on windows 7 , compared to internet explorer 8 and ie 9 . 
  yeah , java 7 u11 has its own security holes as well . 
  this article has nothing to do with java 's plugin security . 
  recently there have a couple of blogs slamming java for being bundled with the ask toolbar , even though they 've done it for a while now . 
  this is another one . 
  i want to add that anyone should reading this , should skip this whole article and just get java from ninite , or you can get it from filehippo , sans-titlebar . 
   people ca n't believe ie can have better performance . 
  i can understand why . 
  ie has been crap since ie5 . 
  microsoft has finally played catch up to third party browsers and it is unbelievable . 
  people expected ie10 to be almost as good , but not better than chrome , firefox , and opera . 
  some tests have shown that ie10 on 8 has shown better performance than third party browsers . 
  only time will tell if ie will continue to be awesome or if it will continue to lag behind third party browsers because they update fairly quickly while ie has been known to take forever to update ( version and feature wise ) . 
  well sure , ie is patched fairly often when it comes to making it stable and security hole free , but they do n't update anything feature nor cosmetic wise , which is what i want more of . 
  also , for that comment below , google chrome is n't exactly 100 % floss . 
  you are talking about chromium ( chrome is chromium with google 's proprietary crap throw in like integrated flash player , media player and pdf reader ) . 
  [ here ] ( https://minus.com/mc5c2br9bd2is ) is what i could find to add to op 's album . 
  sorry it is minus.com , i was having trouble with imgur 's uploader . 
  i have no clue about that , but it should be pointed out that 78 % of nfl players go bankrupt after two years of retirement . 
  i mean , that lottery ticket is only good if you are fiscally responsible . 
  source : http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/mag1153364/index.htm, 
  sorta like the ol' `` the only moral abortion is my abortion . '', 
  in the doctors ' case , `` every fetus is a person , except the fetuses involved my lawsuits ! '', 
  people will do anything for fame , including but not limited to , eating their own tampons and trying to rustle celebrity jimmies . 
  dude , theists will always warp their views and shit even when their bullshit has been debunked over and over . 
  if this was any true , they will claim that god made life outside earth as well . 
  you ca n't reason with them , when they reject reason in the first place . 
  i have no idea if you can download a video you have uploaded to ustream straight from their servers , but if not , then you can try those addons/extensions out . 
  not that i am aware of . 
  chrome lacks good addons like video downloaders for sites other than youtube . 
  i hope people do n't claim that they stole this idea from chrome . 
  the [ streisand effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streisand_effect ) is a real bitch for anti piracy groups , ai n't it ? 
  squidward should be the one who is average . 
  `` get lost pizza topping , ca n't you see i 'm doing the sponge ? '', 
  '' [ manly tears ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzpc0j-f2tu ) '' is my personal favorite one of their sketches . 
  well , do n't you see ? 
  it is a reminder than the fsm is watching over us with his noodly appendages !, 
  does n't that reddish-orange hue remind you of times you accidentally got spaghetti sauce on your favorite shirt ? 
  that 's the fsm watching over you . 
  judging from this picture , 8/10 . 
  it is happening with most channels . 
  shows that are easy to digest ( reality tv for example ) are preferred over shows that cause you to use your brain . 
  they have pretty crappy rocket technology . 
  i do n't even think they can hit japan to be honest . 
  i think they came close to japan a couple of times though . 
  because apparently phones and tablets are not computers ( which you can modify anyway you want ) and you are forced to use it how you bought it . 
  are you running any vpns or no ? 
  because if you are using a raw connection it may possibly be throttling , though it would n't drop to zero and back up consistently like that . 
  it would just slope down and stay real low . 
  i do n't know much about dd-wrts to be honest . 
  yeah , it is weird how much of a pattern that is . 
  have you tried using a second bt client and see how smooth it runs with them ? 
  maybe vuze is screwed up for you . 
  i am also going to recommend that using your default connection with torrents is not a good idea if you live in the us . 
  isps are cracking down harder on piracy this year , so stay safe . 
  i meant a direct connection . 
  like without a vpn or proxies or anything else . 
  sucks that there are no real competitors out there against yt . 
  i mean vimeo is close and same for sites like metacafe and the like , but really , are they in the level of yt ? 
  not even close . 
  many people in your situation just create parody accounts of cartoon characters , or famous people or what have you . 
  i just keep telling those fuckers not to use my real name . 
  if they ever force my real name , or i have no option but to use my name , i will create a new account just for youtube with a fake name . 
  i do n't know why those idiots decided the thing youtube needed is to become facebook . 
  honestly , why in fucks name , does yt want you to use your real name ? 
  when will it ever come in handy ? 
  [ subscape - turn me on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqso-l5ntfe ), 
  works for me . 
  they are more stereotypical than actual accents , but it was a funny video nonetheless . 
  oh man , south park prophesized this did n't they ? 
  in the future there will be rises of many atheism groups until it comes to the point where many of the groups will combine until there are only two major groups left . 
  soon atheism + will duke it out with the athians . 
   because the story demands it . 
   if there is n't someone to point at and say `` that is the bad guy '' then you start looking a little closer at the actions of the `` good guy '' . 
  i have always asked why does n't god just kill satan if he is sooo evil and god is ssoooo powerful . 
  why wait until some shitty arbitrary date ( apocalypse ) to defeat evil ? 
  guess , that would be a short movie if the bad guy dies the second he turns , eh ? 
  i read on other reddit threads that their domain expired . 
  i do n't know what will come of it . 
  i know this is a bit late , but dropbox is a bad host to use on reddit . 
  if you get enough traffic , dropbox could freeze your account for using too much bandwidth . 
  try searching with firefox or ie and see if it affects other browsers as well . 
  if it does n't , it is probably a bug with chrome . 
  try turning off the option to `` translate in other pages '' in the settings of chrome . 
  i have no clue if it will help , but there are only so many troubleshooting options you can do with chrome . 
  `` he is a good guy !, 
  the gays are the one 's who are immoral ! '', 
  - catholic church, 
  that 's fine . 
  many people probably a lot of people will feel the same way . 
  it is good that they admit this , but there is a difference in not feeling comfortable around gay people , than promoting legislation that discriminates against them , or actively seeks to have them killed . 
  if you get it , al jazeera bought current tv and they will probably do their own news show on there .
