  if there are no replies , and the comment got deleted , then op should say that his or her comment was deleted , and this is what he or she wrote . 
  fabriclive 37 is what sold me onto older 2007-2008 dubstep and from there i found a lot of great old school dubstep artists and songs . 
  can you get her some headphones or something ? 
  maybe get someone higher up like a boss or something to see that it is a distraction . 
  yep . 
  it is n't so bad if he gets rejected , because at least you will know that she never felt the same way instead of regretting not telling her . 
  he can then move on and acquire gf later . 
  a gf who feels the same way about him . 
  emma is at [ 0:43 ] ( http://youtu.be/46jdfxho_c0?t=43s ), 
  it 's all [ security theatre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/security_theater ) . 
  what would happen if one or the other falls in love ? 
  would that end the fwb thing ? 
  for passive aggressive reasons . 
  she needs more bravery in her life . 
  and science !, 
  i do n't get the complaints . 
  they wo n't change hivemind mentality . 
  it is way too late for that change . 
  op can either :, 
  * suck it up and continue browsing, 
  * unsubscribe and subscribe to / r/trueatheism and similar subs, 
  * subscribe to / r/atheismbot , a filtered / r/atheism sans the crap that plagues this sub . 
  i would recommend getting malwarebytes as well . 
  mse and malwarebytes are pretty good at catching common malware , but the best anti-virus , is yourself , by following safe browsing habits . 
  and plugins , ca n't forget those . 
  the most common malware abuse java , which should not be on people 's computers , unless you explicitly need to , flash , quicktime , and adobe reader . 
  i would recommend doing click to play which is found on opera , chrome ( ium ) and firefox . 
  i am not sure about safari , and i think internet explorer will ask you for permission to use flash and adobe reader , but i am not sure about other plugins . 
  res used to be a ram hog . 
  i am not sure if it still is , since i have n't used it in a while . 
  i find reddit usable with or without it , i mean it is still reddit . 
  look on the bright side , and no offense , but shit , if they are teenagers , like high school up to college age , they will fuck up your house . 
  you will have a shit ton of garbage , property damage , and theft to deal with that you wish you never threw it in the first place . 
  i 've been to a few late night parties during high school , and the places were usually wrecked in the morning . 
  i felt bad for the home owners . 
  near dallas texas . 
  people are pretty much christian , though most if not all of the people that i know seem fairly liberal about religion . 
  i have n't met super religious fundies yet . 
  the gay community is treated nicely here . 
  i 've met a couple of jews , muslims , and sihks , and they are all nice . 
  or he might be secretly gay ? 
  you should crosspost this over to / r/childfree , and see what some of them might have to say . 
  you pretty much have the same arguments they have . 
  they are expensive , you want your freedoms , you do not want to bring in a sick/disabled child , and a bad family history , which is in your case alcoholism . 
  i pretty much agree with those points , but i have not heard of the `` i would love them too much '' argument . 
  i do see where you are coming from though . 
  it would be a terrible thing to be attached to your child , only to have them ripped away from your arms . 
  nor firefox 20 on windows 7 . 
  it was probably already patched . 
  some of it gets stuck on the wall behind him . 
  looks like his eye , but i am not sure . 
  all of them . 
  her dad is chinese english . 
  two image sets :, 
  link to her southern charms page :, 
  i see it as a blessing and a curse . 
  here in the us we run a show to the ground . 
  as long as people watch , scripts are extended , and money will go to their pockets . 
  in the uk , shows end after a couple of episodes . 
  it is sad seeing shows end , but at least they end well , and not watching something slowly rot . 
  yeah , the article said safari did this since ** 2003 **, 
  probably not . 
  i am not an expert on this , but it might seem that too many lists might have unwanted consequences , such as slowing you down , or you might block necessary functions of certain sites . 
  i would just go for an all-in-one list like fanboy 's ultimate list . 
  because ad agencies will have one less method of tracking people . 
  safari was n't a big deal because it has a low market share , though on ios they disabled third party tracking in 2007 ( which is more significant imo ) , but firefox is the 2nd , 3rd most used browser worldwide . 
  that is a blow to them . 
  you saw how mad they were when ie made dnt enabled , though dnt is really just a `` do not disturb '' sign on a hotel door . 
  they do n't have to obey dnt . 
  i mean all browsers can be made to block third party cookies , but no one does it , because not everyone knows that they are tracked , and not everyone knows they can do things to protect themselves , plus people probably do n't care that they are tracked ( `` if you have nothing to hide ... '' ) . 
  when browser devs are making the privacy decisions for consumers , of course ad agencies will be angry , they are losing an outdated method of tracking people , and they will need to come up with new ways to track people . 
  go to the menu icon and scroll to `` view background pages ( some number ) '' . 
  a little window that says `` task manager - google chrome '' should come up . 
  take a screenshot of it and post it . 
  on windows task manager , you see lots of chrome.exe running because that is how chrome is . 
  tabs , windows , plugins and extensions run their own `` chrome.exe '' which is part of chrome 's sandbox , which is a security and stability thing . 
  they all run as their own separate process , and if one thing crashes , it wo n't take down the whole browser with it like it used to do back in the mid 2000s . 
  have you tried pandora without any extensions ? 
  or have you checked if you have click to play enabled ? 
  pandora wo n't load , if flash is n't running . 
  anyone know if this works without using windows firewall ? 
  i use comodo firewall as my main firewall . 
  will this work with comodo , or is there a way i can do this , but through comodo firewall ? 
  my os is windows 7 x64 . 
  but did you try it without any plugins ? 
  if you did , i would suggest trying a separate profile , to see if it is n't with chrome , or something from your computer that causes pandora to fail . 
  this may work , since w7 and vista use the same bootloader . 
  yeah , that is the screenshot i wanted , and it all looks fine . 
  that is the chrome task manager . 
  now , on windows task manager the first screenshot you posted that shows multiple `` chrome.exe '' processes running , means that is how chrome is supposed to be . 
  all of those represent the stuff in the chrome task manager . 
  you will have one chrome.exe for the browser itself , one for flash , one for the current tab you have open , and one for each extension you have installed . 
  yeah just go ahead and disable all of them . 
  or go into incognito mode if you do n't have any extensions enabled for incognito ( this is by default for privacy reasons ) . 
  i am not sure how to do it on comodo to be honest . 
  do it man . 
  fuck it , you do n't know if she will laugh . 
  she might think it will be sweet . 
  if she does , and turns you down , then you can move on and not struggle with the `` what ifs '' . 
  it is better to have your heart broken for a little while than to feel depression for longer because you could n't bring yourself to tell her your feels .
