  but for many young people , i would recommend those , because usually us youngins pickup new stuff quickly . 
  i would do it for antimalware purposes . 
  some of my friends use a mac for that reason . 
  ever since i read this [ post on 4chan ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bwal8ii.png ) ( image/sfw ) , i have always wanted to do it with an so . 
  i do n't see it as weird , but really romantic and intimate . 
  i feel like this is more of a rare thing to do , but if it could be done everyday , i would . 
  if it gets good ratings , i hope they will consider making it a full series , or at least more episodes , since there were a lot of unanswered questions . 
  true , in the article it mentioned how the tunisian government inserted code into facebook that would steal logins whenever someone accessed facebook in the country . 
  this is some screwed up shit to be happening in the us . 
  i mean the ad injections , but if they could inject ads , who knows what other code they could be injecting . 
  call him out on his hypocritical bullshit . 
  listen , you two are still living together , and there should be some ground rules , otherwise shit is n't going to plan out . 
  pregnancy , std risks and baggage are what turn me off from casual sex . 
  yes , you are . 
  would hit on . 
  same here . 
  emetophobia for 19 . 
  what i do is listen to ambient/yoga/new age-y music . 
  it takes my mind off of the anxiety . 
  pandora has a great ambient station , and if you ca n't listen to it because you are outside the us , look into mediahint , which is an addon/extension for chrome and firefox . 
  well , do you have any more pictures , preferably without any filters , so we can make more judgements ? 
  you are still very attractive . 
  you also have a friendly face , and you do n't look intimidating , but welcoming . 
  the first two pictures are fine , and you really rock those glasses . 
  still do n't like those odds . 
  i mean , you ca n't be for sure anyone is n't infected , or sterile , or some kind of birth control . 
  and i do n't mean prostitutes , i mean regular people . 
  i do n't think i ever would have sex with a prostitute , or escort . 
  and there is the baggage part , which probably is n't my biggest concern , but still , i kinda would like to know my partners background 's before we get intimate , which really limits me to being intimate with people i know as friends . 
  ha , the huge glasses thing has been around for a while . 
  here 's [ morrissey rocking some in the 1980s ] ( http://faeriepeculiar.tumblr.com/post/17927742284 ) . 
  though , i do n't know why they became `` cool '' recently , as you say . 
  ahh i see . 
  anyways , what where the two issues that are resolved ? 
  pregnancy and baggage ? 
  so you were hipster , before people you know , went hipster ? 
  well , they certainly turned out alright . 
  good to see something cf friendly come out of parenting.com . 
  i have read to many ` holier than thou ' articles/blogs here from crappy parents . 
  do you wear ironic clothing , or drink out of a mason jar ? 
  if you do n't you probably are n't one . 
  and i agree , hipster culture is fascinating , especially when it took off in places like nyc , seattle , and la in the late 60 's 70 's and 80 's . 
  it 's a part of counter-culture that still thrives to this day . 
  as long as the clothing are n't `` vintage '' , you know like really old cardigans and shit . 
  but the mason jars thing , is pretty hipstery . 
  ahh yes , the beatniks . 
  my first experience with them was seeing doug 's sister from the nick tv show , doug . 
  i always thought she was trying to fit into a french culture , because of the beret . 
  it was n't until i took french in highschool that i learned that she was beatnik . 
  i would kill for new clothes . 
  all of my clothes are old , not old as in antiques , but just worn out . 
  my guess is the next release which will probably be version 12.16 , or 13.00 , since they are going to use a new engine . 
  and they wo n't go with webkit anymore , they are going to use blink , which is a new engine by the chromium team . 
  that will leave safari as the most popular webkit browser in the market . 
  most of them are holding up , but i still have clothes that i have worn since middle school , which was a couple of years ago . 
  also , i am growing , and they are n't fitting that well anymore . 
  i would like to get quality material that will last too , but preferably pants , and not shirts . 
  haha , i think people should find a balance . 
  get clothes that fit well , and look good , well at least they should look good on the person wearing them . 
  i do n't think clothes should be worn because of the price or the label . 
  i would n't exactly say i am into fashion , but i do want to look mature and presentable instead of having a `` teen '' look . 
  it 's great . 
  no lyrics , just instrumental sound . 
  i like all types of genres of music , but ambient is the genre i choose when i have anxiety . 
  also , some tracks are like 20 minutes , 30 minutes , up to an hour . 
  they are like mental massages . 
  what is the female engineer look ? 
  yep , companies are still on 2000 , and have been even after it 's support ended . 
  i get the costs of upgrading , but come on man , if those computers handle sensitive data , there wo n't be much effort to get access to them , as opposed to a newer os , that is constantly getting patched . 
  ~ ~ well us based vpns require logs , and if law enforcement wants them , they are kinda forced to . ~ ~, 
  i do n't think it has to do anything with the end user and their setups . 
  right click your chrome shortcuts and change the address to this : `` c : \\ users \\ ( username ) \\ appdata \\ local \\ chromium \\ application \\ chrome.exe '' -- disable-new-menu-style, 
  change username to your username and chromium to the chrome folder . 
  the point is you want to run the chrome exe with '' -- disable-new-menu-style '' at the end and it will go back to the old menu . 
  well , i stand corrected . 
  one of the reasons they do n't want to accept responsibility is that many claim it was done by the previous government , and not the current one , but that still raises the question as to why it seems they paint it to be a hoax . 
  you just described everybody 's look lol . 
  [ that whole stomp on jesus paper was blown out of proportion by the conservatives . 
  ] ( http://moralcompassblog.com/2013/04/02/step-on-jesus-prof-on-leave-after-death-threats/ ) it proved the * christian * professors point . 
   the exercise was meant to demonstrate that some students would feel inhibited about stepping on something that 15 seconds earlier had been a random , insignificant piece of paper . 
  this would give everyone an opening to discuss symbols and their meaning . 
  i also feel like they are douche-y for doing so . 
  i mean , why would you put your positions on certain things like religion or politics on your car in the first place ? 
  i know a lot of people want atheists to speak up and to `` come out , '' but with your car ? 
  surely there are better ways to self identify as an atheist . 
  people think having a children will somehow cement them in a relationship , or that they have to stay . 
  look at all of the single mothers out there who have had their spouses or boyfriends run out on them . 
  it is one of the most irresponsible things a person can do . 
  if things are rocky in a relationship , children should not be used as pawns to keep the relationship together , or as a way to fix the relationship . 
  the relationship will only be worse . 
  probably because the us could have claims to . org addresses and could therefore be seized by the us . 
  i do n't think it has that much to do with censorship in certain countries . 
  but was n't there a report that said religious websites are more prone to malware than adult ones ? 
  usually religious website hosts are n't the most technical , nor have the funds to really keep them malware free , or free from hackers who could exploit vulnerabilities as opposed to adult websites who are constantly competing with other websites , and therefor need to be at the top of their game . 
  source : [ symantec ] ( http://www.symantec.com/content/en/us/enterprise/other_resources/b-istr_main_report_2011_21239364.en-us.pdf ) ( pdf warning ), 
  i just think google 's malware protection and domain filtering is better than bing 's or yahoo 's because if you think about it , google 's domain filter is built into chrome and firefox . 
  you can report malicious websites from those two browsers . 
  those two web browsers account for a lot of web traffic . 
  google probably also ~ ~ invents ~ ~ invests a lot of money into catching rogue sites . 
  maybe , this is bullshit , but it is my guess .
