  converting to a religion because there is evidence is another thing . 
  for me , i would not convert to any religion . 
  why , you ask ? 
  well why the fuck would i ? 
  everyone here is living their life without one . 
  we are proof that you can be good without religion . 
  you do n't need to believe in a deity to live a good life . 
  why would anyone just suddenly jump to being religious just because evidence of a deity came out ? 
  well , i guess fear mostly . 
  many of us gave up religion because of how screwed up organized religion is . 
  we would probably never go back to it , knowing all the evil that comes with it . 
  we are free from the dogma that comes with religion . 
  for us to go back to a religion , this deity , if he interferes with human affairs , would need to clean up his own house before we go back . 
  probably that and more . 
  my jimmies are seriously rustled . 
  no credited scientist is making the claim that the world is ending on dec 21st . 
  nasa is against it , along with thousands of other secular organizations . 
  scientists found more mayan calendars lasting more years . 
  the only ones making this claim are the dumb christians . 
  they are stealing yet another thing from another religion and culture and claiming it as their own . 
  i have to ask , what is this style/theme called ? 
  i am not asking in particular what you use , but overall in general ? 
  / g / and / wg / used to have mostly `` riced '' desktops with macro wallpapers and usually some minimal rainmeter skin with a custom transparent windows 7 visual style . 
  this is totally different . 
  i never learned what this general area is called for * bsd , * nix and now windows 7 with bblean . 
  i could only go ten comments in . 
  thanks for summing this up for us . 
  you need to add that you agree with her boycotts . 
  then you tell her to add computers , apple , google , and microsoft to the boycott list because computers were kickstarted by a gay british man , and that the three companies give money to or are pro-lgbt . 
  see how far she gets with her dumb boycotts . 
  that person did n't use their religion in a negative way , and you posting that link will only spark an argument instead of a discussion , and even then you posted it at the wrong time . 
  was n't there a link posted to reddit before that said vaginas feel extra tight the first time because of anxiety of the first time having sex ? 
  they probably know who he is . 
  he is a douchebag conspiracy theorist . 
  you can see some of his videos on youtube by going to that channel from the video , or just search `` charlie veitch '' on youtube and numerous videos will come up . 
  really no evidence one even exists . 
  also if there was some evidence , how could you be sure it was your god and not some evil god from another religion , and how can you be sure it is just the one deity ? 
  how can you rule out the possibility of there being more than one ? 
  also , why believe ? 
  life is wonderful for millions of non believers . 
  religion is really only training wheels for people . 
  it guides people through life , the way many other self help systems do . 
  it was that way since religions were first around . 
  religion did wonders for ancient civilizations . 
  it led to the rise of many great cultures , cities , and even early science . 
  but we ca n't forget the massive evil that came with it , and that evil is still around . 
  today , religion is not necessary . 
  science has taken over . 
  the training wheels are no longer required . 
  organized religion today sucks . 
  no apologetic can tell me to view their religion a different way , because i know their religions are horrible and only provide false claims as fact . 
  i did learn that he did give up his original view on 9/11 but he still acts like a conspiracy theorist . 
  he talks through a microphone at people calling them sheeple and shit as if that will win anyone over . 
  he also acts like he hated conspiracy theorists all of his life , which is funny because he used to be one not too long ago . 
  bittorrent 7.2.1 would be a close equivalent on the bittorrent side to utorrent 2.2.1 . 
  bt is just a rebranded utorrent essentially . 
  people would also recommend utorrent 2.0.4 for the old interface but you still get stuff like magnet links . 
  you actually want this ? 
  why are n't you glad you have sane friends ? 
  this shit is not in anyway a * blessing * to have . 
  because conspiracy theory sites pander fear just like many other scams to sell shit . 
  they do it quite well . 
  they quote infowars ( alex jones ) . 
  this is not a reliable article nor source . 
   usa ... murdering since 2004, 
  oh you , we have been killing way before 2004 . 
  god must not be all powerful then if he could be stopped by laws written by man . 
  did he have a m4 clone but he did n't use it ? 
  i agree that an ar ban would n't do much use . 
  too late for it to be effective . 
  there is still that loophole where you can buy just about anything at a gun show and no checks . 
  i 'm sure many people bought their ars this way during the 1994 federal ban . 
  i was specifically talking about private sellers , but i mentioned gun shows , because i figured that is the best place for them to sell and to buy a gun without paperwork . 
  `` loophole '' was also pushing it . 
  i just heard loophole from an abc ? 
  documentary on buying guns with paperwork . 
  [ depeche mode - blasphemous rumours ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azrgpg5ladu ), 
  `` i do n't want to start, 
  any blasphemous rumours, 
  but i think that god 's, 
  got a sick sense of humor, 
  and when i die, 
  i expect to find him laughing '', 
  same here . 
  it asked me again yesterday . 
  i will hit the same response too . 
  i think its the second last one where i can not use my real name . 
  this shit has to be a troll , i mean there are literally spelling and grammatical errors on there , with their appropriate marks under the words !, 
  first of all , christmas really is n't a christian holiday . 
  i mean what the fuck do reindeers , santa claus , pine trees and cookies and milk have to do with christ 's birth ? 
  also , are n't there scholars out there who believe christ was not born on the 25th of december but rather in spring ? 
  also good of you to stay calm . 
  i would 've verbally handed it to her for implying violence is caused by `` removing '' god from schools , even though how can an omnipresent god be `` removed '' from schools ? 
  is he so weak that the first amendment is like some kind of magical barrier for him ? 
  well to be honest , facebook is on the side of people who are butthurt . 
  they will remove absolutely anything that is reported to be offensive by their users . 
  harmless pictures get taken down all the time . 
  i am not sure that this is one of them though . 
  too big to prosecute . 
  they did it with banks , they can do it with facebook too .
