  could you imagine a religious billboard in the south that says `` islam is a religion of peace '' ? 
  that shit would get torn down . 
  nah screw utorrent . 
  they have been making their newer versions crappier and crappier by loading all sorts of unnecessary bloat on it . 
  utorrent used to be about having a very minimal program with a low footprint and now , it just is n't the same . 
  i switched over to open source torrent clients , and i am not going back ( unless they release their source code , them maybe ) . 
  well this image could have been reposted from facebook , and this is all one image along with the tiger at the bottom from some atheist group on facebook , though this is a strange title . 
  reposts over 9000 - original content 0, 
  fuck your [ fixed ] title . 
  i actually like these facebook conversations , but i do n't agree that they should be posted here , but over at [ r/thefacebookdelusion ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/thefacebookdelusion ) . 
  man , i hate the fact that christians are being persecuted in the us . 
  i mean , 44 presidents in a row , were n't christians !, 
  is it a common thing for people our age not to have one ? 
  probably not . 
  i do n't have one because i see no reason for one atm . 
  i am not employed , so that would be my number one reason to have one . 
  i just talk to people in person , or through facebook . 
  anyways , why are you waiting until you are 24 ? 
  why not 21 , or sooner ? 
  wow , is there any reason you lived in so many countries ? 
  did your parents just like traveling , or was it because of the military ? 
  here is the non cropped version . 
  could you mind telling me who the two people under bdoubleo and pause are ? 
  if i remember correctly , he stopped or he crashed , and the people ran up to the car . 
  where would i find the inda theme for bblean ? 
  awesome !, 
  thank you so much . 
  i see this theme , or one similar to this one on / g / and / wg / all the time . 
  thank you again . 
  is that a vlc skin ? 
  [ here 's google 's cached version ] ( https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:ctygruwfhfoj:www.mentalfloss.com/blogs/archives/136738+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=us ) . 
  most of that looks repulsive , yet oddly delicious at the same time . 
  behead those who insult our bravery !, 
  now i just feel like they are tolling , i mean , come on . 
  i do n't think the us ever cared about the un 's rules and laws . 
  tw is the worst ? 
  man that sucks . 
  i ca n't switch to anyone else , because it is like a freakin ' cheap gangster movie . 
  tw owns this area , and no one can muscle in on the territory . 
  i hate monopolies . 
  was n't this one of ron paul 's thing too , to shut down the epa , because it is n't in our constitution to have to pay them , but that we should instead sue for someone contaminating on your property ? 
  anyone know if the fan server is doing the same ? 
  do n't they get stored in ff 's cache ? 
  they 'll be removed whenever you clear the cache . 
  whoa , hold on there man . 
  if she is against it , who knows how far she can take it . 
  she could kick you out or something worse . 
  just wait it out until you know you have somewhere safe where you can be or are financially independent . 
  be default firefox uses 1 gigabyte as cache but you can override it in the options . 
  i get your point though . 
  some programs handle the files differently . 
  i assume most torrent programs keep a copy of the torrent in one of their folders , and the same for magnet links . 
  when something becomes popular and mainstream it will have haters , that is no doubt . 
  instagram is no exception . 
  along with popularity you will see a decline in quality . 
  instagram brought in a new wave of pseudo-photographers . 
  you have a large group of people taking shitty pictures and applying filters , and they think that gives it a quality that is superior to non filtered images . 
  some people see it as the auto-tune of photos . 
  i will say that instagram is a tool , and it is who uses it who determines the quality of the outcome . 
  i have seen many pictures that look enhanced with instagram . 
  they would look plain without it . 
  i have heard instagram is better than the facebook app for the iphone so it is easier to upload photos to fb than their own app , so that contributed to its popularity and use . 
  so instagram photos can go either way , it depends on the image subject and who is taking the photos . 
  also redditors fucking complain about everything . 
  everything , especially mainstream stuff . 
  like your post complaining about people complaining about instagram ... 
  i ca n't watch louie at all . 
  he is one of my favorite comedians , but damn , his show is the epitome of social anxiety for me . 
  i tell myself i would do similar things he does in his show , and it feels like i am experiencing first hand , his experiences . 
  dan the comedian never took off . 
  [ more emma you say ? 
  lazy ass programmers . 
  or they are still working on it , and have yet to test on opera ? 
  then again , i can load the site fine on palemoon 3.6.31 , which is a more updated variant of legacy firefox 3.6.28 . 
  might be the header or something that opera uses that confuses opera with netscape . 
  there are n't any stable x64 builds of opera that i know of . 
  i do know there is opera next x64 and maybe even snapshot x64 builds . 
  why does anyone on reddit need to know this ? 
  do you think there is a large number of iphone counterfeiters on reddit ? 
  i love how natural she is when it comes to acting . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  i would probably laugh a lot too if i was shooting a scene with laina . 
  god directly told me to do it , so i am doing it !, 
  that is why they created this http://www.reddit.com/r/magicskyfairy, 
  because of masculinity in the us . 
  we have this idea where guys are supposed to be ` macho ' attitude , and apparently to a large group of people , male on male homosexuality is n't okay , but female-female is okay `` because they are hot ! '', 
  so would the [ people 's temple ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peoples_temple ) be considered a religion now ? 
  people can preach at high schools now ? 
  is it because you hit the button besides the full screen button on chrome ? 
  it expands a lot . 
  one thing about the few seconds ago thing is that they usually are erased by the poster and so people save a screenshot as soon as they post it so they can have a picture of their post . 
  the thing i do n't understand is why not wait for updates , if there are any , instead of just going straight to reddit and posting . 
  [ the pancakes were an inside job !, 
  ] ( http://www.epiclol.com/cdn/pictures/2011/09/5-dollar-pancakes1.jpg ), 
  i do n't think he has the power ( nor the balls ) to do it . 
  hell , many repubs said they would move to canada or costa rica if obama got elected in ' 08 . 
  how many do you think followed through ? 
  do n't villagers need sunlight ( above the door of a registered house ) to reproduce ? 
  not me personally because i do n't really have a use for an office suite at the moment , so openoffice/libreoffice are good enough for me . 
  i also want to limit the amount of non-free/libre applications on my xubuntu installation so that would exclude this .
