  there is also this ff addon , that will redirect to webm or use other plugins . 
  https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/flashvideoreplacer/ here is a script that will replace flash with a plugin . 
  i do n't think you should give up on ubuntu just yet . 
  you can always dual boot windows and ubuntu so you get the best of both worlds , or you can always install windows in a virtual machine . 
  windows 8 kinda sucks on virtualbox with old hardware . 
  try to install windows 7 or xp if your computer does n't have the hardware needed to run 8 in virtualbox . 
  i am not a fan of solid colors nor sharp corners . 
  it looks unappealing . 
  they could at least give the window borders some texture or a hint of a gradient instead of just a solid color . 
  that solid color borders just looks old and boring . 
  also , why did they remove aero but leave it be on the taskbar ? 
  what is your preferred operating system ? 
  free open source software . 
  oldapps and filehippo also have older versions of many popular programs . 
  are you on some special diet or take any vitamins that help you to never get sick ? 
  or how about it is n't 2001 anymore , and ie9 is a pretty stable browser in today 's terms . 
  i was talking about ie6 that came with windows xp , but i do realize that that icon is for ie7 . 
  ie9 supports many modern features compared to its predecessors , but i understand that many people still use ie6-ie8 . 
  i know it is a pain to develop websites that work with earlier versions of ie , but ie9 is pretty good . 
  it will only get better with ie10 . 
  still , it is n't up to date like chrome , firefox , opera , safari , etc. , in terms of html5 , but it will still work with most sites . 
  and no , i do n't use ie . 
  i do n't really have a `` main '' browser , i alternate between firefox , chromium and opera . 
   this is going on reddit , you know . 
  can we please cut that shit out already ? 
  i have been thinking the same thing for a long time . 
  everytime i see a recent concert on youtube that someone recorded , you can see many people with their cellphones out and it irks me . 
  it eats at me . 
  it seems to me that people used to go to legendary concerts and watch moments that will never happen again and that only those select few got to see , and now those moments are n't going to be special if everyone that goes to concerts record and upload them to the internet , for whatever reasons . 
  and yeah , the quality are n't even that great . 
  by windows , do you mean what they look like in ms office or libreoffice/openoffice on windows ? 
  if you mean ms office , you can see what they look like on ms office if you install ms office in a windows vm , or if you do n't have ms office , you can use the free [ 2007 word viewer ] ( https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=4 ) from microsoft for windows . 
  i think you can upload . docx files to google docs and view them from there to see if things did n't get messed up when you save a . odt file to . docx . 
  i do n't think there are any free vpns that allow torrent traffic . 
  they would n't be making money if they did allow torrent traffic . 
  there is one though , vpnreactor , which is what i currently use , but it has limitations like generik777 pointed out . 
  your best chances are to buy a cheap offshore vpn , or rent a vps and install * nix / * bsd and openvpn and create your own virtual private network . 
  adblock . 
  why is this even a problem in 2012 ? 
  if you do n't want to install adblock , at least block major annoying advertisement websites using your hosts file . 
  using your hosts file will block ads on every program you use granted those ad websites are on the hosts file and are routed to localhost . 
  i barely passed english 4 my senior year with a 72 % with 70 % passing . 
  i got lazy and neglected the work . 
  i paid dearly . 
  i stayed after hours the last day of school turning in late assignments . 
  it was humiliating to say the least . 
  if you have trouble with some schoolwork , go to tutoring or saturday school . 
  any school day is better than the last day of school . 
  pretty much my case . 
  i thought being lazy pays off now , and work later , when it should have been work now , nothing later . 
  i hated that whole school concept too , but i am extremely glad i lived it and got through it . 
  i got an education out of the whole deal . 
  so many people would kill to have an education in a western country , especially in the us . 
  i wish i could go back and try harder , but alas the past is the past . 
  you still have two years , so make the best of it . 
  wow , i did n't even know that vlc can play youtube videos without any special plugins or something . 
  the [ extended support release ] ( https://www.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/organizations/all.html ) is good for people who do not want to update regularly , and want something stable who do n't care about bleeding edge implementations . 
  it is what i currently use , and i am happy with it . 
  reddit will never upvote crappy comments , right ? 
  reddit will never do that !, 
  yeah . 
  but do n't let them know you are mocking them on reddit , if they even know what reddit is . 
  i mean , how do you even know if they are n't trolling you ? 
  do n't give them that satisfaction . 
  did n't xp already have support for ipv6 but it was n't enabled ? 
  and is n't ipv6 already enabled on windows 7 ? 
  i think she wore those shorts to show off her legs . 
  i mean , those are some nice legs . 
  bud , randal , spencer, 
  this is shit . 
  they will say that atheists or agnostics do n't know what they are talking about , since they are posting fake bible quotes . 
  karma whores man . 
  also , you have to realize there are more redditors who browse and vote on the front page , than there are redditors who actually go in the comments and contribute . 
  usually these people just mindlessly vote while other people will go in the comments and call out the op for posting a fake quote . 
  i love rain at night . 
  the sound of the rain splashing on concrete and bouncing of my window is relaxing . 
  that and/or flashblock and noscript for firefox . 
  by his definition , god is an accessory to murder then . 
  we can finally take him to court !, 
  i do n't think you know what trolling means . 
  fred used the hashtag #godisamericasterrorist, 
  i did n't know it would be that easy for them to admit . 
  is n't it always that way during lone gunmen shootings ? 
  that there are more than one people perpetrating the crime during all the confusion ? 
  i mean that is how it was whenever breivik committed his massacre in norway . 
  so for there to be reports of more shooters to then be changed , should be fairly common and not really a conspiracy of accomplices . 
  the question i ask , is why the hell did those parents bring their children to a protest ? 
  i mean , come on . 
  they really have no place there and should 've been left at home . 
  i do n't know if the really expected it to go peacefully , or they should 've left as soon as the shit was starting to hit the fan . 
  if i recall correctly comodo dragon , another browser based on chromium , which is what google chrome is derived from , and chromeplus/cool novo also take away some of the tracking that is the default on google chrome . 
  even chromium itself does n't have some of the tracking that chrome has . 
  eric robert rudolph and tim mcveigh should be on there as well . 
  maybe even george zimmerman , although he did n't kill many people , he did kill one , and said it was part of `` god 's plan . '', 
  but criminals have been fully armored and fully armed before . 
  this is nothing new . 
  take for example the [ north hollywood robbery/shootout ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_hollywood_shootout ) that happened in 1995 . 
  these two guys has some serious body armor that small caliber pistols nor shotguns could penetrate . 
  they were armed with a variant of an ak-47 with armor piercing rounds , ar-15s with drum mags , and an hk41 . 
  they had to call in the swat teams and aquire m16s from a nearby gun dealer because the shooters were not going down .
