  i do n't want transmission to show my real ip , and for my isp to be snooping around . 
  shit , you would be in prison if you tased a cop who refused to wash your car , but when he did it , just three days vacati ... , i mean , suspension . 
  he wo n't get anything more than a slap on the wrist . 
  i doubt it . 
  fios is part of verizon and they are one of the major us isps to agree to the six strikes system . 
  you should be careful of the stuff you download . 
  i wish i knew that feel . 
  have you tried clearing your cache and cookies and all that ? 
  will it really ? 
  i mean morgan freeman played god in two movies . 
  i guess it will depend if the media will exaggerate the point that a black actor is playing jesus . 
  here 's the link to the [ news article ] ( http://www.19actionnews.com/story/19967377/this-just-in-tsa-agent-charged-with-rape ) from the source , so you do n't have to click on the tinfoil link . 
  i wonder how many people , if wounded , would rather go to a church instead of a clinic or a hospital . 
  this is like the sixth negative article involving my state of texas and religion that i have read in the last twenty minutes . 
  damn it texas , get it together . 
  and this stupid school is just going to waste tax payer money doing this shit . 
  they will probably get sued , and tax money will probably be used to investigate this incident . 
  you ca n't really throw any `` my wifi was hacked '' defenses on this one . 
  they have him . 
  did you know that texas republicans actually advocated intellectual ignorance for public schools ? 
   knowledge-based education -- we oppose the teaching of higher order thinking skills ( hots ) ( values, 
  clarification ) , critical thinking skills and similar programs that are simply a relabeling of outcome-based, 
  education ( obe ) ( mastery learning ) which focus on behavior modification and have the purpose of challenging, 
  the student 's fixed beliefs and undermining parental authority . 
  source : s3.amazonaws.com / texasgop_pre / assets/original/2012platform _ final.pdf, 
  facial recognition still rocking everywhere else though . 
  damn i love how europe actually cares about their privacy unlike the here in the us . 
  there was a post from the summer where a store had their shelves lined up with christmas shit already . 
  i do n't get the reasoning . 
  why do we force this crap so early ? 
  we should delay it until we can while we can because once it 's over , we only have new years and then we have to wait a long time before we get to experience the cool holidays again . 
   `` go kill those plebeians '', 
   `` yes mi lord !, 
  that 's basically what the status sounded like to me . 
  i think you did everything right . 
  you stuck by your guns , gave citations , and did n't resort to / r/atheism-tier name calling and attacks . 
  i would like to point out that many pro-lifers are anti-choice , because they want to take the right of abortion away , or pro-birth , meaning their activism only extends until a baby is born . 
  they usually do n't care after that . 
  i know many pro-lifers are against stuff like welfare and want it cut or taken away . 
  they should know that you should n't bring a kid into the world if there is nothing there to support it . 
  if many of the people who are pro life claim they are really pro-life then they would be telling the world to adopt children instead of having them themselves , advocate birth control , condoms and sexual education . 
  they would lobby for more money for social services , because sometimes people [ ca n't feed one person with food stamps ] ( http://www.addictinginfo.org/2012/09/26/phoenix-mayor-snap-budget/ ) much less a child as well . 
  that 's easier said than done . 
  it 's too bad many people do n't realize that it is not everything else that needs change first , it is the person who needs to change first before he or she can change the world , though that does not necessarily mean that they ca n't give the world a good impact in the process . 
  same goes for linux since version 11.2 . 
  if you want flash on linux , you are going to have to install google chrome . 
  you can make plugins click to play on chrome , ff , and opera . 
  but still , that noscript/scriptno is a good still idea . 
  i think the op should go ahead and disable java , because i doubt he has come across a site where he absolutely must have java installed to use . 
  for ab , i would say to get [ fanboy 's ultimate list ] ( https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/filters.html ) , and white list sites like reddit , and youtube ( if he watches people who rely on the ads for their income ) . 
  i agree with all of your points , though i want to add one . 
  how does he even know it can be one god who started it all , what if there are many ? 
  then we would have more unanswered questions . 
   i dont know how to tell anyone especially my family, 
   im a 16 year old guy, 
  do n't man . 
  even liberal christian or other theist parents have kicked out their children before . 
  it has been said to be illegal , but still , they can do it . 
  i think you should play along , until you have money of your own from a job or something , and have a place to go , like your own apartment , or something with a roommate . 
  chances are , coming out will only hurt you even though it sucks hiding and lying about who you really are . 
  just because they are christian does n't mean he has to go to a christian college , he can probably choose where he wants to go . 
  and like i said , it is usually a bad idea to come out , especially if he lives in a conservative , religious area . 
  his parents could disown him , but that is n't the end of it . 
  his friends could disown him as well , and even his teachers and school could disown him . 
  it sucks feeling like the world is against you , and he is only 16 with no place of his own , and probably the only he money he gets is from his parents . 
  i read too many of these stories here on / r/atheism , / r/youngatheist , and / r/atheisthavens of atheists coming out , and it is just nothing but drama for them . 
  it 's kind of a mix of uk garage and dubstep . 
  second source : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/huff-wires/20121104/ml-iran-drone/, 
  well i tried to find the original ap article with no luck so i settled for the one i could find . 
  i apologize . 
  throw in there that even people who are sterile can get married . 
  why is n't there legalization preventing them from marrying ? 
  i wish you could manually input a reason why . 
  i would have typed in `` because youtube is n't facebook . 
  there is absolutely no reason why anyone 's real name should be default username on youtube . '', 
  `` i 'm not an alcoholic , i have a personal relationship with beer . '', 
  this is a very related james randi [ clip from a doc . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdbuf6d3xm8&amp;t=46m32s ) talking about psychics and them using a picture to find out who ted bundy was , without knowing anything about him before , just by looking at his picture . 
  they try to bait him by asking him to comment , on their comments , and he does n't budge . 
  they tell him that they need more info to go on , because they obviously do n't know crap , and that is how these things work . 
  they ask very vague questions that can apply to just about anyone and try to be more specific by relying on the information given by the person . 
  i think he declined because he knows he would n't appeal to these youths . 
  i am guess by youth this means around teens , early adults . 
  many of them are raised by the internet and browse popular sites like reddit and 4chan , and those sites are liberal and the majority of the people of those sites are pretty liberal and it is apparent that these youth are probably liberals and slightly left wing as well , and he wo n't get their vote . 
  the internet is going for obama or third party , so i guess this is the 47 % percent part ii , only this percentage is much higher . 
  i would say that really does n't do much . 
  there are already too many inexperienced users doing that on legitimate torrents . 
  i see it usually on movie torrents . 
  i mean , why would you comment `` fake !, 
  viruz ! '', 
  on a movie torrent ? 
  or many people would say in the comments that the torrent would get flagged as a false positive on many anti-viruses so they should white-list the files . 
  probably going to a moderator or an admin is the way to go to report a virus . 
  i thought that was a troll thing that would totally screw up your hard drive if you actually do it . 
  [ same thing has happened for people voting for romney in colorodo ] ( http://www.cbs42.com/content/localnews/story/voting-machines-switch-romney-votes-to-obama/m9dr8wdjbukx8ofu4meifq.cspx ) . 
  voting machines just do n't work . 
  people with 1960 's mentality . 
  well , there is still the floppy drive option though i doubt you want to buy a floppy drive just to install xp . 
  sorry i could n't be of more use . 
  i 'm pretty glad actually .
