  al jazeera english is definitely better than cnn/hln , fox , msnbc and whatever other crap stations are shown . 
  windows 7 it seems . 
  it 's from the gq shoot . 
  you can watch the whole thing , or scroll to 1:46 . 
  i never understood why people do this . 
  why split up a video into a couple of gifs , where she only says like 4 words , but have 2 sentences written down that she is supposed to say ? 
  seems like the video should have been posted instead . 
  technically ripping them from youtube is a gray area . 
  you are not paying for the music and you are acquiring them from illegitimate sources . 
  you are breaking youtube 's tos by doing that . 
  you are using a third party ( addon/extension/website / program ) to acquire the music , and not through an official youtube service . 
  this one is the best imo . 
  this is a subtle apostate quote . 
   when i was a child , i talked like a child , i thought like a child , i reasoned like a child . 
  when i became a man , i put childish ways behind me . 
  he said he could do that , but even if he could do it through google , the real problem is facebook for even allowing this to happen . 
  having to tell facebook over and over that he does not want his gmail account connected to facebook is ridiculous . 
  you realize he has released [ a couple of videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/whzgud2/videos?view=0&amp;flow=grid ) since pumped up kicks right ? 
   `` scout must believe in a higher power '', 
  exponents . 
  loophole . 
  i somehow knew she was going to be british . 
  probably because we do n't say we `` fancy '' somebody , but rather we like them . 
  treehouse episode with the magic conch . 
  i downloaded privitizevpn a while ago , and i occasionally use it . 
  i did not get any of the malware you have mentioned . 
  if you want to get rid of some things , try revo uninstaller and uninstall any leftover crap and do a full system scan when you get the option to scan any leftover items leftover after you install a toolbar or whatever malicious items you see on your computer . 
  ahh okay . 
  well , i do n't know what you have done other than uninstall privitize and junk , and run several anti-malware programs , what i would suggest you do now , is look into firewalls . 
  i use comodo firewall and it is pretty good . 
  it has a built in defense program that would require you to accept or deny suspicious programs from interacting with other programs or the registry . 
  the firewall aspect is pretty good as well . 
  it is way better than the default firewall that comes with windows . 
  you can block individual programs from accessing the internet . 
  trying to start your old car on a cold morning . 
  their [ history of wooing women ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-teim9cece0 ) is pretty good as well . 
  [ i am so sick of the white man who think that just because they crossed an ocean they can do whatever they want . 
  ] ( http://www.picture-indian.com/images/indian-chief.jpg ), 
  no , seriously , glad you called him out on that bullshit . 
  man , theists really love their reductio ad hitlerum . 
  i do n't think it is about views . 
  guude , millbee , and others have said they do n't care about views . 
  he adds people who want to be on the server that are cool and compatible with everyone else . 
  he does n't want drama on the server . 
  he also does n't want to add people that will never hop on . 
  i think he adds lpers because he knows that they will be on , that they are more trustworthy because they are n't just some random dude that could grief the server and cause problems just to be famous or just to be a douche . 
  it will be a while before someone new comes along , because guude has stated that what they have right now is good and that adding someone new to the server is unlikely , but his mind could potentially change . 
  yeah , i hate seeing shit that is debunked forwarded on facebook . 
  i want to call them out on it , but i rather let them have their moments . 
  unless if it is down right idiotic , or bigoted . 
  ehh , needs more s [ weed ] en , mountain dew , neil ( smoke de grass ) tyson , and doritos . 
  are you sure it is n't flash , because chrome and ie use different flash players ? 
  `` think for yourself ! '' ... 
  `` by joining our fucked up cult ! '', 
  i completely agree . 
  i thought everything before was great , but you do not get any of that with scientology and that line exemplifies it . 
  your problem is you are using cnet which has been shit for a long time . 
  they have been doing this for a while . 
  they have to get more revenue you know ? 
  try using ninite , filehippo , sourceforge or other software hosting companies other than cnet , like softpedia . 
  often times they redirect to cnet , but yeah , if they do direct downloads , that is a good idea . 
  it seems like people that do n't have a twitter , but have a facebook , are abandoning facebook for twitter . 
  i do think that facebook 's popularity will go down , but it wo n't become the next myspace or digg until a couple of years . 
  most of my friends were fb only and now they do n't get on facebook as often , and leave `` follow me on twitter '' messages . 
  same goes for their parents . 
  that is awesome . 
  as a fellow anxiety sufferer , nothing would make my day than having an amazing girlfriend make me some delicious food or little things to acknowledge that she cares and loves me . 
  my argument against the pledge is not against the `` under god '' part , but the whole thing . 
  why is this nationalism shit endorsed anyway ? 
  i mean , come on , these are kids saying this shit everyday at school . 
  why everyday , and not once a week , or once a year ? 
  do they really understand why they say it or what the meaning behind the pledge is ? 
  i doubt it . 
  no other countries do this . 
  i can only find on wikipedia that south korea and the philippines do it too . 
  i hate to bring in godwin/reductio ad hitlerum but does n't this seem something that nazi germany or the soviet states would do to bring in more patriotism/nationalism ? 
  this is kinda like religion , it should n't be forced on kids , and it should be opt-in , not opt-out . 
  like i said earlier , do kids really understand why they say the pledge ? 
  i doubt it , but they will do it because they have done it since kindergarten and will keep doing it , not knowing that they can opt-out of it . 
  plus a lot of schools do kinda force you to do it , even though they should n't . 
  my high school would force kids to stop , even those in the hallways , and do the pledge . 
  also feels like [ appeal to tradition ] ( http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/appeal-to-tradition.html ) . 
   x is old or traditional, 
   therefore x is correct or better . 
  do they charge you extra for using up that much bandwidth ? 
  plugins too , like flash , use a lot of resources , and one process that is always running is the gpu process . 
  oprah should be on this list . 
  she is 59 and has been with a man since 1986 , and will probably not marry ( they are in a `` spiritual '' union ) , and is cf. 
  [ she did however have a child at 14 due to rape , only to have it die at childbirth . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2003/mar/02/pressandpublishing.usnews1 ), 
  that 's malware , not a virus , as it does n't replicate itself and spread , or more specifically ransomware . 
  `` godless society is to blame ! '', 
  yet , western countries with large atheist populations , like sweden , norway , iceland , denmark , are doing pretty well for being `` godless societies '' . 
  they are n't shitholes , and have high standards of living compared to heavily religious areas like the middle east and conservative american states . 
  also , tim mcveigh , believed in god . 
  9/11 hijackers , did their terrorist act for god . 
  nazis , incorporated god into their propaganda . 
  you should have gotten a winrar gf , a trial version gf that never expires . 
  i feel the same way . 
  i do n't really view my birthdays as special .
