  why do we have to know this ? 
  and did you just copy and paste a gawker article to pastebin ? 
  i saw this design once yesterday . 
  the two things i dislike about this design is it is a bit too narrow , and usually monitors are widescreen . 
  i also hate the top google bar . 
  i think youtube should be separated from google 's other features . 
  they asked for a reason ? 
  i remember them asking if i wanted to use my real name and a yes or no button and that was it . 
  come on , do n't link directly to facebook . 
  op probably associated the blades as being from tmnts . 
  i hate that people claim that god is perfect . 
  you ca n't create imperfection or flawed things like humans and be called perfect . 
  stopped reading at `` notorious reddit troll . '', 
  the true meaning of the word `` troll '' has been dead for a long time . 
  i do n't think the release of his name and address was illegal . 
  what is illegal is blackmail . 
  threating someone to delete everything or you will be exposed is illegal . 
  he was n't condescending at first . 
  he was originally supposed to be creepy . 
  hence why it is called creepy wonka on quickmeme . 
  not all agnostics are atheists though . 
  you can have agnostic theists , who believe a god or gods exist , but they have no way of proving it . 
  well that and isp 's can see the bittorrent traffic . 
  they will see a shit ton of bandwidth being used and they also check for the bittorrent protocol do n't they ? 
  ie9 was an okay browser when it came out . 
  sure it 's outdated today , because they never fucking update it , but ie10 will be better . 
  it is up to par with firefox . 
  hopefully they will learn this by the time ie10 comes out . 
   but that would still be illegal if you were downloading copyrighted music as op is asking people to do . 
  op is n't asking anyone to download copyrighted stuff . 
  he is asking people to use it by inserting any song , it does n't mean it has to be copyrighted . 
  there are lots of creative commons licensed music on youtube or any other license where it is free to download for personal use . 
  or you can use it to extract audio out of clips for whatever reasons . 
  same here . 
  i use chromium over ie because , well ie has shitty extensions , and i hate how it is too integrated into the system that when you want to install an extension , it is like installing a program . 
  i was n't trying to be edgy or anything . 
  i prefer chromium developer builds to chrome stable or unstable . 
  yeah , it 's the same thing as chrome really . 
  chrome is chromium with little changes like integrated flash and its own pdf reader . 
  the biggest drawback is you have to manually install updates . 
  there is no seamless background updating like chrome . 
  well , this is the case for windows . 
  seems like microsoft does n't give a shit about about features . 
  most people who are on ie are corporate or business users and maybe people who do n't know much about computers and they do n't really push updates to them do they ? 
  seems like they are mostly patches . 
  they probably do n't even really know how out of date they are compared to other browser users , because major sites have ie compatibility . 
  depends on what features browsers introduce . 
  i think many features should be opt-in through extensions or addons , but some are okay to add to the browser like rss feeds . 
  i doubt a built in rss feed reader would slow or bog down the browser . 
  i do hate how browsers are trying to integrate social media with the browser . 
  that shit should be its own browser like rockmelt . 
  but i strongly agree with your last sentence . 
  that 's what 's most important to me . 
  it does n't mention them directly , but it does say, 
   block access to unspecified `` popular sites '' until the customer completes an ` online education tutorial on copyright . 
  but if they are unspecified , boing boing can only assume with evidence , which they should n't 've . 
  would n't vinegar be a better substitute than fucking listerine ? 
  that 's where i get them too . 
  and they update every day , sometimes more than once . 
  i just wait a few days and download the latest mini installer and update , which is why i said that is the biggest drawback . 
  i have heard of people using third party auto-updaters , but i do n't know the program 's name . 
  sometimes you do n't need to say anything . 
  sometimes you just want someone to listen and hug you . 
  is n't there evidence that muhammad from the religion of islam existed as well ? 
  i wonder how christians would feel if another one of god 's prophets existed and preached another religion and what it would mean to the christian faith . 
  that person got 36 likes for that bullshit ? 
  you should 've slapped some logic and reason on him or her . 
  [ i use this ] ( http://www.thewindowsclub.com/windows-7-start-button-changer-released ) . 
  just click the start button icon on the top right and it will open up explorer and you click on a . bmp image file with the icons . 
  it has to a . bmp for it to work if i am not mistaken . 
  but yeah , deviantart is the place to go to get your custom start orb icons . 
  i also want to add that you have to run this as admin . 
  to do this , right click the . exe and click on `` run as administrator '' . 
  you 'll get errors if you do n't run as admin . 
  no insult taken . 
  i like the fact that it is the open source part of chromium . 
  i am trying to be more foss ( free , open source software ) friendly . 
  google adds and enables some [ tracking stuff ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/google_chrome#privacy ) by default which i am personally against , which is absent or turned off on chromium . 
  you can opt-out of most of it though so it is n't too big of a deal . 
  i do wish there was auto-update for chromium . 
  you can do it for linux and maybe mac by just running the package manager , except i think the chromium project for ubuntu is no longer maintained and it is possibly outdated in the repositories . 
  the flash part is proprietary and not [ `` free '' software ] ( https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html ) . 
  i do n't really care about the pdf reader too much because i just use [ sumatra ] ( http://blog.kowalczyk.info/software/sumatrapdf/free-pdf-reader.html ) and its chrome plugin which is open source . 
  chromium developer builds are also cutting edge with experimental features for the cost of stability . 
  chromium developer builds are like firefox nightly builds which are really for developers and for testing purposes . 
  chrome releases are a couple of versions behind chromium developer builds because google works to make them stable and to add and remove features . 
  there are [ chrome canary builds ] ( https://tools.google.com/dlpage/chromesxs ) which is exactly like chromium developer builds in terms of experimental features . 
  i think most people should stick with chrome instead of chromium dev . 
  just because of the features that chrome has and that chromium is lacking . 
  he had a program that would randomly choose a page number in the comments and he would get another number that would correspond to the comment in the order it is on that page . 
  like if he would get a 4 , he would pick the 4th comment on that page . 
  the second thing is kinda dumb . 
  not everyone is watching it at the same time and top comments change all the time , because of new submissions . 
  he encourages people to come up with some weird things , because he wants the game to be challenging but not to the point where it would be impossible . 
  but the point is to randomly select a rule that someone sent in , not the most popular . 
  and if he chooses the top comment from the previous video right before he starts recording , it would n't be fair to the thousands of other people who submitted their response before . 
  he is n't supposed to choose what rules he is going to use nor the viewers , although they are the ones submitting the rules . 
  he is supposed to get a random rule from a huge list of viewer submitted rules . 
  chance is what chooses the rule for the next video . 
  funny how the catholic church can say `` yes , evolution is real , '' but they ca n't admit that the earth is more than 10,000 years old .
