  same here . 
  i ca n't find any cool aero compatible themes . 
  they all change the window border , which i do not want . 
  well if you have to lend your lighter , there is a rule that everyone who needs it , goes first , and you last , so that you know you will keep your lighter at the end . 
  same for calling general computer malware , a `` virus '' . 
  addition : even spam links are considered `` viruses '' to a lot of people . 
  you know , has there even been a legit virus out there in the wild for a while ? 
  i have n't heard of any . 
  i have heard of worms though , recently stuxnet comes to mind , but i have not heard of any viruses . 
  malware is the umbrella term for all the bad stuff you mentioned . 
  virus : replicates itself by usually infecting existing computer programs and spreads to other computers . 
  adware : usually harmless . 
  you might see ads on webpages that are not supposed to be there such as on wikipedia , or on text . 
  sometimes you might have popups on your computer from a program that shows an advertisement asking to buy the full program . 
  spyware : malware that steals data from your computer without you knowing about it . 
  worm : spreads to other computers . 
  does not need to infect computer programs ; it spreads itself . 
  trojan : usually bundled with a legit program that does what it tells you , but also does bad stuff you do n't know about , or has access to programs or data that you did not give it permission to do . 
  i say `` it is a shitty way to only think of your children as caretakers when you get old . 
  that is very selfish . 
  are n't they supposed to be more than that ? '', 
  also , do n't many elderly stay in shape and are very active and take care of themselves ? 
  if you are the opposite , why the hell would you add all of the stress of taking care of their possibly disabled parents on your children ? 
  they have their own shit to take care of !, 
  again that is very selfish . 
  and it is a horrible pro-children argument for breeders . 
  edit : guess i should have realized about different variables that affect mobility at old age . 
  still , i hate the parents that are just going to use their children as their butlers when they get old . 
  i actually wanted vasectomy to be up there . 
  i would 've thought the ideas of vasectomy and other forms of birth control would 've been hammered on this subreddit . 
  i guess `` fuck '' `` shit '' and `` lol '' are mentioned more often . 
  i hated dexter once he got married and had a kid of his own . 
  i mean , he was dating a woman with two children , but he never was really too involved with them , he was n't really responsible for them , and he was sorta independent with his own apartment and life . 
  he then had to give up his apartment and independence , live in the boring suburbs with other boring parents and live in misery , the stuff of nightmares . 
  she also did take some pills which would 've induced an abortion , but she then threw them up , which by the way , were acquired by two younger people who had to make a `` run '' at the local pharmacy which almost got one of them killed . 
  the biggest reason i love firefox and its forks are the massive addon/extension support . 
  my pet peeve is on the addons page on mozilla.org . 
  many of the addons and themes are really old and outdated . 
  i hate having to browse a lot of pages of incompatible themes and extensions . 
  many are updated while others are no longer maintained so there are a lot of sporadic working and non working addons/themes on pages when i browse `` most popular '' or even `` most recent . '', 
  is there a way to hide addons/themes that are incompatible with my firefox version , which at the moment is 20 beta ? 
   comments are disabled for this video . 
  yep , typical christian thing to do , suppress negative comments by killing all comments . 
  thanks . 
  i wish it did more , but at least the apps page looks better instead of the blinding white background . 
  the download link on imgur always seems to fail for me on large albums . 
  hopefully this will be a better solution . 
  `` how dare you make me look like a douchebag !, 
  only i can do that ! '', 
  it works for me without being logged in . 
  yep any post with a couple of reports gets taken down automatically . 
  facebook caves to people who complain . 
  there are no reviews on stuff that gets taken down . 
  we can do the same for the stoning page , granted enough people report the page/picture . 
  signing this stupid petition wo n't do shit . 
  they never do . 
  did she link it , or did someone she knows , link it ? 
  i heard vinegar and possibly baking soda gets rid of smells that soap ca n't get rid of . 
  oh , okay i understand now . 
  jeez , sorry about that man . 
  aided by the orthodox church as well . 
   we never gave young people the right to do it, 
  yet , they think they have the right to punish them . 
  who gave them that right ? 
  i feel this also might have contributed https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning-kruger_effect, 
   the dunning -- kruger effect is a cognitive bias in which unskilled individuals suffer from illusory superiority , mistakenly rating their ability much higher than average . 
  in layman 's terms : i do n't need water , because my body can handle all of this bad stuff that others ca n't !, 
  but surely there must be some things that even you would consider an immediate deal breaker ? 
  examples : she/he looks like a drug addict . 
  say you go to a restaurant on your first date and she/he is abusive towards the waiter or other patrons . 
  she/he is still technically married but separated . 
  if your religion interferes with your job/career ( doctor , pharmacist ) choose one or the other , do n't choose both . 
  she could , you know , adopt a homeless child or child in foster care , but no , it has to be blood for her to be happy and instead she is just going to waste her life bitching at op and people who get abortions and people who are cf. 
  or lit rag in the gas tank to blow the truck up , plan . 
  though , lighting the rag ( or any cloth or flammable material ) would be a problem if she does n't have a lighter or matches . 
  which is what makes firefox great imo . 
  you have more access to common settings without having to install third party extensions ( i am looking at you chromium/chrome ) . 
  actually most of these settings are found in common browsers , so you could cause the same problems with opera , chrome , safari , and internet explorer . 
  i do n't see why firefox is singled out . 
  java is probably on there for minecraft . 
  op should add to set the security settings for java at max , or to disable browser plugins on java through the control panel . 
  wow , you are cute . 
  you totally rock that short hair . 
  it blends well with your brown eyes . 
  also are you british ? 
  actually i do n't really care about this argument anymore . 
  i just say , well , `` at least i can change my mind later . 
  you ca n't . 
  my regret will only affect me and maybe my so , but if you regret having children , how many people will it affect ? '', 
  can anyone undo a childbirth years later ? 
  your options are limited to what you can do . 
  this lpt does not work on the open source browser chromium , which is where google chrome gets its source from . 
  i instead use the search engine duckduckgo and use the [ bang syntaxes ] ( https://duckduckgo.com/bang.html ) to search sites like youtube , bing , wikipedia etc. 
  it is a privacy oriented search engine , and the bang commands can be used on internet explorer , opera , firefox , safari , or basically any web browser and cross platforms . 
  you do n't have to install anything , right click any search toolbars , or other things to use the bang commands on ddg . 
  [ ghostery ] ( https://www.ghostery.com/ ) is also a cool addon . 
  it is available for ie , chrome , ff , safari and opera . 
  hell , i would just recommend adding the [ annoyances list ] ( https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/ ) from fanboy to add to your adblock subscriptions to block social media plugins . 
  if you do n't think children are for you , there is a subreddit for people who are childfree/childless over at / r/childfree . 
  i would prefer he or she gets am initial screenshot , then waits for a reply if any .
