  a shit ton were injured though . 
  they could have easily died , if not for the people that helped out and the doctors who worked day and night to help heal the wounded . 
  not sure if your genetics had a role , but wow , you are very attractive . 
  wow , talk about a complete overreaction . 
  all of that for a backhanded comment ? 
  seems like she has had some problems with you before . 
  it sucks that she told your other family members , and they did n't get your side of the story . 
  also , why would she turn in your phone to the police , does she suspect illegal activity ? 
  seems like you should get your own place so you do n't have to deal with your mom anymore if she does stuff like this . 
  [ here is a higher quality gif ] ( https://i.minus.com/ibwu2gec1i8bbl.gif ) . 
  do n't children throw a tantrum anyways whenever you take away their favorite toy or video game ? 
  paying 16k for `` treatment '' for something that seems ordinary is ridiculous . 
  except for beef , [ whose accountant also doubles as a f1 mechanic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=uhi7iemdlk4#t=410s ) . 
  more taxpayer money going into the crapper due to idiots thinking they can circumvent the constitution . 
  all of that money will be spent on avoidable lawsuits . 
  apparently this tweet affected the stock market causing stocks with dow jones to drop and then recover . 
  i think they should have added that not all websites know about do not track , at least for older sites , and that websites do not have to honor do not track . 
  it even says google and other web services do not change anything upon receiving do not track requests , when you click on `` learn more '' . 
   does chrome provide details of which websites and web services respect do not track requests and how they interpret them ? 
  at this time , most web services , including google 's , do not alter their behavior or change their services upon receiving do not track requests . 
  so , do not track is n't the best privacy feature implemented in browsers , because it relies on websites honoring it . 
  the best way to stay private on websites is for you to install addons/extensions that protect your privacy . 
  i do n't see many . 
  i used to see them in the default subs a lot , like / r/pics , but since i unsubscribed from most of them , i do n't think i see children pictures or children videos anymore , with the exception of / r/videos which i am still subscribed to . 
  here is another one . 
  obama obviously . 
  christians just ca n't seem to get a break in this country . 
  they are constantly persecuted by obama 's thugs . 
  i mean , they have 24/7 surveillance of churches !, 
  christians get blamed for terrorism all the time , like the recent bombings for example . 
  christianity is essentially being made illegal by all of these libruls passing gay marriage bills . 
  if you mention that you are christian , and you are running for government office , no one will vote for you . 
  there has n't even been one christian us president , out of all the presidents !, 
  christians are literally the most persecuted minority in america . 
  `` if robosexual marriage was to become legal , imagine all the horrible things that will happen to our children , then imagine we said those things , since we could n't think of any . '', 
  those that honor it only really give you less relevant ads , which is n't anything groundbreaking really . 
  you are still being tracked through their other methods, 
  ( 3rd party cookies , facebook/twitter like buttons , scripts in the adverts , widgets/flash objects , etc. ), 
  do not track is n't a real defense mechanism , just an expression that says , `` hey if you can not track me , that 'd be great . '', 
  i am sorry that you were unable to have children , and i know you might have wanted them . 
  i have to ask you , and forgive me for sounding rude , but why did you not adopt ? 
  there were and still are loads of kids that need homes that live in the street or are in those horrible foster systems . 
  also , thank you for donating some of your time to volunteer at your local rescue mission . 
  exactly . 
  i would take cold and rainy , over hot and humid . 
  at least in the cold , you can come home and snuggle under the blanket . 
  you ca n't do much in heat , other than sit in front of the ac . 
  shit mate , sorry about that . 
  well , at least you did everything you could , and it does not seem like you did anything wrong by asking her out . 
  i know you still think about her and still love her , but she said she was not interested in you , and now you can go out and find someone who actually likes you back . 
  find someone better and rub in in her face indirectly , of how happy you are with someone else . 
  ask about their j00ish reptilian discount . 
  and they only say like one or two words in each of the panels . 
  completely fucking pointless if they do n't say the whole thing . 
  well , at least it was n't the ol' `` you 'll change your mind '' argument . 
  but yeah , it was pretty douchy of them to look at you like that . 
  it is due to the sole fact that being childfree is n't a mainstream idea yet . 
  it is still seen as a weird thing , and that you will be the old single lady with the possibility of having too many cats . 
  the fbi tried to do some investigating in iceland without permission and got kicked out . 
  i hope the same will happen with you guys in canada . 
  they really do n't need anymore power , and i am sure the canadian authorities can more than handle themselves . 
   redditor for 7 years . 
  clearly a corporate shill . 
  i question why they chose boston first , and then times square . 
  surely there is always people at times square , unlike the boston marathon , which seems like it was a yearly event . 
  i mean times square seems like a popular terrorist target , [ which was targeted in 2010 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_times_square_car_bombing_attempt ) . 
  i guess they wanted to bomb many places where large groups of people were around , and since the boston marathon is a rare event , they went with it first . 
  it is `` probably '' true , not that it is verified true . 
  also , answering `` were you there '' when saying the world is billions of years old , is retarded . 
  were yecs there 6000 years ago to witness the world form ? 
  thanks for clearing this up . 
  yeah , i guess since they are locals they were familiar with the event , and knew this would be a good first target . 
  the thing that i learned about the bombings is good luck trying to be an anonymous terrorist . 
  there was so much video and pictures of the marathon that is was unbelievable that they would get away with it . 
  have you ever seen this much amount of pictures and video of any terrorist attack ? 
  had they actually been more radical , they would 've suicide bombed the event , like in the mid east , but they instead chose the original terrorist way , by staying alive and trying to bomb multiple targets . 
  dat hint of nipple . 
  this is the best source than i can give you that is n't just hearsay or some crappy blog . 
  it is from the ohio epa site . 
  it is a [ pdf ] ( http://www.epa.state.oh.us/portals/34/document/guidance/gd_623.pdf ) , so be warned . 
  you can ctrl/command + f `` roach repellant '' . 
  it is under the `` alternative to toxic substances '' on the second page on the top left . 
  here is a [ second source ] ( http://www.epa.gov/pesticides/ppdc/2002/regist-biopes.htm ) by the federal epa , as a registered biopesticide . 
  it is under `` miscellaneous biochemicals '' . 
  sorry , but they did not confirm it . 
  it says `` probably true '' but no where in the article do they confirm this is legitimate . 
  op wo n't disclose the school until june . 
  money really . 
  i hate that bastards also try to bundle chrome into their installers . 
  shit is really annoying . 
  i would recommend getting updates from [ filehippo ] ( http://www.filehippo.com ) . 
  they link the one without the ask toolbar . 
  you can also do ninite , but ninite is constantly removing cool apps like flash and ccleaner . 
  or you can just not install java . 
  do you even need java ? 
  i know many people use it for minecraft , but just disable the browser extensions , and do n't worry about java updates , because the attack vector , or achilles heel , of java , is the browser plugins . 
  oh , i ca n't verify those claims , sorry , but i can verify that baking soda is a pretty safe household pesticide !, 
  i think the kid was op 's child . 
  i would be angry though . 
  and they teach them to be flippy because they are n't taught to properly debate or think , but to go the fox news way and be obnoxious , be on the offensive , and to talk over your opponent because that means you win .
