  probably not . 
  people can be white and come from africa . 
  i remember reading a news article of a white african american being denied an african american scholarship because he was white , even though he was born in africa and is literally african american . 
  is white the politically correct term or caucasian , which is another word that i find weird ? 
  caucasian means they are from the caucasus region in and near south west russia , which the two boston bombers were . 
  how many people in the us and canada can say they are descendants of people from the caucasus region ? 
  what else is there to use ? 
  the usa has no unique name . 
  would we call ourselves , united staters ? 
  many countries have `` states '' , like mexico . 
  mexico is literally the united mexican states . 
  i know , but no one else really uses `` american '' when they refer to themselves . 
  people in canada are canadian , people from mexico are mexicans , people from central and south american just go by their country of origin . 
  the us is weird since it is n't an original name . 
  if someone wants to use a person from the us as an adjective , what is there to say ? 
  i mean , just short and sweet . 
  saying you are a resident from the united states of america is too long . 
  people have their feelings hurt because people from the us call themselves americans ? 
  i doubt it . 
  well if they are angry , they should come up with a better name than american to refer to something as belonging to the us . 
  should we call ourselves yanks ? 
  we are yankish ? 
  because it is such a trivial thing to get upset at , as opposed to something like a racial slur . 
  i doubt that it would really matter if someone who is not from the us needs to have it mentioned that they are from the americas , or specifically north , central or south america , when they could just use north , central , or south america , or their country of origin . 
  but when you are talking about something being from the us , what do you call it if you can not use american , as you do not want to offend someone ? 
  i know they are `` americans '' too . 
  but we really have nothing better than american to describe something from the us , while others around us do have something as their own `` identity '' so to say . 
  i guess we could come up with a new name for our region , but that would take a long time to register because we have ridden the american name too far . 
  like my example with mexico . 
  they are the `` united mexican states '' . 
  the mexican name is unique because there are no other countries or regions in the world with the name mexico . 
  the united states of america , has nothing really unique . 
  we are the states that are united in america , but like i said , that could also mean mexico in a way . 
  we could add something like us of north america , but north america includes canada and mexico , which would shorten our argument , but it would n't end it . 
  this is a really pedantic argument , that i 'm not really capable of continuing . 
  i think we should it end it . 
  i mean , nothing is being accomplished from it haha . 
  you should probably just say you are fiscally conservative , or just identity yourself as an independent , so people wo n't get that two party mentality when talking to you . 
  when people hear conservative or republican , they think of the tea party , sarah palin , fundamentalist christianity , because they pretty much hijacked the names of republican and conservative and ran them to the ground like soviet russia and china stole the communism name , even though they were pretty much dictatorships . 
  ha , people think once you are 18 , you are done . 
  nope . 
  18 is minimum . 
  people still live with their children who are in their 30s and 40s . 
  granted , many do n't have to pay for them , since they can get jobs , but what about those man children who are unemployed , lazy , and refuse to do anything productive ? 
  that shit sucks . 
  i think many files are okay to download , as long as they are from a trusted uploader . 
  i saw this issue in the morning when i went to check on the new mad men and got episodes . 
  i figured it must have something to due with them switching domains and there being a piratebay.se and piratebay.is . 
  i got both from a trusted uploader , and they downloaded fine . 
  if you want a second opinion , you could try checking other torrent websites and try to find the same torrent . 
  usually you can see what torrents are being seeded , and get it from there , or you can wait it out until the issue is fixed . 
  well , i was specifically referring to downloading the files regardless of the bug . 
  i meant the torrents themselves are fine to download , and if you know the uploader is trusted , it wo n't be a fake torrent , as there always are fake torrents being uploaded to the pirate bay . 
  of course torrenting comes with risks , but that is another debate . 
  i think it only matters when it comes down to sps ( service packs ) . 
  remember religion is okay to shove to people , as long as it is christianity and not them muslims and jews !, 
  case in point , god is okay to put on money , but not allah !, 
  it is okay to teach the bible in class , but any mention of islam and conservatives throw the biggest hissy fit . 
  people go into life and relationships with assumptions and no planning or communication . 
  the husband made the assumption that he could have control over their decision to have kids , and the wife made the assumption that they would have kids whenever . 
  communication is probably one of the most important things in relationships . 
  there was obviously a lack of communication here . 
  assumptions are the devil in relationships . 
  it 's a normal chrome thing . 
  if you go to the menu button on chrome , and click on view background pages , you will see what each one of those . exes are . 
  each plugin has its own chrome.exe , along with the browser itself , each tab , and window have their own chrome.exe . 
  it is a security feature known as a sandbox , and it also prevents the whole browser from crashing when a plugin or tab crashes . 
  i doubt there was * good * communication . 
  too many people get married and find out their spouses have different views on things . 
  i never understood why . 
  it is because people do n't really sit down and have serious conversations before they get married . 
  there has to be some sort of planning about what they expect out of their marriages . 
  like i said before , i doubt there was good communication on the part about children . 
  i am guessing they had one casual conversation on the subject , and he said he did n't want kids , and she must have figured all guys say that , and in due time he will change his mind later on , or once the * oopsie * child is born , like how a huge chunk of children are born . 
  i doubt he put his foot down , and was serious about his ` no children ' decision . 
  if they did have this conversation , and it was serious , then she is a horrible person for wanting to force a child on him . 
  but then again , what the hell did expect marrying a woman who wants kids !? 
  i see no compromise in someone wanting children of their own , and someone who is adamantly child free . 
  i only see disaster . 
  that blue could also be a yarmulke . 
  so joos !, 
  another case of extremism in america . 
  there are hardly moderate or middle positions . 
  it seems people flock to one thing or the other . 
  it seems moderate christians or the more liberal christians are abandoning their faith , or just not going to church , and the only people that do , tend to be the more religious ones . 
  probably due to the fear mongering as well , like fox , fundies , and conservative idiots spout that christianity is dying out and god is angry about it . 
  as an american it shames me to hear these barriers are there in new zealand as well which make abortions worse . 
  all of these barriers do little to help in the abortion process , and actually makes it more dangerous to have an abortion later on in the pregnancy . 
  first and second term abortions are still very safe . 
  here is an american study on some of the barriers and the consequences when to comes to second term abortions . 
  what a bitch . 
  overly emotional reactions , and no rational ones . 
  you ca n't even offer your opinion , only they can . 
  sorry about the divorce , but hey , you are right , no children , no child support , no child custody disputes , etc. 
  reading some of the comments , i assume you just want to store them in dropbox and not share them . 
  i would recommend encrypting the files individually , or putting them in a truecrypt container . 
  encrypting the files ensures no one but you knows what the files are . 
  it will be removed in newer versions . 
  i am not op , but the spacing was something for tablets , and all of the spacing seems unnecessary for desktops . 
  really ?
