  plus , facebook plays ball and hands data over to the government , so i am sure that the government can look the other way to facebook 's misdeeds . 
  was n't this already enabled before ? 
  i guess not . 
  i do know that firefox had this already where it will give you a list of extensions that you did n't install , it will disable them , and you could manually re-enable them if you so desire . 
  it is good that chrome is doing the same because i can see how this could be a potential security hole . 
  google.ca also has the feature to disable safe search , though i did not know that you get the same results as the us version . 
  the biblical right to self defence is `` turn the other cheek '' . 
  would you agree that / b / is to the front page of reddit , to what other boards on 4chan are to smaller subreddits ? 
  i mean that both / b / and the front page are terrible , and that other smaller boards and subreddits are better because of the lower number of posters , better moderators enforcing the rules , and people are generally less idiotic ? 
  i live in the dallas area and i am using twc and i can access the site regularly . 
  the only time the site is down for me is when they go down for maintenance , or as the result of a dos attack . 
  i think you could delete the older versions because they are no longer needed . 
  you should probably sync your data to the servers , or do a backup of your user data folder in case you accidentally screw something up . 
  you could probably also do a uninstall and reinstall , to get rid of any old versions that are just taking up space like op did . 
  could you please take some screenshots so we could see what you are dealing with ? 
  i do n't think it is a virus . 
  probably some malware , or adware you have installed . 
  you might want to reupload a censored screenshot without any personal info present . 
  but yeah , that looks like some adware . 
  do you have any malicious extensions or plugins installed ? 
  you can see a list of your plugins here chrome : / / plugins / . 
  also , does this affect any other browser like firefox , opera or safari ? 
  if they also get those thumbnails , you might have adware/malware installed on your mac . 
  nice . 
  it is good to see it was just a rogue extension and nothing more serious . 
  you do n't have to delete the thread if you do n't want to , but if you do , under the paragraph of your original post , you see `` x comments share save hide delete nsfw '' you click on delete to delete this whole post . 
  it 's a shitty white house e-petition started by an idiot . 
  i would n't worry too much about this . 
  what we should be worried about are actual politicians debating on shutting down actual abortion clinics , even in places where there is only one abortion clinic in the entire state . 
  throw in plugins , amount of tabs , and the number of extensions and or plugins interacting with those tabs as well . 
  all of those combined or one thing could be causing the memory leaks . 
  this article is absolute garbage . 
  just a load of apologetic bollocks . 
  i always thought this too . 
  why did n't he come back during world war i or at the very least world war ii with the holocaust happening , 20 million deaths in russia alone , the stuff going on in china , and the dropping of the bombs on japan . 
  why not then ? 
  i would say that was a very low moment for humanity . 
  i would also say that the cold war would 've been a perfect time for jesus to come back . 
  i mean shit , humanity was about to be wiped out , or at least a shit ton would 've died . 
  we ( ussr and usa ) had our fingers on the nuke button and billions would 've surely died . 
  should n't jesus have come back then and played switzerland ? 
  it is a `` hoax '' , because the doctor sounds like john goodman ? 
  john fucking goodman , the actor . 
  so because the doctor sounds like an actor , he must be an actor too !!!, 
  there is a joke in here somewhere but i am too stunned from the stupidity of the first link that my mind is blank . 
  this site is terrible . 
  the `` conspiracies '' are n't even numbered , there are 19 pages of this shit , and it seems that many of them repeat !, 
  why have 19 pages of this garbage , when you could just have one page , or at least 13 . 
  damn greedy bastards are milking out the ad revenue . 
  it is a self sustaining war enviornment . 
  you kill people in one area , then more people come to that area and become `` enemies '' and then you drone strike them and more people come and repeat . 
  [ beef did . 
  it was a coupon for the lapis exchange . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/bjt1ef9202o?t=4m31s ), 
  your dns server settings might have been changed . 
  if you have windows 7 you can use this [ link ] ( http://windows.microsoft.com/en-ph/windows7/change-tcp-ip-settings ) to change the settings to something like [ google public dns ] ( https://developers.google.com/speed/public-dns/ ) or opendns which use the following ipv4 servers 208.67.222.222 and 208.67.220.220 . 
  you should probably also install malwarebytes anti-malware and do a scan for any malicious programs that could be causing the settings to change . 
  you could also have a rogue extension or plugin that you do n't remember installing . 
  if you do see one , you can probably disable them . 
  i wish people were as adamant as defending the fourth amendment as they are about defending the second amendment . 
  you realize the video is from around 2007 right ? 
  it does look like a dns change . 
  though it only seems to affect the front page of google.com and not other domains . 
  he/she can change it to something like google public dns or opendns if it is a dns change . 
  could also possibly be a hosts file change . 
  he or she should also do a malwarebytes anti-malware scan just as a precaution . 
  adobe gave up on flash for linux like many other platforms . 
  11.2 is the last version to be supported . 
  11.5 is the recent version for windows and os x. 
  if you want adobe flash , you have to install google chrome and not something like chromium or iron . 
  google chrome has its own flash plugin built in . 
  if you want to go the floss route , you can install something like gnash , or you have to use workarounds for flash based websites . 
  for youtube , you can run videos with third party programs like vlc media player or something like minitube . 
  you could also enable the experimental html5 player for youtube , but it only works for certain videos , like videos without ads and usually it only works on the most recently uploaded videos as opposed to a video that has been uploaded in 2007 . 
  for pandora , you can use pithos . 
  windows 2000/me/xp use a legacy ( old ) bootloader while vista and windows 7 use a more recent bootloader . 
  the only way you could see both installations was if windows xp was installed first and if you were to then install windows 7 , it would overwrite the old bootloader and it would support windows xp so it would show up on the boot screen . 
  the windows xp bootloader does not recognize windows 7 as it is more newer . 
  you can read [ this website ] ( http://www.sevenforums.com/tutorials/8057-dual-boot-installation-windows-7-xp.html ) ( scroll down to `` option two : when windows 7 is installed first '' and read bullet 8 ) and from here you can do a dual boot of windows 7 and windows xp , or you can just fix it for now , and if you just want a pure xp system with no windows 7 , grab everything you need off of the windows 7 installation like backups and stuff . 
  you should then probably format your entire drive and do a fresh install of windows xp . 
  if all else fails , grab something like hiren 's boot cd because hiren 's boot cd has an option of booting into the windows 7 partition , but this is only temporary and you would need to use the cd everytime to boot into windows 7 if you do n't fix your bootloader . 
  last chance you have , is you can boot a mini version of windows xp and mount your windows 7 partition and try to recover what you can . 
  no problem . 
  the exact same thing happened to me when i tried to dual boot windows xp and windows 7 . 
  the thing i did n't realize was that xp 's bootloader was older and did n't support windows 7 and i had to do that fix with easybcd . 
  the registry will become a problem . 
  he definitely needs to backup the settings , preferably by creating a system restore point , then uninstall and reinstall . 
  remo is right , you ca n't just copy files over from c : / program files / because many programs do n't save their settings all in one place , but in different places and even in the registry and they rely on the programs being in the default program folders . 
  yes you can open the bios without any operating systems . 
  and yes , you could install an operating system with a usb . 
  this is commonly done with linux or unix based operating systems . 
  and i do n't know if the license could work for your custom pc . 
  i am not sure how the license for the upgrade works . 
  you want to use the upgrade license that you bought for your moms laptop to be used as a fresh install for your custom pc right ? 
  i am sure it will only work if windows 7 was already installed and running on it , but since the license is supposed to be for your moms laptop , and you need it for your custom pc , it could fail and you could be out of some money . 
  [ reading this ] ( https://www.pcworld.com/article/261170/windows_8_15_upgrade_offer_a_faq_for_recent_pc_buyers.html ) , it seems like what you are trying to do will fail because you need to put in information about your old windows 7 setup so that it will work for the new setup . 
  also the upgrade of $ 15 is only for pcs bought after june 2nd , 2012 . 
  also [ this website ] ( http://www.labnol.org/software/upgrade-to-windows-8/20946/ ) says :, 
   important : what you are buying is the upgrade license that will only work on an existing windows machine . 
  you can not use this windows 8 license on a new machine that you could be building from scratch .
