  who are you to question god 's plan ? 
  that 's organized religion for you . 
  the built in pdf reader was added in 15 beta but it was n't enabled on 15 stable . 
  try to unpin it , then run it from a shortcut on your desktop or start menu and pin it again and see if it shows up again . 
  i prefer to use sumatrapdf . 
  it 's lightweight and open source . 
  [ she said she might do another one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/zwdd8/ask_me_anything_request_overly_attached/c68dp14 ) but on r/adviceanimals because it was requested there as well . 
  it would be super awesome if she did it here though , you know to bring some traffic over here . 
  yeah , try to re-install it . 
  make sure you have your data backed up just in case it gets deleted by uninstalling chrome . 
  i really do n't know why incognito wo n't show up for you . 
  it works for me on the latest chromium dev . 
  build . 
  she went quantam retarded . 
  they have been banned only hours after their shitty threads 404 . 
  they then evade bans by using sockpuppets . 
  all three of those people should be ashamed . 
  they are all ignorant . 
  is it one of those weird laws that are on the books , but never enforced ? 
  well are n't there 4 states that are not ` states ' , but rather commonwealths ? 
  you could even put christianity in there for all those people who claim that they have the one true religion . 
  saying that an atheist is going to hell is like saying santa is going to put coal in your stockings for christmas . 
  sounds a lot like the onion . 
  it 's youtube . 
  this is nothing spectacular . 
  you have morons and you have pretty rational people on there . 
  this was expected . 
  i do n't think he posted it to get people to sign it . 
  he has his facebook account connected to the causes app and it posted on his wall that he signed it ( which to me is a privacy concern . ), 
  though it is dumb . 
  what bad things has pewdiepie done ? 
  not slow your computer , but they can slow the time it takes to connect to the internet . 
  back then i had a huge hosts file . 
  it was almost 300 kilobytes and it would take up to a minute to be able to connect to the internet regardless of physically being connected to the internet through ethernet or wireless . 
  if you plan on using a hosts file to block connections , block only websites you encounter . 
  my hosts file was full of websites i would never encounter , and i removed a ton of urls and now i am able to connect to the internet quickly again . 
  is that really necessary ? 
  i mean tails is just debian with tor on it . 
  it is mostly for people in third world countries where you need to quickly boot up the os and connect to tor . 
  i think it is overkill to use it to browse porn or something similar . 
  tails does n't have flash , so that pretty much ruins it for porn , and tor is usually slow so that is another downside . 
  there are upsides and downsides to this . 
  i like that this will universally block all connections to the sites on different browsers and different programs so you do not need to install stuff like adblock on whatever browsers you have installed just to block certain websites . 
  a downside to this is if you use the hosts to block ads , there will be an empty space in the place where there should 've been an advertisement on websites . 
  adblock and addons/extensions like adblock have a feature that will correct this through css , so webpages flow better . 
  seems like they just wanted to show off free alternates to ms office . 
  they should 've learned that just because something is free , does n't mean it is open source . 
  2009-2010 laptop . 
  was that a bad thing ? 
  the wbbc has been dealt a blow . 
  obama signed a law about a month ago that prevents people from protesting two hours before and two hours after a military funeral . 
  flula is not an actor . 
  you take that back !, 
  does n't google pay moot everytime we solve a captcha or is / g / full of shit ? 
  yeah , it kinda is getting old already . 
  but , i mean it happens often . 
  remember party rock ? 
  i swear that was the most talked about song in months . 
  what about forests ? 
  i know written media says that witchcraft and stuff is done in the middle of forests , but i think you are right that swamps are more eerie . 
  forests in minecraft seem docile . 
  why do christians keep shoving their beliefs down our throats !? 
  no but seriously , there would be a shitstorm if they had put up qur ` an verses on the signs . 
  so why is it acceptable for christians to do it , but not people of other faith ? 
  you have to let everyone put up their religious beliefs on the signs , or no one and be neutral . 
  and besides , this seems like this happened at a public school in which there should be nothing religious anyway . 
  so do you think the sister took a monitor image and sent it to op , or did op do this as one of the worst karma attempts ? 
  more love ? 
  these are two of the dumbest theists ever . 
  try debian . 
  it is what ubuntu is based on but a bit more complicated . 
  38 days is more of a vacation than a punishment , though he is n't getting paid . 
  they probably think their customers think of `` unlimited '' as some sort of trendy word . 
  yes . 
  obviously they get annoying after a while . 
  i think memes should live for the minimum of a week . 
  anything after that is just pushing it . 
  even though you unsubscribe from f7u12 and adviceanimals , that is n't going to stop crappy memes nor just as important , ` meme catchphrases ' . 
  i get tired of hearing the same old `` well , that escalated quickly '' ; `` true story '' ; `` i 've made a huge mistake '' etc. 
  bbuh ( bravery be upon him ), 
   am i doing it right ? 
  if you have to ask and use a clich\u00e9 title , then no . 
  use the search bar and find subreddits tailored to your interests . 
  for example there are subreddits for pretty much anything like r/doctorwho , r/harrypotter , r/battlestations , r/documentaries , r/space , r/emmawatson , r/shittyaskscience , etc. 
  if you get tired of seeing crappy posts from the default subbreddits , you can ` unsubscribe ' from those subreddits , and you will never see another post from that subreddit , unless you browse r/all . 
  come on , apple should just go ahead and declare themselves a religion today . 
  they could save a shit-ton on taxes . 
  devil 's advocate here . 
  billboards that just advertise local atheist websites tend to stay up until their time runs out . 
  many of the billboards that were forced to be taken down due to threats of violence were those that mocked their religious beliefs , or mocked the believer . 
  now , normally i think a good way to show how silly religious beliefs are is through humor , but there is a time and a place for that . 
  i do n't think it should be done through billboards . 
  it 's usually american atheists billboards that cause the controversy . 
  but controversy is good for publicity . 
  true , but if they ever want to keep some funds domestically , that offer is still up for grabs . 
  if god did n't make adam and steve , then why do i have two friends named adam and steve ? 
  checkmate , christians . 
  well , at least we do n't respond with pettiness like vandalism . 
  but it is a damn shame though that some people are so insecure in their faith that mentioning atheism is offensive to them , ai n't it ? 
  i 'm sure they would vandalize any religious billboard that is n't about christianity .
