  i get that they are n't really the same thing , but you are still doing a big favor for them each time they screw up . 
  i get it . 
  higher ups should n't really be telling it how to do their business , but they control the budgets . 
  sometimes it is like giving it muskets and telling them to hold off a horde of soviet tanks . 
  it can get that way in the corporate world . 
  i do n't see how you would be one . 
  they wo n't let you teach people how to use the tech . 
  it is them who should feel bad . 
   ron paul got a consistent 7-9 % of the vote past iowa, 
  and he is n't president right now with those numbers ? 
  damn illuminati and msm for holding back freedoms !, 
   well , i 'm not sure the bible says anything about gluttony . 
  oh boy , are you wrong . 
  the bible is quite clear on the issue , in fact there are over [ a hundred verses on gluttony ] ( http://www.openbible.info/topics/gluttony ) as opposed to just [ 12 on homosexuality ] ( http://www.openbible.info/topics/homosexuality ) . 
  what is he , a character from game of thrones ? 
  it is n't like your husband is the last `` heir '' of the family , so to say . 
  masturbation is genocide . 
  he should hook up an [ lrad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=qsmyy3_dmrm#t=23s ) to the roof and blast them away with it . 
  it is more annoying and painful than a train horn . 
  why bring kids to a wedding ? 
  weddings are boring as shit when you are a kid . 
  who the hell cares that their aunts or uncles are getting married , when they can eat cereal and watch cartoons !, 
  did she forget that weddings are for adults , and kids having short attention spans will get bored , and will probably cause trouble ? 
  - sent from the illuminati phone 5 . 
  i am a dude , and i fucking love that movie . 
  zooey deschanel and jgl both make that movie awesome . 
  her and jane valez are just horrible awful people , but nancy grace is way , way worse . 
  you can just whitelist each video by clicking on the adblock icon and clicking on `` disable on this page only '' if you want it disabled for that particular video . 
  i 'm betting there is fake controversy to boost ratings and the scapegoats are the atheists and liberals , because you know dem libruls always complain about everything that is religious and conservative . 
  i have always thought it was overkill . 
  normally you do n't see this in other parts of the world but the us . 
  you can blame the cold war for this . 
  they really ramped it up during this time because we were in a war with the `` godless '' soviet union , and we had to be better than them . 
  i do n't see the point of reciting the pledge everyday . 
  maybe every now and then , okay , but every single day ? 
  come on . 
  i do n't know how their encryption works , but it seems like apple can decrypt them , so what is the point ? 
  if apple can decrypt them , what is stopping hackers from using their backdoors for malicious purposes ? 
  also , encryption should be open source , so people can audit the code , and make sure , or at least be somewhat certain that it is very difficult to crack the encryption and that there are no backdoors because it defeats the purpose . 
  plus firefox has the customizeablility which chrome ( ium ) lacks . 
  chrome ( ium ) is locked down aesthetically , while you can customize firefox to look however you want . 
  that might change with the upcoming australis theme though , which kinda sucks . 
  well koth plays on a lot of texan stereotypes and i am guessing this is a play on some of the schools being religious . 
  did he get sent to the reform school for the video , or for other things ? 
   look for yourself on / r/conspiratard, 
  why would you comment that ? 
  also , stay away from facebook if you have the himym page liked , they just spoiled it there . 
  how do you know that you can download with their network ? 
  i would imagine they have firewalls and place to discourage p2p activity . 
  i see . 
  well , maybe they saw the traffic , and have now blocked it , or something else . 
  have you tried using a different bittorrent client to see if you do n't have a problem with utorrent or bittorrent ? 
  [ transmission ] ( http://www.transmissionbt.com/ ) is pretty good . 
  lightweight , and fast . 
  if you have windows , go to the top and hit `` addons '' and the windows version is the first link . 
  if you want something that looks like utorrent , [ qbittorrent ] ( http://www.qbittorrent.org/ ) is great . 
  both are free and open source . 
   parents want to be their kids bff, 
  what the fuck ? 
  is it a bad thing for their parents to be `` friends '' with their kids ? 
  are they supposed to rule over them or something ? 
  they should rename that sub to / r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuundies, 
  the external drive is probably formatted to something that windows ca n't read , which is why it probably does n't show up . 
  open up disk management under administrative tools in the control panel . 
  you should see that your hard drive is there , but it is unreadable or something to this extent . 
  from there you could reformat it again , and you should probably choose something like fat 32 which can be read on windows , mac and linux . 
  who does n't close their browser , or at least use private window mode ? 
  also , i would log the hell off before handing someone my laptop . 
  i do n't want anyone to see my history , nor any of my files on my computer . 
  try disabling hardware acceleration . 
  i get some graphical glitches when i have it enabled on windows 7 . 
  it might help you in this case . 
  is it really a religious thing ? 
  many cultures had marriage before christianity existed . 
  also atheists , jews , muslims , pastafarians can legally get married , and have it be recognized by the state , but it seems that christians want to have a monopoly on it and tell only the lgbt community that they can not get married . 
  surely atheists should be as discriminated against if marriage is a religious thing . 
  do you think lebanon is a more moderate country overall compared to some of the other more predominately muslim countries like ksa , kuwait , iraq , afghanistan , turkey , etc , or do you think that is a facade ? 
  i know religion is still huge there , but do you think people are more progressive , like wearing jeans , drinking , not caring about the lgbt community in the sense that they are hated , wearing makeup , etc ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that sideways fannypack is a sin as well . 
  take a screenshot ? 
  it could be malware . 
  if you go here , https://www.mozilla.org/en-us/plugincheck/ , and see that it is up to date , there should n't be a reason for it to come up . 
  something might be wrong and you should probably reinstall it . 
  come up north , to places like dallas . 
  we are n't as religious . 
  no , but i hear great things about it . 
  probably one of the most progressive cities in the us . 
  large gay community there . 
  it is a shame that it is the home of perry . 
  i thought he would have blamed the gays and liberals for causing men to cheat . 
  still , he 's an idiot disconnected from reality . 
  okay , i 'll admit , we have some huge megachurches , probably some of the biggest and richest in the country but overall , not many people are religious crazy , where they bash your non-religious beliefs . 
  a lot of my college aged friends do n't really care all that much about religion , and participate in normal teenaged shenanigans without saying `` god forbids it '' . 
  i live in irving , and it is pretty relaxed . 
  some of my homosexual friends were accepted , and not bashed for being gay . 
  same for many of my openly atheist friends . 
  or what do you mean , by i am `` smoking crack '' ? 
  are we little saudi arabia , or something ? 
  quotas man . 
  nypd has a quota system where they have to get a certain number of arrests within a time period , and i bet they look for any excuse to nab somebody , or to write tickets , which is probably why the guy on the bike was id ` ed in the first place .
