  are you getting it because you do n't want children , or you already have children , and do not want anymore ? 
  i applaud you man . 
  no ( more ? ), 
  surprise babies for you !, 
  that 's great . 
  women are at a high risk of having unplanned pregnancies , and you should n't have to deal with that now that you guys are in your 40s . 
  vasectomies are pretty safe , and i do n't think it has the side effects that female birth control has . 
  so it is great that you are dealing with the issue for both of you . 
  you would think people would think it is a no-brainer , but man , people are horny idiots . 
  hell yeah man , vasectomies can cost up to $ 1000 by some estimates , but it beats the $ 250k + it costs to just raise one child . 
  they are on their own release schedule , which is usually sporadic . 
  last time i used it , it was on version 15.3 . x , while firefox was already at version 18 . 
  yeah , click to play extends to all plugins , not just flash , which flashblock is restricted to . 
  one addon that was killing my browser was adblock lite , which is a fork of adblock plus . 
  abl caused crashes , and browser lockups on many occasions . 
  that addon made me switch to chromium for a short while , until i figured out that abl is a horrible addon . 
  21 just came out this week , so i assume you mean 20 ? 
  they have played catch up since version 15 . 
  they have been fairly up to date in the last few weeks . 
  also , is there any reason you use pm ? 
  is it for the x64 support ? 
  same . 
  i thought some guy who worked for fox news stole some guys camera , and probably would have used the footage for themselves , just by skimming through the title . 
  i am guessing it is a play on words . 
  saying `` i got into harvard '' sounds like you applied to harvard and actually got accepted to study there . 
  it is one of the most famous universities of the us , so it is an honor to go there . 
  but adding `` the doors were unlocked '' means he literally got into ( went inside ) harvard ( the campus ; the building ) . 
  it is sorta like a joke . 
  even american ex-pats have to file us income tax returns every year , even though they no longer reside in the us . 
  so , yep , they still tax you if you try to run from taxes . 
  if op still has the installer , he could also upload the exe to one of those virus scanner websites that scans files using some of the most common virus scanner databases , which i am guessing some of them already have an entry for the spyware . 
  was it an anti-abortion post ? 
  i have seen this a few times . 
  i am not sure if this addon will help , but it blocks a ton of popups from any site , including js popups . 
  it might break some sites from working , and from there you need to whitelist the site . 
  i think pandora is one of them . 
  he has been a `` weather truther '' for a long time , not just recently . 
  [ skream-smiley face ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4yk90sryry ), 
  full legal episode on cbs.com, 
  sounds great !, 
  you can find some uu churches , if you want a less christian dogma oriented church , and a more liberal agnostic/atheist accepting church . 
  that is great news , that you got married , and i do n't want to sound daft , but would n't it have been easier to get married outside of iran ? 
  iran does n't seem to have that many regards towards people of non-faiths and apostates . 
  why ? 
  you ca n't rationalize with someone who put themselves into a position they did n't rationalize themselves into . 
  that is some passive aggressive bullshit right there . 
  in no way was that rational , or understanding of your situation . 
  not everyone on reddit likes ron paul you know . 
  well , at least it seems like he wo n't be doing anything that would change her non pregnancy having status ( poking holes in condoms , switch bc for placebos , etc ) . 
  i wonder though , how the talks go . 
  do they do serious sit down discussions on having kids , and what they want out of their marriage or do they sorta just talk lightly around the issue ? 
  i completely agree , you have to make it known . 
  remember , many people say `` they do n't want kids '' and many make the assumption of the other person , that they do n't want kids right now , but later they will , or they will be forced to have kids when an accident child comes , so you have to put your foot down and be clear that there will never be a later , or close to never . 
  it works for me on the latest chromium 29.0.1518.0 on windows 7 . 
  i think it might be a linux mint thing for you . 
  you can try a browser addon/ext . 
  like [ mediahint ] ( https://mediahint.com/ ) for chrome/firefox to watch some videos as if you are an american . 
  also works for other popular sites like hulu , netflix , etc. 
  if you need to use accounts anywhere , do n't use the same account names twice . 
  always make new ones , and also , you could try using a fake name on your accounts so nothing can be traced to each other . 
  you could probably also use different emails for different services . 
  this is the original . 
  youtube is screwed up on firefox at the moment . 
  you have to use chrome or another browser . 
  i hate to say it , but make them believe it was just a phase . 
  say yes , you have seen the light . 
  let them off your back for a while , and what you do next is get a job , try to find some homes , or a small apartment , and move out . 
  as long as you are under their roof , and they pay for your meals and other things , you kinda have to live by their rules . 
  it is unfair , but the way it seems , they do not want you to be an atheist . 
  they hate the thought of it , and they wo n't take you seriously if you keep being one . 
  that sucks man . 
  i ca n't imagine what you are going through . 
  my mom is from mexico ( we live in texas ) and my dad is a third generation mexican american . 
  we went to church until i was about 8 and then it was pretty secular from then on . 
  even when we went to church , we were secular , there was n't much religion at home . 
  i told my mom i was atheist last year , and she did n't really care . 
  she herself is religious , but she never forced me to go to church , or preached to me . 
  you would figure mexican families are super religious , but not mine . 
  i guess i got lucky . 
  again , i am sorry for what you and many others go through each day . 
  another irvingite ? 
  checking in . 
  i guess you are right , i have n't seen many other cfers . 
  a lot of childless people though . 
  nice !, 
  you would figure it would be hard to get something like that in texas . 
  i wonder if i can find the same courtesy for a vasectomy at 19-20 years old . 
  might be time to look for a new job if it is that bad . 
  nothing is wrong with you . 
  people deal with death differently , and you have your view on it . 
  remember , banning kids from apartments , or living in a child free area , will never happen because it is illegal . 
  we will have to deal with this everywhere we go , unless we live far from our neighbors or have some distance from them . 
  they are trying it in australia , but it will probably be declared illegal , if not already . 
  most of the main subs are awful . 
  the smaller , similar topic ones are ( mainly ) better . 
  well it is gingerpuss/puddems if you want to see her face . 
  cooper still does n't have any . 
  none . 
  looks like the video is html5 , so you do n't need flash . 
  as long as you have an up to date browser , you should be good .
