  the only things that will be funded , in the large scales , are defense and military projects . 
  yeah , this picture is pretty old too , i saw it on 4chan at least a year or two ago . 
  also , there are sentences or a paragraph in each of the images , but they only say a small part of the sentence/paragraph , like two or three words . 
  why is this even popular on tumblr ? 
  then do n't follow this cycle . 
  live life how you want to . 
  no one says you need to get married or have children to be happy . 
  school and work are harder to get around though , because usually you need an education to get a good job , to pay off school debts . 
  getting old is inevitable , so you must make your living time worth it . 
  is using imgur a necessity ? 
  i know reddit uses imgur as the default image host , but minus.com can go up to 25 mbs if i remember correctly . 
  he or she might also want to check any proxy server settings and dns server settings . 
  they are literally getting rid of the customization ability that separates chrome from firefox . 
  why !? 
  you ca n't do shit on chrome but suck it up , but you can do wonders with current firefox customization abilities . 
  simple `` skins '' suck , i want to rearrange things the way i want , and even if i do n't , i want the freedom to know that i can . 
  are your lists up to date , and did you disable `` allow non-intrusive ads '' ? 
  who here is calling for the bombings of chechnya ? 
  that is not the hivemind , just a minority of idiots . 
  it is pretty much the same minority of idiots who call for bombings after any islamic terrorist attack anywhere in the world . 
  put up an atheist billboard and you will start a shitstorm . 
  they will call it intolerance that is part of the leftist , librul , gay agenda . 
  put up a religious billboard , first amendment . 
  he does the same shit they criticize him for . 
  [ criticizing us nuns for refusing to be like the old church . 
  ] ( http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/04/15/17762930-pope-francis-reiterates-radical-feminist-criticism-of-us-nuns-group?fb_action_ids=10200978244478826 ) he calls them radical feminists . 
  really feminism in the church ? 
  what an oxymoron . 
  all because they are `` soft '' and liberal on issues like homosexuality and birth control . 
  i would n't say atheism attacks religion , it is neutral . 
  i would say anti-theism is the offensive one . 
  i do get it , it is hard for people to wrap their heads around someone holding opposing views . 
  i feel the same way many times , but i do n't feel the need to go on a crusade against opposing views , unless they are dangerous or harmful . 
  this is kinda the reason why personal information posting and witch hunts are discouraged by reddit admins and moderators . 
  the information available was muddy at the time , and we should have waited until it was confirmed by top law enforcement officials of who the real suspects were . 
  nah , i would say they are slightly different . 
  the prefix anti- means opposed to , against . 
  the prefix a - just means without , absent . 
  there are a lot of buddist atheists , and they are n't really against religion . 
  i guess any atheist who is not for or against religion is an apatheist . 
  anti-theists are vocal about their opposition to religion , and not all atheists are vocal like that . 
  well , i would say theists would be against either , because both are n't really on par with their religion . 
  they do seem less threatened by people who consider themselves agnostic though . 
  as an atheist , you just do n't believe in a deity , and antitheism you do not believe in a deity as well , but antitheism goes further and also opposes religion , and sees religion as a bad thing . 
  not all atheists are vocal against religion , mainly antitheists are . 
  did anything ever happen with abortion laws after her death in ireland ? 
  i did remember her case and how she died . 
  i do know that a huge chunk of women from ireland fly to england to get abortions due to laxer abortion laws . 
  it was a shame that she died , due to stupid laws put in place by people who did n't understand the consequences of banning abortion . 
  here in the states , we are more open about abortion , but there is still a lot of opposition to it . 
  it 's usually by the religious right , who refuse to do anything about unwanted pregnancies and unwanted children other than banning abortion , and teaching lousy sex ed . 
  that has been shown to be disastrous in the states with strong anti-abortion , anti-contraception , anti-sex ed views . 
  you ca n't attack the debate , so you attack the debater . 
  i mean the header of / b / states the following :, 
   the stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood . 
   only a fool would take anything posted here as fact . 
  what more is needed to be said ? 
  that is what stopped me from being a conspiratard . 
  every little fucking thing has to have some government behind it . 
  it is literally impossible for a civilian to pick up a gun and shoot at people . 
  it is literally impossible to look up instructions on how to build a bomb online and then to leave the bomb at a crowded place . 
  it is literally impossible for citizens of the world to do crimes . 
  only people brainwashed in an mkultra program or government/military officials do large scale crimes . 
  nope . 
  mkultra will be thrown around . 
  one of the two believed 911 was an inside job , and both parents are saying they were set up . 
  obviously that means they did n't do it , because they spoke out against the goverment . 
  the gubmint got to them !, 
  i think a lot of people here were former conspiratards , myself included . 
  i became one due to loneliness , boredom , and i had just gotten out of high school . 
  usually a lot of high school/college aged kids get into activism , and my activism was pushing conspiracy theories . 
  i got out of it because i started to resent the conspiratards i hanged out with . 
  i also did n't want to be the guy who saw a conspiracy on every corner , and i did hate how everything large scale crime related , was immediately labeled a government plot designed to install something or take something away , like guns . 
  they always turn out to be bullshit . 
  i started being more skeptical , and realized the sources and citations that conspiratards claimed would back their sources , came from the same sources they would attack for being run by paid shills like the mainstream media . 
  it was just a bunch of cherry picking hypocritical bullshit . 
  so good on you for asking questions , and breaking free from those idiots . 
  i did at one point become embarrassed by it , but not so much anymore . 
  i am still politically active , now i just know how to separate legit criticisms from bullcrap . 
  the funny thing to come out of this , is i would always post this crap on facebook and it would be ignored . 
  i wanted them to be `` truthers '' like me and question official stories , but it never happened . 
  now that i am no longer a conspiratard , i see people i know on facebook share conspiratard related things . 
   do conspiracy theorists really believe what they 're saying deep down ? 
  i do n't know if they do 100 % of the time , it seems large figures like alex jones do n't , he just wants the money . 
  maybe he does believe it deep down . 
  i did learn one important thing from a conspiratard friend . 
  if you were all about the truth , why would you charge people for it ? 
  you would want it to be known by everyone as quickly as possible , and charging will slow that down . 
  i personally did not believe everything i was saying and hearing from conpiratard friends . 
  i was torn on a lot of things . 
  the main thing that brought unity to the ideas was that the governments do bad shit , and it does n't matter if it is right or not , because the government is bad and other stories will be bound to be right , because the government always screws up . 
   did you ever notice that people tend to grow out of it around a certain age or at certain life circumstances , like when they get married or have kids or whatever ? 
  i think that a lot of people get out of activism and certain conspiracy theories , when they settle down , because your priorities are no longer saving the world , but raising your children , and working on your marriage . 
  i think if you are more hardcore , it will take a lot to change your mindset because you are ingrained into it like a religion . 
  anjelica and eufrat, 
  shit , many americans confused chechnya with the czech republic . 
  this is another awesome article by the onion . 
  i really dislike the usa chants . 
  where does nationalism/patriotism come into play here ? 
  i think it reinforces the us ( us/mainly christian/white ) vs them ( chechens/muslims/foreigners ) mentality .
