  i would recommend click to play for the browsers , and disabling the java plugin . 
  everytime there is a new patch for java a new vulnerability is found in a couple of days , so it is not worth having , unless you really need to . 
  i would also recommend adblock plus , with a malware domain filter list , to block many websites that are meant to infect your computer . 
  something people have neglected to mention , is get a firewall program like [ comodo firewall ] ( http://personalfirewall.comodo.com/ ) , if you want more security . 
  windows firewall is crap , and with comodo you have more options to block unwanted programs from connecting to the internet . 
  it also comes with a sandbox to run suspicious file safely and it also comes with a defense option that will give you the options to confirm suspicious actions like registry changes , or one program trying to access another program . 
  make sure it wo n't interfere with other firewall programs , or anti-viruses that come with their own firewall like avira . 
  it will not work with avira . 
  we should also thank those internet petitions like the ones on change.org and the ones on the white house page . 
  they were very effective . 
  it 's been shit for a long time man . 
  people have said ninite for seamless installs , but i would also recommend filehippo to download installers without toolbars or crappy download managers . 
  joking around or making fun of . 
  look , i am pretty much pro-choice as they come . 
  i see that pro-life think about a potential human life , but they focus on late term abortions a lot and fucked up back alley abortionists like gosnell . 
  that is their arguments . 
  abortion is not safe , and all abortionists are murderers of innocent children . 
  they somehow think that banning abortion will make it go away , which it wo n't . 
  [ places with illegal abortions have higher abortion rates ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/01/18/abortion-rates-higher-countries-illegal-study_n_1215045.html ) , than in places where it is legal , and regulated . 
  it is like drugs , banning them wo n't get rid of them . 
  i think that politicians only care about the issues that will keep their seats . 
  you ca n't be either party and vote in favor of gun control . 
  it is political suicide . 
  like what was said by an american politician , you are only successful if you get re-elected compared to what an australian politician said which is keeping the country safe is what makes you successful . 
  this was on a [ three part gun control special ] ( http://www.uproxx.com/tv/2013/04/the-daily-shows-series-on-gun-control-in-australia-was-outstanding/ ) on the daily show with jon stewart . 
  guns are a big issue in america , and regulating them is a huge no no to americans . 
  i agree completely . 
  it is the same shit with windows vs mac . 
  a lot of the people are arguing over the stupid shit , which they can do on both oses . 
  i argue about the philosophy of open source vs proprietary locked-downness . 
  that said , i am not a fan of smart phones of both android and iphones . 
  i just want a piece of crap , that can make calls and receive and send texts . 
  if i need to play games or do anything else , i would just hop on my laptop . 
  phones are increasingly being used to spy on you by law enforcement and government officials . 
  they do as they are told and get paid to do , and yeah , that includes the easiest thing , many times . 
  i do n't know about drugs and shootings , but yeah , i am in favor of sensible gun regulations , and not retarded bullshit like banning large magazines , banning certain `` assualt '' rifles , even though they never get used in crimes , it is mostly pistols and handguns used in crime . 
  i also hate banning cosmetics on guns , because they do nothing but change the appearance of the gun . 
  it is like banning spoilers on cars , because politicians think it makes your car , the same speed as formula 1 cars . 
  damn it , i just spent the last minute or two trying to figure out why this gif was n't loading . 
  it is a jpeg with a . gif extension . 
  i do n't want to ban any guns . 
  banning guns does n't really do much when the streets are already filled with many illegal firearms . 
  what can be done is make it harder for fucked up people to get one . 
  also you can kill people with a 5 round magazine , or a 30 round magazine . 
  there is no real difference . 
  that does not stop an experienced shooter from killing . 
  and i do n't know of many cosmetics that enhance the performance of a gun . 
  the joint thing has been going on since the 20th century . 
  you can blame fear mongering for it being illegal . 
  aka no critical thinking , or legit skepticism , only reinforcing circle jerks . 
  no way , rt is just as shit as fox news and cnn . 
  they do a lot of lousy reporting and they do pander to the conspiratards like press tv does . 
  npr , pbs , and al jazeera english produce better journalism than the former . 
  there are private subs out there like / r/noshill . 
  that is where they have their mutual mental conspiratard masturbation without obama and his cronies ruining all the fun . 
  then you need to have a serious talk with her . 
  you said the relationship started out as nothing major . 
  since you are falling for her , you need to tell her if she wants another major relationship , because it seems like she assumes you guys are friends with benefits . 
  ask her if she feels the same way , and if you guys do n't agree on what the relationship is , it might be time to end it . 
  while i have n't been to church in a long time , and i am not religious anymore , i do however see that people have kids for god . 
  the church may be against pre-marital sex , they are certainly not against the opposite . 
  the church does n't really advocate for family planning , just do it and reproduce as soon as you can . 
  i do n't see the point in this . 
  they do n't consider repercussions of it , because like you said , some people just ca n't afford to have kids at the moment . 
  even orthodox jews do this . 
  i know some far right people in israel have kids `` for the homeland '' . 
  hbo should create an international version , or at least and australian version of [ hbo nordic ] ( http://hbonordic.com/geo/ ) , which is hbo online on demand . 
  what the hell are schools doing with sexual assault cases in the first place ? 
  [ nod32 ] ( http://www.eset.com/us/home/products/antivirus/ ) is probably one of the best paid avs out there . 
  well if you want more privacy and cutting edge features like blink , go for chromium . 
  you should know that you have to manually update chromium , which has no internal updater so you have to manually update it everyday . 
  chromium is nightly , so there are n't any `` stable '' releases at least for windows . 
  also i do n't think chromium is maintained on the ubuntu default repository . 
  you might need to build it from scratch or find a ppa . 
  i think most people should stick with chrome imo . 
  i mean , casual users do n't gain much from using chromium . 
  i get and understand his rant . 
  he makes a lot of good points . 
  i have my counterpoints . 
  many advertisers are bastards , sorry but that is the way it is . 
  many of them run malicious code through their ads that infect your computer , or are really shady when it comes to their ads . 
  i hate seeing fake download buttons on websites where i go to get my downloads . 
  i hate annoying ads that are in your face and obstruct the functionality of websites . 
  i hate hidden sound advertisements . 
  they are the reason people use adblock . 
  also , advertisers continue to make money regardless of adblock . 
  they do n't just make money through video advertisements . 
  they also make money through tracking you through cookies , twitter and facebook like buttons , and widgets . 
  it sucks that content creators on youtube miss making some money because a lot of people use adblock and do n't whitelist youtube . 
  they are also underpaid compared to what advertisers make tracking people . 
  i wish youtube could have a system where you could pay to be ad free . 
  vimeo does it , so why should n't youtube ? 
  i know , you just type in sudo apt-get chromium-browser or something like that to get it . 
  i said it was out of date the last time i used ubuntu , because it was n't being maintained . 
  i do n't know if it is up to date now . 
  there is a bible quote about women covering their heads , and if they do n't they should shave it off , but it is sinful to have a shaved head , so they should cover up . 
  circular as fuck . 
  i have wondered this myself . 
  why do we call a lot of black people in the us , african americans ? 
  do they do this in canada by calling them african canadians ?
