  did n't really believe the supernatural things jesus did and i did n't believe many stories like the world flooded . 
  you really should disable some of that stuff . 
  i have extensions myself , but i try to limit them to stuff i really need and get rid of the stuff i can live without . 
  look for ones you do n't use often and get rid of them . 
  if you really need some of them but do n't use them that often , try getting a portable version of chrome and installing the extensions there . 
  that way the extensions are separate from the one installed on you machine . 
  source code was n't released . 
  the sdk was . 
  you could also download it to your hard drive and drag it to the extensions page . 
  no preference . 
  she looks good with short , medium and long hair . 
  i think i saw another post where this video was debunked as not being made by north korea . 
  it seems to well made to be made by them . 
  it does seem like either americans , or some western country that is heavily influenced by american culture made this video . 
  where was the wingman that would take one for the team ? 
  where was the guy who would talk to the fat chick and engage her in conversation ? 
  are n't you a little late for the facebook cover karma train ? 
  facebook intensifies the negative things about people you know . 
  you should go on it less or just get rid of it altogether . 
  well , that is enough internet for this year . 
  see you in 2013 . 
  crunchbang runs well on old hardware . 
  it is debian , which is what ubuntu is built with , with openbox ( a lightweight window manager ) . 
  you do n't need your old windows drivers cd since linux uses its own drivers . 
  other light weight distros include , lubuntu , xubuntu , puppy linux , and peppermint os . 
  i hate the fact that her mother exploits her on facebook . 
  if you read the description it says `` she likes to party '' . 
  i mean what the fuck is that shit ? 
  [ ubuntu portal ] ( http://ubuntuportal.com/ ) is pretty good for ubuntu related news . 
  this post gave me cancer . 
  yeah , no country can speak about american affairs , only we can speak about other countries affairs !, 
  what caused you to leave the religion ? 
  is n't internet explorer integrated with windows ? 
  that 's what happens when you open the polls to suggestions . 
  also , if you notice , some things appear on there appear twice like xubuntu . 
  thank you , and sorry for your experiences . 
  what about the thousands , if not hundreds of thousands of people that get caught with crime because of something having to do with their facebook , like the upload of pictures and videos capturing their crimes ? 
  how are they not suspicious ? 
  i do n't ever mind reposts of emma watson , because emma watson . 
  america just gets more free and democratic everyday does n't it ? 
  a goodie from hanging around `` truthers '' was that brad pitt and other famous celebrities were/are cia/nsa agents . 
  you remember that time his film set got [ raided for smuggling arms into hungary ] ( http://www.tmz.com/2011/10/10/brad-pitt-world-war-z-gun-raid-hungary-police-ak-47-sniper-rifle/ ) ? 
  apparently , that was the smoking gun that that film was a front for a us government smuggling ring , and that [ brad pitt was ousted as a cia agent . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/8uo8mcoe6pe ) even george clooney is james bond , according to that video . 
  better popup blocker . 
  blocks all popups for me . 
  is there a chance that they could add mate or cinnamon to the repository sometime after wheezy is released ? 
  probably not soon since they are n't super stable at the moment and debian is known for stability . 
  this means that hackers can run programs on your computer without your authorization . 
  this is about the fifth time i have heard about hover zoom in the past few days . 
  i 'm going to install it today !, 
  i used to be a conspiracy theorist myself and i would tell people that we go to war because of oil or resources and that is wrong . 
  most of our oil comes from canada and mexico , and very little comes from iraq or afghanistan . 
  this is a more plausible theory because those companies are getting very rich from war . 
  with bush declaring a global war on terror ( which we all know will never end , like a war on drugs ) , and smaller conflicts in which the us participates in , those guys will be in business for a long time . 
  you know , i did read conspiracy theories that he went along with it because he made millions selling global warming and that he was credited with creating the internet . 
  i think this is from the blooper reel . 
  some people do die from drinking too much water . 
  people at raves who do mdma ( ecstasy ) experience lots of thirst , and they keep drinking water over and over and they never fill up , so they just keep drinking until they get sick and possibly die . 
  other than that , it really is unlikely to die to die from drinking a lot of water . 
  this happens to anyone famous who references a song . 
  seriously , whenever someone with a lot of subs on youtube mentions a song it is always the annoying people who say `` x sent me !!!! one !!!! 1 ! '', 
  followed by the usual people who thumbs up this crap . 
  some netbooks are stuck with the ram that comes with it when you buy it and you ca n't really upgrade it . 
  i do agree with an ssd though . 
  was it one of those camps where you are kidnapped and forced to go to or did you go willingly ? 
  and what would you say was the best experience out of it ? 
  there are lots of alternatives out there . 
  open source too . 
  they include transmission-qt , deluge , qbittorrent , and rtorrent . 
  does n't it include non free parts though ? 
  he is trying to show that you can use the url bar and search a website by assigning it a letter and then you put the letter followed by the search term . 
  for example he assigned a g to google , and so if you want to search google without having to first go to the homepage , you just type g and then the search term into the address bar and it will immediately go to the search page . 
  it makes searching easier because you do n't have to go to that site to use the search bar on the front page . 
  you can search any website from anywhere by just assigning it a letter and adding it to your search engines in firefox . 
  ahh i see , thank you . 
  see , i remember browsing / g / and someone saying a huge part was open source but that it included a non free part to it . 
  it is n't a ground breaking feature , just a time saving one . 
  you can set it to youtube and other websites like reddit . 
  you can set youtube to have the `` y '' variable , and reddit the `` r '' variable . 
  you do n't have to manually type out youtube.com and then go to the search bar there just to search for a video . 
  all you have to do now is just type `` y video name '' into your address bar in firefox and it will search youtube videos . 
  same goes for reddit . 
  just type `` r whatever '' and it will search reddit without you having to manually type out reddit.com and then having to search it there . 
  you could basically do all of this with the search bar to the right of the address bar , but having to switch between search engines seems a bit tedious . 
  we need to stop with these bullshit `` x got it right '' titles . 
  but it also takes a vote away from romney . 
  it would be like you never even voted . 
  because this is n't new and is an old repost . 
  how is it breaking the law to use a vpn to watch hulu ? 
  get free vpn software like hotspot shield , proxpn , etc , or you can buy a [ vpn service ] ( http://torrentfreak.com/which-vpn-providers-really-take-anonymity-seriously-111007/ ) that is better than the former two . 
  congratulations , your computer is now `` in the us '' ( or a country of your choosing ) and you can watch or use region specific services . 
  at least you are n't breaking the law by torrenting copyrighted stuff . 
  although , some vpn providers are just for torrenting , or look the other way when it comes to torrenting . 
  utorrent is n't foss is it ? 
  i know bittorrent 5 . x and before was . 
  no , just no . 
  i used a limewire fork weeks ago and there is nothing but scam files all over the place . 
  gnutella went to shit after limewire was shut down . 
  stopped using utorrent when it stopped being `` micro '' ( and also the fact that they pretty much signed a deal with the devil [ mpaa/riaa ] ) now all i use are open source alts like qbittorrent , transmission , deluge , rtorrent , ktorrent , halite , etc.
