  he seems like a huge douchebag . 
  you deserve better . 
  what kind of person tells their so or someone they love to just over something they are so passionate about ? 
  especially if society is n't at all tolerant about their minority status ? 
  it seems like a mini game based off of the far cry 3 engine . 
  i wish they made more missions to the original game , but it is nice to see something unorthodox . 
  hopefully , this will pan out well for us far cry 3 fans . 
   even if evolution is disproven there could still be another answer to how life began other than creation . 
  evolution does n't even claim to know how life began , it just says that species change over time . 
  abiogenesis deals with how life began . 
  op got these two mixed up . 
  evolution \u2260 abiogenesis, 
  no , i just wanted to add this crucial part to your comment , because you basically say everything that is need to be said . 
  the only thing i have to add was that part . 
  it 's no problem . 
  i just wanted that part to be cleared up as well . 
  evolution does not really compete with creationism , because evolution does not answer how life began . 
  hell , even the catholic church says evolution is compatible with their faith . 
  he probably equates it to hate speech against children . 
  i think many people do . 
  people do n't really understand that parenting is a big freaking deal , and is n't something that `` just happens . '', 
  he should see that having children is n't the same thing , or on the same level as buying a new t-shirt . 
  it is n't something that is thoughtless . 
  there are massive consequences to it , but also rewards , and he is probably one of the ones who just looks at the rewards . 
  he and others need to see that parenting is n't for everybody , and it is n't necessary for everyone to be a parent . 
  also screw him for shrugging off british tv game shows . 
  they sure as hell are funnier than the game shows we have here . 
  i think evolution is talked about more in the science field , as opposed to abiogenesis and creationists probably just scapegoat it and attack it , and label it as a competitor to creationism . 
  i know the catholic church sees it is a guided process , but it is better than the creationist crap . 
  i do hate the adam and eve thing though , but i do n't know if the catholics see it is truth . 
  i thought it was other branches that see it as literal . 
  but i do get what you are saying , it is n't compatible with evolution because humans have n't always been this way . 
  we evolved from apes . 
  i love that show . 
  i do n't see too much of it or keep up with it since it is hard to watch them in the us ( through official channels ) . 
  i mostly watch random episodes on youtube , which is where i watch the majority of british panel shows like 8 out of 10 cats , never mind the buzzcocks , qi , have i got news for you , etc. 
  and rob brydon is one of my favorite british/welsh comedian . 
  well to put them short, 
  8 out of 10 cats is a play on polls/surveys and usually what the british/international media is talking about that week . 
  qi is a quiz show . 
  you learn weird things and random facts . 
  it is / r/todayilearned in panel show form . 
  the host , stephen fry , is all sorts of cool . 
  never mind the buzzcocks usually deals with music , in quiz form and other things . 
  have i got news for you deals with stuff with the media . 
  they are all hilarious , and you see a lot of familiar faces on the shows , even celebrities show up on these shows . 
  i think america needs these type of shows , instead of creating more crappy generic reality tv , they should instead make an original game show , and get some american comedians and tv/movie actors on there . 
  which is why there are blockers out there , like [ ghostery ] ( https://www.ghostery.com/ ) , [ donottrackme ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/donottrackplus/ ) , or something like [ fanboy 's social blocking list ] ( https://adblockplus.org/en/subscriptions ) for adblock . 
  i am really scared of clicking `` like '' on a webpage that would be embarrassing if it is linked to my facebook , so these things will save you . 
  i would also just log out if i go to one of those sites , or use a different browser for facebook . 
  do n't worry , he is behind [ 7 proxies ] ( https://encyclopediadramatica.se/7_proxies ) . 
  i hope so too . 
  or hell , they could just show those shows here . 
  i mean , whenever the us remakes a british show , they will most likely suck . 
  it has already happened , like mtv remaking the inbetweeners . 
  the question is who will try them , the civilian courts , or a special military court ? 
  also , would that be a good idea for the us ? 
  i mean they could get their cases thrown out , because some people there are in there for simply [ getting caught with a watch . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_guantanamo_bay_detainees_accused_of_possessing_casio_watches ), 
  it is the daily mail , and their target audience are n't exactly the brightest out there . 
  they have nothing better going on , so they share `` highlights '' of parenting . 
  you said you did n't leave because of money issues . 
  looking back now , would you still stay , or would you rather be homeless and broke , and not have to suffer what she put you through ? 
  look up mediahint . 
  it is an extension/addon for chrome and firefox that allows you to see us stuff outside the country . 
  wow , you are cute . 
  you seem approachable , and not at all intimidating . 
  hugs . 
  i do n't know what i would recommend you do , but i do know what i would do if i was in your situation . 
  i would just travel , take a little break and go on a vacation . 
  i would probably even think about moving . 
  if that is a bit much , i would just go out more , and try to meet new people . 
  can you close chrome and unpin both , or just unpin any chrome links from the taskbar . 
  can you then drag a chrome shortcut from the desktop , or startmenu , pin it to the taskbar , and see if that fixes it ? 
  sorry about your current situation . 
  just keep your head up , try to find a job , or if not do something fun that keeps you entertained and happy . 
  but meeting new people seems like a good idea . 
  try to find clubs , or groups that revolve around a hobby or interest that you like . 
  you could even find your local subreddit , and ponder going to a meetup if they have one . 
  no problem . 
  australia is one of the countries that is just discriminated against by internet services and companies for stupid reasons . 
  i mean , i ca n't believe they charge you extra for the same service given to us americans , and even the british . 
  this is a `` screw you '' to them . 
  the reason for this is for touch devices . 
  there is large white space you have more room to touch it with your fingers or a stylus , so to say . 
  but good you found out how to fix it . 
  i never did like this . 
  norton is a pretty bad av . 
  you should try something different like avast or msse/mse . 
  also , post a screenshot of your task manager at startup , and we will see what programs are running , and if any are hogging up ram . 
  that is why people recommend it with malwarebytes . 
  mse is lightweight and for more cautious people . 
  i heard bitdefender and nod 32 are good paid programs . 
  well , ubuntu/linux mint is a pretty reasonable introduction for people to use linux . 
  people think linux is a bad thing , but chances are they are running a tech device with linux ( tablets , smartphones , chromeos ) . 
  why not ? 
  i would n't recommend arch , or gentoo , but i would recommend ubuntu or linux mint , because they are easy to use , they work out of the box , and appeal to noobs . 
  even chromeos is linux based . 
  i guess you do have a point . 
  older people are harder to introduce a new os , hell a new anything tech related .
