  click on the unmute button in the top left for sound , and just click on the video to play . 
  if it is like deism , which means a deity created the universe and left it at that , it would n't matter if i was an atheist or theist , because he does n't really intervene in human affairs anyway . 
  i wonder when these protesters will stand outside a state run facility for orphans asking people to come in and begin the process of adopting one of them . 
  do n't do it if you depend on them for anything . 
  if not tell them , and if they disapprove , oh well . 
  tell them to accept you for what you are , and if not , then it is their problem . 
  dude , i think you should tell her . 
  kids tend to be a deal breaker in relationships , and now that you have changed your mind , you should tell her before anything bad happens . 
  one bad thing that can happen is she gets pregnant and you resent the kid , so you have to a parent for the rest of your life . 
  tell her your side of the story on why you do not want kids anymore . 
  tell her families are n't just about having children , but two married people who love each other can be a family . 
  tell her you want to have fun and go on vacations without letting your child interfering in everything . 
  tell her some of the upsides of not having children . 
  if things take a turn for the worst , you can try counseling , or accept that it might be necessary for a divorce , and that you will have to find another woman who does not want kids . 
  it is wrong to hide the fact that you do n't want kids anymore and are pushing the due date , because it is n't fair to her . 
  so let her know how you feel . 
  if you want additional support , you can hop over to / r/childfree , where some of the followers of the sub have been through what you are currently going through . 
  there is this dns server service that can do it for you . 
  it is called [ tunlr ] ( http://tunlr.net/ ) and all you would have to do is change your dns server settings to them , and you can use us based services . 
  also someone mentioned mediahint which are a [ chrome ] ( https://mediahint.com/install_chrome.html ) and [ ff ] ( https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/media-hint/ ) extension . 
  tell him !, 
  if it annoys you this much , just invite him to events but tell him that he is the only one invited , not her , because she will probably get bored . 
  i just finished the wire a couple of days ago . 
  i highly recommend the show . 
  did n't she `` change her mind '' and had a kid anyway ? 
  sounds like you are an agnostic atheist . 
  you are someone who does not believe any deities exist and it maybe impossible to know whether or not any deities exist , or that we do not currently have enough evidence to say whether or not any deities exist . 
  well , he is n't the only one . 
  many americans feel this way and have felt this way since 9/11 . 
  people really are scared of more terrorist attacks in the us , and want whatever is possible to help protect themselves , even if it is just [ security theater ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/security_theater ) . 
  these americans do n't realize that your chances of dying in a terrorist attack is real low compared to some of the other common stuff that can kill you , like strokes/heart attacks and car accidents . 
  they also do n't realize that some of the stuff set up to protect us from the `` terrorists '' are n't too efficient and seem to be discriminatory , like the tsa . 
  hopefully she does n't ask for a divorce if op still loves her , as it would not be christian of her . 
  thing is the constitution does not really matter at the border or if you live within a certain distance from a border or coastline , which really sucks . 
  that is a flash feature , not a youtube one . 
  it is a security feature . 
  the html5 version of the player has a different message depending on your browser . 
  she looks more like shae to me . 
  i am going to be skeptical to this . 
  how do you know ? 
  and where is the hard proof that you are being spied on ? 
  i mean for news networks to `` know '' this , you must have some definitive evidence . 
  well , in that sense yeah , we are all being spied upon , but i got the impression from the title that it was personal , like he must have pissed someone off who is in a high position or some of his activities have raised some red flags . 
  guess , i should have thought about this more . 
  not really , but i am open to it . 
  i am just not a fan of the romanticized idea aspect of it . 
  i would be completely happy being in a long term monogamous relationship , or getting a marriage certificate . 
  the important thing is that i am happy with the person i love , and that she is happy with me . 
  it depends on the circumstances . 
  if their religion interferes with their ability to work then no , i would not tell them . 
  an example would be them being catholic and refusing to hand out bc if they are a pharmacist or say they work in the food business where they are refusing to cater to people of other religions , or people under the lgbt umbrella because it is ` against the bible ' . 
  i would also not say anything if they proselytize or preach their religion to co-workers or other people on the job . 
  now , if they were just christian , did a fantastic job , and kept it to themselves , i would definitely tell them . 
  i would do the same for a muslim , jew , scientologist , atheist , etc. 
  religious preferences should n't be a job ending matter , unless it interferes with the ability to do your job . 
  i say this as an american , and if these scenarios happen in the united states . 
  or he could find someone who is n't a hooker and escort and just do casual sex , as long as he mentions this part beforehand . 
  i personally use [ process hacker ] ( http://processhacker.sourceforge.net/ ) . 
  it is free and open source . 
  it is way better than the default task manager for windows xp-7 . 
  still , it is a bit of an asshole move to pretty much give a stranger the responsibility of their child . 
  it is n't like he asked , `` hey , could you please watch my child , while i go to the restroom ? '', 
  and then waited for a response . 
  he pretty much told her watch my kid while i go to the restroom . 
  did n't kim try to pay it off , but could n't because his assets were frozen at the time ? 
  nah , it is n't there problem , but kim was trying to save people 's data from being erased . 
  he even asked the government to let some people try to get some of their data backed , but the us government refused . 
  this is one of the best soundtracks of all time . 
  without this soundtrack , i feel like the vn would 've been just another book . 
  the soundtrack added this layer to the story . 
  man , some of the songs make me tear up like painful history , innocence , three stars , jitter , and moment of decision . 
  i wonder , and this is just an assumption , but would n't many cartel members just move to the us and set up shop here , or have someone do it for them here ? 
  i understand , the demand is there , and we can fill it , but you must realize the cartels make millions of dollars every year , if not billions . 
  i do n't know if they would just simply let their business dry up if drugs become legal , i want to say they want get in on the new legal action . 
  of course , this is just a conspiracy theory , and may not even be a thing . 
  it is for people who do n't want to type out shit , and i think it was part of a song , that when you played it backwards , shit sounds like `` ish '' . 
  seems more like lazy coding , than deceit to me . 
  they tailor their services to ie on windows 7 and 8 and probably have n't done much on other browsers , so it gives you a `` browser not supported '' message . 
  that is true , there could be marijuana producers who become parts of corporations , sort of like brewers of alcohol . 
  i wonder though , if there would be cartel infiltration of some of them , or cartels setting up there own , because this is something cartels are good at , and that is growing and distributing weed , and i am not too sure if they would be quick to draw the while flag and admit defeat . 
  it was quite mellow to be honest . 
  the host did seem condescending , but the other two people with him did n't nor did the priest . 
  that would be great if they did go legit and became non-violent , but weed is not the only business they are in . 
  they are in the government of mexico , they are in the kidnapping and smuggling business , they are in the gun running business , and other things , so the violence is n't going to go away , but it could drop if drug laws were less strict . 
  i wonder what will happen to the most violent of the cartels because they just are n't going to stop , the violence is going to have to go somewhere else . 
  what about the netherlands , belgium , spain , south africa , norway , sweden , portugal , iceland , argentina ? 
  i wonder when god will do something drastic to those countries . 
  because they are the top dog , and they do n't need to improve , because why should they ? 
  no one comes close to youtube , not vimeo , not dailymotion , not metacafe . 
  people are not going to leave youtube , to someone else , because there is no real alternative . 
  youtube allows you to upload almost anything , while the other sites have restrictions , and youtube is where the audience is . 
  if you look at porn sites , they have amazing video players . 
  why ? 
  because they are in competition with a million other sites , and if their players were anything like youtube 's , they would lose business . 
   i was able to go on a walk around the block a couple days ago . 
  that was my first this year . 
  i 've since gone on 4 or 5 more walks ( just around the block ) but i think this is an improvement from staying inside all year . 
  i can relate to this extremely . 
  i have not gone outside in months , because i chose to stay in my shell of a home and about two to three weeks ago , i also went outside for the first time . 
  i just started to walk around the block every other day and that felt like a huge accomplishment .
