  [ process hacker ] ( http://sourceforge.net/projects/processhacker/ ) is a pretty amazing task manager replacement . 
  it is open source too . 
  i personally use [ wincdemu ] ( http://sourceforge.net/projects/wincdemu/ ) , which you only need to double click an . iso and set the drive letter and bam , iso is mounted . 
  this program is even open source . 
  site is pretty much satire . 
  read the about page . 
   here 's something to consider ... 
  if it feels wrong ... odds are it is wrong . 
  always listen your intuition . 
  somehow we already know but just have n't realized it . 
  change your dns server settings . 
  if you are using the default isp dns settings , you ca n't access anything they are filtering . 
  i recommend [ opendns ] ( https://www.opendns.com/ ) which uses the following dns servers 208.67.222.222 and 208.67.220.220 . 
  aluminium has been known to cause * smug * in areas where aluminium has been preferred over aluminum . 
  did you check `` ask where to save each file before downloading '' in the settings page ? 
  there are [ snapshot builds ] ( https://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/chromium-browser-snapshots/index.html?path=linux/ ) as well but what are the differences between the continuous builds and the snapshots ? 
  this seems like a cool concept . 
  i have no reason for this at the moment , as i do n't really have a need to store or share encrypted files over the net , but i will certainly bookmark this site , and maybe i will use this site instead of sending something like truecrypt containers in an email or through skype . 
  this is basically what [ firefox 15 on install looks like ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f2dir.png ) on windows 7 . 
  it is pretty much the same on vista and xp . 
  for linux , the title of the current tab is on the window manager like op 's pic . 
  it was originally named phoenix and firebird , but those two had trademark conflicts so they changed it to firefox . 
  those processes are the extensions , so if one fails it does n't kill the whole browser . 
  click on the menu icon next to the url bar and go to `` view background pages '' and you will see what extensions are running and how much ram they are using . 
  edit : forgot to add that flash and other plugins and the gpu process add to the number of processes running . 
  more like he is the host of a botnet . 
  i like it but it is a little too transparent for my tastes . 
  i prefer a more opaque , plasticy look like soft 7 . 
  i use adblock on youtube , but i whitelist specific video addresses , so i can watch the video , and let the ads load , so that my subscriptions can make money off the ads . 
  parmesan cheese . 
  i swear it smells as it tastes , like vomit . 
  this is awesome . 
  but can this be a replacement for flash on youtube on linux ? 
  god wants you not to cheat on your spouse , but to marry the cheater , and then it will be alright . 
  i think many people in the ot were polygamists , with many more concubines on the side . 
  sometimes i wonder why even put them up in the first place . 
  they know the billboards will cause a lot of butthurt and will get threats from them being placed up . 
  sweet . 
  the two things i do n't like are the dock , because it is redundant to have it , because you have pinned apps and the text on the wallpaper . 
  other than that , this desktop is pretty nice . 
  right . 
  they have limited attention spans as it is , so writings to them should be straight and to the point . 
  probably like a sentence or two because they sure as hell are n't going to read paragraphs . 
  let alone one paragraph . 
  beautiful extension man !, 
  anyways , how does it know what city you are in ? 
  does it figure it out by ip address or something else ? 
  usually for apps or extensions like this , i have to manually set my city and or zip code . 
  i wonder if she would vote for the muslim brotherhood if they ran in the us . 
  i mean , would n't they be doing what god is telling them to do ? 
  nah , i was n't too concered , but i am a little privacy conscious . 
  then again , i use websites , programs , and an operating system with more tracking than any chrome extension . 
  but it is good to know that you guys do n't log this stuff . 
  is that a tattoo above her right cheek ? 
  she has a beautiful accent . 
  i do n't know about it . 
  there does n't seem to be a faq or some kind of info regarding it . 
  i do n't know why they would offer a free vpn seeing as they run a paid vpn service . 
  i do n't know if anyone can trust a free vpn service because why would they offer people a free vpn service for no cost ? 
  what would they get in return is the question . 
  see before that link to anonymous download was an ad that would mimic the the links next to it . 
  but now , i do n't really know . 
  r/atheism is just like many other default subreddits . 
  filled with karma whoring posters . 
  that 's all it is . 
  reposts and crap not really related to atheism , just to get the karma . 
  the mods are lazy and do n't enforce the rules . 
  if you do n't like it though , unsubscribe , or use this [ filter bot ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheismbot/ ) , which removes everything but self posts . 
  there is also r/trueatheism which is self posts by default , and they actually have decent discussions instead of facebook posts and theist bashing . 
  i would also recommend r/debatereligion for discussions regarding religion with little to no circlejerking . 
  sucks that you need hardware virtualization or else it wo n't work . 
  it wo n't run for me . 
  no , you do need hardware virtualization to run os x properly and my laptop does n't support it . 
  at least that was the case for vmware workstation . 
  i think the case is the same for virtualbox . 
  there is , but it wo n't run as well as if it had hardware virtualization . 
  and besides , i have n't use vmware player/workstation in months . 
  same for chromium dev builds . 
  in the newest 1.4 snapshot they can . 
  i remember watching one of his specials on comedy central and i swear there is a beep every five seconds . 
  come up north to the dallas area . 
  i do n't really notice religion being a big thing here . 
  i do n't want too terribly bad weather up here , just a day or two of some rain so we can get out of the heat . 
  many laptops have this feature because sometimes when you type , the force might set off the touchpad , which is kinda sensitive . 
  to turn this off , go to control panel  hardware and sound  and under devices and printers click on mouse . 
  chances are you should have a tab for your laptops touchpad . 
  mine is called dell touchpad . 
  the setting to turn off what you are talking about on a dell , is called `` touchcheck '' . 
  what brand of laptop do you own ? 
  the drivers should be the same then . 
  do you have the touchpad drivers installed ? 
  if you did you should have that dell touchpad icon in the system tray . 
  when you double click that , it should bring up the dell touchpad control panel like thing up . 
  then you would click on touchpad settings and turn off touchcheck . 
  atheists and theists already live in peace in many parts of the world . 
  europe , canada , australia , new zealand , and even in many states and cities in the us , people do n't care what religion you are . 
  sadly , though , everywhere else , atheism is looked down upon . 
  well , sorry i could n't be of more help . 
  you know they are telling the truth , because they use capital letters . 
  you could use [ fedora ] ( https://fedoraproject.org/ ) , which is the arguably one of the most popular distributions behind ubuntu .
