  this is pretty negative against certain parents too , like those who adopt older children . 
  are they not real men , because they did n't watch sesame street with their adoptive child when they were a baby ? 
  i am guessing this is for 22 . 
  that is when they are blocking third party cookies by default , so i am guessing this might be part of it . 
  i know what she was getting at , but she did n't have to phrase it , like other men are n't close to this . 
  awesome , thank you so much , you have been a huge help . 
  it 's political correctness gone wrong . 
  i mean , you remember the news article of the kid who ate a poptart into a shape of a pistol and pointed it at another kid and got in trouble ? 
  pretty much a handful of articles from / r/nottheonion dealing with punishing school kids for something minute , are pc gone wrong . 
  back in hs , the first year was pretty easy to get around the filters . 
  web proxies worked . 
  then we used programs like [ ultrasurf ] ( http://ultrasurf.us/ ) , because you did n't have to write down different websites , and ultrasurf did everything for you . 
  by my senior year , web proxies and proxy programs failed because they had a better firewall , and i got around it by using [ ssh tunnels ] ( http://encyclopedia.thefreedictionary.com/ssh+tunnel ) and different [ vpns ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virtual_private_network ) . 
  mosby out mosby'ed himself . 
  he said he loved robin after his first date , but now he said he will marry a woman he has n't even met yet . 
  and yeah , i know this did n't happen but it is still a great scene . 
  probably the best episode this season yet . 
  gnewsense is what he uses ( used ) . 
  it has n't been updated in ages . 
  that is a maybe though . 
  db was working on the lighting engine first . 
  he pushed it to 1.5 , but it looks like it might be pushed to 1.6 . 
  i would also blacklist their mac address on the router , but if he or she hacked the previous password , they might also know about changing their mac address . 
  hiv or aids wo n't kill you , nor will it make you stronger . 
  that is my rebuttal to this bullshit quote . 
  it makes you weaker by just demolishing your immune system to the point where you can die from a cold . 
  i bet the people that make those comments , are exactly the kind of people they are hating on . 
  nice , i live in dallas , and have always wondered what it is like in nz . 
  what is the biggest thing you miss about texas and singapore , if you can remember anything from your childhood ? 
  '' [ who is going to pay for my 15 children !? 
  someone 's got ta pay for me and my kids !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bavou_sej1e ) '', 
  well he is right . 
  we did n't come from adam or steve , nor did we come from adam and eve . 
  we came from a single cell that evolved throughout millions of years . 
  i would have made a comment on how i love switzerland too . 
  i mean that is pretty much the [ swiss flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_switzerland ) . 
  that is not always the case . 
  your posts can occasionally get caught in the spam filter but i do get what you are saying . 
  it looks to you like you posted it , but when you try to find it , it is nowhere to be found . 
  if you have the ability to watch the highest quality with no problem , why watch at the lowest possible quality ? 
  man , i struggle with 1080p , and even 360p , but 720p is good for some reason . 
  sweet , just like opera , and now if mozilla can implement this in the future , possibly for ff 23 , or earlier . 
  there , filtered / r/atheism for your pleasure . 
  no may-mays , no images , no bullshit . 
  sorta like the whole kony thing , which we never arrested . 
  do your friends and other family know ? 
  if they do , how are you treated because of that knowledge ? 
  but to be fair , kony had lost a lot of his power , and he was a shell of his former self . 
  i get why they organization went after him , but i did n't like how he was painted as saddam hussein or noriega . 
  there were worse , and active military leaders in that part of africa . 
   the money went towards the cause . 
  i remember the organization that made the video was criticized even before 2012 , of how they handled their money . 
  they refused third party checks , and a large chunk went towards themselves to spend on film and promotion . 
  that sucks , and i am sorry to hear that . 
  i mean , it really does n't affect them in anyway , and for them to completely break up any relationships , is dumb . 
  oh well , if they could n't swallow that , well , would they be there for any other things that might affect you ? 
  they were probably not real friends in the first place . 
  you can try some of the things from this checklist from this thread . 
  as to the avast question , sometimes avast will not scan certain files and say that they are password protected , even if they are n't . 
  i have had the same thing happen to me . 
  when you read the directory they are in , do they look suspicious to you ? 
  are they . dlls or . exes ? 
  if they are not those two file extensions , an if they are your files , such as pictures or something , you can probably ignore it . 
  let me guess , all she does is blast the abortion process but does nothing with preventing it ( preach for more contraception use , condom use , or safe sex related things ; preach for better sex ed . 
  in abstinent only places , which have the highest pregnancy rates ) , or nothing to do with the after process of birth of unwanted children ( ex . 
  preach for more adoption of children from the foster system , or the street/homeless children ; lobby to stop welfare cuts especially when they deal with money for food for children ) right ? 
  here is a [ relevant funny video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8ea3l8zl2k ) from some bbc show on the nokia phone . 
  how does it work better ? 
  yeah , you got me there , [ firefox does not block cookies and anything else that leaves traces . 
  ] ( https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/private-browsing-browse-web-without-saving-info?redirectlocale=en-us&amp;redirectslug=private+browsing#w_what-does-private-browsing-not-save ) that honor is bestowed only upon chrome . 
  that feel when they tell you to just `` get over it '' . 
  plus there are active moderators here who enforce the rules , but not so much on youtube . 
  the only moderator on yt comments is the uploader , and in extreme cases , yt mods . 
  anyone else find those little blonde whiskers on her stomach really attractive ? 
  but ... but they are n't * real * republicans !, 
  i was really hoping they would hit the road and find a new location , but now we will get the fucking prison again for the 4th season , at least if not for a few episodes . 
  maybe the removal/ban of lead in stuff like paint and gasoline helped . 
   baptism wo n't hurt anyone , it 's a piece of paper, 
  i beg to differ . 
  i wish society would criticize them more for being anti-american because they do n't care about the constitution , and for trying to force their sharia law on citizens , like i am sure they have criticized muslims for . 
  her new movie [ the bling ring ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_bling_ring ) . 
  you know , probably many people will see this as normal , but when a girl photoshops herself hugging someone like robert pattinson from twilight , she is pretty mental , and possibly obsessive . 
   how fast can u repost, 
  how about how fast can you debunk this pile of shit ? 
  less than five seconds with a quick search on the internet . 
  i would watch the sensual/passionate stuff over the shit that is degrading to women ( which is a huge chunk of porn ) . 
  sensual examples include x-art , met art , joymii . 
  there are sensual porn subs like / r/passionx and / r/chickflixxx . 
  sensual/passionate porn seems more like porn you would watch with an so , and the other porn is the stuff you watch on your own . 
  yeah , it 's not like there are factories out there that manufacture bullets , they must be a limited resource that are mined out of the ground , and once they are all shot , that 's it , we have to resort to bow and arrows again !, 
  she must have an outie bellybutton . 
  i 've seen some of my mutual friends tag a huge chunk of their friends list , on a picture of their kids . 
  does it say what version of chromium this will hit ? 
  i really do hope they open source presto , where i think it will have a new life on linux based desktops , and maybe even on phones , or tablets . 
  republicans proving yet again that they do n't give a shit about anyone other than rich white christian republicans . 
  and they call themselves `` pro-life '' , but here they are not giving a shit about babies post-pregnancy . 
  post any one of these as a rebuttal . 
  what would you say is your secret ? 
  is it that she is just naturally horny all the time , or is it more than that ?
