  if you wish to install windows 8 from scratch on a new hard disk , you need the [ system builder ] ( http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/asin/b0094nxbz0/labnol-20/ ) that may not be available at all locations . 
  so no . 
  the system builder is $ 139 . 
  you might as well buy a retail version . 
  windows 8 is pretty adamant at stopping piracy and it has a pretty nasty bootloader that is hard to get around . 
  download [ malwarebytes anti-malware ] ( http://www.malwarebytes.org/mwb-download/ ) and do a full system scan . 
  this is a separate but similar program that will scan for malware , that avg could miss . 
  that 's been on reddit , i 'm sure of it . 
  i have seen it on / r/funny before . 
  i am guessing it was more the latter . 
  he was probably hitting a paywall preventing explorer from running and it probably blocked access to other programs like task manager and regedit . 
  maybe the paywall also said stuff was encrypted , but never was , just as a scare tactic . 
  i would n't begin to know how malwarebytes could decrypt encrypted files . 
  i have heard that malware that encrypts data , sometimes put the key in the same folder as the encrypted data , but for malwarebytes to find it and decrypt the data , seems a bit far-fetched to me , or i do n't know malwarebytes well enough . 
  and religion must be !, 
  look at all the christian animals out there praising yahweh !, 
  religion is not in any way natural and neither is the belief in yahweh . 
  usually the more radical a religion is , the more people are going to be opposed to it . 
  example : wbbc and scientology . 
  despised by millions worldwide . 
  they are ridiculed a lot . 
  in the us , christianity is more `` radical '' than in say england , france , belgium , norway , australia , new zealand , iceland , denmark or sweden . 
  people in europe are more culturally religious than actual religious . 
  europe is really watered down religiously compared to the us . 
  you do n't really see people from europe making fun of christianity because christianity is dying down and like i said , not as bat shit crazy and so people do n't see a reason to mock it . 
  europeans are more worried about radical islam that is starting to take hold . 
  r/atheism is mostly us based , and these people know what religion does to people because they see it everyday . 
  that is why they usually mock them , because many of those christians reject science , logic and reason . 
  when they at least reject logic , critical thinking and reason , what more is there ? 
  you ca n't debate them because they use fallacies and they always hide behind the massive brick wall : `` god dun it/god 's will '' . 
  it 's not even that anymore . 
  anyone and everyone gets double and triple checked now-a-days . 
  even kids , grandparents and sick people . 
  the tsa are an absolute embarrassment to our country . 
  the first thing tourists see when entering the us , are the tsa . 
  having to deal with them makes those tourists not want to visit anymore if they are going to be treated like a criminal or terrorist when they have n't even entered the country yet . 
  you killed him after he got on the boat ? 
  you know you could snipe him when he is swimming towards the boat . 
  he then becomes fish/shark food . 
  wow , it comes with two watermarks . 
  if a subreddit makes you angry , and you did n't knowingly sign up to a subreddit that makes you angry , it 's time to unsubscribe . 
  i did . 
  i got tired of all the lame attention whoring pictures and pictures with no significance reaching my front page . 
  i suggest you do the same . 
  kinda like / r/atheismbot that filters out anything but news articles and self posts on / r/atheism ? 
  that would be awesome . 
  i remember / r/mildlyinteresting submissions would only get up to 100 to 200 upvotes and now they get thousands and even make the front page . 
  that is definitely new . 
  but yeah , it is getting popular or was getting popular . 
  he is probably going to end up on a sex offenders list for public urination . 
  people have gotten on the list for simply peeing on the side of a road , this guy pissed in front of all kinds of people in the middle of a crowded airport during the holiday season . 
  i would begin here . 
  it stems from an `` indecent exposure '' charge and from there you can be added to the list . 
  too many innocent people are added to these lists . 
  and from there you ca n't do shit . 
  you are labeled for life . 
  also these lists do n't always say why you are on the list . 
  say you move into a new neighborhood and were on the list because you peed on the side of the road . 
  what are the chances you have to tell your neighbors that you are on the list , that they do n't know why you were on the list , and the chance that they will believe you when you tell them you ended up on the list because of public urination ? 
  many will automatically label you a pedophile . 
  also you ca n't really compare mainly liberal europe to mainly conservative america . 
  america is still backwards in many aspects . 
  same could be said for europe , but in this regard , america is the one that is backwards . 
  as for the kid peeing on the side of the road , i think the parent will be scolded if caught by a law enforcement officer . 
  i do n't know if the parents could be charged with anything though . 
  i do n't have any specific news articles , only [ references to people being on the list ] ( http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=127220896 ) by googling . 
  it turns out public urination will give you an indecent exposure charge in many states in which case you might have to register for the sex offenders list . 
  people who have streaked or mooned have also ended up on the list . 
  i was n't speaking of pissing in a busy airport , i meant peeing on the side of a rural road and how people end up on sex offenders list , is how america is backwards . 
  i heard california is pretty lenient when it comes to public urination . 
  it is probably different in more conservative states like alabama or mississippi . 
  you got lucky . 
  here are two rebuttals aka edited captions courtesy of photoshop and 4chan that i downloaded a while back . 
  windows 8 is n't 15 bucks . 
  you had to have bought a windows 7 computer after ~ july 2012 to be able to * upgrade * to windows 8 for 15 bucks . 
  so , essentially , a swimmer body ? 
  oh well , nothing like a [ good ol' bottle of vinegar ca n't fix !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysdeaf_prfo ), 
  except for the parts that * are * literal . 
  ex : gays are an abomination . 
  everything else ( especially the contradictory/confusing passages ) are metaphorical and for an `` outdated civilization '' and does not concern modern christians . 
  at least that is how many people view the bible . 
  that is one example of the front page of reddit trying to emulate 4chan . 
  second example would be `` op is a faggot '' spammed thousands of times if op did something wrong . 
  was it an old one with the balls , or an optical one ? 
  it has something to do with your dns server settings . 
  you have to change from your default charter dns settings to google public dns if you want one word searches . 
  here is a link . 
  i wish i could do one word searches , but i want my search engine to remain duckduckgo and my dns provider to be opendns . 
  if anyone could help that would be awesome . 
  also just about everyone is addicted to feed the beast , so the time they could allot to minez or the podcast is spent recording and playing on the ftb server . 
  [ there is a step by step guide for os x , windows and linux if you did n't already see it and are having trouble setting it up . 
  ] ( https://developers.google.com/speed/public-dns/docs/using ), 
  if you want , i could do a visual step by step later by uploading screenshots to imgur if you have windows 7 and if you still want to go through with it . 
  and no worries , glad i could help . 
  linux mint 13 is based on ubuntu 12.04 which is a long term support version , meaning you wo n't have to update the operating system to a new version for at least a couple of years . 
  i mean you will still have to update individual programs and apply security updates though . 
  linux mint 14 is based on ubuntu 12.10 which means you will have support for newer features . 
  i would recommend getting linux mint 13 with the xfce desktop interface if you want something noobish with many useful programs out of the box . 
  you could also check out the [ linux mint debian edition ] ( http://www.linuxmint.com/download_lmde.php ) , if you want a slightly more challenging distro .
