  fedora , like centos , is based on red hat linux and fedora is sponsored by red hat . 
  centos and fedora use * . rpm packages , so you should see a lot of similarities between the two distros . 
  lubuntu or xubuntu for your specs and as your first time linux experience . 
  those two are both based on ubuntu , which it seems your computer will struggle to run because ubuntu unity needs 1 gb of ram to run . 
  xubuntu and lubuntu offer different desktop environments that can run on 512 mbs . 
  again , like people before me said , you could re-install xp , or you could try out linux . 
  you do n't even have to install it . 
  you could make a [ live cd ] ( https://help.ubuntu.com/community/livecd ) , or a [ live usb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/live_usb ) . 
  that means that you could boot ubuntu from a cd or usb and use it that way without installing it to the hard drive so you can see what ubuntu is like and get the feel of it . 
  are n't there extensions/addons for chromium and firefox that uses ie in a tab , at least for sites that need ie for whatever reason ? 
  i noticed there is significant drop in the ram usage . 
  almost 100 megs . 
  i need to remove some unnecessary addons , and it should drop a few more . 
  well , would you rather just open up ie and use it that way ? 
  if you only use it for certain sites , you might as well go for something like ie tab . 
  gilbert gottfried ? 
  probably not . 
  as long as you know the website is trusted , you should n't be at risk . 
  watch out for those websites with weird urls . 
  that means if you need java for work or school sites , you should be okay , as long as someone has n't hacked said sites and inserted their own stuff , or if the admins of those sites are n't doing anything malicious in the first place . 
  you should still set the java plugin to be click to play . 
  java is n't really used on major websites anymore . 
  and preferably white . 
  probably not of 9-11 , but say terrorist training videos . 
  any ideas on what the defense forces for texas are called ? 
  nothing more annoying than the old `` evolution is just a theory !, 
  there is no evidence for it ! '', 
  you really ca n't . 
  people are just dumb and refuse to listen or witness anything that challenges their beliefs . 
  ahh thank you . 
  i have lived here for a while , and i have never heard of them . 
  i have really only heard of the national guard , which is close by my high school and a few feet away from my apartments . 
  i want to add that the states that ban atheists , is a lie . 
  that is unconstitutional , and no state can enforce their laws on it . 
  they are still `` in the books '' though . 
  do you keep in touch with old friends ? 
  and how is your social life now , compared to when you were in school ? 
  yes . 
  one of the funny things is , when the song is over on the radio , i feel like pulling out my laptop to listen to it again . 
  english slang for `` bro , dude , mate . '', 
  but this argument is still being used by fundies , even without this specific image . 
  i 've heard it before . 
  `` if you legalize gay marriage , what will be legal next , man marrying animal ! '', 
  that and i heard a rumor some people over at 4chan tried to ddos reddit because of obama 's ama . 
  why ? 
  this is probably the one and only time he will do an ama . 
  even the url says `` islamic terrorist network al jazeera ... '' and that is where i stopped reading . 
  it 's not set to `` continue from last time . '', 
  it is set to `` start with homepage . '', 
  it does the same exact thing if i set it to start with the speed dial . 
  i 'm sure it has already happened . 
  luckily html5 technology is expanding . 
  hopefully it will replace flash . 
  i do n't have that setting , unless i have to go to opera : config and change something there . 
  this is one thing that i hated about truthers . 
  sitting on fb and posting pseudoscience is not doing anything better to better themselves . 
  it 's not like conspiracy theorists wear gas masks or something when going outside , so they breathe in the same fucking air , regardless if people are at a concert , or if they are walking to the store . 
  nope . 
  homepage still opens along with the link i click on . 
  what does ` shoving it down your throat ' even mean ? 
  that we as a society are evolving on topics like gay marriage , religion , abortion , civil rights , immigration , and are talking about them as if they were taboo , does that mean we are forcing this on her ? 
  but somehow having a cross and denying rights to someone because it goes against one religious group 's ideas is n't forcing it on other people . 
  upvote for having a calm discussion with her , i would 've gone off on her . 
  yes , but there needs to be more work done to get it running smoothly . 
  if that is the case , then maybe people should invest in a paid vpn or a free one like hotspot shield . 
  `` oh wait , i 'm on r/4chan '', 
  there was a recent post by another redditor who liked a girl 's photo from facebook that was a couple of years old , and the girl who owned the photo and another friend messaged him and called him a creeper . 
  makes you wonder why they would put a photo up and not expect guys to like it in the first place . 
  but like duffmanhb implies , the only way for you not to be a creeper , is for shallow girls to like you in the first place . 
  nah , all he has to do is switch to another dns service other than the default isp ones , like opendns or google public dns . 
  was n't it satan that gave us free will ? 
  i mean he did tell adam he would have knowledge and would not die if he ate the apple . 
  also i think it is right to be skeptical of a person claiming that god would kill everyone on earth but a select few if they got on a boat with a stranger and a shit ton of animals , would n't it ? 
  this should not be on ysk and the last time 4chan tried to raid 9gag , it was a huge waste of time . 
  nobody did anything to them , the raid was ill prepared . 
  reminds me of the [ guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w2mjbcgn1g ) from merck who said he brought over aids and other stuff from africa and that vaccines cause cancer , which of course is a load of shite . 
  how long 'til 9gag admins implements le green may-may arrows ? 
  it 's the same exact thing other than the previous three things mentioned , so one ca n't really be `` better '' than the other . 
  i know , but it would be nice to get individual mushrooms by just placing bonemeal on dirt and having a small chance of growing a small mushroom without having to make room for the huge mushrooms . 
  ultrasurf is more of an http proxy than a vpn . 
  also they keep logs for i * think * a month or two and are based in the us . 
  they probably block bittorrent traffic , but i ca n't confirm this . 
  you really should n't use it for torrenting , like tor , because people rely on this to bypass censorship and stuff , and torrenting wastes a lot of bandwidth . 
  this could be a workaround to dinnerbone making xp farms less efficient in 1.4 . 
  you are very correct . 
  i guess we have to wait a bit longer to see how he changes the xp . 
  he is also a feminist , socialist , liberal , aclu lawyer , professor and abortion doctor . 
  how many times is that circlejerky question going to be asked on askreddit to get shitty karma ? 
  and people complain about how circlejerky / r/atheism is . 
  even on beaches . 
  you tend to find a lot of lakes on beach biomes , because there just is n't enough water around beaches . 
  right . 
  my strongest argument for gay marriage is you ca n't deny federal benefits to someone just because it goes against one religious groups ideas . 
  who the fuck cares !, 
  we probably have legalized a crap ton of laws that probably go against jewish or muslim or other religious groups ideas in the us , and yet , we do n't hear anything from them . 
  sexual orientation should be a protected class in the us , because if people claim that gays choose to be gay , then why is religion a protected class but not sexual orientation ? 
  ixquick or startpage ( which is the same thing as ixquick but offers anonymous google searches as well ) . 
  probably one of the best privacy oriented search engines out there . 
  regarding god and the us constitution . 
  ( i do not take credit for this screenshot ) http://i.imgur.com/lvsxm.png,
