transmission-qt and qbittorrent . 
  i ca n't use utorrent nor bittorrent ever since bittorrent inc and the mpaa made a deal . 
  does n't mpc-home cinema come with its own codecs ? 
  or chromium ( the open source part of chrome ) , if you do n't want the privacy risks associated with chrome . 
  i believe they should have still added an aero theme , that is not the system default . 
  if you only want it for internet and small thing like powerpoints , all you need is lubuntu or xubuntu . 
  you could even go with linux mint lxde . 
  you probably wo n't even have to touch the terminal much . 
  they all come with a package manager so you do n't have to compile your programs . 
  if you want to go truly open source and libre , trisquel lxde based on ubuntu . 
  switch to opendns because you are probably using your isp dns servers , and those are the ones that do the blocking . 
  anyways , here 's a huge list of proxies saved whenever tpb went down a couple of days ago . 
  / g / also made justin bieber linux as a joke like hannah montana linux . 
  `` you want 2.000 more stalkers , because apparently the ones on your list are n't enough ! '', 
  i read something about how some of their posts are sponsored stories on the sidebar to the right , but i do n't know how that makes them money . 
  posting for karma instead of posting just to share something , or to start a debate and get people thinking . 
  i see people post text on an image , just words and a solid color background , just for the karma , when it should have been a self post . 
  you 're right . 
  i could downgrade to 10.04 . 
  i should upgrade to 12.04 in a couple of months anyway and install cinnamon or mate . 
  and it is for my 7 year old desktop . 
  can you install gnome 2 on 12.04 ? 
  i alwats figured it was gnome 3 that you could install on 11.10 + . 
  i know you can install the gnome panel and tweak it a bit to mimic gnome 2 and that you can use the unity superbar along with the gnome panel . 
  i use gnash and html5 on youtube along with flashblock as a somewhat deterrent , but i do n't know how secure gnash is compared to an updated version of adobe flash . 
  i would post one of these two images as a response . 
  ( taken from 4chan months ago . ), 
  yep . 
  this is one issue . 
  opera has this locked down . 
  they have a private tab feature where you open a tab next to your current tabs that wo n't save history . 
  it 's better than stopping everything you do to go to private mode , or to open an incognito window . 
  libre on windows 7 on my laptop , and openoffice 3.2.0 on xp on my desktop . 
  looks like he set down lava using a bucket , and then used water to cool it to obsidian . 
  you do n't have to mine the obsidian . 
  you make your own using water and lava . 
  a [ bosnian rebel ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bkqyn.jpg ) crying and holding onto a tree after witnessing the remains of the massacre of his friends and family . 
  this might have been filmed before the snapshot . 
  trading would help a lot though . 
  oh wow , it 's not like we repost stuff from facebook and cite it on reddit , do we ? 
  time for the weekly post already ? 
  the only good thing about this seed is a huge ravine right next to the spawn point . 
  nothing too special about it . 
  this is what 's in the forge in the village . 
  lenovo thinkpads . 
  these are some of the best laptops designed , although they are not built for looks , they certainly make up in performance . 
  they are built for windows , but they have amazing support for gnu/linux . 
  i see a bit of vladimir putin in there . 
  it 's not for me atm . 
  i dual-booted it , and it just does n't feel right . 
  metro should really only be used on the tablets , or with touchscreens . 
  microsoft should n't force metro on people with keyboards and mice . 
  i dislike that they are messing with the `` traditional desktop '' as well . 
  they should n't touch what windows 7 perfected . 
  they should n't mess with the start menu . 
  i do n't like icons on the desktop , and i only have 4 apps pinned to the taskbar . 
  i use the start menu to open those programs , and having to go to the metro interface to open a program is dumb . 
  i also dislike what they are doing with the bootloader . 
  they ca n't lock the bootloader to the bios , because that is basically forcing you to stay with windows 8 . 
  i will see what will happen in the next couple of months though . 
  they may make windows 8 better by the time sp1 comes out . 
  that bastard . 
  he must not know the historical significance of houston and nasa . 
  the stuff that made up the ` second ' film , was all extra footage from the first film . 
  it was mostly a joke that there is a sequel . 
  did that person just instagram a photo taken off the internet ? 
  why ? 
  he should have been shunned for posting from 9gag . 
  do this mean you can marry gay couples ? 
  then right before the boss scene , the main character runs out of ammo . 
  sure , * now * you run out of ammo . 
  they also do n't have a spare magazine . 
  whenever the bad guy has to give a lecture before he kills the hero and ends up stalling so the good guy gets away . 
  shit , do n't speak , just shoot him !, 
  people that talk loudly on their phones so everyone can hear their conversation . 
  shut the hell up !, 
  ie9 is really not that bad . 
  a lot of people avoid the other viewpoint because they do n't want to be proven wrong , nor do they want to admit that they were wrong on certain subjects . 
  some people here are well educated and i do n't want to label all christians as misinformed , but a lot of christians learn things like evolution and science from their church , and those churches do n't always present the truth . 
  so you have someone telling you that what you have known all of your life is in fact incorrect , it hits you hard . 
  i notice this mostly with americans . 
  we just do n't like to admit that we are wrong , and that we are always correct . 
   implying 4chan is n't exactly like reddit, 
  botnet is usually a hyperbole or joke , but the fact that bittorrent inc. ( owns utorrent and bittorrent ) , has teamed up with the mpaa should turn away people who care about this issue . 
  if you just want a simple word processor and spreadsheet app , abiword , and gnumeric are pretty good . 
  you can use transmission , deluge , or qbittorrent as a torrent client . 
  truecrypt for encrypting files , or a disk or partition . 
  firefox and chromium are both open source , although i believe chromium may have a few non licensed parts . 
  sumatrapdf as a pdf viewer . 
  here is a big one for windows , rainmeter . 
  with rainmeter you can add pretty cool widgets and skins for windows . 
  process hacker is way better than the default task manager for windows . 
  mpc-hc or vlc for audio/video . 
  i am a bit torn on using adblock on youtube like i dofor reddit . 
  some of the youtubers i watch , make their money from ads , and i feel like i am not supporting them by using it . 
  this is the first comment on every `` do your worst '' thread . 
  you can try to downgrade to 10.04 , but it wo n't have unity . 
  there are crunchbang , which is debian with openbox , linux mint 12 lxde or linux mint 13 mate/cinnamon , and trisquel as alternatives to ubuntu 12.04 . 
  if you know what you are doing , you can do the already recommended arch linux , or gentoo . 
  you could always try to use gnash , but it is a bit crappier than flash .
