  i thought reddit made fun of the fact that conservatives treat him like a deity , and that he did a lot of things that would piss off modern conservatives . 
  judging from the skateboard , it seems like you like to spend your time outside , as opposed to being indoors . 
  you are in college/uni . 
  your favorite genre is rock music , maybe 90s alternative ? 
  i hated these . 
  i remember i could smell them from very far away , and i could not escape the smell whenever i stepped outside . 
  the smell would only dissipate when it rained . 
  yes , christians in professional sports , hell , in america , christians are the minorities !, 
  everyone is gay nowadays . 
  something like 80 % of americans are gay . 
  when will it be okay to be a christian in america !, 
  does that video have 3,288 thumbs up and zero dislikes ? 
  clicking on dislike does nothing . 
  can you disable thumbs down , but keep thumbs up enabled ? 
  also free and open source . 
  100 years old ? 
  wikipedia says they were founded in 1988 . 
  this book of the history of the onion on amazon says 1988-2008 ( which i am guessing is the date the book was written ) . 
  wow , what the hell . 
  that is crazy . 
  still , if they reset it , surely you can go and dislike the video again , which would mean the dislike count is lower , as opposed to staying at zero . 
  i am guessing this does not affect newer videos , but rather old ones . 
  well it is my opinion , but i do n't really need the larger space , as my clicking accuracy is fine with or without it . 
  i also do not like the white color , and would prefer the original gray background . 
  i do n't mind it much on the right click menu , but on the button menu , it is an aesthetic problem for me . 
  this is the [ canadian ] ( http://www.designerkev.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2008/03/southparkcomingsoon.png ) one . 
  have you tried out an extension for chrome and firefox called [ mediahint ] ( https://mediahint.com/ ) ? 
  it seems to help out non-yanks on youtube , hulu , netflix and sites like the daily show on comedy central 's website . 
  i think the headline should be `` do n't throwaway your roommates things if you think he might be in connection with domestic terror acts '', 
  tim tebow is n't a `` nice guy '' christian . 
  he supports a sexist , homophobic group called `` focus on the family '' . 
  that is why he is a douchebag . 
  wish i could post this on my friends wall who repeatedly compares abortion to the holocaust . 
  she never posts anything related to pregnancy , childcare , adoption , no , it is always just slamming extreme cases of abortion and how it is murder . 
  she also repeatedly slams people on welfare , as all being lazy drug abusers . 
  no amount of links , sources , citations can you throw at people to change their mind . 
  they will say the studies are biased , or bought out by big pharma or the government . 
  i do n't need to be polite , i do it out of respect . 
  it is an old friend from grade school . 
  i do n't like political debates on facebook , because no one cares about your political beliefs , and it just does n't belong on facebook period . 
  also her posts are largely ignored anyway , and i like to laugh to myself about some of the things she posts like how bad obama is for military families , and how good mitt romney would be if he was elected president . 
  that was back during the elections a few months back , but recently she tends to post a lot of really stupid conservative conspiracy theories . 
  but i really do want her to know my side of the abortion argument , but since she just sees it as murder , i do n't really think i can debate her rationally , since she reacts too emotionally to it . 
  no amount of studies and citations can i show her that being an abortion abolitionist is a bad thing . 
  she is n't very rational from the get go , so it would fall on deaf ears . 
  the thing is , she is the only one who ever posts political things , and the only one who i know who is pro-life , so the quote would really only be directed at her . 
  well , there are probably more , but they have n't outright said it , or i do n't really know their thoughts on abortion . 
  haha , no , not at all . 
  i have little respect for her . 
  i used to be very political on facebook , but anything political i would post would be ignored , even things that everyone would be angry about is ignored . 
  i gave up on politics on facebook because of it . 
  but post anything mind numbing , and it would get a ton of likes . 
  i figured i could n't get any real debates out of the people on my facebook friend list . 
  i would n't say it 's the best , but linux mint comes with a lot of stuff out of the box , like adobe flash , vlc media player , silverlight replacement , libreoffice , gimp , pidgin , and some audio codecs so you can listen to music and audio files . 
  it does n't . 
  it is an open source plugin that tries to be a replacement for silverlight , but i do n't think it works as well as silverlight . 
  they may as well subscribe to / r/nazi . 
  you should switch to something else . 
  i would recommend mse and malwarebytes . 
  or avast is pretty good . 
  nod32 for a paid av . 
  avg has been crap for a long time . 
  could we dispose of nuclear and other wastes in his backyard , because who cares about the environment , when you have jesus !, 
  i know mse has a less than stellar detection rate , but it is very light weight , and that is why i recommended malwarebytes to pick up some of the slack . 
  mse is recommended a lot because it does n't come with any bloat like mostly other avs do . 
  mse is strictly an av . 
  no av will completely protect you . 
  you have to have some good browsing habits as well . 
  which is weird . 
  in the spanish speaking world , christ is `` cristo '', 
  i know , but she is probably in the mindset of white , blue-eyed , blonde , completely non-middle eastern , republican , jeezus !, 
  i tend to recommend mse on reddit , because i assume a lot of people here have at least some knowledge about computers like they would do their smart phones . 
  but if i knew the person was n't so computer savvy , i would recommend something else , hence the other av recommendations . 
  i would recommend people have malwarebytes anyway because it is so awesome . 
  avast sucks when you do do n't do the custom installs because it comes with so much crap . 
  i know because i actually use it now . 
  i only installed the av portion and unselected everything else . 
  haha !, 
  i just referenced it because a lot of conservative christians in the us see jesus as that . 
  there is actually a comic on this . 
  here it is . 
  while the video is quite humorous , the guy in the video is a piece of crap . 
  he is actually a preacher , and he preaches a lot of bullshit . 
  same here . 
  i disabled sounds and disabled the popups for updates . 
  that is what mse had right . 
  it updates silently in the background . 
  yeah , setting automatic scans at night or early morning is great . 
  do you also do extra stuff to protect them , like enabling click to play , removing java , and custom hosts files ? 
  well , if they are completely protected , they do n't get to pay you anymore , or do they pay you at all ? 
  but they should heed your advice , and not be careless , because it is their info and credentials at risk , not yours . 
  at work , usually politics is in play . 
  some of the higher ups like the bosses do not want modern systems because of cost cuts and the it has to suffer because of it . 
  i guess the it sometimes is lazy and do n't always do their jobs , but still , using stuff like ie8 in this day and age is irresponsible . 
  it does n't have to be her , but there could be generally annoying famous people there to boost ratings . 
  it is n't like this is restricted to the us . 
  some of the other british panel shows had annoying people on like jedward on 8 out of 10 cats . 
  that sucks . 
  i would start charging for it , especially if you have to do some work to fix the computers . 
  i mean , if you were a mechanic , would you do the same ?
