  edit : changed invents to invests . 
  well , they should invent money , so they can make money while they make money . 
  what would you say is the best attack vector ? 
  plugins like java , flash , quicktime , adobe reader , or malicious scripts that affect all browsers and common operating systems ? 
  i know that it is n't always the case that the man runs out , but i was thinking about dumber young-aged people who think a kid will fix things , when i wrote that comment . 
  usually teenage girls think that they can make their man be more faithful or whatever if she gets pregnant by him . 
  i have heard stories like this happen at my high school . 
  the inverse also happens . 
  a woman could be breaking up with a guy , and the guy could try to get her pregnant so that he would be forced to be involved with her . 
  i am subscribed to that subreddit , and i do see those stories . 
  i see both men and women who want to leave bad relationships and i always feel bad for the kids having to be in the middle . 
  they always are . 
  i swear that subreddit is ruining future relationships for me because i feel i might be in situations like that . 
  i know that this is one reason i do not want children , is because if things are n't 100 % in a relationship , bringing in kids would be a deadly mistake . 
  my parents are divorced , and it was my mom who ended up breaking up with my father for numerous reasons , so i know what some of those people in / r/relationships go through . 
  i would never want to subject my children through a bad relationship , especially divorce , because children always feel it was their fault mommy and daddy are n't together . 
  relationships do n't always become bitter near childbirth , or conception , usually it is when the child ( ren ) are old ( er ) , and both parents have been together for a while . 
  i can understand that shit happens , and divorces are the result of it . 
  i do however , hate it when things are bad in a relationship , and someone decides that bringing a child into this shitstorm will be a good idea . 
  like you said , it would be a bad thing on a list of already bad things in an unstable relationship . 
  they would probably add it into the title , that the post is nsfw . 
  the whole nsfw = spoiler thing is temporary and will go away after uhc is over . 
  that is my criticism of it as well . 
  it reinforces the `` us ( christians/americans ) vs them ( muslims/islamic countries ) '' attitude . 
  i do n't see the cross as uniting the people , rather a divider . 
  not all the people who died in 9/11 were christian . 
  there were atheists , muslims , sikhs and other religious and non religious people in that building . 
  also , it is a piece of fucking perpendicular beams , which is found in almost all modern buildings , so i do n't see what is religious about it . 
  it is like the moron who discovered the cross , which was more like a plus sign , in his goldfish cracker . 
  did n't baj once say he was half welsh ? 
  you have every goddamn right to criticize bad parents ( not that this necessarily means that she was a bad parent ) and bad children . 
  why would they be off limits ? 
  i mean , you can criticize bad pet owners who do n't clean up after them , or are horrible in other aspects , and you do n't need a pet to see that they are doing a bad job , so why would it be different for parents ? 
  are they scared you will hurt the parents feelings ? 
  your friend is wrong . 
  wow , they were married at 18 and 20 respectively . 
  usually young marriages do n't seem to last , but they beat the odds , and they did n't have children . 
  that is amazing . 
  the translation would be he did n't even put up his hands , and that he was assassinated/killed . 
  what is the point of this ? 
  does some israeli group want to offend christians ? 
  i mean , are n't the israelis hated everywhere but the us who is its biggest ally , and has a huge right wing christian backing ? 
  who is your favorite scientist , and why is it carl degrasse dawkins ? 
  do people really complain about minus.com ? 
  gifs load great for me . 
  thing is , not everything from `` add or remove programs '' from the control panel shows up on revo . 
  that is my only complaint about it . 
  it is a helluva program though . 
  he did quote the bible in class . 
  i guess it depends on how he quoted it . 
  if it was part of an assignment and the quote fit in to it , like say a book report or something and the book references the quote , then this is a particular case . 
  i 'm guessing it would 've been fine for him to say it . 
  if he used the quote in a preachy way , then it is a huge no-no . 
  i do n't know about the teacher giving the student the bible . 
  i mean the student did want to learn more and it seems the student was already religious , and he asked for the bible . 
  it does n't seem like the teacher was forcing religion on him or her , and it is this only student ( it seems ) . 
  i am guessing this is still wrong , because the teacher represents the state , and you know about the separation of state and religion . 
  i guess we will see how this plays out . 
  even the title is just awful, 
   a list of `` men 's rights '' issues that feminism is already working on, 
  okay ? 
  so men still ca n't fight for their own issues , even alongside feminists , or is that patriarchy as well ? 
  usually i just use a linux live cd and replace the files with that . 
  the point is you need permissions to change those files . 
  you ca n't just use your name , you have to use the admin account , or with the admin account you have to add your name ( even though you can do admin level tasks with it ) to the file permissions for explorerframe.dll . 
  doubt you will `` get to them '' so to say . 
  your parents have their mind made up and you have yours . 
  you have already told them you will not have children , but they keep on . 
  you can ignore it , heed their decision , or give them an ultimatum or something . 
  tell them you will not speak to them until they respect you and your spouses decision . 
  they may be your parents , but it is your marriage , and your life , not theirs . 
  if they want children , they can have another , or they can adopt . 
  this is if you are really ticked off at them and tired of the pressure . 
  easiest thing to do would be ignoring them . 
  [ relevant onion video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kphp1j5m93k ), 
  thing is people do n't care about the legal definition of murder , they see it is a the innocent death of a potential human life . 
  many people want to overturn roe v wade and make abortion illegal , and call it murder . 
  do n't do it if you are dependent on them in any aspect . 
  you can do it once you become independent . 
  you should n't worry too much after it , because many parents welcome their non believer sons , though on the other hand , many parents will disown their atheist children.if they think about disowning you , you can always point out to them the bible verse that says parents who disown their children are worse than the unbelievers ( aka they are worse christians than you are ) . 
  how did you go about starting the relationship ? 
  did you just be upfront or did it take you time to get the both on board ? 
  so why do n't you ? 
  if you are not in a relationship , what is the problem ? 
  you say you do n't want a relationship , or to essentially lead someone on , so why do n't you be upfront about it ? 
  find a nice girl and just tell her you want to have fun . 
  i think you just download all of them and save them to the same folder . 
  then you try to extract the first rar , and it should act as if the five files are one , and from there you will have the extracted image . 
  they should 've just gone with flash if they wanted to do drm . 
  that really sucks . 
  i do n't know about a failed suicide attempt , but his `` don '' character might die , and he will be reborn ( which death and rebirth was heavily symbolized in the first episode of the season ) as dick whitman . 
  donations ? 
  i mean i would donate a few bucks if it would help a fellow cfer . 
  this is a pr thing . 
  the cold war is over . 
  the space race is done . 
  no need to wave our nasa dick anymore . 
  the dick that is needed to be waved is the anti-terror one , thanks to 9/11 . 
  there is no huge public demand for space exploration or nasa funding anymore .
