  thankfully no one but the two shooters died in this situation , but my point is that wearing serious body armor when perpetrating crimes is not new . 
  maybe you should check out dropbox , or box.com . 
  if you would rather not switch to anything else , try encrypting your files with something like truecrypt . 
  i rarely hear my friends say yolo , i really only hear yolo on reddit when they complain about people saying yolo . 
  i 'm guessing this applies to the bible belt . 
  i do n't think people in europe care if you are atheist or not . 
  if god exists , i hope he has a good excuse for this weekly repost . 
  can you really be sure that they are malware free ? 
  i mean do n't a small minority of apps for the iphone and android based devices get removed because they contain malware ? 
  i do n't necessarily think that will be the case with the microsoft app store , but still . 
  well to be fair , most of his user base is on windows and not mac . 
  i think it could be something awesome , i think we have to wait til it comes out , if not , i am holding out until sp1 is released . 
  really , my only problem , so far , with windows 8 is the aesthetics just like you . 
  i used to be somewhat of a conspiracy theorist , but not anymore , but i am sure your friend will say that these studies are bought out by the pharmaceutical companies or are biased . 
  that is what some of the conspiracy theorists i know are saying . 
  they are kinda like guidos no ? 
  expect without the fake tans . 
  yep , youtube does it again . 
  recycling lame jokes over and over . 
  seriously , look at many famous rock songs and a variant of this joke will be the top comment . 
  [ link to video ] ( http://www.xvideos.com/video2503605/remytrailerfinal ) . 
  nsfw of course . 
  also is he truly looking straight , or is he looking at a slight angle and give the appearance that one ear sticks out further than the other . 
  there 's this one . 
  only photos that she took after she turned 18 . http://www.reddit.com/r/angievaronalegal, 
  i agree with this guy . 
  xubuntu is nice , and lightweight . 
  lubuntu is amazing and lightweight as well . 
  it kinda gives me a windows xp feel to it . 
  op , you should probably check out the [ mini iso ] ( https://help.ubuntu.com/community/installation/minimalcd ) and install the desktop enviornment you want , and the packages that you need for 12.04 or for 10.04 . 
  yes . 
  taco bell when i was real young . 
  their lame tacos gave me real bad food poisoning . 
  have n't been to one since . 
  also mcdonald 's big macs . 
  made me throw up in bed , and again when i took a shower to clean myself off . 
  i still eat their breakfast every now and then . 
  the last thing that comes to mind that i avoid is lunchables . 
  fuck you lunchables . 
  they made me throw up violently all night when i bought a pack during elementary . 
  i was going to bring them to school the next day , but i got hungry that night and ate it . 
  unoriginal pieces of shit . 
  faggots that do that that do n't have anything to contribute , should not say anything . 
  i would discourage using a provider that uses pptp since it is n't very secure and your real ip can be shown when using pptp over ipv6 . 
  go for a service that uses openvpn . 
  would disabling javascript help on sites like those ? 
  far right is richard dawkins , left of sagan is christopher hitchens . 
  i still do n't know who the middle is . 
  looks like joseph gordon levitt to me . 
  since neither is wheelchair accessible , where do they go ? 
  not only disown you , but kick you out and cut off all financial ties with you . 
  it seems like many people who tend to come out as atheist/agnostic are teenagers and young people , and they tend to live with their parents and that is their only source of money and the only place they can live in . 
  good luck getting a response . 
  i posted my thoughts on the whole chick fil a thing a couple of days ago and only got one reply . 
  it was an old friend who basically said he did n't know what bigot means and that he did n't read the rest of the post because the words were quote , `` too big '' . 
  and of course the person to who my status was indirectly pointed at , liked their comment . 
  linked to activist post and natural news , which are conspiracy theory websites . 
  what is your craziest school/college story and what is your craziest job story ? 
  do you feel any guilt about having the abortion ? 
   reddit here we come . 
  stop that shit already . 
  you act as if this is specific to reddit . 
  you see this shit everywhere on the internet . 
  youtube , 4chan , etc. 
  you even see this shit in real life . 
  what if you see blatant malware and fake anti-viruses ? 
  worst case would be if they have backdoors and keyloggers . 
  yeah but this is too easy . 
  why ca n't 4chan come up with something clever to piss off everyone ? 
  if they switch to xfce , does that mean a lighter distro by default ? 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  i must have misheard him . 
  i thought he printed them out himself and then sent it to be made into a pad . 
  here i was thinking , `` how in the hell has he not been arrested yet ? '', 
  well based on this thread and you having a mac , you could try out the already mentioned ubuntu and its desktop environment variants like ( lubuntu xubuntu , kubuntu etc ) or even linux mint ( lm is based on ubuntu as well ) . 
  i think the distro that resembles os x the most is elementary os ( again another ubuntu variant ) . 
  what these guys did n't mention is , if you want you could test it before you install it by creating a live cd/dvd or live usb by burning the isos to a disk and booting to that , or you could download virtualbox and install it into a virtual machine . 
  but dis you get tired of seeing the same movie over and over ? 
  and if you did , what did you do to pass the time ? 
  he must have a lot of extensions and pages that are running flash !, 
  are you using the http version of google ? 
  if you are , try the https version or the encrypted version of google . 
  r/atheism really is like this video sometimes . 
  dallas is finally on the map !, 
  you have to remember a couple of things about r/atheism . 
  yes there is a lot of circlejerking in that thread , but so is the rest of reddit . 
  look at the comments and questions in r/askreddit , r/music , r/adviceanimals , r/pics basically most of the top subscribed sub-reddits have a lot of circlejerk . 
  also the majority of r/atheism are americans and religion is a huge deal here . 
  they are also mostly teenagers and young adults who feel that they ca n't to anyone about religion because of negative repercussions like ex-communication . 
  some of them need an outlet and r/atheism is that outlet . 
  of course some of them are anti-theist and not necessarily atheist again because of how religion is in the us . 
  we grow up here and just see how religion destroys many peoples lives . 
  i do n't think many europeans are anti-theist because christianity has n't had much influence in the last couple of years then again the increasing number of refugees from the middle east could change things . 
  i ca n't speak for the atheist trolls that go on r/islam or r/christianity and you really ca n't say that they are from r/atheism because there are trolls everywhere on the internet . 
  anyways , as much as the stuff that gets posted on r/atheism sucks , because most of them are shitty karma attempts , they planted the seed of doubt , and made me come out as atheist . 
  not very . 
  i stopped going to church with my mom and dad when i was around 8 and since then i was never religious . 
  i did pray to myself at times when things were bad , but i never prayed before i ate nor any other time . 
  i called myself a non-practicing christian and even then that was kind of pushing it . 
  i did n't agree with evolution and thought god made us all .
