  you could test out linux mint for a few months and if you feel like you could try out arch , then go for it . 
  just be sure to follow the wiki if you have any problems . 
  do you really expect people to have civil discussions on facebook about religion or politics without it turning into ad hominems and other fallacies ? 
  well , sometimes there are pretty good discussions , but most of the time someone takes offense to something someone says and it derails from there . 
  sure . 
  xfce is a lightweight desktop environment . 
  it is meant for lower spec computers , or for powerful computers if you want to use it . 
  [ cinnamon ] ( http://i.techrepublic.com.com/blogs/cinnamon-13.png ) and [ mate ] ( https://lh3.ggpht.com/-tmafat5ancc/tsz58vauyvi/aaaaaaaaagy/e8rysjlvm08/s1600/mate.png ) are based on gnome 3 . 
  [ gnome 3 ] ( http://i1-news.softpedia-static.com/images/extra/linux/large/gnome3tutorial-large_006.jpg ) requires more modern computers to run because it uses quite a bit of graphics power . 
  gnome 3 is pretty controversial at the moment , because many people do n't like it , and people feel it is harder to use than how [ gnome 2 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/22/gnome2.30.0.png ) was . 
  mate is a fork of gnome 2 because many people still want to use gnome 2 . 
  the support for gnome 2 ended a while back and mate was created to continue the gnome 2 desktop environment . 
  cinnamon was created because of the controversy . 
  it is kinda just visual stuff and effects . 
  all of them are just desktop environments . 
  you do n't even need a desktop environment , you could run linux entirely with commands , though this is usually how servers are run . 
  you should download the three desktop environments and put them on a flash drive and test them live without installing linux mint . 
  you can run linux off of ram . 
  xfce is the most lightweight and will run the best . 
  cinnamon may or may not run well depending on how old your computer is . 
  mate will probably run fine . 
  choose the one you like best . 
  alternatively , you can have install three . 
  you can change the desktop environment you want to use at the login screen once you install linux mint . 
  i am recommending the lts , because lts versions are usually for servers , and if you use a sts ( standard term support ) , you have to update your distro every 6 months . 
  with an lts version , you can hold off on updating the distro , but you still get security patches and the latest versions of programs like firefox . 
  you will probably not get some of the state of the art stuff with each new distro version , but i find it usually wo n't matter . 
  though that is me , you can get linux mint 14 if you want . 
  it really does n't matter . 
  you have access to the same programs and stuff using either linux mint 13 or linux mint 14 . 
  if all of this is confusing , sorry , i am not really good at explaining stuff . 
  mate is a fork of gnome 2 , so it will be everything that gnome 2 was . 
  i made an error above stating that it is gnome 3 based . 
  it is gnome 2 based . 
  cinnamon is alright . 
  i definitely like it better than vanilla gnome 3 . 
  i also like it better than unity , which is the default desktop environment for ubuntu . 
  true . 
  i think the only people who will port apps to it , will be certain consumers . 
  software developers like yourself will probably waste time porting or creating apps to a device that is locked down like the surface , and they might fix this , so the time wasted could be in vain . 
  this exploit does n't seem very huge to catch on , and it will only be used by niche users , unless someone finds a better exploit that can survive the rebooting . 
  not the webcam staring at me , but someone behind the webcam watching . 
  my paranoia began senior year in high school when we were issued laptops with webcams . 
  i had read around that time of [ some school who would activate the webcams when the students were at home , and some of those students were recorded undressing , sleeping and other things of the nature . 
  ] ( http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2010/04/webcamscanda/ ) reading that gave me the idea to put black tape over the webcam the whole year . 
  the laptops were alright , but the software was garbage . 
  the operating system was windows xp and the anti-virus software was really outdated . 
  students did n't have the sufficient rights to update any programs that were already installed nor to install major software . 
  that left many of us using old av definitions and the very vulnerable internet explorer versions 6 and 7 . 
  you could still install firefox though , but this was back around firefox version 3 . x. 
  that and chrome were n't as popular as it is today , at least not at my school . 
  you can guess that people would regularly get malware and would have to take it into the tech to get rid of it . 
  the most common malware i saw were fake antiviruses and nothing more serious . 
  i was the go to tech guy for my friends , and would remove them with ease whenever they were infected with the fake avs . 
  well , sometime later that year i saw the light on my school issued laptop webcam turn on . 
  i thought i had left skype running in the background , but it was n't running . 
  i opened up task manager , saw a suspicious . exe running from my user data folder , closed it , and did a quick check for any more dormant malware . 
  i did n't find anything else . 
  i was surprised , because 99 % of the malware that these laptops got were the fake avs and it was pretty obvious to see that you were infected . 
  this cheeky little bugger ran hidden in the background , and it activated the webcam . 
  that was way more sophisticated than what i usually saw . 
  luckily i had the tape over the camera so i doubt anything was recorded , other than maybe sound , that is , if the malware activated the microphone as well . 
  i am still pretty paranoid today and still have tape over my webcam when it is not in use . 
  neither . 
  i would agree with aj , but i do n't want to agree that he is being targeted because of who he is . 
  the tsa are generally horrible people to just about everyone . 
  he is n't important in the tsa 's eyes if they treat everyone like shit . 
  i think the tsa should have less power , and like many have said in this thread , i do n't want his name and ideas attached to criticism of the tsa . 
  it is n't due to the fact that it is a religious thing . 
  remember , we have been allies since at least the late 40 's and 1950 's . 
  religious fundamentalism was n't as big as it is today , at least with the politicians , so there were no `` god wants us to support israel '' bollocks . 
  israel is also the only westernized `` democracy '' in the middle east . 
  sure , we have bahrain , kuwait , qatar , saudi arabia and the uae , but it is more convenient for israel to be an ally to the us instead of say the soviet union . 
  they do keep some of the countries in check when they get too aggressive . 
  they won many of their wars due to their aggressive espionage . 
  they know what to target and why . 
  we like that , and we use it to our advantage . 
  they are kinda our proxy to the middle east . 
  there are other reasons why we are allies , but i am not that knowledgeable as to why we are allies , even after some of the stuff they have done to the us . 
  now today you do have the whole `` support israel '' bullshit . 
  some of it is due to religious ideas , but some of it is also due to any dissent is labeled `` antisemitism , '' and lets not forget that palestinians are semites as well . 
  nobody is labeled an antisemite for blasting palestinians . 
  it is hard for a politician to be critical of israel to hold office , in the way that it is difficult for an atheist , or any other religious individual to hold office . 
  as much i dislike them , why ? 
  why pick on them just because they are famous for their supposedly bad music ? 
  it is n't them , who make themselves popular , it is their fans who do . 
  surely there are better people to pick on , other than `` talentless '' music producers and people from reality tv shows . 
  the guy from the picture is a good example of who to shame . 
  people should n't attention whore themselves by exploiting other people 's misfortunes . 
  those `` 1 like = 1 respect '' are terrible people . 
  that , or advertising agencies . 
  try this . 
  it 's flipped , but it should be sufficient . 
  i read that computers do have an option to disable , and they might be in the bios , but not on arm devices like the surface . 
  microsoft arm devices can have mandatory secureboot . 
  if microsoft made it mandatory to have secureboot on at all times for x86/x64 pcs , they would 've gone to court , at least in europe for it being anti-competitive and for restricting what people can do with their computers . 
  you can read about it here . 
  i 'll throw in softpedia for everything . 
  filehippo is awesome , but it does n't have the amount of programs that softpedia has . 
  you seem miserable .
