  i would be glad to celebrate others birthdays though . 
  no mistake . 
  i ~ ~ uploaded ~ ~ posted it first , but since this was his ( or her ) video , i removed my link . 
  `` we did n't want to burn it ! '', 
  yet , they knowingly switched to tear gas that has a higher chance of starting fires . 
   mcmahon denied speculation that officers intentionally set the fire , saying officers first used traditional tear gas to flush the man out . 
  when that did n't work , they decided to use cs gas canisters , which are known in law enforcement parlance as incendiary tear gas . 
  these canisters , filled with more potent gas , have a significantly greater chance of starting a fire . 
  you have a rogue extension . 
  get rid of any suspicious extensions you did not remember installing . 
  if you 're so funny, 
  then why are you on your own tonight ? 
  and if you 're so clever, 
  then why are you on your own tonight ? 
  if you 're so very entertaining, 
  then why are you on your own tonight ? 
  if you 're so very good-looking, 
  why do you sleep alone tonight ? 
  or maybe the site uses html5 technology or other modern web technology that is not fully supported on ie9 compared to the latest versions of chrome or firefox , which may be a reason for the advice against using it . 
  might be recently made to look like it is from the 90s . 
  in the original thread on / r/videos , somebody brought out the fact that she says swag , which seems to be a recently popular word . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  yep , every now and then . 
  what i do is remove the slash at the very end of the url , and it works . 
  it might be a placebo though , so you ca n't expect this to work everytime . 
  this is why i love this subreddit . 
  what do you think about german ? 
  but were they citizens that attacked the ng crew , or the armed wing/security of the city ? 
  i think a good example would be the fights that andrea was repulsed by near the beginning of season 3 . 
  looks a bit like a old mugshot from the 1970s . 
  this is the atheist version according to christians . 
  they flipped the video post production so that daryl can look at merle 's direction . 
  there are a couple of threads about this over at / r/thewalkingdead . 
  it 's gikon . 
  here are two sets of her that i found . 
  she does n't already hate him for doing that shit and for constantly telling her that he is in love with your gf ? 
  come on man . 
  she should tell that fucker off , that she is with you an happy and that she is not interested in him . 
  what do you look forward to every day that you wake up ? 
   because eventual marriage is a requirement for me . 
  i 'm sorry to seem rude , but would you mind elaborating on what do you see you will get from marriage that you will not get if you are in , say a ltr ? 
  i mean other than legal rights granted by the government , at least in the us . 
  i am sort of anti-marriage , as i do n't really see it as a necessity to be happy and to want to spend the rest of my life with someone . 
  is it just the symbolic gesture that you enter a lifelong contract that you will love that person until death , or is it more than that ? 
  wow , that is a lot to keep in mind . 
  thanks for giving me your thoughts and opinions on it . 
  the pdf reader has been there since 15 , but it is now enabled by default in 19 . 
  kill all groups , because you ca n't legally kill one . 
  good job , idiots . 
  or a filtered / r/atheism , which is / r/atheismbot . 
  removes most of the bullshit that is posted here . 
  here is a liveleak mirror if the others do n't work for some reason . 
  thank you . 
  this did it . 
  probably the biggest reason to use lo/oo is support for newer file versions like . docx . 
  you should at least have libreoffice installed alongside office 2003 if you find out that you can not get rid of office 2003 . 
  libreoffice and open office are both open source and free , even thought this has already been mentioned numerous times . 
  the only thing you will sacrifice by installing lo/oo , is you lose a few megabytes to the install . 
  no reason to . 
  i only use internet explorer as fallback whenever chromium , firefox and opera refuse to work on some sites . 
  probably due to an extension or something , but i am too lazy to figure out which specific one or combinations cause problems . 
  for some reason i thought he was making a penis joke . 
  this only works if you have google as your default search engine and i think if you have instant search . 
  this one , oh boy . 
   being a mother is the achievement of all achievement for a woman . 
  no one has mentioned / r/atheismbot ? 
  it is a filtered / r/atheism that filters all the bullshit and leaves mostly news articles , yt videos and self posts . 
  great for anyone who dislikes the current state of / r/atheism , but do not want to miss out on self posts . 
  the wh responding ( voicing/reinforcing their opinions ) and doing something about it are two different things . 
  the wh petitions are pretty lousy . 
  we need to talk to our politicians and representatives to voice their opposition to that rule . 
  well , i hate that this happened to you , but if it happened to me , i would she rather break up with me and leave me , than to stay with me and cheat around with someone else , even though they feel similar . 
  at least she is giving you the best gift ever , the chance to not waste any more time with her , and to find someone better . 
  she is somewhat telling her that you are lacking something , or are not enough for her , and maybe you will be what someone else is looking for . 
  the hardest part to get over is the memories of her , and being with her . 
  i was really hoping he caught up to them and stole their car and drove away . 
  i do n't think there will be one . 
  ms is trying their best to decrease the amount of sps for their oses . 
  xp had three , vista has two , [ windows 7 will probably just have the one sp ] ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/10/24/no_windows_7_sp2/ ) . 
  also this is a huge pain in the ass . 
   windows 8 hibernates the kernel when you shut down . 
  this means any hardware changes before the next boot will result in data corruption and instability . 
   if you need to change anything hardware related , even if you 're just taking out the drive to transfer data temporarily , do a restart and power off the pc before windows loads , as this will force a cold boot . 
  ( you can also modify the power policy or use the command line to run a cold shut down , but restart is the easiest way . ), 
  [ from / u/pabloedvardo ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/comments/169rhb/must_have_software_for_windows_8_thats_not_on/c7u4gjn ), 
  why ? 
  all this talk about freedom and stuff , so they move to n korea ? 
  this seems like a bad idea for many reasons . 
  also , the us might be even more aggressive against them for being in bed with `` the commies '', 
  i really hope this is an onionesque joke . 
  these are also great :, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arkqy7h7zru ( mute the stupid music ), 
  pic to go along with the video http://i.imgur.com/574y5az.jpg, 
  more :, 
  try revo uninstaller and do a full scan when you go to uninstall . 
  it does n't matter if the uninstaller fails , it will still scan and list any files associated with the toolbar , and from there you can delete them all . 
  it also seems weird that she `` wants to get even '' . 
  i mean , what the shit ? 
  seems like a shitty thing to do to someone you love and seems really immature . 
  if she really loved the guy , she would n't ask for something like this , because like you said , it was before the relationship .
