  i do n't think it would be a good idea to do it since people who never had money do n't know how to handle it and would go right back to being poor . 
  it also would pretty much kill our economy until another system is in place . 
  i do n't see an end to poverty until every single job is automated . 
  and even then ... we are born being greedy . 
  someone will always have something better than the rest of us . 
  more money , nicer toys , better land . 
  people will find a way to trade things for better things and someone has to be on the short end of it . 
  zone also started a patreon recently, 
  i was living near a village called `` fuck mills '' ( fickm\u00fchlen ) in northern germany , lower saxony . 
  i know , it does n't make sense for lower saxony to be in the north , above actual saxony . 
  you might not see this but i still want to say it . 
  come to germany and start a new life . 
  every american who understands that trump was a mistake is welcome here in my book . 
  we 're not perfect and there are a lot of problems that we need to deal with , but at least our chancellor candidates are n't total idiots . 
  affordable health care is available to everyone and education does n't cost anything . 
  oh and no speed limit on the autobahn ( outside of cities ) , which is pretty nice . 
  so if shit hits the fan on your side of the planet , just remember that our doors are open . 
  bavaria can go fuck itself . 
  yeah yeah , oktoberfest and everything , but people in bavaria are kind of ... strange . 
  northern and western germany are very welcoming . 
  i do n't know what was wrong with that waiter but i can promise you that it 's not normal . 
  we are anti-american in terms of politics and your president is a joke , but we have nothing against you personally . 
  we have a small defense force because no one threatened us since ww2 . 
  what did the us defend us from in the last 70 years ? 
  edit : they did n't defend us from the ussr because they wanted to protect us but because it was in their own best interest to do so . 
  the ussr was a serious threat to the us back then and it would 've weakened them greatly if russia expanded further into europe . 
  how about someone who was n't a direct threat to the us ? 
  i knew the ussr would be the answer , but the us only did this because it was in their best interest to do so . 
  they needed to stop them here or else they would 've swallowed europe as a whole and that would pose a serious threat to the us . 
  check my edit, 
  check my edit, 
  the interest does matter . 
  they protected themselves from the ussr . 
  stopping them here was the logical solution . 
  europe would 've fallen into sowiet hands without the us and i am thankful that they kept them in check . 
  but that does n't change the fact that they protected themselves as much as us by doing so . 
  my question still stands though . 
  what are they protecting us from today ? 
  to have allies if someone were to threaten us . 
  the same as everyone . 
  gives the words `` stretch goal '' an interesting meaning . 
  electricity is n't the problem . 
  the way we produce electricity is . 
  thank you . 
  my gf broke up with me a month ago for some guy from finland although she does n't admit being in love with him ( it 's obvious ) . 
  we were together for a little over 4 years and she ended it without warning . 
  i felt like shit for about two weeks but now i am happier than i ever was before . 
  i still love her , but what 's the point in being sad and depressed all the time ? 
  i know what depression feels like and i sure as hell wo n't go back to that , so i just keep looking forward . 
  if she does n't want me , fine . 
  i will find another woman somewhere down the line and until then , i am happy on my own . 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  i feel so bad for every smart person living in the us right now . 
  germany has one of the largest economies in the world . 
  how can he possibly think that this was good move ? 
  i just do n't get it ? 
  as a german myself , i was always on the fence when it came to us politics and the decisions they made . 
  even more so since the syrian refugee crisis began after which obama said `` it 's a european problem '' . 
  well , we did n't start the shit down there now did we ? 
  i never liked the us but trump is just too much . 
  i ca n't handle him . 
  i actually hope that someone in the us sacrifices himself/herself and shoots trump in the head . 
  i do n't care who gets to be president after trump since it 's impossible to get worse . 
  i just know that if he stays in office for much longer , the next president will have a very hard time to get the us back on track . 
  i just want to add that i have nothing against the people living in the us . 
  i 'm sure most of you are great people . 
  it 's just your politics that suck . 
  great response . 
  i will consider your arguments and opinions in my future posts . 
  jupiter also emits a lot of radiation . 
  that + the insane speed of the winds + the pressure and the heat make it very unlikely that jupiter has any form of life on it or that any form of life from earth could survive there . 
  i did n't `` state that no life on earth could possibly be transplanted to jupiter '' . 
  i said it is highly unlikely , which it is . 
  i am no expert or even close to being an expert in this matter , but i do n't believe that life from earth can adapt fast enough to survive long enough on jupiter to make any significant impact . 
  if it were just the radiation i 'd be a lot less skeptical but it 's not just that . 
  the extreme differences in temperatures ( between earth and jupiter and on jupiter itself ) and the pressure make it even more unlikely for anything from here to survive . 
  i know that there is life at the bottom of our oceans and that the pressure down there is immense as well , but that is nothing compared to the pressure one would experience on jupiter . 
  i 'm happy to be proven wrong on this , but until then i 'll stay skeptical . 
  shit , i did that `` get burried '' thing and now i feel bad ... 
  time to unsub from this place . 
  how often are you planning on asking this exact same question ? 
  how old are you even ? 
  you lived through how many presidents ? 
  and how many were there ? 
  40 something ? 
  we get it , you want it to be trump and yes , he sucks so far . 
  still , i have n't seen you making any arguments as to why he is the worst president , other than `` he 's orange '' . 
  are you even involved in politics ? 
  do you actually care about this ? 
  has anything trump has done affected you personally ? 
  do you have anything to say about this topic other than `` trump sucks lmao give me internet points now xd '' ? 
  i 'm a european who could not be less involved in politics but i bet i still know more about the history and politics of the us than you do . 
  since you appear to be reasonable and i do n't personally know a reasonable vegan who does n't scream bloody murder in my face , would you mind if i ask you a question ? 
  why vegan and not vegetarian ? 
  is it because of animal cruelty ? 
  i heard that being a vegan is actually bad for your health , especially for children and to be honest , parents that force their child to follow a vegan diet and denying them breastmilk are batshit insane and should get locked up for good . 
  i do n't know if it 's bad for an adult , i 'm no doctor , but if it is , it 'd be just like smoking to me - a bad choice . 
  edit : jeez people , i even said that i was uneducated in this matter and i asked a genuine question . 
  downvoting me does n't help in educating me now does it ? 
  china is on the best way to becoming a world power though . . not an alt acc and not even american , but being on good terms with china is n't a bad idea for you guys .
