  just know that your dog will love you no matter what . 
  i thought beer in germany has to follow the reinheitsgebot to call itself beer ? 
  it that not true anymore ? 
  edit : instead of downvoting , an actual answer would 've been nice . 
  i do n't know how it works with the english language , but in some other languages you can seperate statements in a sentence with commas . 
  i 'm pretty sure my comma behind `` language '' is unnecessary as well , ( as is this one ) but i 'd put a comma there in german . 
  i checked the usersame first because i fell for this shit a few days ago , but you 're a genius . 
  german here . 
  i can be your friend if you want me to . 
  trump does n't want us to be , but he does n't need to know . 
  it could be our little secret . 
  he could at least try to pick a fight with someone he can actually win against . 
  we do n't hate all of you . 
  just the trumpsters . 
  you 're still cool . 
  sure thing . 
  just know that we germans are kind of direct when we talk to each other , which can come off as rude . 
  we do n't mean in that way , we just like to get to the point . 
  if you have better chances in germany you 're very welcome to come here and start your life . 
  despite what certain refugees think , we are a very welcoming nation . 
  especially when people at least try to learn our language . 
  also - affordable health care . 
  as long as you do n't start your own business , you wo n't even notice that you pay for it . 
  if you have any questions , just ask . 
  and if you really consider coming here and need help with any of the required paperwork i 'm sure i can help you with that to or at least point you in the right direction . 
  let us just hope it does n't take too long . 
  no worries , we 're not big on cheetos over here anyway . 
  it 's not something most of us germans want to do tbh . 
  we just kind of found ourselves to be in that position and now we just roll with it . 
  i 'd be happier if another country would do it though . 
  muslims are wearing white caps that reflect the sunlight to counter their efforts . 
  if you want to visit germany , bring cash . 
  a lot of places do n't accept credit cards and places that do accept them often have a rule where you have to buy stuff worth at least 5 to 10 euros to pay with credit card . 
  i am a 26 years old german who has lived in 3 large cities so far and i have never seen someone paying with a credit card . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries but if you have questions about germany , feel free to ask . 
  edit : it seems like other people from germany have had different experiences than i did as they are able to pay with credit cards almost everywhere . 
  just be aware that this is not true for all of germany . 
  while places like berlin or cologne should accept credit cards all over the place , smaller cities might not have this luxury . 
  edit2 : guys , i just said to bring some cash . 
  i did n't say leave your credit card at home . 
  yes , you can pay at a lot of places with credit card , but none of you can deny that there are also a lot of places where you ca n't . 
  my guess would be because of tips . 
  germans do n't tip except the service was good and if we do , we do it in cash . 
  i know that you can pay with debit almost everywhere , but that 's not the same for credit cards . 
  in supermarkets , sure , but if you want to buy somehting from a small shop around the corner you might not be so lucky . 
  german here . 
  i ca n't help you with learning german since i have no idea how to teach but if you have any other questions regarding germany , feel free to ask . 
  i 'm no expert but i 'm pretty sure you 're going to find good tea around here . 
  for me , the tea i can get at a supermarket is good enough but if you 're looking for something specific you might want to look for a tea shop or something like that . 
  it would surprise me if you were unable to find something you like . 
  we learn it in school but the older a person is , the less likely it becomes that they speak english . 
  there are people that refuse to speak english , mostly because they find it to difficult although they rarely admit it so the reason they give is `` i do n't need it '' . 
  but you will encounter many english speaking germans in every city here in germany . 
  i 'd go as far as saying that you can get around for quite a while without speaking german . 
  at least in the larger cities . 
  and if you want to avoid speaking german , move to paderborn or bielefeld as there are many british soldiers in that area so people are more used to speaking english . 
  none of us germans expect anyone to speak perfect german when they come to our country and we know that german can be a difficult language , but we really appreciate it if someone at least tries to learn it . 
  from what i understand after reading the article , it appears that the phytoplankton supports marine life and is only dangerous when large blooms happen frequently . 
   `` the may ramp-up in reflectivity in the black sea , with peak brightness in june , seems consistent with results from other years , '', 
  i believe this means `` we 're good '' . 
  edit : i know nothing about this topic . 
  if you have questions about this , please read the article . 
  it 's only 272 words . 
  if you want to know more about why this could be dangerous please read [ the wikipedia article for eutrophication ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eutrophication ), 
  all i know about this is from the article . 
   but large , frequent blooms can lead to eutrophication -- the loss of oxygen from the water -- and end up suffocating marine life . 
  eutrophication is the enrichment of a water body with nutrients . 
  this causes marine plant life and plankton to grow and could in fact result in oxygen depletion of the body of water . 
  from what i understand after a quick google search is that eutrophication is almost always caused by humans . 
  pumping sewage and fertilizers into another eco system seems to have negative effects . 
  who might have known ? 
  pluto is very far away from the sun and the sun is relatively small compared to the vast space between pluto and the sun but pluto is still orbiting around it . 
  same principle . 
  read up on something called `` hill sphere '' . 
  it 's the area in which an astronomical body is the main attractor for satellites . 
  if i read the article on wikipedia correctly , jupiters hill sphere has a radius of around 50 million kilometers . 
  that 's about 1/3 of the distance between earth and the sun . 
  jesus ... that is pretty large . 
  please downvote and correct me if i got something wrong . 
  i know you are already aware that dogs indeed have a sense of time , but i still want to tell you that my dog will flip his shit when i do n't take him out for a walk at pre-fucking-cisely 6 pm . 
  the strange thing about this is that he only does this when i am at home . 
  he does n't do this with anyone else in my family . 
  you ... you just put random words next to each other , did n't you ? 
  this sounds like the exact opposite of what germans learn about history . 
  i had 2 months about the middle ages , 1 month about the french revolution and 7 years about nothing but wwii and hitler . 
  why ? 
  we 're good at being fascists tho ... 
  jokes aside i 'd look at it more as a precaution and maybe a deterrent . 
  when you expect 8000 protesters that want to cause trouble you kind of have to take extreme measures . 
  if it helps to keep people from getting hurt , i 'm all for it . 
  but to be honest , hamburg is probably one of the worst cities to have the g20 in . 
  i 'm fairly certain it would n't have come to this if another city were chosen instead . 
  do you honestly believe that some people wake up in the morning and think to themselves `` i 'll take my dog up that mountain . 
  that will get me tons of upvotes '' ? 
  is n't it more reasonable to think that op regularly takes his/her dog on a hike and took that photo because it was a good opportunity and a great memory ? 
   we have a massive problem with police brutality and governmental repression in germany, 
  yeah , no , we do n't . 
  evidence or it did n't happen . 
  evidence of * unjustified * `` police brutality '' . 
   every , even remotely leftist , political activist can tell you a million stories about it .
