  wizard has nothing to do with it . 
  tbh every mmo costumer support does this from time to time depending on the gm you get . 
  maybe not every mmo , but a lot of the bigger ones . 
  it 's unfair for everyone involved , sure , but i never get salty about it . 
  i just try to feel `` happy '' for the guy who got lucky . 
  it shows that people in support are humans like us and once in a blue moon they do something like this out of kindness . 
  it 's still wrong but i rather have customer support with people who care than soulless machines . 
  and before someone thinks i got free stuff from gm 's : i never did because i never write tickets about lost/missed stuff . 
  warrior can do this with his ult as easy as a wizard , same goes for sorc , ranger one-shots basically everything ... 
  does n't matter if it 's easy to get out of it . 
  it 's easy not to get hit by a wiz ult since you can see it coming from a mile away . 
  and lol at `` everyone is geared in rbf '' . 
  there are plenty ungeared people in rbf . 
  there is a reason why the korea meta took a turn towards evasion builds . 
  first hit is all that matters after 240 ap . 
  this `` discussion '' is n't going anywhere though , so let 's both stop wasting our time . 
  if you want to have the last word on this , go ahead . 
  how are they burdening you ? 
  and i mean you personally . 
  edit : no response , huh ? 
  yeah , i thought so . 
  german shepherds are great dogs . 
  my sister has one and he is as friendly as any other dog , but once he is in `` guard mode '' you better do n't act like a threat or he will fuck you up big time . 
  they get really serious about their duties . 
  amazing guard dogs . 
  when he is n't guarding the house he behaves almost like my lab though and he is very friendly once he gets to know you . 
  we have mixed rooms for families in germany . 
  old man schlongs all over the place . 
  but it 's working . 
  witch was one of the strongest classes before awakenings came out ... 
  how about doing karanda yourself then ? 
  general goods npc . 
  they are new with the patch, 
  they restore less than mana potions and cost more silver for whatever reason . 
  oh well , at least people do n't have to spend hours to make herbal juice anymore . 
  except it was never as pay2win as he described it to be and they still added everything they wanted to add . 
  he did nothing and kakao listened to nobody . 
  you mean they were working with no information at all . 
  whomst 've ????? 
  the gms get a lot of shit from the bdo community , but they are doing a very good job and as long as you are nice to them , they are nice to you . 
  i have a tough time with my gf right now and this made me laugh my ass off . 
  thanks for that, 
  my girlfriend of 4 years and 60 days left me . 
  not all of it is disgusting . 
  she has some good stuff, 
  i and 90 % of my class mates got our cisco certification via looking up all the answers online . 
  this is correct . 
  naming it germoney would 've made no sense because germany is n't called germany in germany . 
  my mother died in 2012 . 
  i still dream about her at least once every week and it still hurts like hell when i wake up and realize that she is n't going to come back . 
  i do n't want the dreams to stop though , because i am able to talk to her and she answers me , even if it 's only in my dreams . 
  i miss her every day . 
  but i find comfort in the fact that she is still a part of my life . 
  i do n't believe in the afterlife but it feels like she is still with me to watch over me . 
  it does get easier after a while , but it never stops to hurt . 
  and to me , that 's a good thing . 
  poor agnes . 
  i hope she somehow escaped his last attack . 
  it 's off-putting for everyone . 
  i hate weebs because they pretty much ruined my hobby . 
  ca n't tell someone about me watching anime without them looking at me like i 'm a fucking retard . 
  i really liked to watch anime and to collect all sorts of merchandise . 
  but everytime someone asked me what i do in my spare time i felt like a piece of shit . 
  weebs make everyone who likes anime look like subhuman trash . 
  and the worst thing about it is that they come in all ages and shapes . 
  no matter what you do , you ca n't escape the fact that you 're labeled as one of them . 
  fuck everyone who wears a fucking naruto headband every-fucking-where they fucking go . 
  and fuck that sorry excuse of an anime for bringing the weeb trash to my country . 
  i know that the comment that i 'm replying to is already old by internet standards and that this will get burried , but if by any chance someone reads this and is a fucking weeb : you are dragging everyone down with you because you ca n't keep your autistic shit to yourself . 
  either change your shit or die from fucking cancer . 
  welcome in my world . 
  weebs ruined it for me . 
  `` what do you do in your free time ? '', 
  i hate that question . 
  i pretty much stopped watching anime . 
  i watched a lot of anime before the weeb culture hit arrived in germany . 
  now i watch maybe 1 per year ... 
  nothing can go faster than c . it has nothing to do with light other than light traveling at the speed of c under `` normal '' conditions . 
  c is the absolute speed limit of the universe . 
  this does n't change no matter what happens to light . 
  maybe the floors deep down in the facility are still used . 
  they could have abandoned some of the facility due to contamination, 
  `` weird things are happening and my neighbour was killed by a teenager , but i 'll still leave my basement every 12 hours for no good reason . 
  i 'll also continue to listen on the radio despite the fact that they 'll send someone over after they said `` someone on my street is listening to us and we ca n't allow that '' . 
  of course i 'll let the girl in and treat her like my bff even after she killed my neighbour who only attacked her because she broke into his house while looking like she broke out of a mental asylum . 
  oh and now i 'm going to kill every bad guy and become a hero . 
  that 's what every 12 year old ... 
  i mean that 's what every normal person would do . 
  we also get married next week and lizzy gave me her powers but something happened and now we are gods . '', 
  i wish it would have endet after part 1 . 
  it does n't matter while you 're being arrested tho . 
  nobody cares if you give your consent , you 'll get arrested either way . 
  one way is less painful than the other . 
  if you want to fight the arrest , do it after the fact . 
  yeah but that is because no one wanta to spend money to do something about it . 
  overpopulation wo n't be a thing for a long time . 
  we produce enough food to keep every human healthy , it 's just not distributed the right way . 
  there are plenty ressources on earth for all of us . 
  he is kind of right though . 
  poverty could stop tomorrow if we really wanted .
