when i was around 10 my mom and i were sitting in our garden . 
  she asked me to put sunscreen on her back . 
  she sat in front of me and i thought i would be funny and tickle her stomach from behind . 
  so i went for it , but since she bent forward to make it easier to apply the sunscreen , something else was where her stomach was supposed to be . 
  long story short : i grabbed my mothers breasts , began the tickling motion and did n't realize what the fuck i was doing until she told me . 
  we never spoke of it again . 
  i still ca n't think about it without serious cringing . 
  as someone from germany i had no clue this would be illegal in different countries . 
  as a german i have to say that it is far from `` one '' anecdote . 
  i 've seen shit like this since my early childhood . 
  it is n't a new problem by any means . 
  my granny gifted me a value pack of empty cassete tapes when i was around 7 or 8 . 
  i pretended to be happy about it and said i love to record my favorite music when it 's on the radio ( yes , this is how we pirated music back then ) . 
  after i said that she was surprised because she thought there would be alf episodes on them . 
  i do n't know about you guys but here in germany we had cassettes with the audio of alf episodes on them and they were the best thing ever . 
  she was rather dissapointed with herself for not noticing earlier . 
  i actually did record music with them and i did get my fair amount of enjoyment out of them . 
  it was n't a bad gift because i did n't like them . 
  it was because i accidentally made her feel bad about it . 
  this happened at least 18 years ago and she died 2 years ago but i still feel really bad about it when i think about it . 
  because it 's a shit console . 
  also because hg has a contract with sony and not with microsoft . 
  misunderstanding - ninja sex party . 
  the original is from genesis iirc . 
  a single game on fast speed with some of my friends can take up to 18 hours . 
  you better have nothing else to do on the weekend if you plan to open up civ again . 
  how do i do this as a german ? 
  if i enter my online-id it says that it ca n't be found within their system and i ca n't for the love of me find a german support chat , if there even exists one . 
  i 'll have to try tomorrow then since they do n't work on sundays . 
  i will comment again with the results . 
  the solar system moves through the galaxy at amazing speed , right ? 
  so if a space shuttle would boost in the opposite direction of that movement , would n't that mean that it actually `` hits the breaks '' ? 
  if so , does leaving the solar system take longer if we move in the same direction as the solar system ? 
  ah shit , of course ... have n't had much sleep ... 
  this is what i have gathered for germany :, 
  you do n't get a refund . 
  they said that their hands a bound due to different laws in the eu and they do n't have clearence from sony to issue refunds . 
  they said that we have to contact hello games and ask them to `` offer a technical solution '' to our complaints ( i.e. 
  implementing the features that we were promised ) . 
  if they ca n't offer anything within reason , send sony an email with the ticket number from your correspondence with hello games and state the problem again . 
  they might be able to help you after you 've done that . 
  i 'm trying to contact hello games now and will update when i have something new . 
  edit : got this as an automated response . 
  it does n't look like me getting an answer anytime soon , does it ? 
   `` we are a very small team , so unfortunately we wo n't be able to reply to general messages here but we 'll try and respond to all urgent queries as quickly as we can . '', 
  i got basically the same answer from a guy on the phone . 
  i live in germany and sony eu does n't have clearance to refund the game yet . 
  i contacted hello games and will hopefully get an answer . 
  seeing their automated answer however , i would n't get my hopes up . 
   `` we are a very small team , so unfortunately we wo n't be able to reply to general messages here but we 'll try and respond to all urgent queries as quickly as we can . '', 
  edit : formatting, 
  the health system of the us is pretty much the most fucked up thing i 've ever seen in a first world country . 
  i know , i know , you want your freedom and the vocal minority of sovereign citizens will shout some bullshit about ` murica ' at this , but damn , contribute to a shared health insurance like other countries do . 
  germany even has laws that prohibit you from not having health insurance and while this has put me in some financial trouble i still appreciate it greatly . 
  i have to pay them 2000 $ because i could n't afford health insurance for almost a year but that is nothing compared to what i would have to pay if i did not have health insurance and need to go to the hospital . 
  edit : spelling, 
  a forum would be realky great for content creators to talk to each other . 
  youtube makes it close to impossible to approach someone else for feedback or tips on how to improve on something . 
  that is what i loved about newgrounds back in the day . 
  content creators helping each other out to create content of much higher quality . 
  i would n't call myself an expert on this and my guess is as good as anyones but i think youtube just had a larger audience to begin with . 
  newgrounds was also always more of a niche product so keeping an audience is a lot harder . 
  youtube has more variety in content so it attracts more people than a site that focuses on one type of content . 
  youtube is quantity while newgrounds is quality , but people today are n't concerned with how well made something is as long as they feel entertained so quantity wins . 
  also , money . 
  but considering how shitty animators are treated by youtube nowadays you guys should have a decent shot at winning them over . 
  sorry for my shit english . 
  it 's not my first language . 
  one of you guys looked it up without the comma , one without the period and the comma and one with the whole sentence intact . 
  that is why you come up with different results . 
  i do n't think it 's this easy , is it ? 
  there was a mod for japanese voices a few months ago which does n't work anymore . 
  the creator said something about additional encryption of some files ... 
  i 'll try to find it real quick . 
   update : mod no longer works with latest version of the game due to additional encryption to game files . 
  i removed download links as the mod only causes a crash as you try to apply it . 
   the mod does n't work with the latest version of the korean version . 
  i expect english version to break the mod soon too ( it could be as early as next week 's patch ) . 
  i 'll try to fix it , but i 'm not sure if it 'll be feasible . 
  there is another comment in which he states that he does n't think he will be able to fix it . 
  some other person in that thread who seems to have provided the japanese voice pack, 
  [ this should be the voice pack ] ( https://mega.nz/#!mnmqwd7k!aj6tryavtyzkqz-hah4ahbjc4tebglp70nmeel3dp8e ) . 
  i did n't download it to check though , so proceed with caution . 
  [ this is the thread i was talking about ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/4a55qv/englishjapanesekorean_voices_swap_mod/ ), 
  edit : provided link to the thread, 
  you would n't need to kill them if you were able to outgrind them . 
  got oneshot by a warrior last night . 
  i do n't even want to talk about sorc . 
  i have a couple of guild mates who did it that way and they do n't understand jack shit about the game . 
  i would n't recommend grinding your way up to 50 + just to be 50 + . 
  get there when you feel like you 're ready for it . 
  to give a better example : one of my guildies grinded his way up to 53 on his first day because his friends told him so . 
  almost no quests done so no inv space , about 4 contribution points and iirc 36 energy . 
  he does n't even like the class he chose so he started all over . 
  i do n't play ninja , but one of my friends does . 
  he says ninja is great fun but takes some time to get used to . 
  i 'd say it 's probably one of the more difficult classes to master . 
  edit because i forgot something :, 
  he kicks my ass in pvp . 
  he has better gear than i have , but not by much and i 'm just looking for an excuse tbh .
