  i 'm on a witch and will wreck him if i can get him stunned , but he so fast that it 's actually difficult for me to get a hit in before he stands behind me . 
  not for pvp , no . 
  bronze dagger in pvp , steel dagger in pve . 
  i fought alongside a warrior yesterday against 2 other guys that were way ahead of us in terms of gear . 
  we did almost no damage to them while they pretty much obliterated us . 
  the warrior killed both of them with his ultimate . 
  he was on my side and i still did n't like it . 
  they were better equipped and more skilled and deserved to win , but they did n't because i stunned them and the warrior one-shot them . 
  no skill involved . 
  if they hit you first , you can hit back without flagging . 
  you do n't lose karma if you do n't flag . 
  if they do n't hit you and you still want to attack , you need to flag and will lose karma, 
  mana regen on blizzard , but that 's just a choice because i do n't use mana potions . 
  pvp boosts on lightning and either fireball or mma . 
  tamers can aggro twice as many mobs as any other class due to the heilang . 
  it 's sad that not many people play as tamer tbh because grinding alongside a capable tamer is so much faster / so much more effective than grinding alone . 
  magic lighthouse is a waste of skillpoints compared to pretty much every other skill witch/wizards have to offer imho . 
  it ca n't be controlled either iirc so heilang is still better because you can tell it to come back to you , bringing the mobs with him . 
  do tamers really have more/better ccs ? 
  i 've never played tamer so i would n't know but almost all the main skills of witch/wizards are aoe ccs . 
  if that 's how it is for you , you do n't have enough dp, 
  i 'm doing crescent every day and do n't need potions without magic lighthouse and they are the only mobs in the game i have serious problems with because of their cc . 
  so anyone who is n't enjoying your `` art '' is a troll then , huh ? 
  if you want to use lightning , you need to play as a witch . 
  witch gets lightning/earth skills and wizard gets fire/water . 
  awakenings are pretty much new and more powerful skilltrees with new weapons . 
  you ca n't choose which weapon you use other than the orbs shown in the video and your staff . 
  should 've written `` sbread '', 
  pirates has a nice solo spot all the way to the north , just left of the beach with the shipwrecks . 
  nobody ever goes there . 
  but i 'd also recommend the areas south of calpheon for candy . 
  catfish are the ones that do the trick for me . 
  edit : a typo . 
  gothic and gothic 2 . 
  the third one was meh and arcania can go ahead and die in a corner . 
  the german voiceover was perfect in every way . 
  about 95 % of the quests were very entertaining , the overall lore of the game is amazing , the music is fantastic and the combat , while difficult to learn imo , is actually pretty fair and challenging . 
  i played through the first one more often than i care to admit and i did at least 20 runs through the second one . 
  got a 1060 and have constant 60 fps except for world bosses like karanda because of too many people . 
  i have an i7 6700k 4.0 ghz , 16gb 2166mhz ram , the gtx 1060 and an ssd . 
  i play with all settings on max and have 60 fps in every city . 
  the only times i have less than 60 is at bosses or large scale pvp due to aoe visuals . 
  40 fps is the lowest i had since i got my new pc and that pretty much only happens at karanda . 
  are you using 2 monitors ? 
  playing on one screen and watching a video in fullscreen on the other might drop your fps as well . 
  `` we are actively pursuing our investigation , and players found utilizing this exploit or other similar instances will have action taken against their account . '', 
  this does n't have to mean `` ban '' . 
  could be just a rollback . 
  and since they rarely ban someone permanently my guess would be a 24-72 hour ban . 
  i 'm doing valencia as a witch at 208 dp without pots or any serious problems . 
  movement is the key . 
  but to answer your question : just tri your stuff . 
  money is an endless and easy to get ressource . 
  you can still sell the armor once you got your bossgear at a decent level . 
  you can hide workers since last patch, 
  i would switch to eu and start over . 
  8 hours is nothing . 
  if you stay on na and reach a high enough level to pvp at the more desirable grind spots and lose due to shitty ping you will regret staying . 
  better to have 8 hours wasted than 1-2 months . 
  if you would bother to format your text , people might bother to read it . 
  the german bundeskanzler can stay bundeskanzler as long as the people re-elect him ( or as of now , her ) . 
  it worked out so far . 
  you would n't be complaining if you were smart enough to do the same now would you ? 
  i only have characters on one server as well but i have only myself to blame for that . 
  we knew this would happen sooner or later . 
  your billion is our `` milliarde '' , after that comes billion , billiarde , trillion , trilliarde . 
  i do n't know about the rest of europe but that 's how it is in germany . 
  i never had a a problem with lgb . 
  t was difficult to understand as a child , but now they pretty much do n't interest me . 
  lgbt people in general do n't interest me because they simply do n't effect my life in any way . 
  they 're normal humans in my book ( even though transgenders sometimes go a bit overboard with their personality ) so i do n't care for them at all . 
  q on the other hand is a whole different chapter . 
  this is tumblr territory and i do n't agree with any of it . 
  to me this is just some new bullshit to get attention . 
  there are only 2 genders on this planet . 
  you 're either female or male . 
  this is n't something you get to have an opinion about . 
  if you have the organs of a woman , you are a woman . 
  i will refer to you as `` she '' and `` her '' and if you get offended by that you can go and eat a dick . 
  if you do n't feel like being a woman anymore , go to a doctor and change it . 
  i am willing to refer to you as a `` he '' after that . 
  do n't like either of those 2 genders or pronouns ? 
  i do n't care . 
  if i hear the word `` cisgender '' or `` genderfluid '' one more time i will punch a hole in the wall . 
  i actually had a group of those tumblr idiots throw bottles at me and my girlfriend for being together , calling me `` priviliged cis scum '' . 
  they were white kids . 
  in germany . 
  as if they had any serious problems in their lives other than not getting the car they wanted for christmas . 
  i punched two of them in the face . 
  they were around 7-10 years younger than i am ( 25 ) and i would do it again . 
  if you 're going to spew that shit at me and my girlfriend whilst throwing stuff at me , you 're in for a serious beating no matter how old and no matter what gender you are / you think you are . 
  if you want attention , do something productive/creative with your time . 
  create some cool art , be amazing at your job , whatever . 
  do n't go around and insult people for being hetero like it 's a choice . 
  edit : a word, 
  there are no dungeons like wow has them, 
  none . 
  the main focus of the game is pvp and that 's where most of the endgame content is . 
  pve is pretty much limited to grinding and life skills, 
  reset the node to 0 .
