  it would surprise me if that would n't be the case with mounts . 
  if we attack , more people are saved than if nk attacks . 
  if nk attacks , they attack with everything they have at once . 
  pretty bad situation for sk . 
  if we attack first it 's still a bad situation for sk , but if we could erase some of the artillery before they can fire , fewer people die . 
  it 's a bad situation either way but i strongly believe that having nk strike first is the worst option available . 
  i have n't done many fractals since they had their `` makeover '' because i took a rather long break . 
  stacking in fractals was pretty much the only thing you ever did . 
  the trash mobs + champ in the mai trin fractal ? 
  stack on the rock to the right . 
  stack behind the rock in front of the ( old ) mob spawn and after the drill is done , stack behind the rocks on the left . 
  i ca n't remember where we used to stack at the start of the volcano fractal , but i 'm pretty sure some rock was involved . 
  oh and cliffside of course . 
  stack in front of the second seal and behind the pillar on the left side of the corridor at the third seal ( s ) . 
  and do n't forget about that wooden post in mossmans boos room where everyone and their mother was standing on because he was unable to reach you while you could do all the damage you wanted to . 
  this was n't fixed until about half a year after hot came out . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like fractals and i always did , but it took a long time for them to be the way they are right now . 
  i 'd say dungeons deserve the same treatment . 
  that is a very shitty response from whoever that gm is . 
  a friend of mine had this exact same issue , contacted support and got is account back with a roll-back to the day before his password was changed by the goldseller . 
  no hassle whatsoever and resolved in less than 4 hours . 
  i hope you got a different gm this time around . 
  you are being downvoted , but what you say is 100 % true . 
  the system we have right now might not be the best , but it does work better than what we had before . 
  party leader abuse was much more common than merge trolling . 
  looking at german and french history it 's pretty much a miracle that we are n't at war right now . 
  i ca n't give you a gold/hour estimate since i actually do n't look at the time while doing sw , but 3-4 riba maps give you something between 30-50 gold if you salvage and sell everything . 
  sell exotics if they are worth more than 1g . 
  i know that 30-50 is not very accurate , but it is highly dependent on how many events you tag , how many chests you open and how well the map does in general . 
  i had a lot of riab maps instead of riba maps in the last 2 days . 
  that alone is enough to cut into your profit quite a bit . 
  it 's the rotation you do it in . 
  riba = red , indigo , blue , amber . 
  that is how you clear the forts and that is how you rotate after clearing them to tag every event to get max loot . 
  riab happens when people do n't know what they are doing or when trolls decide to fuck with your map . 
  they clear red , indigo , amber , blue . 
  it puts the events out of order which means you have to zig zag around the map to tag every event . 
  which costs time so you 'll miss out on some events and bandit chests . 
  username will never check out . 
  boobs are always relevant . 
  it was more of a joke than anything tbh . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph58d52a8c9e5ff ), 
  i have n't heard about words per minute before coming to this post . 
  characters per minute is much more common where i 'm from . 
  germany . 
  everytime i had to take a test on typing speed it was always measured in cpm . 
  both in school and when applying for a job that had to do with typing . 
  i have never played guitar hero in my life and yet i am somehow still too busy with guitar hero to have the time to join isis . 
  i actually had serious trouble playing bloodborne the first time around , because the spiders near the end of the game are nightmare fuel . 
  i can stomach them now , but they still give me the chills when i have to stare at them for too long . 
  despite that i 'd still welcome a spider mount . 
  gw2 's graphics are n't too realistic and the spiders we have do n't really look like spiders irl . 
  what is that scene from ? 
  would you happen to know what scene it is exactly ? 
  all of the life forms on our planet are made of the same elements . 
  it 's impossible for me to communicate with a tree . 
  the same is true for most animals . 
  it 's already difficult to communicate with all of humanity because we speak different languages and we are the same species . 
  if it is already this difficult to communicate with life forms on earth which are made of the same things that we are , it 's not far fetched to assume communication with beings made from completely different elements is near impossible . 
  clicking once is zero clicks . 
  okay . 
  german chancellors can serve for as long as they are re-elected . 
  she is n't the first one to stay in office for 16 years , helmut kohl also had 4 terms from 1982 to 1998 , so this is n't unheard of . 
  it 's no surprise that she won either . 
  yes , she gets a lot of shit for the refugee stuff , but all in all she has been a pretty decent chancellor in the last 12 years . 
  and we ca n't really blame her for the refugee crisis . 
  are our borders a little too open ? 
  yes . 
  should she do something about it ? 
  also yes . 
  she is n't the one responsible for the creation of the crisis though , the us is , but somehow no one feels like that matters . 
  and i am saying this as someone who does n't even support her or the cdu . 
   asks if op knows any vegans, 
   gets told that , yes indeed , op knows vegans, 
   op 's experience does n't matter, 
  well , let 's hope i get lucky . 
  and i ca n't for the love of me remember the name of it . 
  it was an rpg . 
  i think the game started on an island where you find a small ... monster . 
  i ca n't remember the reason , but you 're looking after it . 
  the character itself is some sort of knight iirc . 
  on the island is a mountain in which some sort of bird resides ... or was it a dragon ? 
  i ca n't remember . 
  it 's the first really tough enemy though . 
  there is not much else i can remember . 
  i think you get a boat later on and go to different smaller islands . 
  i know this is very little info and i do n't even know if this is the correct subreddit for it , but maybe there is someone here who can point me in the right direction . 
  [ removed ], 
  you can buy them now . 
  [ shitty pic taken with phone ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nbe3frw.jpg ), 
  i have n't played in a while . 
  what are they ? 
  i have no idea how to start this but it is going to be long . 
  i guess i will just start at the beginning . 
  here are some basic facts about me : i am a 26 year old german male . 
  i had a better childhood than a lot of people for sure , but looking back it still sucked . 
  because of that , i was lazy in school and did n't bother with giving my best . 
  i fucked up and i have only myself to blame for that . 
  fast forward to 2009 . 
  i realized that my life ca n't go on like it has been so i went to school again .
