  i was one of the `` remotely leftist '' activists when i was younger . 
  it was more like going through a phase for me than anything else tbh . 
  i did n't believe in anything back then and was looking for something i could be a part of . 
  but i met a lot of people who were very strongly leaning left during that time . 
  there was this one guy i remember particularly well . 
  sasha , somewhat around 20 years old at that time and most people we interacted with looked up to him . 
  big anarchy symbol on the bag of his worn out coat , all cool looking and charismatic . 
  he broke into many abandoned and not-so-abandoned train wagons for i do n't know what reasons , insulted everyone who would n't give him money and used violence at every opportunity . 
  and everytime he got in trouble with the police he cursed at them because somehow they were at fault . 
  yeah , of course they were . 
  i guess they made him beat that 14 year old to a pulp for saying `` wasch dich du zecke '' . 
  they also made him break into that empty apartment 2 streets behind the train station in bremerhaven . 
  and he was the idol of a lot of people ... 
  you say it 's especially bad when it comes to public protest , even though everyone has the basic right to protest as long as it 's peaceful . 
  saying that you want to cause trouble does n't seem peaceful to me . 
  do n't do stupid shit and you wo n't get involved with the police . 
  it is as easy as that . 
  oh and your comment just below this one ? 
  bulle . 
  you do n't actually believe the world would be a better place without someone to enforce the law , do you ? 
  living in anarchy will result in utter chaos , because that 's just how humans are . 
  without the police you would take away the consequence to your actions . 
  i could just go ahead and rob a place or commit murder without the fear of going to prison after . 
  and i sure as hell would . 
  well , not the murder part but robbing a place ? 
  without consequences ? 
  easy money . 
  a lot of people would do the same . 
  the fact that we have a police alone prevents a whole lot of crimes . 
  why do n't just live the centrist way of life ? 
  take the good things from both sides and leave the bad stuff behind . 
  violence does n't get you anywhere anymore . 
  both , the right and the left need to learn that peaceful protests are where it 's at in germany . 
  that is the one thing i do n't understand about it either . 
  i mean , hamburg is a wonderful city and all ... but do n't do shit like this in hamburg . 
  i ca n't think of a worse german city to do this in . 
  `` amazing '' is n't the word i 'd use for that . 
   you where most definitely not a political activist in any meaningful sense of the word . 
  i know and i basically said the same thing . 
  i only brought it up to show how i got involved with leftists for the sake of my anecdote , which you skipped but that 's fine . 
  and again , you did n't bring any evidence to your claims . 
  you said `` there are videos '' . 
  that 's not a valid argument . 
   i 'd argue that almost every exzessive use of forces against a protester , from someone as armored as those policemen are , is unjustifiable . 
  do you remember the incident in paris where a protester threw a molotov at a policeman ? 
  how should our force react to something like that ? 
  i 'd rather they prevent it from happening in the first place . 
  finding the balance between doing enough and doing so much that it interferes with our freedom is something smarter people than me have to figure out . 
  a quote from the photographer who took that infamous photo of the guy burning alive :, 
   he was screaming , the officers around him were screaming , the scene was as horrific as you imagine it . 
  `` he was a human being being burned alive in front of me , '' says abdelkafi . 
  `` and the demonstrators , they did n't care . 
  they kept throwing things at the police . '', 
  what is the correct response to things like that ? 
  to things like that happening in a country that is right next to us ? 
  what do we do about this ? 
  just wait until it happens here ? 
  or do we at least take some precautions ? 
  this is a genuine question by the way , since i sure as hell would n't know how to react to this if i were in a position to make such decisions . 
   the very fact that they use terms like `` schutzbewaffnung '' is evident of a state trying to uphold its monopoly on the use of force . 
  and depending on how it 's used i think that is a good thing . 
  i do n't want people to lose their eyes of course but i also do n't want people to burn up . 
  do you want the right to use force in any given situation ? 
  i mean , you already have that right if it 's in self defence . 
  giving anyone the right to use force will always result in bad things happening . 
  it always has and it always will , because someone will abuse that power . 
  and taking that right from everyone can only be enforced by , well , the use of force . 
  and again , it will be abused . 
  what is the alternative to this ? 
  not to use force in the first place of course , but looking at our history and how the world looks like today ... 
  i just do n't think that 's an option . 
   i 've also never claimed that it 's my goal to cause trouble . 
  i never said you as an individual want to cause trouble . 
   the problem , as i see it , is your fundamental misunderstanding of the anarchic world view . 
  i do n't think there is a misunderstanding on my part . 
  it 's more the fact that i ca n't express myself well enough in english to get my point across . 
  but i agree with you about it being a fruitless endeavour . 
  i 'm sure there is nothing you or i could say about this topic that has n't been said before . 
  we both appear to have fundamentally different views of the country we live in . 
  maybe i am wrong , maybe you are . 
  maybe both of us are wrong . 
  but we wo n't change our views today , regardless of what the other says . 
   and i will call her out on bullshit i see her doing , but will also defend her in a discussion when i see fit . 
  this is the best way to approach politics anyway . 
  good to see people like you still exist . 
   mr erdogan castigated germany for the ban , accusing the government of `` nazi-style '' behaviour . 
  i agree . 
  if they vote for erdogan they should live with erdogan . 
  germans are easy to please when it comes to immigration . 
  as long as immigrants * honestly * try to integrate themselves into german society , they are more than welcome to stay . 
  we do n't really care what color your skin is or what country you came from . 
  although you might get some rough / borderline racist jokes thrown your way but that 's just how germans are , at least where i am from . 
  am german as well and it was n't legal . 
  we had civil unions which are not the same . 
  i feel the same way about cats except the heavy part . 
  i 've never met a cat in my life that did n't feel like bones and fur . 
  i 'm always afraid that i could break them . 
  but i 'm allergic to cats anyway so thankfully i do n't have to face my fears all that often . 
  my grandmother had a cat , my ex-girlfriend had a cat and we took care of our neighbours cat when they went on holiday . 
  all pretty much just bones and fur .
