  my guild tested this shit for about 4 weeks with 5 people doing crescents with a level 10 , level 7 and level 0 nodes and s rank . 
  no rings and almost no scrolls with the level 10 and level 7 node . 
  as soon as they reset the node to 0 , both of these drops went up like crazy . 
  i know the devs said something about level 10 nodes being better for rare drops , but after a whole lot of testing on a whole bunch of nodes it appears to me that this shit is bugged beyond reason . 
  not op but a witch :, 
  movement . 
  slow them down with lightning skills and use your teleport to keep them at a distance . 
  if they get close to you , do n't teleport away , teleport through them . 
  this way they need to look for you / turn the camera around which gives you enough time to knock them down with your fireball and use that window to cast your blizzard . 
  i do have trouble with sorcs if they outgear me , but they are not impossible to beat . 
  i have 60 frames at any given time . 
  maybe you should stop playing on a toaster . 
  you are correct, 
  as someone who played gw2 before bdo i would n't exactly call it a theme park . 
  it does n't show you it 's attractions on its own . 
  i had to look up a whole lot of stuff to understand how this game works at first . 
  gif stands for `` graphics interchange format '' so your pronounciation is correct . 
  it 's literally the first option when you click on settings . 
  you sure as hell did n't look for it before bothering the internet with your stupid question . 
  now get your lazy ass out of here . 
  yes !, 
  autocollection of idle boats . 
  i 've waited for this for so long . 
  i look more forward to this than to my awakening . 
  velia will actually look decent again . 
  jordine guilds wo n't have an easy time after the merge . 
  i do n't know about croxus but alustin has some strong guilds . 
  we 'll get to see some good action either way . 
  i hate zerkers and their ability to carry me around for what feels like an eternity . 
  a fast class dashing through our lines to kill me is fine . 
  i just have to wait until i can respawn . 
  a zerker grabbing me to carry me all over the place for 64642636035906 hours and then killing me results in me being unable to fight for much longer than just dying . 
  so ... zerker seems like a solid choice to me . 
  u.n. owen did n't originate from touhou ... 
  ^ this . 
  rent a fence or two or get addicted and rent 10 , plant something that either sells or something you need . 
  you 'll be drowning in weeds . 
  i do n't get how you can talk about `` immersion breaking '' and then ask for connected storages . 
  if i put something in a chest and it magically appears in another chest in a different town does n't that break the immersion as well ? 
  that germans are n't ruled by hitler anymore . 
  i grind with the mindset of doing it for silver , not xp . 
  i also disable the xp bar every day before i start grinding so i do n't look at it after every mob pack . 
  it feels less tedious to me that way . 
  armor stones sell at max the second they hit the market . 
  at least prior to the new event , so you actually fucked yourself . 
  good job . 
  when i was 16 my mother wanted me to make scratch on the car of our neighbours because they always parked their car in a way that made it impossible for my dad to drive up on our driveway . 
  she said that i should leave for the weekend and make a fuss about it . 
  i went to visit a friend , waited till 1 am ( all the streetlights go out at 1 am ) and made a very big scratch on the side of their car . 
  and by big i mean from the front to the back . 
  i have n't seen their car parked in the street since then . 
  it sounds like a dick move and i guess we should 've just asked them not to park their car in the street , but boy oh boy did they deserve it . 
  i 'm a guy but it 's not really a big secret why girls do n't like `` nice guys '' . 
  the nice guys i 've met so far are either absolutely self absorbed or are n't nice at all . 
  all i ever hear them say is `` why do girls hate me so much ? 
  i 'm such a nice guy ! '', 
  whilst tipping the fedora that covers their greasy hair . 
  i 'm sorry to break it to those guys , but if `` being nice '' and self-pity is all you got going for you , you 're shit out of luck . 
  being nice to your girlfriend is not something that should be admired . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  be interesting , be funny , be smart . 
  you do n't even have to be beautiful or pretty . 
  i 'm fat and ugly af and my relationship has lasted almost 4 years now and we 're still going strong . 
  edit : stating my gender and grammar . 
  this is the only thing that makes me flag up . 
  doing a quest ? 
  grinding with daily xp buff ? 
  just say so and i 'll leave . 
  `` spot taken '' just pisses me off somehow . 
  it makes people sound like entitled children . 
  you 're making a very valid point . 
  i have to agree with everything you said . 
  they give 30 % bonus xp for ... an hour ? 
  i ca n't remember . 
  it 's not bad if you have the ap to grind in pila ku jail . 
  not complaining or anything , i do n't even afk fish so i do n't really care but is it really fun to kill afk players ? 
  they do n't even fight back and if they are afk you might have to wait for hours to get any salt from them . 
  i think it was mentioned that they intend to rework valencia and make it more profitable to lure people away from sausans and pirates ( which is necessary imo ) but that could take months as far as we know . 
  can it also be done in rbf ? 
  i am very happy about this . 
  the awakening was amazing already , i ca n't imagine what it will be like with the added damage and the teleport . 
  please tell that to the idiots on the forums who complain about wizard being too weak after awakening . 
  woohoo i got it . 
  and i thought bad rng in marni 's lab screwed me over . 
  the server for a korean mmo is right next to all sorts of asian food places with a korean bbq just down the street . 
  i think not . 
  the q block is decent tbh . 
  i use it whenever a warrior uses his utlimate . 
  it does a pretty good job at keeping me alive . 
  sorcs and musas can tear it apart in 2 seconds though . 
  ogre ring for me, 
  if there are hundreds of other people trying to get loot and only the top 80 get some your duo liverto is n't enough . 
  it makes you look like a child though, 
  he changed the names for safety reasons, 
  she is sleeping next to me right now . 
  4 years and still going strong . 
  you 're in the desert . 
  if you kill someone in the desert you get that symbol . 
  it lasts for 30 minutes iirc and you go to prison if you get killed during that time . 
  with 256 ap you one-shot everything no matter what class you 're playing .
