  `` we wo n't be '' is n't a valid argument btw . 
  i 'm sorry , i guess i did n't really make it clear what i meant . 
  i personally know `` vegans '' who do n't breastfeed , because `` it 's not vegan '' . 
  and it 's not just one family either . 
  they are a group of people that i know through a friend who is no longer a friend because of said group . 
  i should have made that clear . 
  they are probably just nutjobs and the exception , but they left an impression on me and since their only response to my questions were insults , i did n't really have the chance to educate myself and honestly did n't really care much after that . 
  and i do n't believe that eating plants is unhealthy , but i was taught that eating nothing but plants is unhealthy for humans . 
  as i said , i am no doctor or anything so i ca n't really be sure what is true . 
  i do n't agree that eating plants is much healther than `` a lump of meat '' though . 
  humans are omnivores , we are n't made to be exclusively vegan . 
  i always believed that a balanced diet is the best way to stay healthy . 
  and to adress cow milk : it 's just delicious . 
  i ca n't drink it though . 
  i 'm allergic to it . 
  well , not to the milk , but to something in the milk ( not lactose . 
  some other thing that i do n't know the english word for ) . 
  but a cold glass of milk ? 
  i 'd give a lot to be able to drink it again once in a while . 
  i tried different types of milk and i just do n't like them . 
  i hope i do n't come across as anti-vegan . 
  i people want to be vegan , go for it . 
  same as religion to me , really . 
  as long as people do n't do n't shove it down my throat i do n't care what they do with their lives and what choices they make . 
  i 'm just curious about the reasons behind it . 
  is it the one that 's just over an hour long ? 
  good thing i do n't have any plans this evening . 
  i 'll watch it later today . 
  i will look up more sources on this . 
  ca n't hurt to be at least informed about it . 
  i 'm always trying to learn something new . 
  and sorry if i made it sound like veganism is a religion . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  it was more like a `` if you do it without making me do the same , it 's fine '' kind of thing . 
  i really need to learn to get my points across in a better way ... 
  the us is also pretty big on fast food and fat . 
  and as i said in another comment , i think that a balanced diet is the healthiest option . 
  that was a really helpful response . 
  thank you for that . 
  i ca n't consume eggs and milk due to allergies , although eggs are n't as bad for me as milk ( milk damn near kills me , eggs are okay in small quantities ) and if i need them for a recipe i try to buy the ethical ones ( it 's called freilandhaltung where i 'm from ... well , who knows how ehtical that really is ) but who knows if what is written on the box is true . 
  i would drink milk if i could though . 
  i really , really miss the taste . 
  if i ever find something that tastes similar to cow milk and does n't kill me i 'll become the happiest man on earth . 
  i 'm a fan of meat though . 
  not every day , but once in a while . 
  i bought from local butchers for a long time , but i moved to the city last year and money is an issue right now , so i ca n't really afford to do that anymore . 
  so now i do n't know where the meat i 'm using is coming from . 
  regarding the american diet , i do n't know what went wrong with that and how or why it got so bad , but it 's not as bad over here in germany . 
  i could eat some more fruits , but i 'm pretty good on vegetables . 
  i ca n't even remember the last time i cooked something without at least 2 different vegetables . 
  we 're not eating sausages and sauerkraut all day long . 
   as an `` extreme '' diet , it tends to attract extreme people . 
  that sums up my problem with veganism tbh . 
  the loud guys who preach all day long about how superior their choices are compared to mine . 
  hard to see the good sides about it when all you hear is constant hate . 
  i 'm not a good person by any means and i could do much better in life if i were to give it my all , but i 'm not a bad person for enjoying the taste of meat either . 
   i strongly believe that the child should be allowed to choose, 
  is that also true while it 's still living in your house ? 
  i know you already said otherwise , but if he made a conscious choice ? 
  if john was , lets say , 14 years old and wants to make himself something with meat in it , would you allow it ? 
  so , asking people to support good journalism so that it can continue to be good journalism is bad why exactly ? 
  same reason why you do n't suddenly stop moving when you 're jumping on a train . 
  when you 're standing in a train that moves at 100 mph , you also move at 100 mph . 
  so when you jump , and thus are no longer connected to the train , you still move at 100 mph . 
  this is very noticable when the train stops . 
  while the train comes to a halt , you have to stop yourself from falling over , because while the train and you were moving at the same speed , you do n't accelerate / deccelerate at the same rate . 
  so if the earth were to stop rotating all of a sudden , the hot air balloon would still be traveling in the same direction and at the same speed the earth was going , until it slows down on it 's own . 
  that plus what gama3 said . 
  i ca n't understand the hype about her . 
  she has an okay body , but her face ? 
  i just do n't think she is even close to being pretty . 
  you should see how they found shia labeoufs flag . 
  nasa does n't do color . 
  the bitrate is bad enough as is . 
  color images are too big to send them this far . 
  i honestly have no idea what the `` bad port '' people are talking about . 
  i bought the game on steam about 2 weeks ago , played for 60 hours in 4 days and have yet to encounter a single `` game breaking bug '' or any bug for that matter . 
  they do n't hate the nation . 
  they hate their leader . 
  he is a part of the nation but he is n't the only person involved in shit over there . 
  you constantly have to make agreements with people you dislike to get something you want or need . 
  that 's just how it works . 
  i do n't like the guy that owns most of our local stores but i still need to buy food . 
  he does n't want the information , he wants a source to a claim . 
  if you go around basing your arguments on assumptions because `` it 's safe to say '' you 're entering dangerous territory . 
  to stick something that vibrates in there for more pleasure . 
  after i did endings a to e i finished every sidequest and basically got everything up to 100 % completion . 
  i have 78 hours in the game now . 
  i had some bad luck with rng so if you get lucky you can reduce that by quite a bit . 
  but for someone who never played the game before and if you want to do everything then i 'd say 60 to 70 hours is a fair statement . 
  if not and you only want to get to the main endings you 'll get about 40-50 hours out of it . 
  and now that i have truly finished the game , i 'll start a new game and do it all over again . 
  you are a lifesaver , you do know that , right ? 
  we take good care of our lab/retriever but he aged alot in the last 12 months . 
  he 's about 8 years old now . 
  that dog is very handsome . 
  my dog is n't half as old and does n't even come close to looking that young despite us taking very good care of him . 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  it 's always hard to make a decision like that . 
  you should do what your heart tells you .
