  right now , my idea looks like this :, 
   code : select all, 
  f ( x ) = 20 - 10 * e ^ ( - x * 0.015 ), 
   with this formula , all users start out with 10 levels , and the cap grows until with over 200 likes , you get up to 20 levels . 
  i can tweak the values like the growth rate and such to adjust to different score levels . 
  the nature of the formula is a limited exponential growth function . 
  as you can see , they are planning on implementing features to increase the upload cap . 
  you can create as many levels as you want right now , you just ca n't upload them all at once . 
   the ability to save your progress in levels for large metroidvania levels, 
  do you mean checkpoints ? 
  because those are in the game already . 
  while i really started to disklike him over the past two years , he does make some very good points about level design . 
  you can disable the slide in the same menu you disable the charge shot . 
  for me it is . 
  the sooner that nerve shattering scream leaves the store/my life , the better . 
  when your hard drive is full , you ca n't download any more stages . 
  other than that , no . 
  jesus fucking christ , did you come up with this brilliant idea yourself or did you take a look at the 40 other comments on here that suggested exactly the same . 
  idea . 
  or maybe you got it from the forums where it pops up at least twice a day ? 
  you think wreckingprograms took the hint already ? 
  maybe suggest it more frequently , just to make sure . 
   entire page, 
  it 's literally 2 comments down from yours . 
  and 2 after that . 
  and 3 after that . 
  sort newest . 
  it does n't change over time, 
  i told everyone in my life to either stop saying `` gesundheit '' at all , or to say it only once because i 'm not going to say `` danke '' every single time and it annoys the fuck out of me . 
  old thread but whatever . 
  people wishing me a happy birthday . 
  i hate that shit and i always have . 
  i did exactly nothing to come into this world , why would people congratulate me on that ? 
  ( it 's herzlichen gl\u00fcckwunsch in german , which means congratulation as if i had something to do with it ) . 
  i told all my friends to stop doing that about 10 years ago and i tend to not tell anyone else when my birthday is . 
  if it ca n't be avoided , i immediately ask people to not congratulate me when my birthday comes around . 
  i also dislike getting presents on my birthday or christmas . 
  if you want to get me a present , please , feel free to do so on any day of the year . 
  but do n't do it because it 's my birthday and you somehow feel obliged to get me something . 
  my feelings towards you wo n't change if i do n't get a present from you . 
  you can simply download a level , go into the editor , save it and it 'll change the creator to whoever saved it last . 
  i 'd expect this to happen quite often as long as it is possible to change the creator of a level that easy . 
  that 's because you are an idiot . 
  it 's actually this one, 
  i think it 's about not knowing that you have to slide to progress when you come from the left side so it looks like a dead end . 
  you do n't change `` your settings '' by sorting newest . 
  you change how the thread is sorted . 
  and it 's a one time thing . 
  you do n't change it forever . 
  it 's completely natural to actually read what suggestions have already been made before suggesting your own stuff . 
  at least to me it is , but then again , i have some common sense left in me . 
  so now i am arrogant because i actually took the time to read through all the suggestions before posting stupid shit that was posted many times already ? 
  well excuse me then . 
  i did n't know we changed the way arrogance works . 
  edit : why did you bother to answer to this anyway ? 
  what did you expect would come from this ? 
  `` i 'll call him mr high horse , that 's sure to teach him a lesson '' . 
  no , that 's what you think of me . 
  believing that you are able to speak for `` people '' is much more arrogant than anything i 've said up to this point . 
  i also never said anything about me being perfect or that i never make mistakes . 
  if you could stop being the white knight that you are , that 'd be great . 
  i wo n't answer to anything from you anymore . 
  feel free to have the last word , i do n't care . 
  i can edit my posts too , you know ? 
  you do know that there is a little star showing up next to your post that tells other people it was edited , right ? 
  the word `` will '' was n't there before the edit , but nice try . 
  it scares me that this is normal for some people . 
  it makes me appreciate living where i do much more . 
  she wo n't appreciate carpal tunnel syndrome . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  i smashed a window and called the police this summer because of shit like this . 
  did n't even get in trouble for smashing the window because the dog was in immediate danger . 
  is n't this a good thing ? 
  because it sounds like they do n't waste much if you take the population into consideration . 
  i obviously did n't mean wasting food in general . 
  reddit has n't changed any of my views and i do n't believe it will . 
  i have switched to not vote anymore , because as it is right now it does n't matter who i vote for , nothing will change . 
  there are 2 parties in my country that are capable of actually winning any meaningful election . 
  does n't matter which one wins , life wo n't change around here . 
  well , as long as extremists do n't get a shot at winning , but i do n't think that will happen any time soon . 
  edit : inb4 people telling me `` if more people think like you , extremists will start winning '' . 
  you 're trying way too hard to sound smart here . 
  you know exactly what he meant with his question . 
  no ghosts and such but something along the lines of [ this creepy robot that i hated as a child ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rly-awdcomi ), 
  i 'm glad i 'm in the other half . 
  i 'm actually one that asks `` why do n't `` we '' strike first ? '' . 
  the argument then is that a lot of south koreans would most likely die due to artillery and whatnot . 
  but that will also happen when ( not if ) nk strikes first . 
  it 's not like they 're going to shoot a nuke at whatever country and just leave it at that . 
  fat kid kim is going to empty his artillery on sk no matter what . 
  sk should evacuate seoul asap . 
  `` you ca n't evacuate a city that large without nk noticing . '', 
  well , should 've thought about that before he got nukes , should n't you ? 
  i know this sounds very uninformed and that 's because it is , but to me it 's common sense that if the rest of the world does n't strike first , a lot more people will die . 
  as long as kim lives , war is 100 % certain to happen sooner or later . 
   i was just going to start shoulder checking every motherfucker that refused to move to one side . 
  this is me when i 'm in the grocery store . 
  and if people leave their shopping cart in the middle of the isle ? 
  yeah , i 'm gon na crash into that shit with my cart and call you out for it . 
  you can glide with level 1 .
