  no we do n't . 
  i do n't know what his friend was talking about . 
  time to get a new sister . 
   they do n't get that the reason you ca n't really question it is because ( unlike superstition or religion ) it has already been questioned and re-tested hundreds or thousands of times . 
  well , you can question it . 
  in fact , science encourages you to question it . 
  and it 's a good thing that we do , because how else would we prove anything ? 
  it 's not that they ca n't question it . 
  they just do n't want to be wrong . 
  getting someone to admit to * themselves * that they are wrong is very difficult but that is precisely what they need to do in order to change their ways . 
  you 'd be surprised what certain parents would do to get money from the government . 
   and anyways , the multi-billion dollar pharma companies that make these vaccines do n't really have any interest in a healthy american populous . 
  this does n't have to do with anything and why bring up america when this is about france ? 
   we might want to fix our mind-numbingly corrupt governments and societies before we go about legalizing forced medication by corporations . 
  again , what does that have to do with anything ? 
   i have a right to die from measles if i want to . 
  sure , go right ahead . 
  make sure to quarantine yourself somewhere with no human contact whatsoever so you do n't harm others . 
  while you might have the right to die from measles ( which i highly doubt btw . ), 
  you certainly do not have the right to endanger others by doing so . 
  and despite you saying that you do n't endanger anyone with it , you do in fact pose a health risk to others by not getting vaccinated . 
   well , i heard that the people protesting g20 mainly destroyed ` luxury-cars ', 
  they did n't . 
  i 've seen plenty of footage of shitty cars burning up . 
  would n't the core be considered the surface then ? 
  is this was happened to you ? 
  if it is , it seems to happen every time the player * enters * the screen at the same time as the enemies , but only when you enter the screen from the top . 
  you can see this when i fall through the door at the top . 
  note how it does n't happen when i enter from the right which is pretty strange on its own . 
  i assume it has to do with * when * the enemy enters the screen as you can fix this if you allow vertical screens to scroll ( but please do n't . 
  vertical scrolling sucks . ) . 
  this does n't happen with every enemy in the game , which is even stranger . 
  ben k ( spear spinning guy ) for example does n't `` disappear '' . 
  i have n't tested it with any other enemy yet so i can only say that this happenes with crystal joes . 
  edit : the video makes it seem like the door would be the issue . 
  it is n't . 
  i 've tested this with and without doors and the result was the same . 
  it took me a few hours to make this . 
  i have n't touched a mega man game in years , so do n't expect to much . 
  feel free to tell me what i could do better . 
  because we ( germans ) did n't forbid the turks from entering our country . 
  we warned against going to turkey . 
  please tell me more about how my country is unsafe . 
  what part of germany is dangerous again ? 
  i simply pointed out that your comparison does n't work because they are two different things . 
  one is banning certain people from entering your country and the other is advising against traveling to another country . 
  one prohibits people from doing something , the other does n't . 
  i did n't ignore anything by the way . 
  you make it seem like i said something bad about trump , when i obviously did not . 
  i did n't even mention him . 
  i also did not disagree with you on the muslim ban . 
  do n't interpret more into my sentences than i actually wrote , please . 
   how about the part where the muslim migrants riot in the streets ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  i ca n't remember any riot in my lifetime besides the shitshow at the g20 . 
  the only other thing i can find is an article called `` muslims riot in germany '' with a video showing store signs in french and cars with french plates , so i 'm not so sure about the `` in germany '' part . 
   or the part where the innocent white people are minding their own business and muslim migrants run over them with trucks ? 
  oh also the part where women get raped en masse for being in public ? 
  these were horrible things , yes . 
  but do n't try to make it sound like this happens every day . 
  it does n't . 
  judging from you posting in t_d i assume you to be an american . 
  i can assure you that germany is in every way , shape or form a safer place to live in than the us is . 
  the probability to become the victim of a crime is far greater in the us than it is in germany . 
  how about you get your murder rates down to a more acceptable level before you try to tell other countries `` it 's dangerous to be there '' . 
  according to [ this wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate#by_country ) your murder rate alone is almost 6 times higher than ours . 
  i do n't blame you for your oppinion though . 
  i blame your media . 
  if the only thing you hear about germany is terrorism every now and then it 's no surprise you think it 's dangerous here . 
  believe me when i say it is n't . 
  edit : i just found this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:riots_and_civil_disorder_in_germany, 
  so i was wrong about there not being riots in my lifetime . 
  if i were to include the g20 , there would be 4 riots , none of which included muslims . 
  the first 2 were actually xenophobic riots . 
  other than that there was pretty much only blockupy . 
  oh and may 1st if you really want to count that . 
  it 's more of tradition by now to be honest and it usually involves extremists from both the left and the right beating each other to a pulp . 
  go to the level browsing screen before you look for random levels . 
  that usually fixes the issue for me . 
  i 'd like to not have this . 
  locking content behind things like plays on a level or upvotes is just plain stupid , especially when you look at how the level browsing works . 
  new levels are n't on the list long enough to actually get enough people to play them . 
  achievements are fine , but do n't lock content behind them . 
  they plan to do exactly this . 
  as you have never played a mega man game before and glovetheglove1 mentioned everything else :, 
  do not make the screen scroll vertically . 
  the camera moves with mega man and tries to keep him in the center of the screen at all times . 
  it fucks with enemy spawns , player movement , projectiles and you might get stuck in a block because of it . 
  vertical scrolling is cancer . 
  the only case i can think of that would profit from vertical scrolling is when you are on a platform that moves up and you have to avoid obstacles like spikes . 
  other than that , do n't use it . 
  edit : oh and i do n't mean do n't build levels that go up or down . 
  just do n't make the screen scroll vertically with the player but rather let the screen scroll when the player exits the screen . 
  this also allows the player to see obstacles in a room before he has to react to them . 
  this is very important if you want to create rooms in which the player has to fall down between spikes and change directions while falling for example . 
  edit2 : i do n't really get why i 'm being downvoted . 
  everything i said is 100 % true , but if people really want to play cancer levels , go ahead . 
  the second i see the screen scroll vertically , i 'm exiting the level and hit the downvote button . 
  quote from the database/server manager, 
   i will look about implementing a user-score based system to determine the level cap .
