  did they encounter racism , prejudice or just a just fear ? 
  or were they received with open arms or both ? 
  edit : if you have a cousin from syria did you also come from there and how did you end up in germany ? 
  if iam too curious dont answer :p, 
  i would completly agree with that . 
  thats my stance , too . 
  therefore : common border guard and common asylum system wich includes deportations of illegitimate refugees . 
  another point would be how many we should take per year so that we have time to integrate ( as much as we need to help them our own countries and our social peace is important ) . 
  but as you can see above these people are syrians and i would consider them real refugees and because of that i wish them a good future here or back in syria if the war ends . 
  you are no longer of corrupt or lazy !, 
  welcome cyprus my nordic hardworking and tax paying brother , 
  so , are you interested in a common border guard ? 
  the paper doesnt confirm anything . 
  its says more or less that they dont know and the courts have to decide . 
  edit : `` it comes to the conclusion that greece had any right to claim the repayment of the enforced loan in 1990 when the reunification of germany was sealed with the two-plus-four treaty of paris . 
  and that this right has not been abolished neither that it was a subject to `` time limitation '' , as the german government insists . '', 
  thats completly wrong . 
  its says : that they cant evalute the claim in this paper . 
  a court must be heard to be sure . 
  so we are as smart as before . 
  but i think they would lose in court . 
  here , have an upvote !, 
  i have once read an article that china is not a nation state but a civilazation sate . 
  like rome was or the western world is now . 
  ha , found the article if you are interested : http://www.martinjacques.com/articles/civilization-state-versus-nation-state-2/, 
  russia looks more impressive one the left map :p ps : nobody in europe is a southerner . 
  were all peoples of the north . 
  :p edit : this means esti can into nordic !, 
  you know what would be positive about an is attack on europe ? 
  nothing unites better than a common enemy :p edit : / s, 
  the good thing is that you are our allies  . 
  our attitude towards the future . 
  sometimes you have to take risks even if it means failure in the end . 
  i have the feeling that too much germans think about playing it safe and miss a lot of opportunities for their personal and professional life . 
  on the other side i really admire the americans with their optimisitc view towards life . 
  i think thats one of the reasons that makes the us so strong . 
  yep . 
  you have to compare how much people can live in a country/area . 
  how much water , habitable land and then you would see that a lot of these countries would look much smaller than europe . # edit : some wikipedia link for you : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/land_use_statistics_by_country just look at habitable land in percent and you will see a lot of european countries under the best . 
  if you look at this data you will understand how nice and precious our europe is . 
  its not just the spd . 
  the cdu ist the same . 
  for a healthy democracy you need healthy debate , different views . 
  even hard political fights . 
  just look at political debates in the 70s or 80s in germany . 
  today they would call such debates populist . 
  but i think thats what people need and long for . 
  different ideas , ideologies and fights for whats is right and wrong for the future of our countries . 
  not this mud of spdcdugreens we have today . 
  they differ in nuances but not in the fundemental questions . 
  just look how they voted towards the bailout packages . 
  i expect lively discussions in such important question and not this . 
  the linke is diffrent but i dont trust them because of their foreign policy , their past and contacts with russia . 
  but i think they are important to our democracy . 
  the same with the afd . 
  these parties will force mainstream politics to change if they dont want to lose voters . 
  edit : btw . 
  i think this `` everythink is nice and cosy and well '' together with `` nothing will change '' if i vote different is the reason for the low turnout and political disinterest . 
  the reason for this is that you receive welfare as asylum seeker . 
  and if it takes some month to process your case it means housing , money , healthcare for some months ( at least in germany , thats why so many skip italy and greece for the richter norhtern european welfare states ) . 
  so europe needs some common approach to this problem . 
  i know . 
  its a fucked up situation and i have no idea how to solve it . 
  the creators of the euro have fucked us over and i mean all of us ( eurozone countries ) . 
  and as far as i know these are only the numbers for syrians . 
  we also have a lot of afghans , iraqies , eritreans , somalies etc. 
  these people enter europe through turkey or italy . 
  so i hope that nobody says anymore that germany sends everyone back to italy or greece/turkey . 
  its just not true . 
  you have to understand that in germany every illegal immigrant will claim asylum even if he has no chance . 
  that means in germany around 50-70 % of asylum seekers get declined but this people stay because we cant deport them . 
  so we have a big surge in illegal immigrants . 
  asylum seeker doesnt mean they will receive it . 
  its the same in other eu countries . 
  its different than in the us . 
  so asylum seeker data says alot about migrant flows in europe . 
  edit : denied asylum = illegal immigrant if not deported . 
  i hope you understand now . 
  for this to happen you need a political union ( federal governement ) that can enforce tax collection ( in greece for example ) and other things that is needed for a transfer union . 
  therefore you would need a majority in the eurozone states not just a in absolute terms but in each and every one . 
  and i dont think this is realistic in the current politcial climate between eurozone countries . 
  this is the main reason for the current approach . 
  because if you force germany or other countries into financial transfers a german syriza will happen and i have the fear it would be a right wing syriza . 
  i hope they have a good time or good life here . 
  i think a lot of them would like to return but if i look at syria i dont think it will happen in the next years . 
  edit : after you have read their stories you will understand why europe needs a common border guard and asylum system . 
  of course . 
  you will improve the english proficiency of germany by 50 % !, 
  you can always move to germany . 
  my speciality : here is some data from 2013 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24636868 http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/dec/02/sweden-oecds-highest-per-capita-asylum-seekers-syria since then the numbers are rising . 
  we had 200k in 2014 and we expect 300k till the end of the year . 
  as you can see none of the countries that take most are in the south . 
  and if you know that most asylum seekers come from outside europe and germany/sweden dont have border with a non european countries or the mediterranean you know that we take a lot that come from italy or turkey/greece/bulgaria . 
  that doesnt mean there shouldnt be a common border guard an common asylum system but its completely wrong that we dont share the burden with italy and greece . 
  btw . 
  germany declines 50-70 % of asylum seekers but we cant deport them because they just throw away their papers . 
  thats means of the 200k last year a lot were illegal immigrants . 
  every illegal claims asylum in germany because he gets welfare even if hes declined but cant be deported . 
  last year we had more asylum seekers than france , italy and great britain together . 
  so we do our part .
