  furthermore the countries that need most help at the moment in europe are the eastern europeans who are already increasing their military budget . 
  some of them helped you in iraq like poland . 
  its unfair if you put countries like germany who really need to spend more in the same category as poland or the baltic states . 
  as long as the european union has 28 different militarys you shouldnt use the term europe to describe all of them . 
  and finally the safety or europe directly affects the us . 
  the us doesnt help the europeans just because they like us so much . 
  just look at the strategic importance of the us military bases in europe . 
  yep , we fail again in standing together to protect our borders and our interests . 
  we need : 1 . 
  common border guard with money and people from all shengen states . 
  that includes working together to deport illegal immigrants . 
  common asylum system where all shengen states share the burden according to their population and economic strength . 
  we have such a system within germany . 
  we surely need a common european border guard . 
  but this will not solve the problem . 
  as long as legitimate refugees arrive in europe more than five countries have to take them in . 
  for example : if the italians would send all of the refugees back or let them drown what would be left of the human rights that members of the eu so often praise ? 
  but we really really need to send everyone that has no chance of asylum back . 
  if we dont do that more and more will come . 
  and it that regard we fail at the moment . 
  edit : greece does enough . 
  but there are others that dont . 
  edit2 : at the moment illegal immigrats make 50-70 % of asylum seekers in germany . 
  that means we also have 50-70 % illegals from those that arrive . 
  ( 50 % -70 % get declined but cant be deportet , same situation as in greece ), 
  we have the same problem with sending them back in germany . 
  at the moment nearly nobody is sent back from here to their country of origin . 
  also if the cost of housing them is higher than the border control why should we pay even more ? 
  shouldnt countries that do much less for example great britain or some eastern europeans do more ? 
  at moment five countries take 70 % of migrants . 
  source : http://ecre.org/component/content/article/70-weekly-bulletin-articles/651-eurostat-five-countries-received-70-of-all-asylum-applications-registered-in-the-eu-in-2013.html, 
  most of our refugees come per land trough italy . 
  my comment is not against a common border control but the myth that we dont share the burden . 
  most refugees in germany dont come from europe . 
  germany has no borders with non european statets . 
  how do you think we got 200k refguees last year if all southern countries stop the migrants from traveling . 
  btw . 
  you should not count the people that arrive . 
  you should count the people that stay . 
  and in case of italy most dont stay . 
  in 2013 germany had 123k asylum claims while italy had only 28k . 
  so where do you think the rest of the people that arrived in italy had gone ? 
  this myth that the north doesnt share the burden is bullshit . 
  in nearly every interview with syrians , eritreans etc. 
  they talk how they arrived from italy or from turkey trough greece . 
  did you know that the cost of housing all these people costs much more than the border security of italy or greece ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-24583286 edit : another article : `` sweden wants rest of eu to share refugee burden '' sweden is in the south isnt it ? 
  it was a reference to charlemagne and the carolingian empire which is called frankenreich in german . 
  while modern france is called frankreich . 
  we can always supply you with our newest broomstick creation : der feuerblitz 2015, 
  the heart of the union, 
  it was a response to the referendum . 
  i dont think referendums will solve this problem . 
  iam a pretty sure greeks would vote against austerity , germans for it . 
  we would be at the same point we started off before the referendums because we already know the positions of both sides . 
  and as long as we have two nations states with majorities towards opposite policies we have conflict even if both democracys are respected . 
  i hope i have made myself clear because my english is not the best and its difficult to bring my point across . 
  edit : germany democracy can decide for germany , greece democracy can decicide for greece but if both democracys are opposed to each other they cant solve european problems without hurting the will of the people of one side ( if no one wants to compromise ) . 
  that means if opposite sides are forced to something they dont want that is deeply undemocratic . 
  or in short : national democracies cant solve european problems if they are complety opposed to each other . 
  only a federal government could do that . 
  it would override a minority opion whithin europe for example that of the germans . 
  like it often happens within the ferderal republic of germany , 
  immigrants with a special status , which grants them protection from prosecution . 
  immigration for me means crossing the border into a country to stay for a lenghty period of time . 
  and the rejection in germany and italy has everything to do with the arrival of immigratis/refugees in the last years . 
  nobody can kick greece out but if greece breaks the shengen rules and opens the border the rest of the eu can break the shengen rules and close the borders towards greece . 
  same rights for everyone , 
  i agree complety with your opinion if we want to euro to work we need a take the steps toward a common government . 
  but i also think we would need a big democratic legitimation in each nation state for that and i cant see this majority happen in the eurozone at the moment not just in germany . 
  therefore iam pessimistic for the future of the euro . 
  another question would be only a eurzone government or eu government ? 
  i think if most people ( in germany , dont know about other members ) would have understood what a common currency really meant we wouldnt have the euro . 
  most thought of it as a deutsche mark with different colours . 
  a far as i can tell when talking to people . 
  so for germans it was never about solidarity , common debt etc. 
  the politicians unterstood what a common currency meant but not the people . 
  and thats the reason why we have this big problems now because in the end the politicans cant force the people to do what they ( the politicians ) want . 
  therefore there shouldnt have been a common currency without a common governement . 
  the people of europe werent ready for that and if you force it on them it would be deeply undemocratic . 
  unbelievable ... 
  what i wanted to say is that because we value democracy within europe germans and greece for example have problems . 
  if no side compromises and we go for referendums the euro crisis will not be sovled . 
  democracy can not solve this problems because of the different interest/opinions of democratic countries . 
  if you have a perfect democracy and one group wants a and the other b there wont be a solution . 
  because in such a situation democracy means conflict . 
  democarcy can be used to end and to start conflicts . 
  for a sub that defended free speech some weeks ago there is a lot of downvotes for different or unpopular opinions . 
  its always interesting how people dont seem to notice it . 
  sometimes / r/europe just likes to bash countries . 
  normally its either greece or germany  . 
  today its the swiss tomorrow somebody else . 
  the swiss have every right to reject something as long as they are ready to deal with the consequences . 
  if everything has to stay the same forever , whats the point of democracy ? 
  a lot of people seem to like democarcy only if it fits their world view . 
  yes , but a lot of them dont and that means we share a big part of the burden . 
  we dont send people back to greece anymore because some courts ruled that we cant send people back to countries where they are treated inhumane . 
  same with italy . 
  nearly every refugee that arrives in germany today comes from greece , the balkans or italy . 
  so we could send back 100 % back .
