  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30277165 i hope post like this stops this narrative of nobody helping italy and greece . 
  we should do more with helping to secure the border but as long as legitimate refugees are coming we have to take them and in that regard we do everything we can . 
  at least we are not a never were a boring family :p, 
  not enough brits in the eurozone to blame the french :p, 
  the point is that nobody wants political union . 
  not just germany . 
  hello fellow german please buy our newest broomstick the feuerblitz 2015 . 
  `` blitz faster through europe than ever before ; now with 20 % discount when bought with additional cupboard from our partners in sweden '', 
  for a fiscal union to happen you need political union ( federal governement ) . 
  this wont happen ( because no country wants to give up its sovereignty ) and this means no ficsal union . 
  these two are two sides of the same coin . 
  my comment has nothing to do with greece . 
  it was a repsonse to akritacticalassaults `` germany got an easy deal for its debt '' . 
  i wouldnt say losing a big part of territory and beeing occupied ( some parts of germany ) until 1990 an easy deal . 
  we paid for that debt with our territory and sovereignty . 
  and we were no longer a sovereign nation after the war . 
  lost a big junk of our territory ( which was worth alot ) and the rest of it torn apart . 
  its not like germany lost nothing . 
  futhermore the allies had complete control over the remains of germany . 
  so they had control over the money , economic policies , everything . 
  ( everything of that well deserved ), 
  i dont know . 
  if you look at the state of our military you could establish north greece quite easily . 
  whats next ? 
  declaration of war ? 
  i think its good that calls for increased spending come from outside of germany . 
  because of our past ( i know , i know you americans cant hear it anymore ) the only argument to increase our spending is that we must do it for europe and not for ourselves and only if other europeans demand it so that we are not seen as dangerous . 
  the good news is that our finance minister made some comments about increased military spending . 
  so maybe something will happen in the future . 
  we will see . 
  source : http://www.dw.de/sch%c3%a4uble-signals-defense-hike-but-delayed/a-18287342, 
  again , my comments were a response to the argument that theres not enough money for social spending in the us because of nato . 
  i dont think thats true . 
  at least not since the end of the cold war . 
  i agree completely if its about collective responsibility . 
  its not fair if we dont do our part . 
  i like the us , i am thankful for their help and i hope you will continue to support europe in the future . 
  : its hard for me to bring my argument across because my english is not the best and i cant express myself as good as in german . 
  no , never . 
  europe will never be a superpower and it shouldnt be one . 
  believe me we would be 100 times worse than the united states . 
  the us has its faults but i cant image another country or region that could do it better . 
  i am thankful for the help the us has provided ( not just the military ) since wwii and i hope that we europeans do our part in the future . 
  the good thing about universal healthcare in the us would be that it could be cheaper than your current system . 
  most germans cant understand schwiizerd\u00fctsch . 
  so its normal . 
   we have a german , austrian , swiss tv channel ( 3sat ) that uses subtitles for the swiss . 
  sometimes even for the austrians , bavarians and swabians like me . 
  argh , that was a dumb mistake . 
  i thought he meant you and because of that i couldnt understand his reaction . 
  i thought when gaijin_monster wrote that obama ( he never wanted that btw . ), 
  wanted to pay less into nato he meant he wanted ( the us ) to pay less for europe . 
  because nato is europe and the us and if he meant the us should pay less he would have said `` the us should play less to its military '' . 
  so that the us has enough money for welfare , healthcare etc. 
  my problem with this argument is that it was not europe that costs so much in the last 10-15 years . 
  so this pay less to nato = more money for us is not true because it was not nato = europe that was so damn expensive . 
  if i have interpreted his comment wrong i am sorry . 
  its just that i have seen a lot of comments in different subreddits that had this `` if europeans would just spend more we had more money for our welfare '' arguments . 
  and i think this argument is wrong . 
  a lot of people are implying that your ( us ) budget is so big because we ( europe ) dont do enough . 
  and if we did you would reduce your budget . 
  ( not you personally and not just in this topic ), 
  some do . 
  but i agree with you that europe should do much mure . 
  but this will not solve all the problems with the military budget in the us . 
  then you have a problem with democracy in the united states which is not the fault of the europeans . 
  it was response to mshotts beeing unfair to some europeans . 
  blame those who dont to enough and not the whole of europe . 
  i also dislike it if americans ( usa ) blame europeans for their military budget . 
  my comment was a response to gaijin_monster . 
  whose point was that us has not enough money for healthcare because of nato . 
  the problems with healtchare date much further back than the ukraine crisis and has more to do with the healthcare system in the us . 
  the us has a higher gdp expenditure ( for health ) than germany . 
  you can spend as much on you military as you want . 
  europe cant force anything on you . 
  so if a majority of americans want spend less on europe you should do it . 
  i should have responded directly to gaijin_monster . 
  my comment is more an answer to him . 
  if the usa has a problem with too high spending for its military it has more to do with internal politics and the wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  less with europe . 
  look at their military budget in the last years . 
  it has not increased because of ukraine . 
  now my answer to you . 
  i wrote in my comment that europe should do more but this will not solve the overspending of the us . 
  germany especially should do more . 
  you have to fight people and comments like these with arguments , facts etc. 
  nazi allegations will not work . 
  i think they will even help stormfront and other nazi sites . 
  remove openly racist posts ~ ~ but the comment of edudal is not . 
  while i know nothing about him his source is the washingot post wich is not a nazi newspaper . ~ ~ edit : sorry / r/ummcal i thought you meant edudal . 
  my mistake . 
  edit2 : still think we should only ban openly racist posters/topics . 
  dont think ops title is racist . 
  the biggest military expenditure in the last 10 to 15 years for the us were their wars in the middle east . 
  iraq for example was not a nato operation . 
  the problems of military spending in the united states in the last decade wasnt because of europe . 
  obamas priority was to end these wars and not to stop paying for nato . 
  europe should do more for their safety but withouth iraq or afghanistan the us would have more then enough money for healthcare or infastructure . 
  the usa could have saved much more money without the wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  they should also review if the american intelligence needs that much money .
