could you tell us more about the differences ? 
  what do you think should be done to help these immigrants ? 
  would turkey help with european refugees like ukraine if it was the other way around ? 
  would turkey provide housing , welfare , jobs even if turkey would be in an economic crisis ? 
  thats not true at the moment with refugees . 
  those who took the most per capita are sweden , switzerland , denmark , belgium , germany , netherlands , france , italy , greece , malta . 
  so plenty of rich countries there . 
  especially sweden takes big amounts . 
  i believe if germany had the same numbers per capita it would be around 700-800k migrants . 
  ( numbers from last year ) edit : the dublin system is deeply unfair but you could argue it works in favor of italy at the moment . 
  dont know about greece . 
  you know that its possible that denmark has to take less people than it does now with that system ? 
  as far as i know you took the same amount of migrants per capita than germany last year and this is more than you would have to if there was a eu wide distribution . 
  so this would most likely help you . 
  its eastern europe , britain , spain , portugal who would have to take much more . 
  without a system they will just continue to travel to the rich countries and denmark is one of them . 
  the grammar and pronunciation is different . 
  its like speaking english with a thick german accent . 
  i cant say how it is in switzerland but i have seen germans make fun of swiss around here because they are sometimes seen as backwards , conservativ , slow and silly . 
  these prejudices are linked to swiss german accent . 
  within switzerland is think its similar to germany . 
  when i had to speak before people in university for the first time with my swabian accent ( first semester some years ago ) i sometimes had to think how the words sound in standart german . 
  and then i made some grammar mistakes and got some rude comments etc. 
  also high german with swiss or swabian accent sounds silly as i described above . 
  see . 
  germans go to switzerland . 
  they often dont understand anything at all beacuse they cant understand swiss german . 
  than what happens some germans expect the swiss to switch to standart german and not that the german learn to understand swiss german . 
  and i think respecting the locals is to learn to understand them and not the other way . 
  btw . 
  how your attitude towards swiss german is exactly why so many swiss have problems with germans . 
  yes but would you demand others to speak you language if you immigrated somewhere else because you cant understand them ? 
  you have to understand that swiss german can be so different that germans that only know standart german cant understand anything at all . 
  my argument is that the swiss arent worse than other europeans . 
  germans discriminate against turks who cant speak german properly etc. 
  you have to understand that if you speak your language all your life how would you feel if english immigrants demanded that you speak their language instead them learning yours . 
  for example dutch is not hard to learn for germans . 
  would you demand that the dutch speak german in the netherlands . 
  ( i know some people from nothern germany that understand more dutch than switzerd\u00fctsch ) . 
  the `` immigrants from germany '' comment is a joke :p edit : you have to understand the the swiss often see switzerd\u00fctsch as their language . 
  its very different than with dialects within germany . 
  and i think you should respect the swiss . 
  he just pointed out that immigrants often get treated worse . 
  thats the same in switzerland and germany . 
  i have been to berlin ( holiday ) and talked to my girlfirend in swabian and got some dumb comments from some idiots . 
  can you speak english without accent and feel confident after some years of school and reading english newspapers . 
  i cant . 
  how much english do you speak outside of reddit ? 
  actually germans within germany are not better . 
  there are people who like to make fun of you or treat you worse because of your dialect . 
  i can not speak perfect standart german and normally speak a very rural swabian . 
  ( i have a swabian accent when not in my village/talk to non swabian speakers . 
  :p ) we had immigrants from standart german areas who demanded that everyone has to speak like them because they cant understand it ( not asking , demanding ) . 
  and that was not while at work or in school . 
  if people act similar in switzerland i could understand the swiss . 
  futhermore switzerd\u00fctsch is is the swiss version of german and should be learned by immigrants . 
  just because languages are very similar doesnt mean you dont have to learn them . 
  ( at least learn to understand them ; then the others dont care because you can speak high german and the swiss will understand you ) from personal experience i liked it to be in austria or switzerland because i could speak my dialect there and people reacted very positive . 
  furthermore there are immigrants groups that get treated much worse like romanians or bulgarians or muslims from kosovo , turkey . 
  same as in germany . 
  i think it has to do with the long history of immigration in australia and the educational background of immigrants . 
  its not fair to compare a refugee from somalia without or basic education to an somali with university level education . 
  this doesnt mean this is the only reason but i dont like it if you dont look at educational and sometimes cultural backgrounds of immigrants . 
  for example the people that immigrated ( that includes muslims ) in the last years to germany ( through legal channels ) had much better education than the people that came as workers in the sixties . 
  those people are often better in school than natives . 
  futhermore immigration is a very recent phenomen in sweden and they dont have the advantage of beeing an english speaking country . 
  i know that for some years sweden had a higher absolute number of refugees taken in per year than germany . 
  if germany had as many refugees per capita as sweden we would struggle even harder because in every international study the german school sytem is worse . 
  you shouldnt compare absolute numbers . 
  what counts are the numbers in relation to the population of a country . 
  in that regard sweden is extraordinary when it comes to refugees . 
  i found a german source which has different numbers fo 2014 than these here . 
  i hope the graphs are understandable . 
  one is asylum claims per 1000 inhabitants ( asylantr\u00e4ge pro 1000 einwohner ) and the other accepted asylum claims per 1000 inhabitants . 
  ( positiv beschiedene asylantr\u00e4ge pro 1000 einwohner ) it says the data is from eurostat . 
  but i think mine are correct because they match with the overall numbers . 
  germany got more per capita than france last year for example . 
  sweden got most etc. 
  maltas numbers are also one of the highest . 
  source : http://www.n-tv.de/politik/wo-in-europa-bleiben-die-fluechtlinge-article14977671.html, 
  no , this doesnt happen . 
  you can only send them back if the italians took fingerprints which migrants try to avoid at all costs . 
  and the second reason is that italy has enough problems with the constant influx of people . 
  they cant deal with these migrants alone . 
  yes , but i think at the moment we reach the limits of that thinking ( i hope ) . 
  another example is the refugee/migrations crisis we heard so much of in the last days . 
  i dont believe that we can solve the future problems of europe in the current state . 
  migration crsis , russia , energy union , single digital market , tax evasions , european army , terrorism etc. 
  sooner or later we need a european governement because we can not solve these problems with treaties between states . 
  and the european people have to understand that they will lose more of their influence/prosperity and freedom if new powers like china or big companies can use our divided nation states against us . 
  i think you are right that we need different solutions for different countries and that germans have a hard time to understand this . 
  my personal opionion is that most germans dont really care what governements in other eurzone countries do as long as it doesnt affect them personally . 
  and thats the problem with a lot of different solutions . 
  for example when it comes to the eurozone crisis that would mean financial transfers , debt forgiveness or eurobonds . 
  but if a country wants a bigger social state or a more regulated economy they can do it but please with their own money . 
  they dont understand that a currency union means more thant just money with a different colour and name . 
  so all this germany forces other eurozone countries to do what they want comes from a very simply thought . 
  `` lets them do what they want as long as i dont have to pay for it . '', 
  of course the problem is much more complex and i think the german press and politicians fail when it comes to the fundemental questions of the eurozone and the european union . 
  as is said before there should have never been a monetary union without a federal governement and you cant have a federal governement without a european demos .
