  therefore in my opinion its too much to ask from the common german to support people he feels no or only a small connection with . 
  i dont think there is this feeling of solidarity between nations in europe yet . 
  we tried to spread our language to berlin . 
  i hope we will succeed no matter the costs . 
  edit : i live in a very rural part of oberschwaben and it was really hard for me when i had to switch from my grundschule to a realschule in a bigger city . 
  europe supported them because they looked like the lesser evil while syriza demanded things that were politically impossible in a lot of european nations . 
  futhermore how do we know syriza is less corrupt ? 
  kneel or die !, 
  germans dont see the eu as bigger germany . 
  this is bullshit . 
  most germans would be more than happy if we would be a bigger switzerland without the tax evasion . 
  its always interesting how people outside have no clue whats going on within different countries . 
  germans look at the eu mostly in terms of peace and reconciliation because of wwii . 
  maybe this is hard to understand from the outside . 
  quote : `` deputy defence minister kostas isichos told the bbc northern europe must do more to rescue and shelter migrants . '', 
  edit : maybe for him everything north of greece is northern europe :p, 
  yep but it is till not true that the north doesnt do its job . 
  its britain , eastern europe and even portugal and spain that take very few . 
  germany ( together with italy , sweden , greece ) wants a quota system but gets blocked by eastern europe , britain and spain , portugal . 
  so its not a south , north problem . 
  btw . 
  thats not the number of accepted refugees . 
  its the number of asylum claims ( or in other words illegal immigrants , 30percent will get asylum ) . 
  but we cant deport them so they will stay . 
  most of them arrived through italy and when last year 170k arrived in italy and germany takes 200k ( they arrive form italy , greece etc. ), 
  than i would say we do our part . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20150203/un-says-eu-should-share-swedens-refugees edit : btw . 
  you say its too much for italy while germany takes even more and it isnt too much for us ? 
  edit2 : these boatloads take the next train to germany , sweden . 
  you have to understand the difference between a transit country and the countries that have to look after these people for years or even decades if they cant find jobs . 
  so will italy support sweden with money ? 
  is it that hard to notice sarcasm ? 
  we are 28 countries in the eu . 
  what binds us are laws not moral obligations . 
  northern europe could just close the borders completely but instead we take the biggest amount of people . 
  half of all migrants to europe have gone to germany and sweden . 
  germany alone has taken more refugees last year than italy , france and britain together and sweden a nation of 10 million has taken more than italy a nation of 60 million . 
  yeah , but that not enough isnt it ? 
  edit : http://www.newsweek.com/2015/05/01/italy-allowing-migrant-who-survive-voyage-disappear-europe-323832.html, 
  because that would mean leaving schengen and after that they can no longer send their migrants north . 
  this would mean they would have a lot of permanent migrants instead of beeing just the point of entry . 
  oh , btw spain has one of the lowest refugee per capita numbers if we had solidarity within europe when it comes to refugees spain would have to pay to italy , sweden , germany , greece etc. 
  finally something that can be blamed on germany . 
  and you have to understand that europe is not a single entity and not all countries have taken part in libya . 
  in germany a lot of refugees/migrants said that they came here because they get more help from the state than in other european countries . 
  i think its no coincidence that so many try to go to germany/switzerland/austria or sweden . 
  i would do the same i cant blame them but there is a connection . 
  and if 50-70 % of asylum claims get denied then a big part of these migrants are not refugees . 
  germany wants a common asylum system with a quota system which gets blocked by other nations . 
  source : http://www.dw.de/eu-mulls-quotas-for-refugees/a-17985547 http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/germany-to-urge-shift-in-eu-refugee-policy-a-993076.html edit : btw . 
  is this myth widespread in italy that northern europe doesnt help when in reality sweden takes most per capita ? 
  as you can read in this article we accept more than italy . 
  futhermore i asked this question because i dont know the solutions . 
  i wanted to know how to make sure there are no terrorist among them . 
  this i my main question and not that they move north ( this question has been discussed often enough in this sub ) . 
  please read beyond the headline . 
  i would like to discuss the problem of terrorists/is coming to the european union disguised as refugees/migrants . 
  especially your short term solutions to the problem as long as we dont have a common asylum system/border control within european law and without ignoring human rigts . 
  the reasons we have no federation have not changed since then . 
  i think everyone knows that the monetary union without political union is at the heart of the problem . 
  but talking is easy and action is hard . 
  governements all around the world talk alot and promise a lot but many fail even if their intentions and plans sounded nice . 
  in 20 years estonians will complain about german immigrants who cant even progam a simple ai . 
  apart from football theres is handball , tennis , boxing and wintersports . 
  but everything else than football is on a much smaller scale . 
  when it comes to team sports i would say handball is nice to watch in germany . 
  i dont know how it is in other parts of germany but wintersports is pretty big here in the [ swabian alps ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swabian_jura ) and i think its the same in big parts of southern germany . 
  small steps . 
  only germans get split up . 
  austrians are completely different . 
  do you think joining the eu accelerated these developments in romania ? 
  because this would be some nice news for the eu for once . 
  you know more moderate people in greece and germany should stand together because when something goes wrong these days in the eu its either greece or germany that is the root of all evil in europe ( also the british ) . 
  this is not a one-sided affair . 
  greek media portrayed german politicians as nazis ( merkel , sch\u00e4uble ) which in germany means more or less calling them mass murderers . 
  so i would say there were as many derogatory remarks from greek media as from german ones . 
  futhermore when it comes to inappropriate comments you have a defense minister who threatened to send is members to europe . 
  edit : btw . 
  if greece media would call the british prime minister or finance minister a nazi and demanded reparations from them the tone in the british press would change very fast . 
  but until then : http://www.speedtest.net/result/4272185356.png : /, 
  yeah . 
  but only from a bigger city to our village ( 8km away ) . 
  so no ftth ( fiber to the home ) . 
  i will get 50-100 mb/s . 
  still pretty big deal for us here because while this village is pretty lillte we have some bigger cities around us with very low unemployment and high wages . 
  so with good internet this is a very nice place to live . 
  yep . 
  but i live in a tiny village of 140 people and we will get fiber till the end of the year . 
  i got 1mbit, 
  i dont think thats true . 
  everyone knows that turks ride bmws these days . 
  yes . 
  but your post looks like we only allow 1 % to stay which is not true . 
  for the german society it counts how many people immigrate and not under which law . 
  because our schools and society need the real numbers of people so we can prepare . 
  ( german language courses , etc. ), 
  actually we accept much more than that . 
  we took 44 % in 2012 as you can [ read ] ( http://mediendienst-integration.de/artikel/anerkennungsquote-hoeher-als-berichtet.html ) here ( since then we accept a even higher percentage ) . 
  also most people who get deported are from the balkans ( kosovo , serbia , etc. ) . 
  this means most people that arrive from outside of europe stay because they cant be deported .
