you have a fucking nerve talking about civil war politics . 
  your heroes sinn fein and their military wing nearly brought northern ireland to the brink of civil war a couple of decades ago . 
  our government are introducing water charges next year . 
  we 're going to stop washing altogether . 
  you do n't know the first thing about ireland then . 
  the irish media never accused or accuses europe of being too socialist , and besides , the media does not dictate government economic policy - that 's done by successive left wing governments who gorged on taxes and bought votes by expanding the public sector and welfare state . 
  when our banks collapsed , they put their left wing ideology into overdrive and socialised the debts . 
  why did the european core nations not also suffer a banking collapse ? 
  because the irish taxpayers guaranteed your banks bad bets . 
  the irish economic model is not the problem , it is the single euro interest rate which is at odds with our cycles - successive ecb rate cuts ( and hikes ) were the foundations for our property bubble and bust . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  elaborate . 
  tax & spend socialists can not run economies . 
  no , in ireland the documents are not exclusively english , they 're printed in irish too . 
  the irish language lobby are not content with that , they want more taxpayers money and want to ram a dead language down the throats of people who have no interest in it . 
  religious teaching and irish language teaching has no place in schools because it serves no purpose , other than to satisfy the twee , inward looking romantic culturalists . 
  kids should be learning german , french or spanish . 
  the real aim of these people is to create an irish language industry , to create well paying state jobs for themselves and their ilk , in isolated parts of ireland where no right thinking business would bother setting up . 
  this is `` jobs for the boys '' . 
  the irish language lobby get enough subsidies and tax breaks and handouts . 
  there is nothing ` strangely bitter ' about resisting more of the same in a broken economy , you economically illiterate imbecile . 
  nobody is stopping these assholes from speaking irish , but they pretend like their human rights are being trampled on because every government document and service is n't available in two languages . 
  they have their own tv and radio station for fuck sake , and road signs and public transport announcements are in irish too . 
  fuck those parasites . 
  while they bang their drum for a bigger share of the tax payers money , children with serious illnesses are having their services cut . 
  the number of people who speak irish on a daily basis is a tiny amount . 
  even less of those are working-age , wealth-generating tax payers . 
  plants need electrolytes you fool !, 
  if only there were a way to ... grow ... more trees . 
  some are aware , some are not . 
  unfortunately the roma are the vanguard who have arrived in western europe in numbers , years before ordinary romanians . 
  eu citizens have seen very few ordinary romanians so far ; i only met my first romanian last week , a taxi driver , but for years i have only seen roma beggers . 
  it is easier to distinguish ordinary hard-working irish from irish gypsies because the ordinary irish travelled abroad long before the gypsies , and laid the foundations for our good reputation in other countries . 
  romanians will have to work very hard to undo the bad reputation earned by the roma . 
  they 're quite rational ideas . 
  in ireland , many , many working women i know would prefer to stay at home and raise their children , rather than put them into a creche , but they 're unable to afford to give up their job and exist on one income . 
  guys think they 're being white knights by pushing for more women in the workplace , but many women would be happier at home . 
  we have big problems with falling populations , especially among the middle classes , because womens traditional role of rearing the kids has changed so much . 
  amsterdam and london have plenty of roma gypsies . 
  they will gravitate towards larger cities where there is less police scrutiny and where they see more opportunities for ... whatever they do . 
   i 'm also amused by all the downvotes i got . 
  just your typical lefties who care more about homophobia than how to run an economy and create jobs . 
  if a nation has to raise taxes in order to protect itself from it 's own currencies interest rate , you 've already lost the argument for having a single euro interest rate in the first place . 
  but by all means , continue to believe that taxation is the way to fix fundamental issues with the euro , if you want . 
  screw competitiveness . 
  yeah , would you like a crash course in economics ? 
  cheap credit flows from the ecb into irish banks . 
  irish banks lend it out to irish people who buy property at low interest rates . 
  this sparks demand , which in turn creates more lending . 
  the ecb raises interest rates sharply , the irish banks pass on the interest rate rises to the mortgage holder , and people start selling their properties because they can no longer afford the repayments . 
  you 're welcome . 
   in the next european elections you will be able to vote for a party that wants to change the objectives and workings of the ecb ? 
  absolutely , if such a candidate is running and advocates a decentralisation of power from brussels . 
  as for your other question , most of the current generation of irish who are paying the most in tax and working the hardest to get this country out of its mess , were only kids when the maastricht treaty was signed . 
  we were sold a pup , but hindsight is wonderful , in the same way us and uk leaders sold their voters a pup when going to war with iraq . 
   what did you think was going to happen when you joined the single currency that all eurozone members would cooperate in the creation of a stable , robust , mutually beneficial fiscal union , with no one member state having an overly powerful , destabilising influence . 
  too much to hope for , clearly . 
  no more drastic interest rate cuts ( 2001-2006 ) that suit only german economic situation please , which lead to a flood of cheap credit into eurozone periphery nations . 
  no more drastic interest rate rises ( 2006-2008 ) to suit only german economic situation please , which burst our property market in 2007/2008 . 
  in fact , no more selfish self-interest from the german dominated ecb . 
  period . 
  wow , so the more people , the more jobs . 
  nigeria , pakistan and bangladesh must be rich prosperous countries with loads of jobs so !, 
  roma spend their lives harassing people on the street . 
  fuck them . 
  ... and search every single roma gypsy camp in greece for any other abducted children . 
  this is not a `` soap opera '' for missing children and their biological families . 
  go on ... 
  as opposed to the previous five budgets which has burdoned the tax paying middle class workers the most . 
  what a load of pessimistic , defeatist bullshit . 
  strangling the poor ? 
  get real , welfare and pension rates have hardly been touched throughout the past five years and are still among the most generous in europe . 
  they 're nothing but a bunch of chancers who think the solution to personal indebtedness is for everyone to just walk away from their debts and get a mortgage writedown from the bank . 
  a world class national football team . 
  nice try , mr. snrub . 
  monorail . 
  same results . 
  lazy , stagnant , bloated , work shy government employees . 
   some people do n't like things that are in other countries . 
  for example : social healthcare and the average american . 
  horse shit . 
  they rightly point out that the eu is broke , dysfunctional , fragmented and uncompetitive . 
  social healthcare ? 
  fuck that , come to ireland and see it in action ... high taxes and no services , and no incentive to live healthy because someone else will pick up your medical bills . 
  the yanks are more right than wrong about europe/eu . 
  the seven wonders of socialism / public sector unions . 
  everybody is employed . 
  although everybody is employed , nobody works 3 . 
  although nobody works , everybody fulfills the plan . 
  although everybody fulfills the plan , there are no goods . 
  although there are no goods , everybody has everything . 
  although everybody has everything , everybody steals . 
  although everybody steals , nothing is ever missing . 
  i visited marseille a number of years ago while interrailing . 
  to this day it has left an indelible impression on me as the most manacing , lawless shithole i 've ever been to . 
  i was n't mugged or threatened , it just seemed to be full of people who preyed upon each other . 
  do the other member states of the eu get a say in this , dear leader ? 
  they are , but some people use the word ` gypsy ' as a catch-all term for both groups . 
  irish travellers are just irish people who were forced into a nomadic lifestyle sometime in the last century , due to poverty and/or land evictions . 
  gypsies are of romani origin .
