  i 'm going to post this link , to give an example of the legal aid system in ireland . 
  it 's taken from a current affairs segment on our national radio station . 
  this is the norm , not the exception . 
  your reply says nothing , based as it is on the abstract generalisations of someone who knows nothing about the irish legal system or the state of law and order in this country . 
  you 've failed to address the issue of habitual offenders abusing free legal aid and continuing to commit crimes while on bail . 
  you offer no alternatives but for the broken status quo to continue . 
  your post is more concerned with the rights of repeat offenders , rather than the rights of citizens to live in a society based on law and order . 
  i 'm going to leave this link from irish national radio , listen to it , or not . 
  there is no such thing as ` free ' legal aid . 
  the law abiding tax payers pay for it , and therefore it should not be provided without close scrutiny . 
  right now there is no scrutiny , the system is abused . 
  criminals with 50 , 60 , 70 + convictions ( quite common in ireland ) should not qualify for it , because they are habitual law breakers and they clog up the court system with repeat offences and appeals . 
  instead , the legal bill for these habitual law breakers should be taken from their welfare payments , or asset seizures . 
  if a criminal is in jail , they ca n't commit crime . 
  i could n't give a flying fuck whether it transforms their conscience enough to prevent them ever re-offending . 
  the us justice system protects the victims by taking criminals off the streets . 
  spare me your practiced liberal hand-wringing spiel about the us justice system . 
  they not only lock up criminals , they lock up white collar criminals . 
  something we not been doing in ireland either . 
  ... but stand by the revolving door system if you like , you may need it one day ^ patronising ^ twat . 
  ireland is near the bottom because you have to commit dozens and dozens of offences to go to jail , or else murder someone and go to jail for a few years . 
  tl ; dr we have a fucked up revolving door prison system and free legal aid is there to keep criminals out of jail and solicitors rich . 
  the pneumatic tyre from dunlop . 
  also bram stoker . 
  * you guys have [ worse ] ( http://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/men-in-sweden-warned-to-beware-of-testicleeating-fish-29489930.html ) things to worry about . 
  [ asbestos lead asbestos by meat beat manifesto . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsf5nmwap3s&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ), 
  some flares , garden shears , a frigate named after a girl , and roy keane . 
  good luck invading us though . 
  ireland sank one of your tall ships . 
  i assume we are now at war . 
  unisex toilets in the pub . 
  ireland . 
  the heatwave . 
  some people drowning whe they realise alcohol and deep water do n't end well . 
  most people loving it , except for shortages of big al beef burgers . 
  religious orders say they will not contribute to compensatioe fund for laundry girls . 
  taxpayers will foot the bill . 
  government say they can do nothing , they only make the laws . 
  next week : the water shortage . 
  do shut up . 
  i think of people who are referred to as `` working class '' yet they have never worked a day in their life . 
  they are welfare class . 
  or , they 're hidden somewhere until her son serves his time in prison and can sell them . 
  it must be lottery scratch cards . 
  hmm , we have practically no problems with polish gangs in ireland , or none i have read about , which is quite amazing because circa 100,000 polish people came to ireland during our property bubble . 
  model citizens imo . 
  grand so ; the workers party have passed a resolution to help inflate the air bed . 
  people before profit will collect him from the airport in the peugeot 206 and get him a drive thru . 
  we 'd ask him what his views on abortion are , and decide his fate based on the answer . 
  wow , what a crock of shit article . 
  the migrant rights council are complaining that government funds need to be given to them to ` protect ' migrants . 
  worried about their desk jobs much ? 
  ireland does n't have a serious problem with racism , there is no golden dawn or national front . 
  expecting the public sector to reform itself is like turkeys voting for christmas . 
  how to know you 're in belgium : the 25,000 eu lobbyists roaming around . 
  because terrorists do not respect borders , neither do arms smugglers , foreign spies , drug smugglers or money launderers . 
  case in point , the hamburg cell . 
  this is about terrorism , not reddit . 
  the peace process does n't attract much interest because the battles are largely being fought democratically and constitutionally , but irish people are fully behind the peace process . 
  there 's always a few immature kids who are attracted to the romantic idea of ` rebellion ' but most of them grow out of that shit . 
  ironically , / r/ireland attracts more of those bar stool socialist/republican eejits than / r/northernireland - people who have actually experienced terrorism . 
  good . 
  i 'm sick of fourteen year old american kids on here bitching about internet freedom from their gated communities . 
  there 's this thing called the northern ireland peace process , which is constantly under threat from dissident republican terrorists who want to sink it . 
  the british and irish success at disrupting these psychopath gangsters in the last ten years has been staggering , and welcome . 
  torun , poland . 
  [ ireland ] anyone convicted of a breaking the law has money deducted at source from welfare payments . 
  it seems this is the origin of the stereotype . 
  also , scottish people [ videotaping ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ije1vfwyvfe ) couples in cars , that 's another strange custom . 
  french people wearing onions around their neck . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  something something anders breivik . 
  ireland . 
  police force investigated for erasing thousands of driving offences from computer system / using discretion when deciding to punish drivers breaking the law . 
  politician a ( opposition ) condemns ruling party for this . 
  politician b ( minister for justice ) leaks to media that politician a was caught using his phone while driving and police ` used discretion ' i.e he wasnt prosecuted . 
  politician c ( other opposition ) leaks to media that politician b refused to give a breath test when stopped by police . 
  ... or something like that . 
  how many people actually live in monaco though , instead of just having an address for tax purposes ? 
  last place to ireland ? 
  you 'll get your bailout money back europe , in very very small denominations . 
  azerbaijan doing well , are voters are trying to push eurovision off the edge of the continent ? 
  ireland doing shit . 
  no worries , we 'll beat you at wembley in a couple of weeks . 
  in ireland we have the same problem of benefit fraud . 
  people fly in on cheap ryanair flights ( or cross the border from northern ireland ) once a month and sign on for their money . 
  i wonder if these people are flying to multiple countries and doing exactly the same thing , because there is no europe wide system for tracking benefit recipients is there ? 
  http://www.build.ie/national_news.asp?newsid=162675 http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0306/114853-welfare/, 
  i ca n't believe you 're all taken in by this . 
  the website owner is trying to get publicity for his shitty business , that 's all , so he pretends it 's super popular and the stupid newspaper lap it up because it 's sensationalist crap . 
  four presidents lol , that 's so typically eu . 
  what a fucking gravy train . 
  the president of the european commission i 'm talking about - manuel barosso . 
  he was not elected by me or any other ordinary voter . 
  why do n't you stop with your `` ukip bullshit '' - they do n't run candidates in my country you imbecile . 
  do you expect the nameless eu apparatchik to be democratically accountable for stupid and offensive comments about bulgaria when we do n't even elect the eu president lol . 
  i did not elect the people who hired them . 
  they are a part of the permanent government aka the civil service who are in power no matter what party is elected at the polls , and once hired they are practically impossible to fire . 
  furthermore , i do n't remember voting for the president of the eu whose responsibility it is to unite europe and reign in these unaccountable officials .
