  other than that i 'd say i do n't feel more of a connection to you than to a czech a hungarian or an ( northern ) italian . 
  bavaria on the other hand is a whole different story ... 
  `` austria did n't experience a denazification as western germany did '' sorry but what ?!?!, 
  what do you think happened in austria after ww2 ? 
  that all the nazis were welcomed back and everyone was happy to see them returning ? 
  no of course not . 
  austria went through the same level of `` denazification '' as germany did , and i see no reason why one would assume that it did not . 
  i really do n't understand what russia would gain from attacking one of your countries . 
  you are in the nato + have a high level of military trained civilians , many of whom are in some sort of militia . 
  so first it would be nigh impossible defeating your countries + nato forces and then they would have a very unstable region with lots of unrest and guerilla warfare , for what exactly ? 
  last i checked you did n't sit on some pile of gold/oil and the `` russian minorities '' surely wo n't be worth that much trouble , right ? 
  i really do n't get where all these newspapers got their ideas from ... 
  only in germany though !, 
  not trying to nitpick but for the sake of completeness : that 's a very german thing to do . 
  in austria ( and bavaria i presume ) ig is ig not ich . 
  do n't know about switzerland though . 
  there are no safe spaces . 
  you 're at big-boy-university now , 
  it 's called a `` krippe '' over here . 
  my grandmother surely has about a hundred of them lying all over her house haha . 
  she once was in napoli and went home with her suitcase full of `` equipment '' and figurines for her `` krippen '' . 
  just to further add to the confusion : primar \u2260 chefarzt . 
  a chefarzt does basically the same things a primar does but he does n't get paid as much money as a primar . 
  so they are to different `` titles '' . 
  frau magistra  the only thing more frowned upon other than omitting ones title is using a male title for a female person . 
  crazy , i know ... 
  thing is they are n't even real `` professoren '' like you know a university prof. 
  they are mere `` magister '' . 
  that 's the craziest and stupidest part that always really bugged me : they are n't anything but ordinary teachers but expect to be spoken to as if they were the most famous uni profs. 
  i think it has to do with our ex-monarchy . 
  back in the day , were society was way more rigid it was nearly impossible to go `` from rags to riches '' or even to attend university as a normal person . 
  so the only thing to set you apart from your peers were these formal titles ( like hofrat ) which you gained by working for the `` government '' . 
  basically just as any other european country at that time ( ~ 1800 ) . 
  nowadays however this kind of carried over to university titles , such as `` doktor '' . 
  if you were to use such titles as hofrat ( which still exist ) however most people nowadays think that you 're somewhat of a lunatic, 
  no it 's adorable . 
  at least if you 're a girl . 
  if one has a german accent however ... ... that 's less adorable . 
  just what the guy said : the german translation is horrible and often wrong too . 
  so instead of doing yourself a favour and learning from having put it in german you might just learn wrong stuff . 
  yeah paradox and their translations ... 
  i heard the french one is just the same . 
  yes it 's part of our constitution . 
  as previously mentioned there 's not only just the constitution ( one `` book '' where every part of our constitution is included ) but rather there are hundreds of different laws which have `` verfassungsrang '' ( ~ constitutional status ) . 
  and of these many laws is the `` state treaty of 1955 '' . 
  i ca n't think of a concrete example right now but the way our constitution works is that you can put anything that gets the necessary support into it . 
  so long as half the nationalrat ( the chamber of parliament that is responsible for enacting laws ) is present and 2/3 of the present deputies actually vote for the law in question , you can make any topic whatsoever part of the constitution ( unless it is in violation of the `` grundprinzipien der bundesverfassung '' ~ basic principles of our constitution ) . 
  so if you got the necessary support you could make '' the right to owning a dog '' part of it . 
  another thing that is different to most other countries is that there is n't just one constitution but rather hundreds of different laws in which part of our constitutional law is `` hidden '' . 
  so if you want to know about every part of our constitution you have to work your way through most ( if not all ) our laws . 
  ah well , if you bring up nationality : what does a brit know about europe , 
  it seems to me that you have quite an agenda , judging by your comments ... 
  woa dude , how is my nationality in any way related to my comments ? 
  what would you tell me if i had a different flair ? 
  you need not shut down coalmines in germany to have an impact on germany . 
  that 's how the world is . 
  especially in europe your actions have an influence on other countries if you want it or not . 
  history , english and french, 
  biology and music/arts , such a waste of my time ... 
  biology and music/arts , such a waste of my time ... 
  i think house `` dsmid '' would be his choice, 
  there are two names in german : tschechien ( which is used most often ) and tschechei ( some us it , most however try not to , since this is what hitler used to call it ) . 
  than there 's tschechische republik ( czech republic ) but this name is beyond ridiculous , so nobody uses it . 
  yes it 's super touristic but there are still ( lots of ) some people who do n't speak english . 
  i 've been there in october this year and as we visited the castle in arco they would n't let us in . 
  my mother asked them why and they ( 3 people ) could n't give us an answer . 
  only after i started speaking italian too them , we found out that the castle closes at 4 pm ( or was it 5 ? 
  i do n't recall the time ) . 
  and this was not the only time this happened to us . 
  granted , some even speak german or dutch , but there are still many who only speak italian . 
  fluent : german ( native ) , english , french ( though my french depends a lot on the day . 
  on good days ~ c1 on bad days b1/2 ) not yet fluent/still learning : italian ( ~ b1 ) . 
  i 'm teaching myself italian since around ~ 10 months and i 'm really surprised at how well it 's actually going . 
  especially considering that it took me 5-6 years to get to that very level ( in french ) at school . 
  italia for taking away south tyrol and betraying us , france for destroying our glorious k & k empire , germany for the many students they send to us every year , which miserably fail to integrate into our society . 
  the countries that once comprised the austria-hungarian empire but wanted to secede , fell under communist rule and only got up to western standard in the last 20-25 years . 
  you see , there would n't be much of europe left if you gave grumpy , old austria this decision ... 
  around here we never had that `` most beautiful women '' stereotype . 
  it was more a `` beautiful and very cheap women '' stereotype . 
  they are good looking yes , but if you were to show them your wallet they would immediately sleep with you, 
  it is about as legit , as if geert wilders would make one such map . 
  if you believe him , you believe in the map but if you do n't , you notice how ridiculous it actually is . 
  where are you actually from it has to be `` heiliges land tirol '' , right ? 
  ok i 'd take k\u00e4rnten too , but it 's not really western . 
  germans complained , that their roads get used only to travel through the country , but they are too ignorant to notice , that they do the same thing every time they visit the mediterranean . 
  that 's not the way i want the eu to develop ... 
  the garda lake ( is that the english name ? 
  `` lago di garda '' ) , the salzkammergut and i really enjoyed bruges, 
  there is no state religion ?!?!, 
  i 'm sure many old , white haired , men in suits would love to have one , but luckily there 's not . 
  yes . 
  it 's always funny how things get ignored because they `` ca n't possibly be true '', 
  i think this shows how a politician from such a tiny country ( junker ) managed to become a top eu politician . 
  you grant big corporations tax benefits and they , in return , lobby for you to be elected . 
  sorry , but sending your tiny and ill-equipped army to fight against probably the most potent army of its time ( certainly the most militarised country ) just to get slaughtered by the thousands is a very , very bad idea and in my view a massive crime against all the young men that would 've certainly not stood any chances, 
  ` in europe ' , yep . 
  of course . 
  yurop is truly a great country . 
  luckily there 's only one law in the whole country . 
  could be difficult to say if there were several countries , though .
