because those are very redneck-ish names . 
  they absolutely love french and other foreign names ( chiara \u201e tschiara `` ) that they ca n't pronounce correctly nor write correctly . 
  so if someone 's called kevin or jacqueline ( \u201e tschakeline `` ) chances are they are the biggest plebs in town . 
  how it is [ wap bap ], 
  or like a german \u00fc :-), 
  nah do n't worry !, 
  i was n't insinuating that you were ranking languages or anything of the sort but rather wondering about the usage of the word `` dialect '' as i was n't aware that it could be used that way . 
  but is n't alsatian rather a dialect of german than of french ? 
  or am i mixing things up here ? 
  and breton a celtic language not a `` dialect '' of french ? 
  i mean over here in austria we do n't call the native burgenlandian croatian a `` dialect '' because that would imply that it is in any way related to german but instead it 's another language on its own . 
  i hope you wo n't vote for the restoration of any monarchy without living in that country and suffering the consequences of said decision . 
  i do n't know about you but i 'd much rather have crazy `` gun nuts '' do the fighting than me . 
  the vote for mandatory military service was the biggest crime against youth in our recent history . 
  i do n't want it to be repeated on a european level . 
  i do n't see why this is such an unacceptable answer ? 
  almost all the dictators did horrible things , so i do n't see why french people can say they admire napoleon , if only for the good things he did , but he ca n't say that he admires pinochet for the good things he did ( from his point of view ) . 
  i do n't recall him saying he admires all the atrocities pinochet committed , no ? 
  i think if you ask about which dictators are admired you should n't be shocked at such answers , but rather happy that no-one said hitler or stalin yet . 
  well i ask in french and they answer in english . 
  i do n't know what 's more annoying :d, 
  what do you swiss actually think about people from `` vorarlberg '' ? 
  i suspect it might just be like bavaria & austria . 
  it sounds very similar but you can still make out the differences . 
  i do n't see why my comment merits such a passive-aggressive response . 
  lisbon , maybe ? 
  i 've never actually been there , but i 've only ever heard good things about it . 
  i think we had lots of rivalries in our history but right now we are a bit to insignificant for anyone to hate us back . 
  maybe turkey , ... that lunatic sultan over there really does n't like us , it seems . 
  yeah but what he meant is that there are significant differences in pronunciation of `` the language of the south '' , if you will , between the north and the south ( and all the other different regions ) . 
  and if someone , incorrectly , considers one version to be more correct it 's * always * the northern one . 
  an outstanding choice !, 
  i need to add that i 'm a very big fan of the abgb myself . 
  if you 're a boy : maybe ~ 20 $ - 100 $ depending on how much you want to drink . 
  a normal evening would maybe be ~ 25 $ if you 're a girl : ~ 0,00 $, 
  gottkaiser werner faymann is already on his way !, 
  because ~ 65 % of the women i have spoken to , concerning this subject , are super pro mandatory military service as long as they do n't have to do it . 
  like `` it 's cool that the guys have to do it , but why should i do it , you know i 'm a girl , right ? '', 
  and then 5 mins later they talk about how women are always discriminated against and how there need to be equal rights and equal obligations for everyone . 
  so right now it 's an issue that only really bugs a small part of the population , but if someone were to touch it , they could have half the population against them very quickly . 
  ( the actually best option , that is abolishing mandatory military service , unfortunately seems even more unlikely though ), 
  `` moruk '' ~ friend , i think ; `` wallah , ich schw\u00f6r '' - i swear ; `` brate '' - brother ; `` amk ( amina koyim ( i think that 's how it 's written ) ) '' - some turkish insult ; `` babo '' ~ boss ; etc , etc there are many more examples . 
  not everyone uses them but they 're definitely not unheard of . 
  ok thank you , 
  soo if you were to be interested in the language , could you learn with both portuguese and brazilian resources or are they so far apart that you have to make your decision from the very beginning ? 
  is there a standard version that is understood by everyone and pretty much the same but in everyday life you speak in your regional or dialectical versions or are they almost two different languages ? 
  syrians seem to be quite a bit more educated and willing to integrate than chechens . 
  almost every week there 's a huge news story about a big fight between afghans and chechens . 
  i have n't heard a similar thing about syrians . 
  if you ever see women running around in a nijab ( is that the right word ? ), 
  most of the time they are chechens . 
  many of them have the typical `` muslim beard '' and hit the gym every day . 
  they seem to have grown up in some sort of a `` warrior culture '' since all they care about is their honour and their fighting prowess hence their willingness to go to the gym almost every day . 
  now i did n't notice how they were perceived in the 00s when they arrived , since i was way too young to notice what 's going on around me back then , but almost 20 years later they are , to most people , the prime example of integration gone wrong . 
  marcel hirscher and david alaba, 
  judging by the cars , yes . 
  and many czechs and austrians and germans too . 
  however i 'm afraid at the beach i would n't be able to distinguish between croats , czechs , poles , ... ( i know , i know shame on me ), 
  whenever there 's a football match involving any of the former yugoslavic countries , many sons and daughters of immigrants from former yugoslavia come out of their respective districts and fight each other . 
  serbians vs croatians vs bosnians ... 
  it 's always a pretty big story with loads of police and stuff . 
  it seems to me that not everyone could leave the war behind . 
  there always is that one german person that thinks that his own language is some kind of provincial language only spoken by a handful of people in central africa and is genuinely surprised when people want to learn it . 
  `` you want to learn german ? 
  but why ? 
  it 's sooo useless and so difficult to learn . 
  why do n't you learn spanish/chinese/irish / quechua instead ??? '', 
  annoying . 
  ah i remember back when i was in ireland with my friends ( all of us staunch non supporters of man united ) when it came to which club you irish support almost everyone said : \u201e anyone but united '' . 
  i immediately felt at home . 
  :d good times . 
  i 'd quite like an eu wide resolution on that matter or just support for eu members getting repeatedly called `` nazis '' by turkish officials on numerous occasions ( netherlands , germany , austria , ... ) and turkish officials trying to sow unrest within the turkish populations of western europe . 
  nah no problem . 
  i 'm not offended . 
  it 's just kind of funny that you immediately associate austria with archaic medieval laws . 
  i would n't have made that association . 
  but maybe it 's that famous german directness , 
  you even seem to have a great sense of humour . 
  polite + great sense of humour . 
  i think i 'm growing more and more fond of you guys : ^ ), 
  tanzverbot sounds like 15th century feudal europe . 
  and you 're surprised that austria is n't like that . 
  ah germans , you got ta love them . 
  polite and pleasant , just as you 'd imagine : ^ ), 
  you can get away with saying some very , very nasty stuff about germans , yes . 
  aaaah alright haha . 
  that was not too obvious  but kaiserschmarrn is n't stuffed . 
  there 's nothing inside . 
  what ? 
  no seriously , to what kind of food are you referring ? 
  yeah germans always tend to think they understand any kind of austrian dialect as long as they only read it . 
  once you hear it spoken to you , you wo n't be so sure about that anymore . 
  even i , an austrian myself , wo n't understand everything he says . 
  it 's very strange that the german president gets elected in parliament and the people have basically no say in it . 
  i mean after all he 's the head of the state but he 's not democratically legitimised . 
  your humour seems to be alright though , 
  what this is n't a thing everywhere in europe ? 
  that really surprised me, 
  exactly . 
  the only thing that connects me with northern germans is language ( and that is n't a given when talking about north germans ) .
