  that one time i went to barcelona , i used that song the moment i saw sagrada . 
  it made everything incredibly grandiose . 
  it was amazing . 
  though to be honest , i thought everyone heard this song before and that it was n't that obscure . 
  my `` everyone knows '80s bias '' is showing . 
  a friggin ' cool song , it is . 
  m a x i m u m c u c k o l d r y, 
  [ la sagrada familia the wind has changed the storm is over la sagrada familia for the lion and the lamb la sagrada familia we thank the lord the danger 's over la sagrada familia there 's peace throughout the land ] ( https://youtu.be/csws_pa-wxy ), 
  that does n't refute the points . 
  he 's sourced it as well . 
  and all you come back with is ` muh bias ' . 
  egh , again with this shit . 
  biased or not , if it 's so blatantly false , it 's incredibly easy to refute the points he made , is it not ? 
  it happesn to the best of us < 3, 
  huh , what do you think of an article like [ this ] ( https://gowans.wordpress.com/2013/12/23/seven-myths-about-the-ussr/ ) ? 
  * thorough goddangit , now we have to invade you guys as well . 
  those . . those are n't cookies . 
  what is happening here ? 
  oh shit you 're right . 
  i need to sleep . 
  ho there easy with those insults and slurs !, 
  nonononononononononono the foreskin is laden with sex-sensitive neurons !, 
  this is something even wikipedia can tell you !, 
  there are so many advantages of keeping your foreskin and the ones against ( hygiene and masturbation ) are simply retarded in today 's world . 
  it 's more like an entire mona lisa by this point . 
  as long as we are still bombing their houses , i ca n't really blame them . 
  it 's almost like you totally did n't read the rest of the conversation . 
  oh yeah , that 's totally what the paper you linked claimed . 
  they definitely concluded with a `` social sciences got rekt 2017 !!! 1 ! '', 
  oh wait , they did n't . 
   reproducibility is not well understood because the incentives for individual scientists prioritize novelty over replication . 
  innovation is the engine of discovery and is vital for a productive , effective scientific enterprise . 
  however , innovative ideas become old news fast . 
  journal reviewers and editors may dismiss a new test of a published idea as unoriginal . 
  the claim that `` we already know this '' belies the uncertainty of scientific evidence . 
  innovation points out paths that are possible ; replication points out paths that are likely ; progress relies on both . 
  replication can increase certainty when findings are reproduced and promote innovation when they are not . 
  this project provides accumulating evidence for many findings in psychological research and suggests that there is still more work to do to verify whether we know what we think we know . 
  they attribute the findings to the scientific culture of ` novelty  replicability ' , because novelty gives you money , replicability does n't . 
  capitalism and the profit incentive , corrupting your scientific institutions one faculty at a time . 
  and what about all the social sciences papers that are replicable and have significant findings ? 
  are we going to disregard them as ` bogus ' ? 
  and as another commenter already stated , social sciences are * hard * . 
  it 's an applied science of an applied science of an applied science of an applied science of an applied science . 
  there are so many finer nuances that you seem to gloss over , simply because you have this narrow mindset that somehow this field of science is a ` cult ' . 
  fuck off mate . 
  so one poor paper that gets published discredits an entire field of science ? 
  [ oh boy , physics ai n't worth shit then . ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/science/2016/oct/22/nonsense-paper-written-by-ios-autocomplete-accepted-for-conference ) . 
  and boy , failure to reproduce [ is n't a problem inherent to social sciences ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/1-500-scientists-lift-the-lid-on-reproducibility-1.19970 ) . 
  edit : [ obligatory veritasium ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42quxluch3q ), 
  [ this part in the original ] ( https://youtu.be/ldq7hxmlxgc?t=2m15s ) all ottava bascially means singing the notes one octave higher , giving it a bit more * oomph * . 
  that had pretty high production value . 
  but i do have to give it criticism for not doing the * all ottava * after the modulation . 
  oh hey , it almost sounds like you took a buzzword , had no idea what it encompasses and slap it on everything you deem bad . 
  it almost sounds like you completely disregard the fact that ` intersectionaly ' as a praxis is already applied in fields of psychology and social care . 
  but you would n't be able to identify what intersectionality is even if it started pissing in your face . 
  do you know what ` intersectionality ' means though ? 
  well then call him frank , the super impressive deal broker that 's gon na bring all the boys to the yard , lord of the backyard , owner of three cats and driver of the opel astra . 
  give him a nice suit , an impressive hat and a decent paycheck . 
  why ca n't we all just accept that a life of luxury due to birthright is archaic as fuck ? 
  why would we need a king to broker those trade deal tho . 
  ca n't frank from next door do that just as well with a smaller paycheck ? 
  please do n't say that man . 
  those guys were regular joe 's , farmers , suffering under the yoke of a ruling class that ruthlessly oppressed them . 
  and when they 'd take up arms to revolt against that oppression , the us 'd come in , kill the peasants , install a dictator and continue oppressing . 
  saying that those millions of civilian murders the us committed was to safeguard from ` the threat of communism ' is just lunacy . 
  whatever happened to democracy ? 
  those guys did n't even want to join the soviet union necessarily . 
  but the soviets were looking after them it seemed at least . 
  the us just wanted their bananas . 
  look , i 'm not really a fan of the soviet union as well . 
  they had their share of atrocities and human rights violations . 
  but saying that the us were the good guys in all of this is a gross misrepresentation of history . 
  they were both shite . 
  edit : [ also this . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/g5rvd_txrjo ), 
  well , they were also liberated . 
  except from the horrors because their farmers and workers wanted communism . 
  and we ca n't have the common man wanting that !, 
  so the us killed them . 
  over and over and over and over and over again . 
  all the countries in south america , central america , korea , vietnam and many more would like to have a word with you . 
  no , because the us never occupied eastern europe . 
  but saying that the us ` liberated ' us is just flat out wrong . 
  i just do n't buy that ` ussr good , usa bad ' dichotomy . 
  yeah , most of us ' atrocities were committed in other countries , but does that make them better ? 
  is it just a matter of ` well , as long as they do n't stomp all over me , it 's all good . 
  what ? 
  usa did n't do it for ` liberation ' or goodness sake . 
  they just wanted to control half the world , which they did achieve . 
  their tactics might 've been more under-handed and directed at south-america and other asia , but they 've been just as if not more vile than the ussr . 
  well you better get used to that and my severe halitosis !, 
  the declaration of human rights would like to have a word with you . 
  except if you 're american . 
  im saying we can do better and be less wasteful . 
  everyone needs a bare minimum of money . 
  why set up a complex structure of benefits when we could just as well cover it with nit ? 
  do people have an unalienable right to lead at least some form of dignified life , free of stigma , regardless of occupation and social class ? 
  doesnt make it any less of a waste that we spend the money on that bureaucracy in the first place . 
  we 're coming for your toothbrushes , you capitalist !,
