   any idea which hinges on someone else 's willingness to do something nice is a bad idea . 
  it does n't hinge on someone else doing something nice , it 's a trade of . 
  the turks will need to get something and so do we . 
   the ultimate solution is to eliminate the pull factors in europe . 
  a dramatic reform of welfare is needed . 
  in my opinion the welfare should focus on providing free education and health care to the population , and not giving people any cash benefits . 
  unemployment benefits should be paid by the trade unions from the members insurance fees . 
  no child benefits . 
  good point , also about the cash benefits . 
  well the poles have a frigate the us decommissioned two decades ago after decades of faithful service . 
  that 's impossible . 
   must overcome their nationalism that 's the wrong angle . 
  they must overcome nothing . 
  this ` union ' will have to prove it is a better alternative than their current countries . 
  if you remove the french part this could be something . 
  probably not . 
  at least not as long as the saudi 's finance islam ( ism ) in europe . 
  then there 's that issue with the quran . 
  the difference between christianity and islam is that islam is very proud of its ` purity ' , the quran today is the same one as 15 centuries ago , many even learn arabic to read it in its original language , and not a translated version . 
  the bible is a completely different story , it 's content has been changed numerous times , many of stories were written long after they supposedly happened , and the christian authorities have removed and added stories during its history . 
  numerous translations have always changed context and content . 
  do n't know , but you can wear a colander on your drivers license/id/passport now i gues . 
  the dutch proposal is a rather good idea , the only issue is wether the turks want to cooperate ( their full cooperation is needed to make it succesful ) and how many european countries want to contribute by accepting a part of the 150.000-250 .000 people . 
  i would n't even mind if it would be more than 250.000 , we 're probably going to see around 1,5 million this year if things do n't change , even a million is a reduction , and if not , i would still rather see 1,5 million people coming in this way , than coming in the current way . 
  since the smugglers will be put out of business , and we will recieve only legit refugees and properly balanced demographics . 
  wait , there 's some irony in there somewhere ... 
  or acquire their 6th identity and try again right away . 
  is it naivety or self hatred ? 
  i always thought it was the first . 
  sarcasm and internet often do n't mix up all too well . 
  with your flair , and occam 's razor , i went for the most likely option . 
  sounds like a powerful tool , their citizens will turn against their governments if that happens . 
  they 're swedish not germans , they do n't share your self loathing . 
  now go give yourself your daily lashes , and do it properly this time , i will check on your scars . 
  same as this half , they 'll stay illegally in sweden . 
  it seems they do indeed , and that should put the rest of europe to shame considering the quality of our politicians . 
  enjoy your unemployment , accumulating debts and stagnation then . 
  if we had politicians who could see past the tip of their nose . 
  vanilla [ 1 ] ( https://www.lafaza.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/pgv-and-beans-close-up.jpg ), 
  a strawman does not empower your argument / u/slyratchet, 
   i said already in a different comment that illegals should be deported . 
  that 's the one and only solution . 
  not carrying them around europe because nobody wants them but you ca n't get rid of them otherwise . 
   whilst helping the legitimate refugees . 
  legitimate refugees can be helped in their own region . 
  no reason for them to be in europe , if europe wants to help them , then make sure they do n't have to flee , and if they really have to , do n't have to flee far and not pay criminals to bring them anywhere . 
  but how would you go about ditching the euro ? 
  that 's the elephant in the room is n't it ? 
   you 're aware that the eu has existed for some 60 years now ? 
  the eu only exists for 24 years now . 
   it 's been a pretty huge success , it was a succes when it was only about an economic trade area , it went into being a giant disaster the moment it started to become more than that . 
   largest economy on the planet , nafta is larger . 
   including countries with the highest standards of living in the world , and what do they share ? 
  no euro , and not even eu membership for some . 
  ( switserland , norway , iceland )  all thanks to our fantastic synthesis of the common market and labour mobility and worker and human rights legislation . 
  all despite that , because they once were something . 
  no it is n't . 
  these people should n't be here , forcefuly spreading them out between people that do n't want them to places the illegals do n't want to be is not a solution in any way . 
  because they stopped it it never escalated . 
  that 's why maroccans and algerians fly to turkey to go into europe . 
   legislation is already in the works in many eu countries . 
  sure , sure , it 's just that everything is always in the works in europe , nothing gets done , it all fails , and things only get worse . 
  i 'll believe it when i see it , and until that time that will most probably never come the word of a european politician is worth less than the paper its written on . 
   it 's call the refugee relocation scheme . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  which is why i look forward to internal borders returning . 
  spain got help , the eu gave millions for their fences in manilla and ceuta . 
  together with hungary , spain is the only country in europe that can manage a border . 
  that 's praise worthy . 
   distribute refugees which arrive in eu soul around the eu according to member states ability to support them  not before the borders are shut . 
   provide greece with the resources to process asylum claims to separate the refugees from the purely economic migrants . 
  waste of time since either ends up in the same place . 
   deport the economic migrants back to a country of origin . 
  did n't happen , does n't happen , will not happen . 
  they are n't send back though . 
  gas pistols and other pellet rifles are legal here too , not allowed to carry them in plain sight though . 
   france doing its best to fix you must be the funniest at home . 
   uk 's shit actually it 's france 's shit . 
  yes but the uk does n't have the same upgrades , also a different version i believe . 
  it 's an ideological issue here , poland improved , but the current government is not fancied by the establishment . 
  in present day europe truth is whatever you mold it into . 
  is n't that already the case in many countries ? 
  in the netherlands you lose your citizenship if you join a foreign military . 
  except isis , because isis is officially not an army . 
  he 's talking about the tornado . 
  it 's not even the spending that 's the primary issue , it 's the corruption and mismanagement that has left the german military in disarray . 
  i always wondered what a minister of defense that never even served could know about the military . 
  i gues it 's one of those posts were you do n't need qualifications or experience , and indeed sort of a holding position . 
  not saying nothing was doing well , just that overall we 're years behind . 
  a few parts manufacturers , but we do n't have the knowledge nor skill to build someting like the f-35 or pak fa . 
  actually it 's around 0.8 % of gdp , because our government choses to add the coast guard/sar budget to make it look better than it is . 
  our military is in the same sad state . 
  at least the germans still have tanks . 
  not if you talk about an assault rifle . 
  but if you talk about high tech weaponry , like fighter jets and uav 's , missiles , even helicopters , europe is far behind . 
  just merge bavaria with austria , you will have maximum quota 's and get a state which can politically restrain the remnants of germany . 
  the only value a european politician has is money . 
  if rouhani would have offered money for humping a dead goat renzi would be doing it on top of the statue if needed . 
  oh yes , another helicopter producer , just what we needed with falling defense budgets around europe and increased international competition . 
  perhaps , but not before tons of other stuff has been reformed , solved , and federalized though .
