  the solution is to just import from the us , usually cheaper and better material . 
  the market will eventually take care of the european defense industry if they do n't do it themselves . 
  it 's racist , but it 's also pragmatic and sensible . 
  why are migrants without paperwork allowed to stay anyway . 
  each migrant without id does not qualify for asylum . 
  i disagree , sanctions should be lifted when the donbass issue is solved . 
  while there are opportunities , i also see threats for the city . 
  because the industry will become more local/decentralized and less global/centralized . 
  the industry itself will also see its margins decline , so it will be tapping turnover from a shrinking pool . 
  we see this with a lot of things , 10 years ago bigger was better , in this day and age smaller is becoming the new bigger . 
  the eu will not try to regulate the financial industry away , rather they will try to regulate the innovation away as is custom in europe . 
  no need to , self sustaining would be ideal , but a temporary population reduction can be a blessing to society . 
  it does n't sound like a bad idea but rather a tad incomplete , instead of just locking them in a room we should lock them in a room inside a nuclear bunker , swallow the key , and fill the entrance with concrete so as to make room for a new generation of politicians . 
  the current one is broken and the manufacturer warranty is no longer applicable . 
  thus we can discard of it . 
  the financial industry is running its last years though , in 5-10 years the first major banks will start falling and they wo n't be replaced by other institutional theft , they will be replaced by the sharing economy and innovation seeking a better relation between surplus and deficit units with as less in between it as reasonably possible . 
   russia pulling out of [ ... ] crimea . 
  that will happen when pentecost and easter fall on the same day . 
   most of these guys are sent back after the first interview . 
  what parallel dimension are you in ? 
  no we should all become philosophers and reason in choir how we can not do the obvious because of a story i 'm about to write to appear intelligent and compassionate . 
  the truth is not suffici\u00ebnt , so they lie until it is . 
  what a surprise , i had no idea . 
  you ca n't say ` let 's all assemble before the municipal office tomorrow ! ', 
  but you can say ` who 's interested in an assembly at the municipal office ? ', 
  if you call for an assembly without notifying authorities 24 hours in advance and recieving permission from the authorities , the authorities can issue a local ban on assemblies for example , or in this case you can recieve a police officers asking you to not do that again or to remove the call from the internet . 
  the issue is that the dutch government is pushing insane amounts of refugees in small cities/towns . 
  they try to keep them out of the big cities , by for example placing 1200 refugees in villages with 150 citizens . 
  that leads to a lot of friction , and is both detrimental to the refugee as well as the local population . 
  for example a city like amsterdam only has 1300 refugees , while numerous villages with a few hundred or a few thousand people recieve the same amount . 
  the mayors often accept this with monetary gains as motivation , the local citizens are often not happy with it . 
  mayors often lie , repress , and try to prevent public debate in any way possible , for example by speeding everything up so fast there 's not even time for opposition . 
  yes it is . 
  eventhough we never had the freedom the us had , things are getting rather extreme and pretty uncomfortable these days . 
  no doubt , the one undeniable fact in life , we 're all going to die at some point , and we all hope that happens when we 've reached a decent age . 
  yes you do , your request can be denied or altered . 
  you can discuss it , but you ca n't call for it . 
  not as much as it deserves . 
  yes this is real , and it 's just as ridiculous as it looks . 
  they did n't just visit some people at home , they went as far as visiting twitter users on their work for tweeting about a referendum . 
  that 's a whole other level , employers do n't like police officers visiting them because of what employees say/do . 
  you need a permit for that , the netherlands does not have the right to peaceful assembly unless permission is both asked and granted . 
   it would be a great idea if we had a similar standard of living in all countries . 
   that 's not in our hands . 
  these are the ideal specimens for a one way trip to mars in the name of science . 
  as unlikely as it sounds , these people could actually be useful , and back on earth our society would improve . 
  seems like a win-win . 
  i 've no idea , many countries are currently phasing their panavia tornado 's out , some with the f-35 ( the uk , italy etc. ), 
  and germany has hinted at building its own successor , so i gues that could be the next european plane . 
  but i 'm not sure what the odds are , as it 's managed currently , i do n't think europe will be building fighter jets in the future . 
  design/development and production is simply too expensive for one or two countries to do as opposed to importing one , especially with the numbers a european airforce orders . 
  the only way i see this industry surviving is by joining it together . 
  not sure if there will be any . 
  and if so , not any time soon . 
  the ef was designed primarily as an superiority fighter , this is also where it beats the f-35 . 
  the f-35 is primarily a strike fighter . 
   i know that 's why the french opted-out . 
  big mistake from the british to not help them lobby for a carrier version . 
   no , the british and germans were okay with producing a carrier based version . 
  the french came up with ridiculous demands wanting to pull around half of the development and construction to france , that 's what the others denied . 
   the eurofighter ca n't even be used on an aircraft-carrier . 
  now the brits have to shell out a shitload of cash to buy f-35 so their future carriers actually have aircrafts to carry . 
   they planned to build a carrier based eurofighter , but they scrapped that when the french left the project . 
  the rafale has a separate version for the navy , it would n't be hard to have made such a version for the ef , but there was no demand for that . 
  the swiss airforce has their own uses for planes , this is not universally usuable . 
  well that 's one person , at antifa they all seem like violent , self-righteous terrorists . 
  is n't that what we 've been supporting and have made into a multi-billion dollar business the past years ? 
   rafale puts eurofighter to school in agility , avionics , missions , payloads and time in the air . 
  that 's debatable , but ;  i think france pulled a classic , like a f16 or a mig 21 . 
  is very unlikely , given its unsuccesful sales . 
  also makes it harder to finance a succesor and upgrades . 
  the ef has managed to sell a lot more . 
  it would 've been a lot better had they build one with all of them . 
  i 'm not sure , antifa seems to be the more violent side . 
  pegida seems more decent than them . 
  the eurofighter is a bigger succes , it has nearly 4 times as much sales as the rafale . 
  it 's really a shame they did n't make one together . 
   the argentinian claim to the falklands is shaky at best i think ` ridiculous ' is more accurate . 
  shaky implies it has some merit , but it does n't . 
  that has more merit than the falklands being annexed by argentina . 
  it feels rather odd that he has managed to get this position and still has that many support though . 
  even if temporary it 's quite frightening that there 's a considerable group that forms a fifth column in british society . 
  i ca n't see any of this stand here for example . 
  and technically , all regions on this planet except africa are settled and have no native population . 
  it 's just that when a people live somewhere for generations they become native , and the falklanders fall into that category . 
  the problem is it never really stopped . 
  we 're currently recieving more than we did last year in this period , it 's likely we will see higher numbers in spring , summer and autumn too . 
  britain , the perfidious albion , has constructed policies such that they are not obliged to take in people from europe , but can deport them to other european countries under the dublin conventions . 
  yes , because the engines broke down for their coast and they needed to be rescued . 
  obviously the africans ca n't just push back ships that are in distress . 
  the eu does not have the power to do anything , it 's all about the memberstates , they failed in a common response , and lacked forsight , a spine and solidarity . 
  the eu ca n't be blamed for things it has no real grip on . 
  belgium is the same though , it 's just a new phenomenon for the swedes , and we 've been seeing it since the '60s . 
   til that 21.5 % of sweden 's population are immigrants , up from 14.5 % 14 years earlier o_o that includes finns , norwegians , danish , germans , poles , spanish , greeks , romanians etc. 
  matching nasa 's funding was not the goal . 
  with 13 billion per year there 's a whole world of options opening up for the european space program . 
  and currently only sweden , the netherlands , germany , italy and france have a space program . 
  with 23 additional states providing some funding it 's easy to raise the budgets , even if it 's just a few hundred million per state depending on size . 
  that 's not old as in design , but old as in years of service/operating hours . 
  i was more talking about design .
