  well to be honest the ` united europe ' is currently fracturing it more than anything . 
  the economic/financial divide of north and south , the migration and foreign policy divide of east and west , the currency divide , the open borders divide etc. 
  there 's cracks all over the place currently , some argue a fracture is not the worst of all evils currently . 
  i myself would like to see nothing more gladly than a united europe , but i keep getting disappointed . 
  they only seem to make things worse every day . 
   back when there was still an eastern block to speak of , no people from the eastern europe ever came into austria , ever , yeah ? 
  having control over your borders does n't mean nobody is getting in or out . 
  it means that you know who comes in and goes out , and sure sometimes you miss one or two , but when you miss a million you 've obviously completely lost control . 
   but with a democracy there is some accountability external accountability . 
  with a meritocracy , the only accountability is to a system , which is controlled by people who have no outward accountability . 
   as i 've said in previous comments , there are variable ways of introducing accountability in a meritocracy , and it would need to be an important pillar of it . 
  you keep gurgling up the same incoherent rambling . 
  if you think the stalinist regime was a meritocracy there 's really no valuable discourse to be had with you , especially if you ignore everything that 's said to you and make up your own etymology . 
   who are we to turn to for numbers then ? 
  nobody , that 's the issue with these statistics , reliable numbers do n't exist . 
   that is the thing : there are so many extreme differences between all the guesstimates out there that apparantly no one can be trusted , including the people that claim ' 80 % ' migrants or the ones that do the reverse ( 80 % or more are refugees ) . 
  it 's not just an issue of trust . 
  europe effectively does not have borders , anyone can walk in and out currently . 
  without registering all of them we can only gues how many , who , from where and when comes in and goes out . 
   whatever it is , the estimate above falls in the wide range of numbers out there already , yet still there is far from any consensus on the truth of the matter . 
  correct . 
  so i gues it 's hard to say wether timmermans made a blunder , or others would just rather pick other numbers that match their political beliefs better . 
  merit . 
   the higher up you are , the more influence you have , and the more connections you have to influence mechanism you may not have direct control over . 
  so that 's the same everywhere , democracy , meritocracy , oligarchy , hardly an argument against one particular system , just something to always keep in mind . 
   there is actually a fairly sizable list of german speaking exilants that left 33-45 . 
  g\u00f6del , von neumann , einstein , haber as some examples . 
  wernher von braun , adolf eichmann , joseph mengele , quite some that fled germany indeed . 
  nato is the us subsidizing european defense and watching over its children in europe . 
  a fractured europe is not very interesting to defend for the us , especially since they stand to gain much less than they do currently , and nato can not easily intervene in conflicts between nato memberstates themselves . 
  but the issue is that many of the illegals are never registered and do n't apply for asylum , so nobody knows how many come in . 
  also of those 90 % refugees some have fake passports for example , or 5 identities until one works , or no identity at all and just a sob story . 
  all in all i do n't think anybody can say anything statistically correct about this because europe does not have a grasp on the situation . 
  i 've no idea , in dutch we have the proverb ` beschaving is flinterdun ' . 
  which means something like ` civilization is thin as a slice ', 
   look at how china 's confucian meritocracy basically devolved into nepotism and classism . 
  even if you would call china a meritocracy , which i would n't , one example is hardly determining anything when talking about a blanket system of governance . 
   if my son 's a moron and i 'm high up in the meritocracy , you best believe i 'm going to manipulate the system so he gets a similar or better position as me . 
  you would n't be in a position to manipulate the system . 
  separation of powers and duties and all that is not only applicable to democracy . 
   it 'd end up being a contest of popularity and influence . 
  that 's more like the current system . 
  arguably some democracies can already be described as oligarchies . 
  the us for example . 
   decision jobs at the national level are very complex , touching many different disciplines . 
  so that means you pick the one with the best merit between the doctor and the hospital manager . 
  who do you think is more competent , the person who knows how to do a heart transplant , or the person who knows how to manage a hospital that does hart transplants ? 
  should n't be too hard . 
   by merit is by no means an easy or straightforward decision . 
  of course it is , and sometimes people may not be so competent as they appeared , in which case they will be replaced . 
  in any case we 're not going to have perfection with any system . 
  he 's not powerless . 
  for example he plays a role in coalition forming , he appoints military officers , appoints judges for life , handles foreign trade and cultural relations . 
   and the fact that parliament does n't have members that are beholden to the opinion of any single person is the point of a democracy . 
  you want the government to always do what you tell them to do ? 
  that 's not democracy , that 's called `` being a dictator '' . 
  you should read the whole story next time and not get triggered so fast by some words or combinations . 
  it is n't , you should open a dictionary once , seems you have no clue what a dictatorship is nor what a meritocracy is . 
  you should read some of the replies too , seems you lost the context there . 
  my reply about meritocracy started the whole comment tree , gerrit conflated dictatorship to meaning ` all forms of governance except democracy ' , and i responded to that . 
  if you missed the context i understand your confusion though . 
  jea , that 's the whole idea behind that safe guard . 
  it 's not better to look at the swiss model , the swiss model is incompatible with the idea . 
   if you place people with different specializations/merits under a specific cabinet , it 's no longer an meritocracy . 
  then you have oligarchy ... how did you come to that ? 
  your comment does not make much sense to me to be honest . 
  a meritocracy can work , just as our democracy , with a cabinet of ministers and a parliament . 
  in fact in can work exactly the same as our current system , the only difference being people are not chosen by election but by merit . 
  and a developed form of meritocracy does not suddenly become an oligarchy any more so than a developed democracy does . 
   migration is only way to solve demographic crises current migration does not solve the demographic crises , it worsens them . 
  one should also keep in mind populations can not grow eternally , especially not in densily populated european countries . 
  besides , a temporary reduction in population can be a blessing to younger generations and wealth equality . 
   eu falls apart in a very bitter way leaving relations between curtain countries to be very sour and somewhat hostile relations . 
  most likely a break up wo n't be friendly , and things would turn from bad to worse . 
   it would be hard for the us to adjust its foreign policy with a fractured europe , a fractured europe fighting with itself is of no interest to the us , so the us would probably employ a more ` hands of ' aproach and leave us to our own demise . 
  americans are aware that ` stern letters ' and ` concernedness intensifying ' hardly ever leads to results in europe . 
  europeans need a slap on the wrist to learn , and hopefuly this will work like that . 
  otherwise these lax countries have no one but themselves to thank . 
  you 're probably not old enough to have seen them digging it . 
  but you can still see some remnants around normandy and most of the european northern coastal area all the way up to norway . 
  the ` digging the holes ' is the same as the ` germans stole our bicycles ' . 
  it 's a parody of their atlantic wall during ww2 . 
  they have no one but themselves to thank for it , maybe it will stir some things up in these lax countries and lead to some results for once . 
   i thought a big chunk of europe intentionally had easy to cross borders to make getting around region less of a hassle and promote international relations . 
  it was intended for europeans , not the entire world to use . 
   i know what a meritocracy is . 
   then why do you confuse it with a dictatorship . 
   but ultimately its humans judging humans . 
  elections are humans judging humans . 
   if you think that every human will suddenly be selfless and objective in their actions you are naive . 
  so of to blanket statements and fallacies now are we ? 
  something along those lines , yes . 
  for example with the current refugee crisis and if most europeans are not happy with how it is managed one way or the other , we ` fire ' our government and then it 's up to the system to find the most competent people that can get us through this crisis . 
   my problem with `` meritocracy '' is that there seems to be no clear definition of what people actually mean . 
  the same is true for democracy though . 
  if you look around the world you see dozens of democratic systems , from monarchies , to republics , direct and indirect democracy , guardian councils and money-rules-all election schemes , proportional representation to first past the post etc. 
  the same is true for meritocracy . 
  election is to a democracy what merit is to a meritocracy , anything in between is open for discussion . 
  as such the difference between a democratic and meritocratic system can be minor to even abstract . 
  that 's more like a monarchy .
