* that * is the first thing you think of when seeing a new piece of land the size of portugal ? 
  there 's enough room in africa for massive refugee camps . 
  [ there ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4152/5097598506_ab0f1f5d42_b.jpg ) you go . 
   even against women and children crossing the green border , she answered : yes . '', 
  they keep spicying up the details it seems . 
  what 's next , she said yes to eating baby 's for breakfast and reopening auschwitz ? 
   i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  i would be more sorry for the british . 
  seems like a rare specimen this laron . 
  one of those old fashioned narcissistic multikulti sectarians . 
  i thought they were almost extinct these days . 
  and turkey did not do anything to stem the flow , so i gues that 's great , and we do n't have to pay anymore either . 
  they 're not returned to their country if they 're caught . 
  we pay billions of euro 's each year to our military and security services . 
  closing the border does not require money , it requires will . 
  the rest is all there . 
  does the fence of hungary cost money ? 
  sure , but so little extra that you do n't need to raise any tax . 
  and yet you 've never seen groot-nederland ? 
  [ 1 ] ( http://nsm03.casimages.com/img/2010/05/13//100513090734970736025500.jpg ), 
  ` weapons ' can also mean a lot of things . 
  does n't have to be a rifle with lethal bullets , can be anything from batons to tear gas , taser guns to rubber bullets . 
  yes , and during spring , and during summer , and during autumn . 
  only as a whole theoretically we could , even without economic sanctions , but they wo n't . 
  for example , just give a declaration that the eu recognizes greece 's borders as athens claims them and patrol them as such . 
  but that kind of unified response would never happen . 
  turkey is not going to be of any help to us . 
  that country ca n't be trusted , especially not in a situation where they hold all the leverage and we none . 
  for now , it is just a testing phase . 
  it can go 40km/h according to the article , still not really fast , but is is more or less sufficient seeing as 50 is the max speed in city centers . 
  they reduce the maximum speed for safety and put them on bike tracks ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
   but this does n't explain who decides the criteria for necessary merit , if the parliament is not in existence yet ? 
  who decides which labor unions , which industry representantives , which ngo 's and so on fill the criteria for entering the first parliament ? 
  the labour unions , branche unions and all the others who pick their leaders . 
   how would these be arranged ? 
  would they be constitutionally set for regular intervals ( like every four years ) or just if some requirements are met ( what requirements ) ? 
  and would the referendum be a vote of no confidence to the entire parliament , just some part of the parliament or just the ministers ? 
  with a certain amount of signatures , they will be for both the parliament and ministers . 
  but it would be the political ` nuke ' , it would only be used incidental in extreme cases when the government can no longer perform its duties . 
   i 'd also note that if the parliament chooses the ministers , this will eventually give rise to government-opposition dynamics in the parliament , as the organizations making up the majority of the parliament decide to cooperate and select the ministers from among their own , leaving the organizations in the opposition without representation among the ministers . 
  there will always be opposition since parliament is made up of a diverse set of representatives from all segments of society representing all sorts of interests . 
  seats in parliament are static , meaning it is not possible to have 10 seats go to industry leaders and 2 to labour union leaders and 1 to environmental leaders etc. 
  so there 's always a delicate balance , thus opposition , and most parts of society represented . 
   in this case , it is also very important who decides how much power these groups have in the parliament ? 
  should an organization with 1 % of the population as members have as much voting power in the parliament as an organization with 35 % of the population as members ? 
  should a global corporation like exxonmobil with a huge revenue have as much voting power in the parliament as some small local bakery ? 
  no , this will be a factor in determining the seat quota 's . 
   so they 'll have to return over the coming years . 
  only ` have to return ' does n't actually makes them disappear like some abra cadabra . 
  there 's the benelux though if the eu falls apart , our open borders with belgium and lux . 
  predate those of the eu . 
  no reason to abolish that too . 
  not a bad idea , if you gave them all a fedora , and one of those fancy walking sticks , and they tap danse in sync they could actually have been amusing . 
  should we worry that that word was actually concieved by george orwell ? 
  sorry , but my comments got a bit high up and there are a dozen people asking the same questions , did n't mean to be rude . 
   but if no one has selected a parliament yet ( nor the ministers , as they would be chosen by the parliament ) , who gets to decide the criteria for sufficient merit for the parliament ? 
  who sets the criteria for the first parliament ? 
  the parliament will consist of the front runners from all segments of society . 
  heads of labour unions , heads of industry/branche unions , heads of environmental organizations , heads of other ngo 's etc. 
   also , when the parliament is set , and the parliament chooses the ministers , who/what makes sure the parliament & ministers do not evolve into a dictatorship in the fear of losing their power ? 
  same as in a democracy , a constitution . 
  and that constitution could be formed as such that amendments to it would require popular vote ( referendum ) . 
  to ensure accountability to the people there should also be a ` no-confidence ' referendum law . 
  both ensure that just like a democracy , the people can remove a government without picking up arms should that be required . 
   i personally think many seekers will move on to other european countries harder to enter , once passports have been acquired , such as the uk . 
   i see sweden as a springboard into such countries that are seen as preferable . 
  that 's how the netherlands lost many of our somalis , when they acquired a passport they all moved to the uk . 
   in light of the globalisation globalization is not islamification . 
   around 40 % as i recall are denied on average . 
  but not deported . 
  so they 'll be around anyway . 
  and what do they want with that 5 billion ? 
  i mean 7 billion is not that much , but obviously if europe would pay them 9 billion they would want to see some results , otherwise it 's just 11 billion euro gone to waste . 
   and they are the same people ? 
  my reply did not say that . 
   with that logic i could say that poland and germany are the same or germany and france . 
  does n't follow either , though obviously a million poles in germany would be far less of a problem than a million middle easterners . 
  it 's you who should do some research , and learn how to read , in whatever order suits you , though i suggest starting with the reading issues . 
  no they did n't , turkey is the one that keeps putting fuel on the fire . 
  us and nato did n't do much of anything . 
  it 's all in my other comments here . 
   01-19-2014 damn , they already infiltrated the place with their dozen posters . 
  if we would be lebanon and belgium syria , i would n't mind that much refugees here . 
  i would say suck it up , it 's your region , your neighbours , your fellow religious people , stop acting as if europe is responsible for all you people and take your responsibility . 
   but could n't you reach a deadlock ? 
   no doubt it can . 
  but are n't we in one currently already ? 
   as an example , if the meritocracy determines the best course of action is to let in refugees and [ do something ] but the people have decided we shall have no refugees at all , would n't they continually kick out the government ? 
  hmm ... no government for years at a time ... we could call this new project `` belgium '' . 
   gathering for example 300.000 signatures is not an easy task that can be repeated every week . 
   also , how do we determine competence ? 
  education and experience in the field for example . 
  i like our minister of defense as an example of this , why not place an experienced ex-officer there , we currently have a defense minister that has studied for being a secretary . 
  `` dehumanised refugees '' apparently i never heard anyone complaining about the dehumanization of danish long term employed or ( partially ) handicapped . 
  or are they inferior humans with less rights to this journalist ? 
  equality should be a thing , if natives seeking welfare must give up their valuables if they own more than x euro , than so should refugees do the same . 
  makes sense , is does n't stop at the border either , why should we . 
  i mentioned a few ways of accountability through popular voting in different comments . 
   euroskeptics arguing otherwise , are complete idiots .
