  a meritocracy does n't need to have a dictator , just as a democracy does n't need to have a single elected leader . 
  in a meritocracy people are also appointed by merit , not by their bloodlines . 
   but a popular referendum to replace the government is basically just an election no it is n't . 
  in an election you determine who governs , albeit more or less indirectly , in this popular referendum you determine who does n't in the case of extreme reasons . 
  one is also structural , the other is incidental . 
   this part is n't really right . 
  well first of all i did n't want to bring it as an absolute truth , nor that i necessarily agree with it , it 's just food for though . 
  the idea has some merit to it . 
   there are n't any recall procedures mid term in many european nations , well there 's the ` no-confidence ' vote , parliament can ask a minister to step down , the pm can demand a minister to step down , in a presidential republic the president can ask the government to step down , and in parliamentary democracies a parliament can also vote for the complete government to step down . 
   completely incompetent politicians that should not rule are certainly not replaced by default , correct . 
  replacing ministers is usually because they trample on certain virtues deemed important to the functioning of our democracy . 
  like lying in front of parliament , for example the recent teeven debate in the netherlands . 
  or if they really make such big mistakes that they endanger the credibility of the sitting cabinet . 
   but someone has to call for the referendum . 
  sure , do it like the dutch referendum law , if you gather 300.000 signatures ( or more in larger countries ) you will have a referendum . 
  you obviously have no clue what a meritocracy is , maybe you should read a bit about it first . 
  sorry for being crude like that , but i read your reply , and this is your second , and i do n't know were to start . 
  i think it 's better if you first read what a meritocracy is . 
  a meritocracy is not a dictatorship . 
   but in a meritocracy who is `` picking '' them ? 
   could be a parliament consisting of labour union leaders , industrial branche leaders , environmental organization leaders , other ngo 's etc. 
   our minister of development , essentially person responsible for polish economy was ceo of a big bank and took even bigger drop in payment . 
  he earns less than 3000 eur right now . 
  so either he was fired and could n't get a comparable job again , or he decided to become minister because he finds that honorable and does n't care much for money , or he in fact does plan on getting better out of this either with corruption , or having become a minister with a promise that if he does a and b during his term company x will have a well paying spot . 
  it is but austria is on the migrant route , especially since hungary has its borders closed . 
  they all want to go to germany , scandinavia and the benelux , the route they mostly take is greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia , austria - ... 
  the only country in this row that has some form of border control is macedonia . 
  because you have the room for that . 
  we for example do n't which is a shame . 
  a few decades back by grandparents would go out eel fishing , and come back with buckets full and eat from it for weeks . 
  i 've tried fishing for eels , but they 're all but extinct here nowadays and extremely expensive to buy , but also extremely delicious . 
   problem is that it 's almost impossible to find someone who is benevolent once awarded power . 
  that 's not the foremost issue , history has known benevolent dictators , the problem is who takes the wheel after your benevolent dictator can not steer anymore through age , retirement , illness or death . 
  that 's were things went wrong most of the times . 
  however in a meritocracy the son wo n't be the successor nor will his friend , or the most loud mouthed powerful figure around . 
  the one who has the most merit will be the next . 
  however in a meritocracy there 's not one persion who leads all , it can be modelled to our current democratic system to a large extent . 
  separatation of powers , reflection by a council/parliament , a constitution ( you could even say that the constitution could only be altered by a referendum ) and even specific procedures for replacement . 
  some people argue that the biggest power of our democracy is not that we elect people to represent us , but rather that we can replace those who should not . 
  this is also not impossible to incorporate in a meritocracy . 
  for example currently parliamentary democracies often have the option of a ` no-confidence vote ' , we could give those powers to a popular referendum . 
  that way there 's always a stick behind the door . 
  that 's not the point of the quote . 
  the point is that in such a highly regulated and managed society it is ludicrous that we 've lost all control over our borders . 
  because ... ? 
  come on , simple one liners do n't contribute much to discussion , while i think this is an interesting subject . 
  because they 're picked based on their education and experience in the field relevant to the ministry they 're supposed to lead . 
  current ministers are often people that were either unfit for the private market , or are using politics as a sconce to the private market . 
  i mean lets be real here , the minister of finance earns 157.000 euro , the ceo of ing earns 1.500.000 euro . 
  that man would n't even consider becoming a minister , a manager several layers below him even earns more than that . 
   i think a lot of europeans are getting frustrated with the political process . 
  the apathy , constant meetings , and the lack of results , the postponed deadlines . 
  at least i am , yes . 
  there 's literally nothing that gets through their hands these days . 
   a proportion ( not going to argue how many here ) even look to the east and see rapid development ( at the expense of human rights , democracy ) democracy is such a buzzword these days . 
  what is this democracy ? 
  our head of state is determined by birth , and our parliament does not have members that represent me , nor do they listen to what i say . 
  and that 's not just me . 
  just listen to their rhetoric , we ` must ' do this , we ` ca n't ' do this , this ` will have to ' happen . 
  none of this includes any form of rule by the people , we 're ruled by ` can not , will not , must do ' . 
  but democracy is often used to describe a society were the people does n't govern , but were minority rights are protected , there 's freedom of expression , speech etc. 
  and i can not think of any reason why these basic rights and values could n't be entrenched in a meritocracy , on the contrary , there would be less incentive to limit these rights as opposed to a ` democracy ' because people 's careers do n't depend on them . 
  based on what exactly ? 
  care to share your reasoning ? 
  i expect in such a system most of the ministers will be more competent than the drop outs we currently have . 
   this guy also says he would prefer a `` moderate dictatorship '' to democracy , because you can not do anything in a democracy . 
  -------------  `` led by experienced personalities coming from the private ( sector of the ) economy '' . 
  sounds more like a meritocracy to me . 
  i for one would n't do away with that idea that easy , and would n't mind entertaining the thought of having that . 
  but regardless of other things he said , this remark hits the nail on the head . 
   but good luck sending him back if he 's moroccan , pakistani or whatever . 
  where there 's a will there 's a way . 
  this ` ca n't ' and ` wo n't ' has become a pavlovian response of many europeans and their politicians , but ca n't lies on the grave yard , next to wo n't . 
  actually the british were the most sane voices in that occupation , the french were ... well french , and the americans were dead set on starving the german population to death . 
  even the american president thought that was an acceptable plan , and so they ensured food shortages . 
   `` too many people here and in england hold the view that the german people as a whole are not responsible for what has taken place -- that only a few nazis are responsible . 
  that unfortunately is not based on fact . 
  the german people must have it driven home to them that the whole nation has been engaged in a lawless conspiracy against the decencies of modern civilization . '', 
  -------------  on march 20 , 1945 , president roosevelt was warned that the jcs 1067 was not workable : it would let the germans `` stew in their own juice '' . 
  roosevelt 's response was `` let them have soup kitchens !, 
  let their economy sink ! '', 
  asked if he wanted the german people to starve , he replied , `` why not ? 
  '' [ 32 ] [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/food_in_occupied_germany#jcs_1067 ) they also imposed industrial limitations , the americans wanted to transform germany into an agricultural society or pastoral state after they agreed starving the population was not the way . 
  the middle one . 
  not sure about germany , but pissing anywhere inside urban area 's except a toilet is illegal here . 
  that includes trees , grass and even canals . 
   a religious book is not a sign for radicalisation . 
  a religious book of a religion known for these practices combined with two automatic weapons and spare ammunition caught at a busy public place is a sign that he may be radicalized . 
   it 's idiotic to waste money on tens of thousands of kilometers of internal eu borders , depends . 
  obviously controlling our outer borders is both better and preferable , but europe is not capable of protecting its borders , so instead of a waste of money internal borders could be an alternative to gain back control over our borders . 
  they proposed it yesterday or the day before i think , with the dutch presidency and all that . 
  they want an agreement with turkey , to bring all migrants that cross the sea back to turkey in exchange for an annual redistribution scheme of 150.000-250 .000 people per year from turkey to europe . 
  but opposition parties are afraid the turks may use this proposal to push for membership again , and the extreme left says it is inhumane for people to live in turkey , and they want to bring all 80 million turks here with them if they could . 
  i know what the region is called , but besides the name there 's close to zero reasons to include them in the dutch area , and not the french area . 
   i ca n't remember european christians ever making fun of atheists for their beliefs . 
  this is one of the reasons i grow tired and suspicious of atheists , too many of them think they got it figured all out and think they 're superior . 
  why do n't you just get a hobby and bother someone else ? 
  how 's the weather in urk ? 
   just why would piedmont be considered non-italic ? 
   you worry about piedmont , yet it seems more concerning someone added calais to the dutch cultural area .
