i agree the timing is suspicious , but i do think that a society must take a stance in whether prisons are there to reform prisoners or not . 
  if a criminal is deemed reformable , he should actually leave prison a better person than when he came in . 
  i see no point in taking someone who clearly was a problem to society , throwing them in the garbage for 20 years and then releasing them into society again . 
  there 's no question society is worse off having this person in the streets . 
  he might as well have gotten life in prison or the death penalty . 
  it 's a waste of resources to lock people up and make them into worse people . 
  i 'd rather have money go into giving this people a second chance . 
  on the other hand , if your crime is so hideous , why the hell would we want to keep you around for life behind bars ? 
  what good will come of it ? 
  might as well just execute you and be done with it . 
  if i was living in fear for my life , seeing my family and friends raped and murdered , my house destroyed and my country ravaged , i 'd be pretty happy to be in a safe tent with all basic necessities provided . 
  it 's time to start differentiating refugees and illegal immigrants . 
  i 'm an economic migrant myself , so i understand how strong the will for a better life can be . 
  what i do n't understand is the entitlement these illegal immigrants have . 
  the doors of europe are wide open for legal migrants , it 's not easy but it 's doable . 
  europe owes economic migrants nothing , myself included . 
  the fact that these guys are taking advantage of a legit refugee crisis for personal profit is , in my opinion , a very clear indicator that these are not the people europe should open their doors to . 
  again , the two deals are not comparable which was my point in the first post , so you ca n't say `` now it 's even worse for you '' . 
  a deal over ten times bigger , necessarily must come with different terms . 
  your attempt to trivialise these issues as if we are dealing with children is counter productive . 
  the message is very clear , a large number of europeans do n't believe greece can spend money responsibly . 
  to be honest , greece has proven time and again that it 's not capable of doing so . 
  as such , if greece wants our money , it must come with reforms that have the potential to truly transform greece . 
  the leaders are doing exactly that , acting on behalf of their people 's wishes . 
  people act as if austerity is inflicted as a form of punishment . 
  austerity is simply a result of correcting the lack of sustainability of greece 's own economy . 
  at some point you must spend less than you earn and your standards will have to drop to levels that are realistic . 
  have you compared greece 's debt with all other countries ? 
  they have it pretty good all things considered . 
  pushing maturities even further back does nothing to placate the crisis in the short term . 
  so why is it a big deal now ? 
  i honestly believe that if all reforms are truly implemented , if greece truly changes and the only thing holding greece back is the debt , then that debt would be appropriately restructured when this time comes . 
  on the other hand , greece is free to refuse the money and take their future in their own hands alone . 
  greece is privileged enough to be in a position where the eu is there to help , and greece has abused this position in the recent past , destroying trust . 
  i personally believe greece must default and leave the eu . 
  i am against the bailout even in its current form as i do n't believe such deep changes can be accomplished without coming from within . 
  no , it actually does n't strike me as childish . 
  everyone knew that once the 2nd bailout expired a third bailout would need to go through all other european parliaments . 
  the leaders had no mandate to sign off on further spending , and they now must seek these mandates from their people . 
  the greeks democracy does not trample the rights of all other democracies of europe . 
  as for your second point , what would the economic stimulus consist of ? 
  how would the debt restructuring work ? 
  are you in favour of forgiving greece 's debt completely ? 
  and again i can completely relate to your sentiment , but you have to admit there 's some twisted logic to it . 
  i understand the sentiment of your comment , but you must understand three things : 1 ) the greek referendum was about to a deal that did not exist anymore . 
  the damage done in those 10 days was tremendous . 
  even if that deal was still on the table , it would not have been enough at the day of the referendum . 
  2 ) the conditions that are so often talked about are simply the conditions requested to greece in order for greece to receive the final \u02dc $ 7b of the second bail out package . 
  3 ) the conditions set forth today are about a new deal , a third bail out package , of circa $ 86b . 
  hence the stakes are much higher . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with how it 's being handled ( even though i 'm in favour of grexit ) . 
  i never thought a 3rd bailout would work . 
  if the current debt was unsustainable , then what about current debt plus $ 86b ? 
  how would that ever work ? 
  the way i see it , the coalition in favour of grexit figured out that the only way to save ez after grexit would be if greece walked away voluntarily , and they are trying to force just that . 
  the word in financial circles right now is that the cut was of 10 % . 
  not huge , but not negligible either . 
  definitely sending a message while not wanting to be the executioner . 
  edit : / u/auntiejojo posted [ a nice source in this comment . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cbsb2/ecb_tightens_terms_on_collateral_for_greek_bank/csu4qgy ), 
  in france there are two 8 hour modules , one dealing with french laws , rights , institutions and principles and one dealing with all the cultural aspects of living in france . 
  classes must be attended without any external parties ( husbands , friends , relatives or children ) but i saw muslim women breaking this rule with husbands or male relatives . 
  the reason for the rule is because they really try to hammer on the idea that women are fully equal , that they have recourse if abused , etc. . . to be honest the whole course was almost offensive to me , just being put in the same bucket as someone who does n't believe in those values felt icky . 
  i do n't need to be told these things as they are so fundamental . 
  however the class was almost exclusively comprised of muslims , mainly from north africa . 
  you could see many disagreed with what was being taught , including the women themselves sadly . 
  it did make me see how important it is and am happy that they exist . 
  i am overall extremely happy with how the whole welcoming in france happened . 
  language classes are separate according to individual needs . 
  i did not have to attend those . 
  source : am an immigrant in france . 
  i think it must be noted that these numbers relate to immigrants coming from ** africa and middle east . 
  ** i 'd be willing to bet these numbers would be very different if it counted all immigrants excluding africa and middle east . 
  a canadian skilled immigrant is received differently than an eritrean , that 's simply a fact . 
  france really is amazing , even with such a huge and amazing list i can still think of so many other villages that could be added to your list !, 
  i live in a similar village and every now and then , while i am walking around , i just have to take a moment to appreciate how lucky i am to live in such a beautiful country . 
  but then you 'd be hated in the region for decades to come as everything that goes wrong can be scapegoated to the influence of foreign powers . 
  i remember a long time ago a muslim redditor posted a very thorough comment about the mentality towards their own problems in the region of where he lived . 
  basically every problem they had was justified by some sort of external influence . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  the only winning move is not to play . 
  i 'm more disturbed by this than by eating 340 year old cheese . 
  good job !, 
  dude , i do n't think you should be feeding your genetic material to children ... that 's pretty messed up !, 
  my wife ( french ) was crying at the end of the game when the players joined the crowd in their chant . 
  you fought cleanly all the way to the end . 
  i loved how after the second goal he just picked up the ball and ran it back to the center . 
  you guys should give your boys a well deserved hero 's welcome . 
  i 'm conflicted tonight . 
  that 's a very clear explanation of what changes under the `` norway-style relationship '' , thanks for the article !, 
  i was n't aware of norway 's right to veto , i think it 's safe to assume the uk would not be such a team-player when it comes to using it . 
  what this means is that every time the eu tries to implement regulations the uk might not like we will be right back at square one with all the uncertainty . 
  what i do wonder is : is such a relationship even possible for the uk ? 
  those agreements were negotiated in completely different contexts , and were seem by many as a step towards further integration and eventually full membership . 
  this would not be the case with the uk . 
  i think such talks would only prolong uncertainty ( and the economic impacts of such uncertainty ) . 
  i 'd be happier to see a quick departure than a decade long half-arsed divorce . 
  this is a great summary , thank you !, 
  for anyone interested in french politics who also speaks some french , there 's a debate tomorrow ( 20/03 ) at 21h with all the leading candidates . 
  could you please provide a source for your claim that they come here for freedom ?
