  it 's cheaper because most of polish coal mines are national , very ineffective with a lot of labor unions that government is afraid to fight with . 
  if you 're confusing polish flag with indonesian , better not look at monaco flag . 
  post political correctness : you can accuse someone of being criminal because he/she has different opinion than you . 
  i see blame on both parties . 
  gli\u0144ski did n't answer questions , but she was just being very rude . 
  you can point out not answering questions in more professional way . 
  i cringed watching this . 
   hate on pornography is like one of the only things that all major religions agree on . 
  i think it has much to do with times when religions were created . 
  at the times single mother with bastard was often removed from society to say the least . 
  and being bastard was stigma too . 
  so everything erotic was considered as thread to family . 
  you want sex ? 
  get married and make children . 
  times changed , religions not really , but people did . 
  in poland over 90 % of people declare to be catholics and yet studies conducted by church itself says that only 13 % of poles truly follow religion . 
  i can provide sources in polish . 
  there 's some minority that follows church rules very strictly and this time they felt they could really `` do '' something i guess . 
  catholics did so huge publicity to this play , it 's nation wide news now , tickets are sold out for all plays . 
  if not them , only very few people would even hear about this play . 
  they also asked people to step back from windows . 
  this is crazy , people ca n't be safe even in their homes . 
  edit : phrasing . 
   two pylons in the kherson region of ukraine north of crimea had been blown up by ukrainian nationalists . 
  [ you mean like this ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/wuhonx8qt3i?t=51s ), 
  because lately previous polish governement agreed to accept couple of thousands refugees . 
  also timing . 
  this is how al-qaeda got their power , it was supported by americans against russia . 
  and look how that turned out . 
  do we ? 
  i 'm not asking you , but other poles . 
  surely we had love and hate relationship with a [ rainbow in warsaw ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/plac_zbawiciela_w_warszawie_014.jpg ) that was [ burned couple of times ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3uuzyp2.jpg ) but with this building ? 
  i do n't live in warsaw but it was n't subject of national debate for like 20 years now . 
  it would cripple our capital for years , there are a lot events held there , center of the city is jammed already , they just finished second line of subway . 
  i get your point of view but there 's a lot more to do in warsaw than this and we just used to have this building there . 
  it 's also a part of our history we should not forget . 
   which country does not have atheists ? 
  countries where leaving islam is punished by death : https://i.imgur.com/tzr5i61.png, 
  easy there , some of us know it . 
   the real threat does n't come from the refugees but from our own citizens . 
  one of the terrorist is confirmed being registered refugee from syria . 
  yeah i 'm scared and probably laugh is my defense system . 
  let 's laugh together . 
  new minister of defense is antoni macierewicz . 
  once he held a live conference over skype about polish plane catastrophe in smolensk , russia where among others polish president was killed . 
  well , i 'm not laughing anymore :( anyway some people saw username in skype . 
  and guess who called ? 
  a bit blurry , but you should get it anyway from skype screen : http://i.imgur.com/ao91wr6.jpg by the way , macierewicz is on the left . 
  close up if you do n't see it : http://i.imgur.com/fqrnvy1.jpg video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gtjdr8rixg later macierewicz said that parliament network was hacked and it need to be secured . 
  good times ... 
   a uk outside the eu will probably stay inside the free trade area and will probably do more or less the same economically as before . 
  serious question , what are your benefits from being in eu ? 
  you do n't have $ , you are n't in schengen zone . 
  do you know how it works ? 
  it makes attacker not only hurt , but he ca n't open his eyes . 
  and even if he could overcome the pain and open his eyes , then he would barely see through all the tears . 
  he 's virtually blind and you can run . 
  this is what says pole who is living in french riviera :  many of the local real estate agency has sign on the door saying that employees speak english , then when you go and ask if they speak english , all doing big eyes , reply that no , and theirs french-style return to previous activities . 
   we were very lucky , because previously we visited thirty agencies and none of them , except for one , did not show us any offers because there are no people speaking english . 
  source in polish : http://www.bankier.pl/wiadomosc/w-polsce-byl-pr-owcem-dzis-pokazuje-turystom-lazurowe-wybrzeze-tam-mieszkam-7284247.html my comment : they so dislike english that even earning money does n't make almost any of them to learn english , serious wtf . 
  it 's polish thing , it 's called lector/reader and it 's in every movie on tv or on dvd/bluray , although no lector in cinemas , there 's dubbing or subtitles . 
  there was one exception i remember 10 years ago , producers of eyes wide shut did n't allow polish television to add lector over the original audio and demanded subtitles . 
  i do n't remember any other case . 
  although a lot of young people are watching movies and tv series online with subtitles nowadays . 
  edit : a word . 
   seriouly i do n't understand why people pretend showing ones passport at a border is the end of the world it 's not end of the world , but it affects transport companies . 
  they lose a lot of time on the borders , so transport is more expensive , so almost everything is more expensive . 
  it also hurts people who live in one country and their day job is in the other , so they need to add like extra hour daily waiting on the border . 
  / u/indigenous _ european, 
  exactly the same thing did christian families from syria that was taken by christian parishes in poland . 
  they were given apartment in new building , all bills covered including internet , food , clothes , school for the children and work for the parents . 
  after some time they fled to germany in the night . 
  http://natemat.pl/154243,parafia-przyjela-uchodzcow-z-syrii-a-oni-w-nocy-uciekli-do-niemiec-dalismy-im-mieszkanie-i-oferte-pracy-to-niepojete after it god nation wide attention it turned out that it was n't single case . 
   does n't it have to travel farther for them ? 
  yes . 
   how is this the case ? 
  to put it simply , we ( poland ) are dependent on russian gas , they know it and putin does n't like us . 
  also in this situation there 's no union in european countries , because if germany would stand behind us in negotiations , they could get more expensive gas , so they see no point . 
  even more , germany with russia built nord stream pipe in the sea to avoid transfer through poland and baltic states , so russians can cut us off still delivering gas to germany . 
  although poland built gas terminal that should be operating next year as alternative source of gas , but it 's just for backup , because price using this terminal would be much higher than gas from russia . 
  the agreement with russia will expire in 2022 . 
  and to be fair we use less gas than germany , so they get bulk price . 
   i heard that east europe has plenty of room to choose from good luck with that . 
  in poland refugees living in centers get 16 $ ( 70 pln ) monthly . 
  if they want to live on their own , they get 351 $ ( 1500 pln ) for family of four and at least half of this amount is needed to pay a rent . 
  amount left after paying bills ( electric , gas ) is enough just not to starve , but they ca n't afford to buy meat , fish or dairy . 
  so sometimes there are 3 families living in 3 room flat to save money . 
  source ( in polish ) : http://www4.rp.pl/artykul/1091952-zbyt-niskie-zasilki-dla-cudzoziemcow-ubiegajacych-sie-o-status-uchodzcy.html ( the article is saying that welfare is too low in poland , but nothing has changed in this matter since then and probably wo n't for next 4 years because this sunday elections here will be probably won by right-wing party being against immigrants . ), 
  that 's why they choose richer countries . 
  and even if eu will force countries like poland to take refugees , a lot of them will flee . 
  this already happened , one parish took family of christian refugees from syria , gave them apartment in new apartment house , paid all the bills ( including internet ) , gave them food and clothes , provided work for the parents and school for children . 
  after some time they fled to germany in the night and it 's not isolated incident . 
   radicalization the key word . 
  you ca n't even be skeptical anymore . 
  someone wants to sell me something on the street ? 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  someone calls wants me to have another credit card ? 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  fast internet connection for 1 $ ?
