  very skeptical . 
  millions of people are coming to europe . 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  so i 'm racist hater . 
  most of them are economic immigrants , who want to live comfortably in europe , coming from countries where there 's no war . 
  and many people agrees , that many of them just want to live on welfare . 
  so except real refugees , they are people who do n't want to work in their home countries . 
  i was living in schaerbeek district for 2 years . 
  a lot of kids of immigrants running in the streets with literally holes in their clothes and their fathers wearing best leather jackets with newest phones and mercedes or bmw parked next to theirs apartment house doing nothing whole day because they got 400 $ per child social service , so each of them had like at least 5 kids . 
  and also their women in burqu were getting bags from shops while their husbands did n't bring anything because women were lesser things in their culture , so why bother to bring shopping bags to home . 
  crazy things . 
  i was hearing gunshots like 4 times a year . 
  after 2 years living there i returned to poland . 
  google translate : https://translate.google.pl/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=pl&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.hardheim.de%2fsites%2fbrief.htm&amp;edit-text= *** assistance and guidance for refugees the following text is in simplified form in the various national languages brought by servants of the operator to the refugees on the spot detail . 
  love strange woman , dear stranger !, 
  welcome to germany , welcome to hardheim . 
  many of you have gone through terrible . 
  war , mortal danger , a dangerous escape through half the world . 
  that 's over now . 
  you are now in germany . 
  germany is a peaceful country . 
  now it is up to you that they do not remain strangers in our country , but a coexistence between refugees and inhabitants will be facilitated . 
  a request at the beginning : they learn as quickly as possible , the german language so that we can communicate and they can bring their needs to express . 
  in germany , people are living with many freedoms alongside one another and one another : it is freedom of religion for all . 
  women must lead an independent life and have the same rights as men . 
  they treated women with respect . 
  in germany , respecting the property of others . 
  one enters no private property , no gardens , barns and other buildings and also reaps no fruit and vegetables , does not belong to one . 
  germany is a clean country and should remain so !, 
  the trash or waste is disposed of in designated dumpsters or trash can . 
  if you are traveling , you take his garbage to the nearest trash can and not throwing it back away . 
  in germany , you pay only the goods at the grocery store before you open it . 
  in germany , water is used for cooking , washing , cleaning . 
  also it is used here for the toilet flushing . 
  there are in our public toilets that are accessible to everyone . 
  when using such toilets , it is customary here to country , this post clean . 
  in germany applies from 22.00 clock the night 's rest . 
  after 22.00 clock to behave accordingly quiet in order not to disturb his fellow man . 
  for cyclists there are in our rules to yourself to drive safely , but also do not endanger other . 
  ( do not drive on sidewalks , not threes use a wheel , repair broken brakes and not slow down with the feet ) . 
  pedestrian use with us the footpaths or go , if none exist , one behind the other side of the road , not on the street and certainly not next to each other . 
  our necessities we do exclusively on toilets , not in gardens and parks , not even in hedges and behind bushes . 
  girls and young women feel through speech and ask of mobile phone no . 
  and harassed facebook - contact . 
  please this is why not do it !, 
  although the situation for them and also for us is very cramped and not simply , we want to remind them that we have received here unconditionally . 
  we therefore ask you to appreciate this recording value and to follow these rules , then a common coexistence for all will be possible . 
   it 's just the polish people do n't stay all day on reddit trying to complain about their country . 
  they do it on our local digg-like website . 
  example from today , someone said literally that poland is land of slaves and even got some upvotes . 
  hint : geography . 
  and yet they still whine and burn flags instead of being thankful . 
  they whine , because they organized events on facebook and collected donations . 
  it really hit them hard . 
  phalanx symbol i mentioned above is n't illegal in poland ( contrary to other symbols like swastika ) and they did n't expect this . 
   if i ran a private hotel and i would n't rent a room to a jew because of his nationality would that be ok ? 
  if rules of the hotel would be considered legal , you could do it . 
   facebook should respect the law of the land in your not so humble opinion . 
  fortunately physical location is the opposite of what internet makers had in mind . 
  i 'm pro freedom of speech ( within the law ) . 
  i posted this poster on / r/polska as an example of freedom of speech . 
  but you guys need to finally understand , that business owners can do whatever they want ( within the law ) . 
  it 's not forbidden by law , but do n't forget that the owner of private company called facebook has jewish roots . 
  you forgot to mention , photo with antisemitic symbol on it : https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/falanga_ ( symbol ) ( no english article on wiki about this ) . 
  you interpreted the text above a bit too serious . 
  i 'd like to see it happened , but on the other hand how would 28 countries agreed to give commands to the army ? 
  or it would be only defensive army ? 
  maybe better thing to do would be to create eu-inside nato-like pact that if any of the eu member is attacked , all other countries help with their military ? 
  why ? 
  nato is n't only the usa , is it ? 
  my first association : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rl5jdzvkea0 helsinki is mentioned @ 2:35 , but listen to the whole thing for context . 
  it 's a comic who trashes ads sent to him in his podcast . 
  this map was made in winter . 
  ( norway is n't in the eu . ), 
  what you 're doing with all that seized pot ? 
  maybe your politicians just smoke it and in result , they could n't form a government for almost a year . 
   geez with all that non seized marihuana they can get as high as north pole . 
   they destroyed their own careers . 
  really ? 
  guy caught with pot like 5 years ago could go to prison or always have suspended sentence . 
  became criminal in public records . 
  another guy today gets just fine for the same crime if he 's caught the first time . 
  who destroyed careers since in the meantime law about drugs did n't change at all ? 
  they do n't put people to jail for having smallest amount of pot . 
  poland , country with the strictest law about marijuana . 
  now public prosecutors and judges came to their senses and in general do n't put people to jail for it . 
  but before , 2 years jail time for having less than 1 gram was common practice . 
  they not only destroyed careers of thousands of students . 
  they created a lot of criminals by putting them to jail . 
  edit for clarity : the law did n't change , prosecutors had always an option to order just a fee . 
  but they wanted their stats looks `` good '' and put people to prison . 
  then after many years there was huge national debate about destroyed careers of thousands of young people . 
  after the debate , head of the prosecutors and government agreed that with small amount of pot and no criminal record before , people wo n't be charged , except for a fee . 
  but if you 're caught with pot again , no mercy for you anymore . 
  welcome to the reddit young padawan  if i had to watch every viral video there is , i would n't do nothing else for a year . 
  okay , so now since i understand what you mean , my reply :  in order to make this sort of judgement , you must be very well informed on the specifics of dentistry as an occupation , substances they handle and how those are labeled . 
  it 's just an opinion , man . 
  i do n't know much about it , but some laws existing for a reason . 
   but your `` italian in malta '' analogy sounds very ignorant . 
  first time hearing about this , what do you mean ?
