http://www.rmf24.pl/raport-eurowybory-2014/glowna/news-korwin-mikke-wkracza-na-unijne-salony,nid,1445775#utm_source=paste&amp;utm_medium=paste&amp;utm_campaign=firefox ciekawe jak mu to wyjdzie  ps . 
   if i hear of another scandal involving the polish government why are n't you there now ? 
  is n't this enough for you ? 
  i know the answer . 
  it 's always easy to say on internet `` next time '' . 
  wykop , polish reddit-like website tried once made a protest . 
  you can see the parliament in the back . 
  yes , i 'm serious , this is how it looked like . 
   so i think i 'm gon na give him a shot . 
  why not ? 
  what worse can happen ? 
  worse ? 
  ca n't imagine atm what could 've been worse than this tape-gate . 
  but i know what will happen for sure if pis wins . 
  smolensk ( catastrophe in smolensk ) . 
  smolensk 24/7/365 , all the time . 
  looking for conspiracy , tribunal of state to many politicians . 
  it 's not really bad itself , problem is nothing else will happen about our economics and society . 
  all necessary bills will be written in hurry and with many mistakes , because they will need to work on smolensk . 
  that 's the only thing kaczynski can think about and it 's sole purpose of his life to get into that . 
  although he will win next elections i think . 
  the question is if they gain 50 % majority . 
  it 's saitd that there are 900 ( nine hundred ) hours of recordings . 
   server browser still working on and find active servers o tym , \u017ce w trzeciej osobie u\u017cywa si\u0119 formy z `` s '' na ko\u0144cu by\u0142o chyba w pierwszym p\u00f3\u0142roczu mojego pierwszego roku nauki . 
  thanks  but really - that proves my common sense . 
  except his , all comments here are in english . 
  he was so mad at me , but did n't know english enough , that he had to do it in polish . 
  each sentence he wrote was my little win over another internet troll  that 's how you do it - provoke a bit , and then wait for his furious reply , 
   piszesz g\u0142upoty kolego another argumentum ad personam , this breaks rules here !, 
  now i 'd say 2 + / 10 ( i still see true heart in it ) . 
  edit : a word . 
   ale we\u017a pisz do mnie po polsku not this subreddit , sorry !, 
  edit : level of troll : 3/10 , you really put some heart into this !, 
  that would be boring . 
  i had so much fun making this one though !, 
  you can do it on your own !, 
  also you can make your own post about jkm with different quotes . 
  nothing is stopping you . 
  i see link to this post leaked to some pro jkm website . 
  hi there !, 
  i watched all of these , you have the full context in most of the cases . 
  i do n't have a pain in the ass , i was really entertained doing this . 
  you can make your own post with other jkm highlights , what 's stopping you ? 
  also thanks for saying `` intelektualn\u0105 spierdolin\u0105 '' ( intellectually fucked ) to me , but no word in english from you here . 
  that really sums up who is who . 
  contrary , it 's normal for me for these countries . 
  i 'm used to it . 
  he 's too good in `` massacring '' ( as his followers describe it ) his interlocutors to be not intelligent . 
  and this bridge thing - i share opinion that someone must be intelligent to play it . 
  okay , so in my opinion from these videos i 'm convinced he 's really intelligent . 
  he uses very good arguments to support his strange beliefs . 
  i saw his interview with cejrowski some time ago and there he said it . 
  it 's somewhere on youtube . 
  but i 'm not sure when this interview was recorded , maybe it was couple of years ago and he changed his mind . 
   i would n't define mikke as troll , since he honestly believes every word he says . 
  i know that and i did n't imply that he should change his opinions . 
  i also may have some controversial opinions , for example i became an atheist some time ago and i simply do n't mention the fact to my catholic family , i can even sing religious songs with them on christmas . 
  i know this would upset them , so i 'm silent about this . 
  he could be as well . 
  no journalist asked about his opinion on the paralympics , he was just telling it and then they started to ask . 
  that 's the way i think of him as a troll . 
  i simply do n't see any other explanation , because ** if he could not emphasize his controversial opinions , he would be in polish parliament years ago ** . 
   mikke is n't at his core that much different from the right-wing ( and , let 's be frank sld and samoobrona as well ) all these people who wants to give privileges and help poor by law he describes as red , ugly socialists . 
  imo he ca n't be farer from sld than from anyone . 
   is mikke going to destroy european union ? 
  sadly , no . 
  i 'm pro eu , so here we have a difference . 
  but we still may talk about this without insulting each other and he ca n't . 
  edit : this insults towards other people are next argument for him being a troll imo . 
  he says that if people would really want him to be the king , he can agree . 
  although he can accept another brilliant candidate . 
   sorry , i just ca n't hold my laughter reading your comment and writing this , how does this sound in these days : king of poland , hahaha . 
  yes !, 
  i use this polish reddit like website and it was shistorm about this guy there before elections . 
  he does n't say women should n't be allowed to vote , because they vote on men , so he does n't care . 
  he says about this in one of the videos . 
  but iirc he would n't be against making law to disallow women to vote . 
  in general he thinks that women should stay at home with children and men should work to provide for the family . 
  but he emphasizes that women should be able to work if they want to . 
   btw young people voting for him really imposes other people with their opinions . 
  it 's hard to discuss with them . 
  i have a real problem with this . 
  he 's extremely intelligent , that is out of question . 
  so since he 's so intelligent , he should know what are controversial topics and simply avoid talking about them . 
  but commonly he speaks about it unasked . 
  his economical opinions are acceptable for many , he could stick to this and stop offending people . 
  intelligent people can do this . 
  so in my opinion he 's the biggest troll ever and never really wanted to be elected . 
  he just wanted to be on a tv and piss off people . 
  as someone said above , he has the same opinions since 20 years . 
  we 're expecting very low turnout in poland . 
  also we had great weather today . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not sure if i 'd really want force to vote those people , who simply do n't care . 
  pronunciation : http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/chrz%c4%85szcz or http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/pl-chrz%c4%85szcz.ogg \u0282 sounds like static tv noise . 
  already updated , thanks . 
  better map : http://i.imgur.com/sr1hwza.jpg ( updated above as well ), 
  this map seems to be much more accurate . 
  polish national tv . 
  rather trustful in my opinion . 
  it looks like it , but it 's curve and i thought it 's along some chosen parallel .
