   but allowing dentists to do cleaning on your soil is a missed opportunity . 
  is it ? 
  one single mistake in medication and her patient may be dead . 
  because maybe some names are similar , but of different drugs . 
  it 's too dangerous . 
  whatever fits you , good luck , 
  it 's not that bad since 90 % of popculture young people consume in poland is in english . 
  i watched a material about ukrainian lady who was cleaning buses . 
  she was dentist in ukraine and she earns better in poland cleaning . 
  she would have to know polish almost perfectly and get a 3 or 6 month intern to be dentist here . 
  she says it may take her many years to learn because she work many hours daily . 
  strange . 
  just like some polish educated people washing dishes in uk . 
  wtf man . 
  i live in poland . 
  my english is far from perfect . 
  and i work remotely for americans and canadians . 
  and i found many of my clients here on reddit . 
  if cost of living in serbia is similar or lover than in poland , you can live pretty nice life doing telecommuting job . 
   ( occasional adult movies have dubbing too , but most of the offer are subtitles ) by adult movies you mean teenage and adult movies . 
  movies that are rated 12 + are dubbed , because many 12 year olds ca n't read quick enough . 
  psa to all services around the world : my firefoxes spell check tool underlines word `` olds '' . 
  i had no intention of googling 12 year olds other than spell check . 
  i could google 18 year olds , but it would require putting more thinking in my relaxed time ... that is over now because of this and i 'm putting thinking into this comment now ... 
  even if it does n't look like this , fuck this shit . 
   how can a single voice not ruin the whole movie ? 
  what 's the point of it ? 
  after you get use to it , so somehow stop registering the lector voice . 
  it 's like people living next to an ocean stop realizing there 's constant sound of the sea . 
  you hear the lector , but you mind focuses on the original sound . 
  it 's like when listening to a song , you can focus separately on drums , piano , voice . 
  you still hear the same song , but focus makes the one instrument hearing better . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  and the same thing is when you listen with a lector . 
  by the way , i still prefer subtitles over lector and obviously the best experience is without any of them , if you know the language . 
  lazy people who did n't go to vote . 
  why did you include lazy cunts ? 
  me too , but what can you do if most of your countrymen have a different worldview . 
  we as other countries in our region , had no voice in international affairs for 5 decades after wwii . 
  cccp had the voice . 
  in my opinion it really damaged view of our country and our neighbors . 
  deliver , get sweet karma and let me know , i wan na see this . 
  but i imagine this timelapse as made in many days , so you see the change of colors . 
  or maybe you could see this in one day timelapse as well ? 
  damn , imagine timelapse of this . 
  do n't forget about tricity , pretty cool too . 
  not every building was destroyed during wwii in poland . 
  most of the warsaw was because germans got mad after rising , but most of the poland stayed intact . 
  it would be wasting of resources to demolish civilian buildings . 
  you can go to any country next to poland to get paid tests and eventually an abortion . 
  there 's so high demand that clinics close to border hired polish speaking staff . 
  depends . 
  unskilled workers get really low wages , but specialists earn decent money . 
  it 's still less than in the west , but the purchasing power of money is different in poland , for example unprocessed food is much cheaper . 
  i have different view of poland being treated here . 
  eventually it always comes to polandball and `` poland stronk '' . 
  i 'm sure most of you did n't notice that the joke is even on sidebar , roll over polish flag on the map . 
  but to be honest , i do n't mind . 
  many countries have this shit . 
  i imagine the french must hate jokes about white flag . 
  and brits do n't get this shit for brexit only . 
  you have it for the surprise in after match , raising google trends about leaving eu after voting , that your politicians lied to you and many believed etc. 
  and much lover prices than in switzerland . 
  so you think first world countries can absorb hundreds of millions if not over billion people and it will not affect scientific progress to really help the poorest ? 
  think again . 
  they do it for years . 
  it 's speculated that there are up to 100 thousand abortions annually of polish women , either illegal in poland or abroad . 
  study says that one fourth of polish women had an abortion . 
  edit : i see downvotes , i can provide sources , but in polish only . 
  eventually some polish institution would have to pay for this and if the description of a procedure would be accurate , woman would face a prison , according to current draft of the bill . 
  abortion on demand is still illegal in poland and i guess they refuse to pay for it now as well . 
  on the other hand clinics next to polish border already hired polish speaking staff some time ago to meet demand . 
  from what i 've learned , abortion costs $ 350 in slovakia . 
  previously ruling party was po . 
  pis and po . 
  biggest parties in poland . 
  number one and number two . 
   how much could it possibly cost , anyway ? 
  we can make it out of snow . 
  ask george rr martin . 
  i know i 'm late to the party , but this is important . 
  this bill may lead doctors to avoid making prenatal diagnosis because it would become pointless , since they ca n't do an abortion . 
  so instead of safe pregnancy , a lot of women may be left without knowledge and if they would n't go to private doctor , their lives may be in danger and they wo n't know about it , especially since there 's almost no sex education in public schools . 
  if 60 % of your body organs would be sick , would you talk about anything else ? 
  from top of my head : praga in warsaw , nowa huta in krakow . 
  there are places in poland where you being polish born and raised , you can be mugged and/or beaten by poles just by being in a wrong place and a wrong time . 
  for example walking in a bad neighborhood in the night . 
  just like in many places in the western world . 
  i 'm hoping it 's an isolated incident of an aggressive , insecure idiot , nothing more . 
  similar here , i live in upper silesia and many families here have relatives in germany , general perception of germans is good . 
  but what i can see of young poles from other regions , especially poorer ones , they still despise germans thinking about ww2 what happened 70 years ago . 
  what i think is `` damn , move on '' . 
  i visited germany many times and my impression is that germans are a bit distant , but fine people . 
  despite many germans saw my car with polish plates on my car in a parking lot or gas station next to an autobahn i 've never experienced even nasty look and if i asked something in english , they were helpful . 
  i would n't go that far . 
  they just have smaller variety of dishes that require flour and they simply do n't do dishes that require untypical type of flour . 
  it 's just different cuisine , not better or worse . 
  i learned this thing about flour when living in belgium . 
  one type of flour available in their shops was pain in the ass for poles . 
  but on the other hand belgians have huge variety of goffers and truffles , so they could say poles suck at desserts .
