  to give you some perspective , in poland they get place to live , 3 meals a day , clothes and access to integration programs , but they get 16 $ ( sixteen ) monthly for their expenses ... 
  this means they really need to learn language and start working if they want to live a normal life . 
  also : * he was asking previous government in official note about chemtrails * he does n't believe in greenhouse effect . 
  i 'm serious . 
  you may google it , it 's a real thing . 
  you are going too far with this . 
  there are solutions . 
  walls wo n't stop all of them ? 
  well they will stop 99.9 % of them like usa wall with mexico . 
  how about seas ? 
  australians manage to solve it too . 
  when navy spots smugglers boat , they will give them fuel to get back or they take them on board and simply left them where they came from . 
  result : almost no attempts after a while . 
  also we , the eastern block may not fear too much , almost no one will want to get here , where welfare is so low . 
   we need to deport economic migrants immediately and focus on helping war refugees !, 
  especially directly from [ refugee camps like this one in lebanon ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/an_aerial_view_of_the_za'atri_refugee_camp.jpg ) . 
  these are real war refugees and there are millions of them , having not enough money to get to the eu . 
  there are hundred of millions if not over a billion hungry people in the world . 
  what do you think would happen if they all come ? 
  [ some perspective , immigration crisis in usa , short lecture from 2010 ] ( https://youtu.be/lpjzfgchgle ), 
  polish taxi drivers protesting . 
  this is not photoshopped , it literally says [ uber = hiv ] ( http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_owriji7hrtbff8k5tqjnj4ew6uakensh.jpg ) . 
  banner above says `` only legal taxis '' . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  in poland we have left leaning mainstream media , but right leaning media are not weak . 
  there 's a number of right leaning magazines available in every press kiosk and a small tv station . 
  they 're openly against immigrants to the point that many would consider to be racist and they just wait for news that shows immigrants in bad light to publish as soon as possible . 
  so i think these stories would n't be suppressed by all media in poland , the contrary : right leaning media would immediately jump on these stories . 
  for example after info about events in cologne was published , one of main leftish evening news program ( fakty tvn ) told about this 2 days after german media , but rightish media had the news immediately all over their main headline . 
  so i guess this statement may be correct when we talk about media in poland . 
  but in fact this time they almost succeeded . 
  this incident was censored for months and if german police and media would n't try to do the same , this story could be still suppressed . 
   comparatively low education , lack of job training , and especially due to language problems . 
  they have zero motivation to learn anything if they 're given money just like that . 
  look again what wrote guy above :  7 out of 8 migrants from syria do not have a job 4 years after they get residence permit . 
  and now you 're telling me that they ca n't learn language in 4 years , doing nothing else in the meantime , to the level of understanding most basic request . 
  technically correct . 
  but do you blame a person seeking better conditions to live and to get a better welfare ? 
  or maybe we should blame people who not only ignored the law ( refugees must stay in the first country in ue they came to ) but encouraged refugees and immigrants to break it ? 
  today i read that in berlin airport there are several thousands of immigrants . 
  mostly young men . 
  how they will integrate ? 
  how you will make them to be calm if they live in bad conditions and have nothing to do all day , bored and frustrated ? 
  it 's not religion/racial thing . 
  imagine couple of thousand young men living in one place , not knowing local language , unable to get work even if they want to . 
  no matter nationality or religion , it 's a ticking bomb . 
  are there none amateur photos or videos from this incident ? 
  i did n't see any ... 
  although also i know that this story is being censored on some subreddits : https://www.reddit.com/r/kotakuinaction/comments/3zhy6k/this_story_has_been_deleted_by_mods_all_over/, 
  they got about 38 % in the elections , i would n't call it love . 
  also the turnout in elections was about 51 % , so half of us did n't care . 
  and there were [ protests with thousands of people on the streets ] ( http://imgur.com/a/begiu ) which is pretty big for poland , so i would n't say we love them so much . 
  i guess they are n't citizens ( yet ) so they did n't count them . 
   poland asked to take a few thousand refugees : what is this horrible organisation !, 
  it must change !, 
  poland agreed to take 7 thousand refugees and new government wanted to break the deal , but finally stepped back and the decision is that we take them . 
  although i still think that this is result of careless merkel politics who sent message `` everyone is welcome '' and then realized there 's too many of them . 
  also germany asked at first , but then wanted to force quotas . 
  when i first saw orange ( fruit ) i was about 5 or 6 and i was like whoa that 's where the name of the color comes from !, 
  you see , i did n't see real orange at all , but also most of the books had black and white drawings in them , so i did n't see it even on color picture or photo . 
  also i did n't see any orange juice , because it was n't available anywhere . 
  amount of ads in the west . 
  there were no ads anywhere . 
  it was like nobody wanted to sell anything to anybody . 
  and this was in fact the case , there were shortages of almost everything . 
  to prevent people buying `` too much '' they were given coupons with allowed amount to buy monthly : http://i.imgur.com/dwrqauq.jpg on the coupons you can see milk , sugar , washing powder , soap ( one monthly ) , cigarettes , alcohol , meat etc. 
  and even with coupons there were shortages . 
  probably worse . 
  there 's one man behind president , senate and other parliamentary chamber ( sejm ) , leader of pis party jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski . 
  he 's fighting now not only media , but constitutional tribunal as well . 
  not all of us . 
  my first thought when i read the title was how to find something from poland without remark if i think we 're in central or eastern europe . 
  same here . 
  tv network who had rights to the movie announced number of years ago that they cancel this movie on christmas . 
  it sparked country-wide resistance , people and children were demanding kevin !, 
  because in poland title is translated to `` kevin home alone '' . 
  tv network brought the movie back after about a week . 
   these `` worried citizens '' were n't protesting when po was `` breaking the democracy '' and stealing two seats in the constitutional court . 
  the court would entirely cancel this act if it was unconstitutional . 
  as usual . 
  and it did cancel it . 
  but now pis ignores court judgements and wants to replace it . 
  people who think see the difference . 
  they had no reason . 
   ofc it is . 
  constitutional court is just an excuse . 
  of course it 's not . 
  no one even think about protests after the election , no one protested when government was formed and no one protested after prime minister gave her expose . 
  protest started when government and president made their decisions . 
  please start thinking at least a little . 
  i answered this question from the poll :  which country would you like to live in most if you had to leave your own ? 
  i chose spain . 
  i 've never been there , but i watched traveler saying , that there are places on oceans coast where temperature is mostly 18-20 \u00b0 c all the year . 
  that 's my favorite temperature . 
  hotter is too hot , colder would need heating . 
  and i think spanish are cool . 
  i think i could be happy there when on retirement . 
  not-getting-nobel-peace-prize disorder . 
   i 'm really , really wondering what sort of fairy tales the traffickers told them . 
  in this documentary at 1:29:18 lector ( in polish ) says smugglers told them that there are helicopters over paris spraying perfumes : https://youtu.be/bidqifeayg4?t=5358 then he says that there 's worse in paris than in his home town .
