  well , troncation is quite common in northern italy and in archaic italian , so i get why he said that to you, 
  thailand too, 
  italy has more ski resorts than any other european country except for austria ? 
  that is surprising, 
  italian is wrong , they went for a much worse adaptation : `` trova il modo '' , which means `` find the way '', 
  yeah , but she married one so she took the name, 
  i would love an rpg , but i think they 're talking about a spin off, 
  that 's my point , in fact i am italian and i know my country , i was surprised as you are about switzerland and france having less ski resorts, 
  got ta love the new hobbit, 
  those rebellious nordics that hate their parents , have a bit of respect, 
  if they did n't spend all their resources to eliminate jews they could have won the war , thank god the nazis were so stupid, 
  first , this is a repost , second it 's full of errors such as the italian one, 
  in italy religion does n't matter , in fact we have a left wing government even though most of the population is catholic, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  blie yellow white used to be the wallachian flag, 
  even the bong county flag ? 
  wow , virginia surprised me, 
  you are right , one of my parents is from brasov ( kronstadt ) and when we go there we hardly see germans . 
  he even told me that when he lived there as a child he rarely saw them, 
  why does australia include `` unknown '' , it come from the word australis , just meaning southern, 
  i thought tagalog was much more prevalent, 
  weirldy awesome, 
  and i live in the papal states, 
  it started to make sense when i remembered that virginia was one of the original 13 colonies , stupid me, 
  no man 's hype is enough for this game, 
  is n't it ironic that europe got its name from a woman that did n't live in continental europe ? 
  how is it possible that italy , the greatest ally of germany , the country that inspired all the nationalist movements of the 20th century had such a low percentage of jews killed ? 
  i know that many escaped , but it still seems too low, 
  i meant greatest not in the sense of strongest , but closest and most collaborative , hitler even said that mussolini was the only true friend he had left, 
  if chad means lake , then lake chad is lake lake, 
  why was belgium put in the legend and not luxembourg ? 
  it 's not the best at all, 
  why the north south divide in south america ? 
  weird how rome is one of the least religious provinces in italy considering they host the vatican, 
  only about 30 % of the population goes frequently to church and donates money to religious organizations , so many speculate that this is the real number of catholics . 
  10 % of the population declares itself either atheist or agnostic but the number is on the rise , plus many as was already suggested are just nominal catholics , often someone tells me `` i 'm catholic '' , then i ask `` do you believe in god ? '', 
  and they say `` of course no '' . 
  probably that 's due to me living in the center of the country , in the south they are much more religous, 
  you should check italian political history , for a long time we had the catto-comunisti , and it is exactly what it sounds , comunist catholics . 
  in europe religion does n't influence politics so much , in many countries they would look at you in a weird way if you were a politician and mentioned god during the campaign, 
  in the southern north , but apparently they decided to exclude it for this map, 
  i never got this , the targaryens got their right by defeating every lord of westeros ( i know someone just kneeled and dorne was annexed through marriage but you get the point ) , now that the baratheons won against the targaryens why is their claim illegitimate ? 
  as one of my favourite comedians once said `` italy is a puppet government controlled by three foreign governments : the us , germany through the eu and the vatican '', 
  was lesotho being mainly catholic one of the reasons why it did n't join south africa ? 
  we gave it up to see those islands in the extreme east ( or west ? ), 
  those damn transnistrians, 
  you were obviously inspired by the american flag , but i think that this would n't reason well with the egyptians, 
  i live in italy and the darker italians tipically live in the south , there are a few i found in central italy , but most of them have southern ancestors and are concetrated in the southern regions , if you go to a random italian town in central or northern italy they will be indistinguishable from other western europeans, 
  and before from romania , but reunification will come one day, 
  wow , the basques kept their language through all the roman empire , the middle ages and all the time they were under spanish rule , those are deicded people, 
  i still ca n't understand why so many languauges adopted a variation of the italian word for truffle to say potato, 
  naples uses it but it 's with vertical stripes, 
  or anarchist lithuania, 
  it makes sense since iirc the genes for light hair and eyes were developed by early scandinavians, 
  look at the names, 
  i know , but once transnistria is gone we could think about the idea in my opinion, 
  what the hell are the dornish lords doing ? 
  some bastards killed their lords and they are fine following them ? 
  i thought that lords like yronwood and many others would have opposed them, 
  angry conservatives are coming, 
  the numbers on the map are the number of the department , the colour tells you how many kisses, 
  there are two damn m 's in mamma, 
  hungarian is basically the only language in hargita , covasna and eastern mures , i went there and as a romanian speaker i was looked down as an inferior man , they were very discriminatory , but i have to say that romanians and hungarians have a weird relationship, 
  that 's sad, 
  swiss italian is pretty similar to the italian they speak in milan , so there is total mutual intelligibility except for very very few words that are different, 
  switzerland mate , how could you forget switzerland, 
  i know you probably mean the us northeast , but is n't it sort of arrogant to say the northeast and pretend that others automatically assume it 's the american one ? 
  italy did n't have a lot of influence in ethiopia and because it started its colonial empire so late it had less impact in all its colonies , but overall you are right, 
  i know , the biggest pedopornography collection that i know of is the italian bibbia ( translation `` the bible '' ) , it currently has about 12000 pictures and videos but it is constantly updated , it became infamous because many girls had their names revealed and someone took legal action, 
  those damn underage illegal immigrants, 
  oh sardinia , we all know you are the only reason italy has n't legislated about this, 
  what do you mean why ? 
  what do you mean what do i mean what do you mean ? 
  i just informed you about a pedopornographic collection , what deeper meaning are you looking for ? 
  it has been deleted several times , but the guy who made it created dozens of blog pages and mega accounts because he is so passionate about his work, 
  you have been forgiven . 
  greetings from central ( italy ), 
  really ? 
  in which region ? 
  you 'll have a great time , the architecture and museums are amazing and the food is even better . 
  if you go to modena and parma you ca n't leave until you eat the original parmigiano and the balsamic vinegar of modena . 
  but if you want something that is not fine cuisine yet still amazing , in tuscany you sometimes find places that sell arrosticini , you have to try them , they are my favouirte italian street food ( if you want the original ones you should go to abruzzo or eastern lazio but i ate some in pisa that were delicious as well ), 
  in italy every town has its own holiday depending on their patron saint , on that day most shops are closed and it 's basically like a second sunday of the week , so i 'm sure there are a lot of italian towns that have st. john 's day as a public holiday, 
  edit : in fact among the biggest cities 5 celebrate st. john 's day . 
  they are florence , turin , genua , monza and cesena, 
  there is [ a list for the major cities ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/santi_patroni_cattolici_delle_citt%c3%a0_capoluogo_di_provincia_italiane ) , but for the small towns you have no way of knowing unless you ask someone from said town or you have access to the accounts of the catholic dioceses , but if you 're lucky they 'll tell you on the website of the town, 
  comuni are much smaller , i would say they are mprovince-like , even though modern provinces are larger than these subdivisions, 
  the fact that each town has its own festa may be because of the influence that italy ( mostly the kingdom of two sicilies ) had on the archipelago, 
  there are people who visited rome that did n't go to the vatican ? 
  what the hell happened to moldova, 
  i expected italian in argentina, 
  of course we have all the non spanish surnames from all the immigrants and the natives , but if you 're talking about castilian surnames i have no clue, 
  now it makes sense why they wanted to leave , germany did n't understand them, 
  vimeo , i have n't seen you in a long time, 
  when and why did the sword and globe change to the hammer and sickle ? 
  was it just because of the abolition of the monarchy ? 
  not all of them , we have [ the iron guard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_guard ) , [ the national revival of poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_revival_of_poland ) and others, 
  rammstein are pretty big , but i get your point , the nordics always seemed more metal, 
  french canadians are gon na be happy, 
  did n't each yugoslav republic have some degree of autonomy ?
