europe should try some federalism . 
  spread out the power within your countries . 
  then they wo n't feel the need to keep breaking away . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  i ca n't speak to op 's intent , only how his comment read . 
  in this instance , calling the president the `` head of government '' is n't accurate . 
  not exactly creative . 
  looks like a political cartoon thought up by a small child . 
  very nouveau riche tacky . 
  bomb proofing things is expensive . 
  the president is only head of the executive branch of the federal government . 
  we have a separation of powers . 
  as long as your bring it on your person or send it over using fed ex or something , you should be fine . 
  i ca n't imagine customs being too concerned with cheese . 
  any cheese that uses raw milk and which has n't been aged for at least 60 days are illegal to sell or import . 
  feel free to send me some contraband european cheese !, 
  so costumed super villains are finally a * thing * . 
  i 've always liked [ serbia 's 2007 winner ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsueqn1qvv4 ), 
  tough cookies, 
  the us did, 
  do n't forget we made you lose wwii too, 
  not rare at all in the us . 
  all hair our ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ russian overlords !, 
  there are around 500,000 illegal entries into the us every year . 
  that 's nice, 
  the fact that you can name only two points to your own poor education under communism . 
  there 's kim jong-ll , castro , lenin , ho chi mihn , kim ill sun , pol pot , brezhez all are just off the top of my head . 
  funny how nation-wide forced communism seems to always produce murderous dictators ... 
  communism was n't the problem , stalin was . 
  communism was not the problem , cuba was . 
  communism was not the problem , vietnam was . 
  communism was not the problem , north korea was . 
  communism was not the problem , mao was . 
  looks like forced communism is a problem . 
  which is why utopia means nowhere . 
  that requires a unanimous vote . 
  as yoda would say , size matters not . 
  you 'll all equal in the eu , for better or worse . 
  poor guy does n't even know how to make a hyperlink . 
  we need you !, 
   the `` reasoning '' behind your statement is bogus because it implies that there should be no safety margin . 
  it implies no such thing . 
  please take your straw men somewhere else . 
  a 1000 mile border with an extremely poor and corrupt nation is very much a economic siphon on the us . 
  if canada shared a border with mexico , it would not have a welfare state . 
  all of which can be summed up by `` correlation is n't causation '', 
  the hyperinflation your country is experiencing would be the more pressing issue . 
  this is bunk science . 
  there is absolutely no truth that living near nuclear plants causes cancer . 
  well it * was * the most powerful earthquake to ever hit japan . 
  so you have three citizenships in all ? 
  it 's hard to have nice things when mexico is your neighbor . 
  where do you live ? 
  we do n't have national id cards in the us . 
  is your wife a citizen then ? 
  does that not make you one automatically there ? 
  more nuclear power is pretty much the only thing i wish the us would adopt from the french . 
  i 'm hoping once the baby boomers all die off , the irrational and anti-science view of nuclear power will die with them . 
   i can not buy a product or a service wherever i want ( some vendors require national ids available only to citizens ) . 
  i can not even enter every physical area of the country without a national id can you expand upon this ? 
   a majority of 78.86 % the votes from abroad , fully counted in this tally , went for b\u0103sescu ( 115,831 to 31,045 ) . 
  [ 33 ] [ 34 ] some 94 % of the estimated 200,000 moldovans with romanian citizenship who voted in the election cast their vote for basescu , who has been a vocal advocate of moldovans ' right to regain romanian citizenship that 's a pretty big majority . 
   but citizenship is a fair arbitrary barrier to vote . 
  what do you mean by that exactly ? 
  well prove us wrong in wwiii and maybe your country can redeem itself . 
  you just have to last longer than 6 weeks so it 's a very low threshold this time around . 
  it did n't so much `` boom '' as simply reinforce what was already there . 
  we 'll stop calling you cowardly surrender monkeys if you stop calling us fat and stupid . 
  i feel in the country that you grew up in , it 's not unethical to vote . 
  you 're a citizen . 
  if you have an opinion about the direction of your country , then you should vote . 
  if you do n't have an opinion , then do n't vote . 
  do you plan on becoming a citizen in your new country ? 
  i 've never even ridden a greyhound so the chinatown might be a bit too much adventure for me . 
  the us has [ greyhound . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greyhound_lines ) , which is a private company . 
  it has some 3,700 destinations the us , canada , and mexico with 2,700 stations . 
  you can take a bus to pretty much anywhere in the country . 
  a cross country trip from new york to la ( about 2,500 miles , 4000 km ) costs around $ 230 on the website right now . 
  oklahoma city to dallas ( 200 miles , 320 km ) costs $ 27 . 
  it 's very cheap . 
  this is the most well known national brand but there are also tons of regional bus companies too . 
  naw this joke has been around since wwii . 
  it 's very much a product of the baby boomer generation . 
  just call me your chewey godmother, 
  do n't forget the teeth !, 
  thanks for the anthrax , wales . 
  every apartment complex in the world is n't at 100 % occupancy . 
  same with houses . 
  houses get built . 
  houses get foreclosed on . 
  stubbornness gave you wwi . 
  cowardice gave you wwii . 
  well at least you learned a little bit about the differences between patents and copyrights , if nothing else . 
  no one is `` forcing '' anything . 
  the us , the eu , canada etc. 
  all have separate patent offices . 
  a us patent does n't mean anything in the eu . 
  you must apply for each separately . 
  a copyright is completely different .
