  if your industry was one of the ones being protected by trade barriers then you might feel the agreement was very unfavorable . 
  increased foreign competition is good for consumers and domestic business that can grow and adapt but bad for the ones who ca n't beat foreign companies every trade deal makes some people very very mad and others very very happy but it 's about the big picture and for the economy as a whole . 
  to explain to the europeans , the us has long accepted unrestricted immigration to all cubans . 
  unfavorable for the uk because in order for them to get what they want they will have to concede much , much more of what the us wants . 
  this is how negotiations work when the one party has vastly more power than the other . 
  if you want to negotiate as an economic equal you should stay in the eu . 
  yes and the us will get to decide by and large which trade barriers go down and by how much . 
  there is no raising of more trade barriers at a free-trade agreement meeting . 
  that would defeat the entire purpose . 
  unless trade negotiations are done by the students who run your college student councils , the idea of this even being brought up is pure fantasy . 
  you also do n't seem to understand that these trade barriers * already exist right now . 
  and ? 
  what , hold the threat of divestment over the us 's head ? 
  lol , yes , please hold the threat of wiping out all your pensions and crippling your economy over our heads . 
  the us would make their interests very clear on the negotiation table . 
  it will not be a favorable deal for the uk . 
  if he wanted to be spiteful he would have said that any such trade would leave almost all the bargaining power in the hands of the us . 
  looks very meatloaf inspired . 
  first time ever not to qualify a full team . 
  they had metaled every games since ' 76 . 
  larissa will still be going assuming she 's healthy though so all is not lost . 
  europe inserts itself into every conceivable american foreign and domestic policy debate constantly so i really do n't understand why brits think the us ca n't just do it back now and then . 
  few things are more hypnotic than a helicoptering weenie . 
  i was just curious . 
  every country has a different media structure . 
  everyone breaks a sweat in qatar . 
  is it popular with germans too ? 
  the us really ca n't match places with plurality representation when it comes to entertaining legislatures . 
  it seemed more similar to * voice of america *, 
  is dw like the german bbc ? 
  it could certainly be read like that but the `` all men are created equal '' is a line found only in the declaration of independence . 
  superlative inception, 
  there 's no `` all people are equal '' clause in the constitution . 
  you 're confusing it with the declaration of independence . 
  it 's been much more civil since 1880 or so . 
  that 's just how you guys are now . 
  political union takes sacrifices . 
  this is n't quite up to bbc standards . 
  now if europe goes all federal then you guys only get one team in the olympics and world cup and all that . 
  do n't worry , our canadian hat will always be a smug fit . 
  i 'm all for the eu adopting the balkan version of robert 's rules of order . 
  [ it depends ] ( http://www.purduereview.com/campus/civility-in-the-us-congress/ ), 
  perhaps if those graves were n't full of americans too . 
  is this the yanis stuff ? 
  it 's easy to not have race issues when your country is 98 % the same race . 
  the idea of slavs/serbia having a kingdom equal to austria in a triple empire was n't popular among austrian nobility . 
  welcome to international law !, 
  when europe wants to invoke it , it become a sacred degree . 
  the highest authority in all the world . 
  breaking international law is the most illegal thing possible . 
  when europe does n't want to honor their treaty obligations international law become `` lol , * make me * , i can do what i want '', 
  no , not the spending clause . 
  how does europe force the us to go to war for europe if they 're attacked ? 
  so , tell me , how does europe force the us to abide by the treaty ? 
  and actually * run * wearing a tracksuit ? 
  do n't forget to blame the defeat of the spanish armada too . 
  there 's no wealth to extract . 
  the ah simply wanted to a stable region with no genocide or constant slav wars . 
  it 's basically the same thing today . 
  the concept of even having a european country not be pro-western or not * in * the west did n't exist until after wwii . 
  or maybe that 's the time period britain was supposed to install that anti-ah government . 
  they all were targets . 
  habsburgs were a royal house spanning 600 years of kingdoms and empires in europe . 
  it does n't really make sense to compare an entire royal house spanning hundreds of years to say victorian age britain . 
  habsburg compares to boubons and hollenzolern and the like . 
  it 's like when booth killed lincoln . 
  maybe you should n't kill the one person with the power and desire to help your cause . 
   thats like saying the high rate of police killing of black people or slavery means you were better off as a british colony . 
  sounds retarded right ? 
  yes , you do sound retarded . 
  1,100,000 serbians killed which was 27 % percent of the total population . 
  60 % of the male population killed . 
  winning wwi comes in all shapes and sizes i suppose . 
  without those habsburgs in the way , serbia has seen nothing but continual peace and prosperity from the end of wwi to today . 
  thanks gavrilo !, 
  basically the end of the civil war to teddy roosevelt becoming vp and the p and bringing the progressive age into full force . 
  there 's no single term for the entire century for us history . 
  the gilded age is from 1869-1898 . 
  the civil war 1861-65 , reconstruction 1865-1877 manifest destiny 1812-1860 era of good feelings 1817-1825, 
  you speak as if i give a shit . 
  yes all our nato allies have ignored the minimum military spending requirements of the treaty . 
  we never pull the `` in violation of international law '' card either . 
  there 's nothing a good old fashion military cu ca n't fix . 
  what counts as a * traffic violation * in switzerland ? 
  deportation for a couple speeding tickets in a ten year period seems a bit draconian . 
   the referendum asks whether any foreign national found guilty of two lower-level infractions , including fighting , ** money laundering ** , giving false testimony and indecent exposure , should be expelled . 
  it 's so weird seeing money laundering listed in the same category as traffic violations . 
  what does that mean ? 
  correct , contraception is indeed a thing these days . 
  you might also have noticed people still having unplanned pregnancies and being infected with stis is still a * thing . 
  yea , the sudden change from leaving the eu to `` leaving europe '' is pretty ridiculous . 
  i 'm sure the swiss and norwegians will be surprised to learn they 've been stripped of their european status . 
  how young can be to join these youth parties ? 
  are there like summer camps where you go off and learn about the joys of the party ? 
  well , the victim are the possible offspring . 
  nobody wants to look like a hapsburg . 
  animal rights groups made veal the poster child of the animal rights movement , at least here in the us . 
  raising the calve in an indoor crate which did n't allow for movement or standing so as to keep the meet tender was viewed as an animal welfare issue . 
  and you know about foie gras . 
  as long as countries ban religious and non-religious animal equally , i do n't have a problem .
