  they 're similar in that they both protect intellectual property but they are very dissimilar in how they are sought , granted , and implemented on an international level . 
  patent law does n't have anything to do with copyright law ... a us patent does n't affect other countries like a copyright or trademark does ... 
  sure , this was dealing with a company 's trademark/logo though . 
  [ indeed ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x9dlci9.gif ) edit : maybe nsfw, 
  berne has no provisions for centuries old art of creators long since dead . 
  no that 's a trademark , not a copyright . 
   intellectual property attorney stephanie burns , with the portland , oregon law offices of davis , wright , tremaine , agrees . 
  what pebble beach co. has rights over is any unauthorized reproduction of the particular image of the lone cypress it submitted to the government trademark office in 1989 . 
  `` they did not obtain protection for the tree itself , '' burns opines . 
  `` they obtained protection for their image of the tree . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.montereycountyweekly.com/news/local_news/article_866e02fd-b117-5fe3-a69d-4be25f10a861.html ) it has n't been challenged in court yet as far i can tell so we ca n't know if their own interoperation would pass judicial muster . 
  berne was about creating * uniform * laws which all the signees agreed on anyway . 
  it does n't mean a country and make up it 's own absurd standards and force them upon the world . 
  not if those claims violate us law . 
  not if the us or other countries does n't recognize their claims . 
  i 'm sure italy would love the extra cash that a magical copyright to the collective works of the renaissance would bring , but that 's just not how it works . 
  this would be like the us claimed that all pictures of the golden gate bridge need to the approval of the government . 
  yes the state of california `` owns '' the bridge , but that does n't give them any say on how images of the bridge are used around the world . 
  art from the 15th century is very much in the public domain . 
   ukraine crisis unveils inadequacy of ~ ~ eu ~ ~ germany as world player or , at least , this is the impression i get . 
  you 're welcome, 
  we had hoped europe could sort itself out . 
  but , as history has proved , europe ca n't go more than a couple generations without completely destroying itself . 
  and those 600 or so killed in iraq and afghanistan will never be forgotten . 
  nor will the 600,000 americans killed during the two world wars . 
  a memorandum is n't a treaty though . 
  the us never ratified the versailles treaty either . 
  ukraine needs to join nato posthaste . 
  american blood spilt again in the protection of europeans from other europeans - hopefully not, 
  canada also has the benefit of only sharing a border with the us . 
  if you had 20 million mexicans illegally crossing your borders , your welfare state would crumble . 
  oh come now . 
  wwi was firmly a european clusterfuck . 
  you can hardly blame the us for not wanting to get involved . 
  europe has a history of * not * dealing with problems on their own . 
  for reference , review the 20th century . 
  this hypocrisy is well known . 
  we 'd love for europe to be able to defend itself . 
  the us is sick of it too . 
  but how will swiss young people get drunk in spain now ? 
  and the fracturing of europe continues . 
  germany no !, 
  down boy , good boy . 
  stay !, 
  if ever you are in oklahoma during thanksgiving you are inviting to my house . 
  grandma really does bring in a turkey like that and we are all smiling and happy . 
  if that sounds horrifying , then we can bail and go drink . 
  you finns are a pessimistic bunch . 
  i 've always seen it as showing just how close we are to isolation . 
  just a few seats away from being truly alone . 
  i saw the couple as a contrast to the single man but maybe they 're just a continuation . 
  what about [ this ] ( http://0.tqn.com/d/arthistory/1/0/r/1/1/norman-rockwell-freedom-from-want-1943.jpg ) one ? 
  i 'm curious , which aspects do you find disturbing ? 
  excellent choices, 
  fifth time 's the charm !, 
  can you just not send adele or something ? 
  i ca n't wait until global warming creates a land bridge between the uk and europe so that you all can enjoy mass illegal immigration too . 
  these refugees are better dressed than most mexicans . 
  we have a lake tenkiller . 
  live in oklahoma . 
  can confirm . 
  the best part is that most of the smaller indian casinos are filled with mostly members of their own tribe . 
  the money just keeps going round and round until it dies in a pool of vomit and cardiac arrest . 
  they also can have fun names . 
  like kickapoo . 
  and sac and fox . 
  being in the eu is n't the test for being european . 
  turkey is only `` european '' when it 's convenient . 
  nope , just american law . 
  from the article :  floyd wisner , the lawyer who has instigated the action , has used the us torture victim protection act , which can be used against foreign nationals , to bring a case against mr girkin in an american court . 
  lord byron died for this . 
  we already have those foo . 
  you can still have feta . 
  i do hold a bit of a grudge against spanish olives though ... you guys do n't pit them when you put them on a pizza . 
  almost chipped my tooth there !, 
  california and spain have much better olive oil anyway . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  apart from the logistics of where and how ( north africa is pretty short of livable areas , what with being covered in the [ sahara desert ] ( http://www.allwonders.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/sahara-desert-location-map.jpg ) . 
  these people want out of africa * now . 
  * promising them an imaginary city or island or moon colony in 5-20 years does n't address the immediate problem . 
  would cost trillions and take a generation to build . 
  you find it profound that one could find ten people to take someones else 's money if only they gave half to the government ? 
  i was taught that `` these united states '' and `` the united states are '' was common in antebellum us but stopped being used commonly afterwards . 
  it does say * northern * america . 
  where are your `` human rights '' now europe ? 
  thousands die on you borders and you do nothing . 
  i do n't think we 'd give you a ride this time . 
  shhhh do n't ruin the narrative . 
  oh god please no . 
  this is n't a good time for us . 
  it always seems to be people blaming erdogan without putting any blame on the europeans countries actually arresting their own citizens . 
  seems odd to me . 
  is this really considered heroic in europe ? 
  it should very much be a benefit to the economy as a whole yes . 
  so was thatcher closing the coal mines . 
  not everyone comes out happy . 
  it 's impossible to predict individual effect of an agreement till it 's here . 
  well if you look at the data ( though it 's scewed because the agreement came into effect right before the financial crisis ) the us benefited much more compared the aussies . 
  there 's still a benefit to australia but , like it would be to the uk , the us gets much more out of the deals . 
  these are also net positives for the entire economy .
