well yeh , it 's not like scotland will be able to . 
  how the fuck is galileo not on the italian list ... 
  the eu is becoming germany 's takeover of europe done in a peaceful way . 
  the great mistake was that the allies supported germany after ww2 , instead of destroying it . 
  if germany had been destroyed and taken over the eu would not exist , the current member states would have their own currencies , laws , trading agreements and total control over their own affairs . 
  instead we see more and more power move to brussels , referendums ignored , foreign economic migrants moving freely into europe , and the seeds of the creation of a new army that is loyal to no nation ( but in practice will probably be controlled by germany ) . 
  he gave her the courtesy she deserves , which is nothing . 
  well i want the scots to fuck off . 
  sorry , but it does n't matter if they vote to leave or stay , it does n't matter anymore . 
  they lit the fire of english nationalism and they 're going to get burnt . 
  what ? 
  how am i supposed to do that ? 
  sadly i ca n't vote scotland out of the uk . 
  this is bullshit . 
  someone is lying , either the telegraph , its source , or sturgeon . 
  i hope and pray scotland leaves the uk and joins the eu . 
  i hope trump goes nuclear on germany . 
  the us wo n't take much of a hit from wrecking the german economy , and the benefit would be considerable . 
  she 's the leader of the eu , not the free world . 
  he looks ashamed ashamed to be in the same room as that horrid witch . 
  good man . 
   i think realistically london will remain very important over the next 5 years and then slowly lose influence . 
  in 20 years it will still be important but probably just `` one of europe 's financial centers '' , not `` the european financial center '' anymore . 
  london is not `` one of europe 's financial centers '' , it is one of the world 's financial centres . 
  it is now competing only with new york . 
  in 20 years , it will be well ahead . 
  london will benefit from brexit due to deregulation and corporate tax reduction . 
   english here . 
  you 'll have to go through me first . 
  nothing wrong with the scots , just the snp . 
  elected by the scots . 
  sorry , mate , ca n't divorce one from the other . 
  it is . 
  all the valid economic arguments against brexit apply manifold to scottish independence . 
  it 's not just that you will lose england 's spending and trade ( which is the vast majority of your `` export '' ) , it 's that you will have to do this whilst recreating all the extra components of a national infrastructure that you do n't have ( like an armed forces ) that you currently take for granted . 
  and you will do this whilst applying to become members of the eu , and once you do become members of the eu , you will have to deal with not knowing how many eu citizens will enter your country and set up base there . 
  that 's a big problem when you are budgeting for a 5 million population open to 500 million others , when you have a free nhs in scotland that just got closed off in england ( guess where those eu patients are going to go ) . 
  if you think leaving a 40 year union with europe is going to be dangerous , wait till you leave a 300 year old union with a country you are part of . 
  i 'm desperately hoping you guys vote to leave the uk . 
  i 'll be happy to never see a scot in england ever again . 
   the european market will most likely be gone . 
  well , gosh , you should tell toyota , they might not know . 
  if only they had someone as informed and smart as you helping them . 
  it would be barely a blip in the uk news were it not for the remoaners/leftists warning of impending doom following brexit . 
   actually you are british , european and snobs , because it seams you 're too good to see yourself part of this continent . 
  the eu is not a continent , it 's an institution . 
  eu and europe are not the same thing . 
  we 're leaving the eu , not europe . 
  instead of bringing in another member state that will need financial help ( and do n't kid yourself , scotland is in deep shit without england 's public spending and trade ) , would n't it be better to help those that are already members and going through misery , you know , like greece ? 
   i say let them vote now , and if they get independence offer them a huge welcome fund as soon as they join the eu and make greece pay for it . 
   surely that 's a matter for the scottish govt , not the westminster govt . 
  nope . 
  westminster says when a referendum can be held . 
  they could even call a referendum just to fuck with sturgeon . 
  that 's some serious stockholm syndrome you have there . 
  the fact that you equate leaving the eu with economic suicide shows how insidious that organisation is . 
  congratulations to freedom party supporters . 
  it 's really encouraging to see a party like this do so well in northern europe , of all places . 
  i hope our dutch friends continue to fight the good fight , and we 'll see you on the other side of the eu !, 
   i always find it weird when i read about british lack of european sentiment ... are you so overwhelmed by the american soft-power that you see yourself american ? 
  or maybe you see yourself asian for some reason , maybe even african ? 
  you missed the most obvious one : british . 
  we see ourselves as british . 
  that 's all it is , no need to look for some torturously convoluted and esoteric explanation . 
  have some honour and relinquish your british citizenship . 
  is every dutchman and his splif dealer listed on there ? 
  support for scottish independence is the highest it has ever been ... in england . 
  as a non-scot brit , i will celebrate the departure of scotland almost as much as i will celebrate escaping the wretched eu . 
  it 's not a threat . 
  we do n't have the time to waste on negotiating a shitty deal or one that is only marginally better than just walking away . 
  if it looks like it 's going nowhere by the end of the year , we should just walk away . 
   economic wise , it is likely in germany 's long-term interest to destroy uk 's economy , germany/ireland would absorb all the london financial service businesses you live in some stupid fantasy world . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is a bunch of 16-24 year olds . 
  they do n't know anything , they just think they know . 
  do n't see what the problem is . 
   france crushes the rest of the middle east iraq , iran and syria are not on turkey 's side . 
  they would enjoy erdogan 's humiliation . 
  he did a stupid thing and deserved to lose his job . 
  he is still a patriot . 
  liam fox is a uk patriot , something rare for a scot . 
  i watched this interview . 
  the title is sensationalist . 
  i would n't say i/we have a culture for it . 
  there were good opportunities and we went for them . 
  we all came back to the uk after a few years abroad ( except one friend in the us , who is probably going to stay there because he is being paid a monstrous amount ) . 
  scandinavia , germany , spain ( a lot of young british tech people in barcelona for example ) , austria , ireland are all realistic options . 
  then there are those outside europe . 
  all of my friends who left the uk went to the us or east asia ( hk , singapore , s. korea , australia ) . 
   eh , its hard to move city and harder to move countries it 's really not . 
  it 's extremely common . 
  i 've done it many times and i 'm a lazy fuck . 
  a large number of my friends have moved across the world , from america to east asia . 
  unfortunately for you , the people in charge on both sides agree on this one point : that rights of citizens should be given . 
  it 's pretty much the only thing they agree upon . 
  you can . 
  it 's not that hard to emigrate to somewhere decent . 
  you 're not going to because you do n't care enough . 
  so stop your whining please , it 's gon na be alright . 
  you 're right , i 'm not understanding you , and i ' l leave it at that . 
  good .
