  7 billion of them are not in the eu , and they have the big growth potential . 
  5 ) a country like the uk is not large enough to be threatening to the big boys . 
  as long as we invent great stuff , they will buy it . 
  * not * being part of a big super-state can have advantages as well as disadvantages ( people always focus on the latter ) . 
  is this your contribution to international women 's day ? 
  combine gun-toting women with the euro anti-british fervour in one post ? 
   until you have an accident/find out you have cancer and end up in debt for the rest of your life . 
  health insurance pays for healthcare , and the healthcare available in the us is the best in the world . 
  they have extremely rigorous training , extremely good hospitals and the latest medical technology . 
  i fully support the nhs and all it stands for , but the idea that the us has poor healthcare is a complete fantasy . 
  it 's european propaganda , complete rubbish . 
  itt : euromuppets jealous of the us . 
  no country in europe could hold a candle to the us . 
  it is by far the greatest country in the world . 
   do n't play nice with cheaters do n't buy cars from them either . 
   do you have any idea , i mean just a tiny fraction of an idea of what eu is even about ? 
  handing monetary policy over to some foreign entity ? 
  no thanks . 
   neither are they dutch , but we did n't wriggle out not our fault you made a stupid decision . 
   brexit ca n't come sooner , if only it would . 
  mercs have been dodgy since the 90 's . 
  bimmers are good . 
  vee dubs are well overpriced . 
  and do n't give me any of that `` ze german engineering '' business , the japanese have been producing more reliable and cheaper cars for ages . 
  i do n't want anything , i was explaining the reality of the situation to brianlife . 
  i did n't say most of the things you think i said . 
   juncker is the new hittler , that 's it ? 
  i did n't say that , i said he is an ideologically-driven megalomaniac , which hitler was as well . 
   and because germans 80 years ago started a war and committed atrocities we should punish their children , grandchildren , and great-grandchildren , is that correct ? 
  i did n't say that either , did i ? 
  what i will say is that allowing germany to have so much influence over europe is dangerous for all of us . 
  yeh i get it , today 's germans are not responsible for their grandfathers ' actions , but i bet most of those grandfathers were actually quite nice people . 
  only an idiot would fail to learn the lessons of history and get complacent . 
  ok , good for you . 
  you have an open mind , that already puts you ahead of most people . 
  the first rule of ir is that there are no friends in politics , no charity , no good-will ... there is only self-interest . 
  occasionally an ideologically-motivated megalomaniac like hitler or juncker gets into power but most of the time , ir is cold , rational , and calculating . 
  so when you say that the eu funds some poor country , also ask , where is the money ? 
  where is the power ? 
  rich countries like germany and france offer to pay for poorer countries to get them and keep them in the eu , to exploit their cheap labour , keep their own exports cheap with a shared currency , and have political power over them . 
  greece , for example , is now the property and personal bitch of germany . 
  greece has no hope whatsoever of regaining any semblance of independence without an taking a catastrophic economic and societal hit . 
  it amazes me , absolutely amazes me , with the massive atrocities committed by germany in the 20th c , and being * defeated * , that they are now in the early stages of taking control of europe 's armed forces !, 
  kudos to you , germans , you are a clever people . 
  she 's euro-right , which is left by a sane person 's reckoning . 
  she imported a crap load of muslims in an uncontrolled way because of some absurd sense of moral duty . 
   hopefully they 'll come around one day when their chain of command realizes that a military needs to be cohesive , coordinated and well-structured in order to produce results . 
  wait , am i seeing a european lecturing britain on how to operate an army ? 
  hahaha . 
  i come for the news , i stay for the comedy . 
   it 's free !!, 
  you definitely got your money 's worth . 
   you 're the ones responsible for this country tearing itself apart right now do you mean scotland leaving ? 
  good riddance . 
  yes , that 's what being in a federalised super state means . 
  also wo n't be paying the price of being in the eu . 
  to two decimal places , do n't you know ... who believes this shit ? 
  well , i suspect it will be more than just a very eu-specific component . 
  ah yes , terror attacks , two wars , the biggest economic downturn since the great depression ... those were the days , eh ... 
  the project even involves israel . 
  if the eu insists on taking a hostile attitude to scientific and technological cooperation with the uk , then it will find that the uk will just go off and work with others . 
  no , the uk will still be in europe post-brexit . 
  you , like the government , think everyone is stupid . 
  i imagine the sound of slutty english women in short skirts and high heels falling over in a drunken stupour on a friday night . 
  the us is not going to look to the uk for cheap and unfettered foreign labour when it already has that in enormous supply with mexico . 
  your point about standards is , however , valid . 
  the uk will probably relax standards in certain areas like food . 
  this idea that big dog gets his way over small dog in trade deals is based on a complete misunderstanding of incentives . 
  being in the eu , you ca n't approach the us ( nor anyone else ) for a trade deal . 
  being outside it , you would of course try . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  the uk is going to trade to make a deal with anyone and everyone . 
  the anglosphere and commonwealth are clear targets . 
  you 're assuming that a relationship of equals is what the uk wants . 
  it does n't . 
  it wants a trade deal and to continue the intelligence and military co-operation that already exists . 
  because spain has a relationship of equals with germany ? 
  it 's good , i assure you . 
  net migration into the uk has been outrageously high the last 10 years . 
  please tell me this is fake news . 
  russia would n't stand chance against uk+f rance . 
  hahaha , this is so true it 's painful . 
   the cologne public library is serving as a social and educational space for the city 's refugees , as counterparts across germany increasingly become places for community engagement . 
  ** could the uk learn from this ? 
  are you an attractive woman ? 
   if i ever met neil i 'd probably go full jeremy clarkson and just hit him . 
  because you 're a leftist ogre that does not know how to live in a civilised society . 
  it is no small wonder that the left and islamists co-operate so much , the modus operandi is the same : counter argument with violence . 
   i 've never in my life seen a documentary about the good things the nazi or the kaiser did . 
  there must have been some . 
  they improved technology massively . 
  nazi technology and industriousness was awesome . 
  yes , what i am saying is that it is inaccurate to say it is `` funded by eu money '' . 
  they are eu projects , but the money is british . 
  the exit bill will be set on the same basis that the current contributions are made on , meaning that more goes into the eu than comes back . 
  i am not saying that it should not be paid , of course all agreements should be honoured . 
  i am saying that all the benefits of being in the eu , be it market access or eu projects , are ultimately facilities and services paid for by the uk . 
  countries that are net recipients can say their services and facilities are funded by eu money , because other countries have literally paid for them to have it . 
   if the brits on reddit are any indication this is going to get way nastier than anticipated . 
  if the euros on here are any indication , they will want to `` punish '' the uk as much as possible merely for exercising our rights as given in the eu constitution .
