  it will be the first thing discussed . 
  either the euros make a reciprocal arrangement for uk nationals and everything gets sorted out quickly , or they do n't and we were right not to give it to their citizens . 
  the uk wo n't `` help '' scotland have an easy transition . 
  the priority for the uk will be relocating trident and purging areas sensitive to national security , like the intelligence services , of the soon-to-be foreigners . 
  how scotland goes about forming its own armed forces is scotland 's business , not the uk 's . 
  i do n't see your point . 
   although , if scotland votes to remain again , i ca n't see them getting another independence referendum in a long time . 
  it 's not just that . 
  their relationship with england will be different . 
  having a referendum and staying is one thing . 
  having two referendums in the space of five years and staying just makes you look like a bit of a twat . 
  it 's like a girlfriend who keeps threatening you with breaking up but does n't go through with it because she 's still waiting for someone better to come along . 
  fuck you scotland , leave . 
  for an irishman you seem awfully obsessed with britain 's affairs . 
   the funny thing is that scotland as a new eu member would have a veto on england rejoining the eu in the future . 
  we 're not coming back . 
  i do n't know why it 's so hard for you guys to accept what 's happening right before your eyes . 
  once scotland goes independent , it 's a foreign entity . 
  defence policy will be based on what 's best for the uk . 
  if that happens to include some sort of protection for scotland , then that 's purely incidental . 
   should scotland become independent and then wants to rejoin the eu , no one will want a hard border between scotland and england ... says who ? 
  i for one would like a hard border . 
  these are the rantings of a teenager . 
  sanction the crap out of turkey . 
  good . 
  scotland out !, 
  this is n't 2014 . 
  what has become clear is that the scots are more eu than uk . 
  i was indifferent in 2014 , now i say good riddance . 
  and i * really * doubt i 'm the only one in england with this view . 
   does n't the uk have a parliament with 4 nations in it though ? 
  if i could , i would vote to separate from n. ireland and scotland , but sadly that wo n't happen . 
  regardless , the unit is the nation state , not the individual . 
  british people setting the direction for britain is the important point . 
  being part of the eu , british people have to decide a collective direction with half a billion or so non-british people . 
   i think that the british system is not at all that clear nor representative since the people said `` we want to leave the eu '' and that is happening but there was no plan nor prediction provided , so you 're stuck following may 's whims . 
  so people vote in the eu ( ireland , france , greece ) and the eu ignores them and tells them to vote again . 
  we vote and the government obeys , and yet we are the ones that are not representative ? 
  the vote asked in or out , it did not ask for a plan . 
  we voted out and the government is taking us out . 
  so far may has done everything correctly . 
  the only people complaining about her seem to be the ones who voted to remain . 
  i do n't necessarily trust may , but i trust that the hard-brexit conservatives in her party are working for the best interests of this country . 
  completely agree . 
  we should just sign the paper work and get on with other things . 
  if/when the eu wants to talk business , we can talk , but we should not be dedicating resource to making it happen . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
   find yourselfe a good argument , a one that means something . 
  i do n't want to be in a political union with another country . 
  that 's all the argument i need . 
   we vote for these people you know ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  we share a parliament with 27 other nations . 
  we have no say over whom they choose to put in power . 
   you say that totalitarianism failed to materialise in britain and yet you have an unelected leader making decisions based on one non-binding referendum we elect mps and parties , not prime ministers . 
  she was elected an mp and her party elected to form a government . 
  she has the same right to lead as any other pm . 
  she is implementing the result of a referendum that was passed by parliament by a 6:1 majority vote . 
  the mandate for leaving is solid . 
  i know in the eu you guys vote and your politicians just ignore it , but we 're not like you . 
  our politicians take orders from us , not the other way round . 
  we are leaving the eu , no ifs , no buts , no nothing . 
   freedom from what ? 
  bend bananas ? 
  from being ruled by people who are foreign to us , not elected by us , and not accountable to us . 
   whole 20th century they spend in democracy isolated from totalitarian regimes ever heard of ww2 ? 
  the uk was not isolated from that . 
  it sacrificed life and wealth to keep its freedom . 
  totalitarianism failed to materialise in britain because we know when to draw a line at the feet of politicians and dare them to cross it . 
  the fact that you are so proud of your union shows that you really do n't know when to draw that line . 
  no thanks , i voted out , but if it removes some of those odious remainers from this island i 'm all for it . 
   owning one instantly makes you a millionaire . 
  most people take mortgages . 
  if you take a # 1m mortgate to buy a flat , you would own it , but would be # 1m in debt , so no change in wealth . 
  you do n't just give up freedom . 
  look , my view is that the us is the greatest country in the world , and i am really looking forward to a closer alliance once we leave the eu . 
  however , i do n't think it would be good for either of us to be united . 
  the reason i say this is that i believe the anglosphere is special . 
  the anglosphere is the stable rock that has kept this world from degenerating into an absolute savage mess , and ensured mankind has at least some semblance of rationality , human rights and equal treatment under the law . 
  britain passed the torch of leadership to america , but britain is much older and more stable . 
  with the changes in us demographics , it is not clear how well the us will cope . 
  britain needs to remain the stable rock of angloshphere culture and civilisation , and to do that , it needs to govern itself . 
  as long as britain exists and is independent , the other anglosphere countries have a reference point . 
  the us has far surpassed britain in many , many ways . 
  however , the us would be lost without britain . 
   but there was a referendum in 1975 that was n't the eu . 
  we 're not talking jumping a red light here . 
  good riddance . 
  anyone venerating a terrorist group like the ira deserves insults . 
  fuck the lot of you eurotwats . 
  maybe next time a truck plows through a crowd in france i 'll put a picture up . 
  not just that , but there has been a stream of good news over the last six months with many big companies investing in new r&d labs in the uk . 
  anyone who thinks the uk is going to actually become less innovative because of brexit is deluding themselves . 
  1 ) the weak pound makes british scientists and engineers a bargain . 
  2 ) the diminishing status of the finance industry relative to high-tech will rebalance the labour force . 
  finance will no longer be the toxic black hole that sucks up the top graduates like it has been doing for two decades . 
  3 ) europe 's apparent determination to `` make an example '' of britain will force britain to come up with new ways to thrive . 
  necessity is the mother of invention ( as the israelis well know ) . 
  the uk will use science to thrive outside the eu because it simply has no other choice . 
  4 ) there are 7.5 billion people in the world .
