  if oxford wants to become french , i have no problem with that , they are free to do as they please . 
  however , all uk government funding they receive ( which is certainly the vast majority of their funding ) should be terminated and redistributed to british universities . 
  yes . 
  we just wanted to get out , no hard feelings . 
  but oh well ... we 'll see who comes off worse . 
   europe , the mighty continent . 
  there are also japanese cars , american computer hardware and software , korean phones , and a bazillion chinese goods . 
  the world is bigger than europe , you seem not see that with all the circle-jerking around here . 
  mind your own business . 
  your country is humiliated by germans on a daily basis and you run to defend the eu like a good little doggy . 
  they are an abomination to parliament . 
  why wo n't they just fuck off ? 
  i agree , it would be lose-lose , but how long are we supposed to put up with their anti-uk attitude ? 
  if they want to run off into the arms of the eu so much , i 'd rather take the loss and let them go . 
  scotland it not an independent country , you ca n't compare gdp like that . 
  scotland gets considerably more proportional government spending than england . 
  and that does n't even include private-sector uk spending that happens to be in scotland , nor the latent costs to scotland hidden by being in the uk , such as defence . 
  scotland is like a room mate who has lived with you for years . 
  he is not wealthy so you pay his rent and living costs . 
  yet every day he goes down the pub and talks shit about you to the locals , to ingratiate himself to them even though they have not done a fraction what you have done for him . 
  that room mate needs to be kicked out the house and the locks changed . 
  let his pub buddies look after him . 
  fuck the scots , they have been insulting us constantly for the last seven months to suck up to germans , french and whatnot . 
  they have no honour , no decency , no dignity . 
  their ancestors would be ashamed of them . 
  i want a scottish independence rally in england . 
  do n't you guys think for one second that we all want scotland to stay in the union . 
  i would be overjoyed to be rid of them . 
  i hope you can get eu citizenship , but it should cost you your british citizenship . 
  if you really believe the eu is the great utopia , and britain is doomed , then it should be a clear and easy choice . 
  i would suggest you start looking into it now , look for jobs in the eu and try to move there . 
  let employers know you voted remain and want to be an eu citizen . 
  nope , not fair . 
  i propose this : any briton who wants to become an eu citizen , the eu can facilitate this but he must get citizenship of a particular country and must give up his british citizenship . 
  i * really * do n't want them to be british citizens anymore , and if we can do as suggested above , then everyone gets what they want . 
   i actually think that is a smart strategy in peace times , as you have advanced technology and can scale it up when required . 
  exactly . 
  maintaining a large force in peace time is a huge waste of money . 
  better to keep a small force and use the remaining funds for innovation . 
  influential , which he is . 
  yeh , you do n't know mate . 
  germans do n't know who the pm of spain is , probably every spaniard knows who merkel is . 
  do n't give me some disingenuous crap about seats in the parliament . 
  the germans and french run the show , everyone else is only in the news when they have domestic problems . 
  without looking it up , who is the prime minister of spain ? 
  . . in theory ... 
  so i guess she 's the de facto leader of the eu now ... 
   the father ... said on saturday his son was not an islamist and the french were only accusing him of terrorism to excuse the brutality used to stop him . 
  abdullah reda al-hamamy , an egyptian , was shot several times after attacking soldiers outside the museum crying `` allahu akbar '' on friday , in what president francois hollande called a terrorist attack . 
  `` allahu akbar '' is arabic for `` alright mate , can you direct me to the nearest gents please ? 
  cheers '' . 
  kid did nothing wrong . 
  from what i 've heard , adultery is basically a hobby in france . 
  i do n't think the french actually expect their marriages to be monogamous . 
  i kind of admire their redpill attitude to it . 
   meanwhile , russia merely has to sit back and enjoy british influence in continental europe decreasing by their own choice i 'm sure i speak for many others when i say we do n't care about influencing europe . 
  you guys are grown ups , you can make your own decisions . 
  in the meantime , the other things you said are really quite true . 
  it 's the era of cyberwarfare , and that 's the fight we have to win against the russians . 
  they are * always * carrying machine guns when on active duty . 
  lee rigby was not on active duty . 
  he was unarmed and not even on duty . 
  ah fuck , we did n't beat the french . 
  the commission , council and parliament . 
  they have little accountability because the members of those institutions have to share power with their counterparts from other countries and so most of the decision-making is done by people from other countries . 
  you can not punish or reward , in anyway , the representatives from other countries . 
  you ca n't even communicate with them except via some long , indirect route . 
  furthermore , the european commission seeks to act in the interest of the european project rather than in the interest of the ember states . 
  given how small and powerful it is , and that its members are not elected , it makes the influence of the man on the street absolutely tiny . 
  it 's very much in the self-interest of the eu populations to have a good trading relationship with the uk post-brexit . 
  any half-wit can see that . 
  however , because the leadership of the eu is not really accountable to the half billion people who live under them , they may not care . 
   novo invests everywhere . 
  that 's pretty dumb of them . 
  where did you go ? 
  i 'm actually very happy . 
  i have never been so optimistic as i am now , not just because of brexit but also because of trump 's election victory . 
  that said , there are two things which i am not happy about : 1 ) the remoaners who refuse to accept the referendum result and seek to sabotage brexit . 
  they would rather see the uk crash and burn than be proven wrong . 
  i detest these people . 
  2 ) i think an ever closer eu is going to be a disaster for europe . 
  it is not in our interest for europe to go through hardship . 
  that said , it 's pretty clear that this is inevitable , so i will probably stop talking about it soon . 
  the uk is the fastest growing economy in the g7 . 
  if that 's failure , then i ca n't wait to see what success looks like . 
  have fun with your eurozone , debt , and immigration troubles this year . 
  how do you people not see the insanity of such a proposition ? 
  by supporting this you are setting yourselves up for a world of misery . 
  it ca n't work . 
  a centralised authority over vastly different countries does not work . 
   makes you feel proud to be british ... 
  yes , it does , actually . 
  the mission of the government is to serve the interests of its people , not be a saint . 
  i 'm no fan of turkey , but if it serves the uk interest to form closer ties with them , then we should absolutely do it . 
  itt : absurdly hypocritical europeans https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_equipment_of_the_turkish_land_forces, 
   ` welcomed them ' ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  yes welcomed . 
  they took every sunni town north of baghdad and not a single shia village . 
  yeh , it 's even more common now .
