  rest assured , we wo n't take that lying down . 
   because there are projects being developed in the uk funded by eu money . 
  that 's uk money . 
  the uk is a net contributor , meaning that every single penny of `` eu '' money that comes into britain is british money that has left britain and come back in . 
   net contributors with a special rebate and almost none of the disadvantages of belonging to the community . 
  oh , you know , except open borders and no trade deals allowed with other countries ... no disadvantages at all ... 
  you assume incorrectly . 
  i am a minority , i just do n't cry like a little baby when i face obstacles . 
  the us is a huge country . 
  change takes time to happen . 
  it is not like sweden with its 10 million population of drones who all think the same way . 
  the fact is that one of the disadvantages of a large and diverse country is that a nation-wide change can take time , even if it is the right thing to do . 
  the trend is towards normalisation of homosexuality . 
  no such thing as free , mate , it 's paid for with your parents ' taxes . 
  homosexuality has been pushed by hollywood since the 90s . 
  they love that stuff over there . 
  you do n't like it that some christians do n't like it ? 
  tough shit , the world is not obliged to agree with your views . 
  oh they only recently let you get married ? 
  you have that right now . 
  magnificent point , truly . 
  since ww2 the us has been without a doubt the most innovative country in the world . 
  yeh i agree . 
   the moon landings they did based off the work of german scientists and research after the war ? 
  yes . 
  what 's your point ? 
  no it had a high rate of return because the technologies made their way to the rest of the economy . 
  mate , with your logic , we would still be sitting in the trees . 
   there is no actual benefit to bringing a man on the moon other than that it looks cool . 
  there was something like a 17x rate of return from the r&d put into it . 
  science and exploration is not just done for material benefits either . 
  the only thing you have said is that there is no uk without scotland , which is either absurd or obvious , depending on how you interpret the statement , that there was a scotland-england union in 1707 which i knew and is irrelevant , and that the rn has claimed they need scottish waters for the submarines , which i knew as well . 
  your arrogance is getting to franco-german level if you actually think you have `` educated '' me . 
  it wo n't do much for you when they are throwing you scraps at the metaphorical dinner table once you leave the uk and sit at their feet . 
  you will be treated with more contempt than greece , and we will still be a nuclear power . 
  i would benefit from the ivies . 
  the fact is that in the us the opportunities for massive success are there for those smart enough and hard-working enough to take them , but the opportunities for complete failure are also there for people who do n't give a shit and have no ambition . 
  do you seriously think you have told me anything today that i did n't already know ? 
  that does n't contradict what i wrote . 
  excellent . 
  tell your cnd-type scottish friends . 
  i am sure there are many of them . 
  it will give them another reason to vote out . 
  oh you think we are a nuclear power because of scotland ? 
  i see . 
  you have some delusions of grandeur , i must say . 
  well , vote out if you do n't like nuclear !, 
  please vote to leave next time , i do n't want any more `` lessons '' from you about what it means for scotland to leave the uk . 
  i just want to see the back of you and your country for good . 
   a bit more relevant than a decades old dick measuring contest with the soviets . 
  the moon landing was possibly the human race 's most glorious moment . 
  the fact that you write it off as merely a `` dick measuring '' contest says a lot about you . 
  it 's not a tiny chance . 
  the us is absolutely loaded with opportunities and much more money floating around for investment . 
  it 's probably far easier for a middle class born person to become a millionaire in the us than in europe . 
  gosh , you really want to impress your franco-german superiors , do n't you ? 
   no scotland in the union = no uk well , by definition , if the uk includes scotland , then scotland leaving means it wo n't be the uk . 
  yes , i get that , it 's fairly obvious . 
  now , the uk is a country which includes england , ireland , scotland , wales . 
  if scotland leaves , the other three will still be constituents of that country , and i doubt its name will change ( not that the name matters much ) . 
  it 's not a lottery . 
  sorry , but wtf are you talking about ? 
  apple is a much more successful company than spotify . 
  yet , the us has silicon valley and sweden does n't . 
  no european country will ever achieve half of what california has by itself in terms of innovation . 
  it 's laughable that you guys think sweden should even be spoken in the same breath as the us . 
  the uk government is the government over england , wales , scotland , and n. ireland . 
  when the latter two leave , it will retain england and wales . 
  thanks for the lesson , looking forward to your departure . 
  the us put man on the moon . 
  ratios are good , but not everything . 
  the us pulls off miracles that europe only follows . 
  these universities are in the us , though , are n't they ? 
  funny how europeans are so condescending about the us until they go there to benefit themselves . 
  england and wales , plus the territories . 
  i 'm not interested in landmass , i 'm interested in good and honourable people . 
  you belong with the french and germans . 
  fine bunch , they are ... always been good to those not like them . 
   elite ivy league universities or anything . 
  another great example . 
  sweden has nothing like stanford , caltech , mit , berkeley , harvard , princeton , yale ... and on and on ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silicon_valley https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wall_street, 
   surely as europeans , we should seek the higher moral ground . 
  as europeans , the `` moral high ground '' is all you have . 
  the us is clearly the greatest country in the history of the world . 
  i 'd rather be a citizen of the us than sweden any day of the week . 
  the us offers opportunities that swedes can only dream of . 
  what i 've learnt is that i do n't want scotland to be part of the uk . 
  vote out please . 
  whatever , mate . 
  just vote out next time . 
  good stuff , we understand each other . 
  do n't go blaming us for all your troubles . 
  and please vote for independence next time . 
  england does better . 
  obviously it 's westminster 's fault , you know , despite education being a fully devolved matter ... say it with me , sturgy , `` an education system we did n't vote for and did n't want ! '', 
  a lot , maybe even most , of oxford 's stem staff are european . 
  they have no attachment to the uk other than the institute that pays their salaries is located there . 
  if they see an opportunity to shift the university to france , they will try hard to make it happen . 
  the uk government should provide no funding to french universities just as the french government provides no funding to british universities .
