  by the way , the thing clearly asks you on one page if you 're a drug addict or have `` genocidal tendencies '' or feel inclined to commit terror attacks . 
  yup , there 's surely going to be people ticking `` yes '' on that sheet . 
  surefire way to catch terrorists ... 
  i was told by the official talking me through things that they actually had a solid collection of data on me even before i started talking / answering questions . 
  they are sniffing around , up to the point of reading your personal conversations on any devices like phones or laptops you might bring . 
  they searched my skype logs via my tablet , at least three weeks worth of all kinds of topics with my girlfriend . 
  it was either complying or being sent back to germany . 
  i did n't get any paperwork from them in return , but had to give them the device 's serial number for their records . 
  once you 're there , you better bend over and let them invade your privacy or things will only get worse . 
  i 'm sure the 30 people i saw sitting in there , from parents with little children to old asian tourists with little to no english skills will feel relieved that their cases are extremely uncommon and not everybody has to sit 4-5 hours stuck there over things they wo n't even tell you til the end . 
  heck , my host family asking airport staff was even told that they need to wait another 2 hours because `` it often takes up to 5 hours '' and they could n't tell them anything until then at least . 
  there was exactly one person handling the queue/pc up front , and he was out and chatting with others half the time , and scratching his head not even touching the mouse or any paperwork a lot . 
  around 30 people stuck in the room with the summer sun coming down from a ceiling window . 
  the rest were standing around , chatting . 
  two of them fist-bumped at some point and one higher-up ( not sure about the rank anymore , its been over a month now ) was seemingly flirty with a blonde coworker whenever she walked up and down the hall . 
  there was a guy standing watch just in front of the door , and another ( the one who told the woman to sit and put her hands down ) coming down at people trying to ask questions . 
  the only one who seemed to actually be doing her job without distractions was the cleaning lady scrubbing the toilets . 
  i was sitting there three hours before they told me what was up , and another in an office without the door being shut . 
  the officer who handled my case seemed to be the most friendly one of the bunch . 
  my case was similar in that they suspected me of seeking employment , and did n't even bother pulling up my approved esta information . 
  i was visiting my girlfriend for a month to meet her family , so they searched my skype logs with her to `` make sure '' i was n't going to try and stay but actually return to germany . 
  which would imply that the knife was already drawn as the cop arrived , or the cop made him draw it . 
  the latter would mean the cop is at least partially responsible in some way to cause him to draw it in reaction . 
  and even with a drawn knife , there are ways other than shooting-him-dead to solve the situation . 
  thinking on your feet can offer various solutions that are more favorable than yet another corpse on the streets . 
  as for the `` flagrant lie '' , it got quite a bit of coverage on cnn towards the end of june . 
  they even had people on to discuss the matter . 
  to me that seems even better a reason to de-escalate rather than try to intimidate people , put them on edge and scare them enough to act irrationally . 
  threatening them will only make them feel like they * have * to resort to their own weapon , if they even have one , or lashing out in defence . 
  treating them like dirt and humiliating them also only breeds resentment and distrust . 
  i firmly believe that the vast majority of incidents can be solved amicably , without violence or the threat of it involved . 
  words work wonders if you try . 
  showing a lack of empathy and distrust right off the bat only solidifies problems and makes people less likely they 'll come to you for help or to clear up an issue , and take matters in their own hands instead . 
  european waiters with weapon belts and a relatively easy time justifying shooting you if you try to walk out on them , yes . 
  apparently it 'd result in harder cooperation with the british secret services and what not , and the split from europe would let terrorists slip through the cracks . 
  it was silly and ridiculous , but went on for ages on tv ... 
  oh , of course . 
  but sadly , that kind of thing sells and gets attention . 
  that tactic is so commonly used because it works . 
  if it did n't , we 'd finally be rid of bild and co. . 
  * they attempted a coup . 
  which they did trying to keep people indoors and out of danger , and refused to suppress them unless they had absolutely no other choice or were assaulted . 
  that seems like a rather well-meaning coup compared to what a bloodbath it could have been . 
  * they put innocent people in jail to take their place in the state apparatus , journalists who uncovered them etc as does erdogan , and more besides . 
  their misdeeds seem very disproportionate , yet one is painted as utterly evil while the other is celebrated while sitting in his palace . 
  * they repeatedly set-up state examinations ( for university access , for becoming a civil servant , a judge , a policeman ) to help their members which does n't really differentiate them from erdogan or other factions around the globe . 
  * they tortured or mobbed people who they saw as a hurdle in their plans . 
  and soldiers involved in the coup were hogtied and left starving , heaped on one another . 
  if that is n't torture ... 
  so yeah , i 'm in the same boat in liking their version of islam more . 
  i ca n't say what they 'd do in power , of course , but it seems far less atrocious than the current situation . 
  it seems that they 're at least valuing the people more highly rather than using them as meatshields ... 
  i have been on vacation in the us for the past month , and i immediately noticed how different police acts over there compared to europe , and germany specifically . 
  first , i was detained for four hours ( three before they let me know what was wrong with me entering the country ) , and all the while got to watch officers with aggressive postures and intimidating all kinds of people , from old asian people to airline employees who did n't have the correct visa on their new route . 
  said woman specifically was told in a very loud and angry voice that she `` needs to put down her hands and sit the fuck down '' upon asking what she needs to do to fix her stuff . 
  everybody was wearing guns , tazers and sticks prominently on their hips . 
  the amount of police cars on the streets , too , was ridiculous compared to berlin , and almost everybody i talked to had horror stories of run-ins with cops to tell . 
  i met a girl at the airport on the way home who had just come from germany and told me she was legitimately scared of police in the states and had a much easier time with authorities in germany . 
  everything i have been told basically boiled down to cops in the us using intimidation tactics and easily drawing their guns and threaten violence , which is the complete opposite of what europe is trying to do to solve problems . 
  they are quick to escalate a situation like driving slightly over the limit , while our cops deescalate , talk and try to calm a situation without ever firing a shot . 
  i know from first hand experience that cops in berlin are usually very cool-headed and friendly , even during night shifts or in the city center during late hours . 
  in the states , it seemed like they had too big egos for their own good , and that of everybody else . 
  sadly , the us and media contribute a lot to that as well through spreading paranoia and fear . 
  the first thing they seemed to discuss on the news there after the brexit decision was how it would threaten their national security and weaken the war on terror . 
  meanwhile , people do n't feel safe around the people that are supposed to protect them from external and internal threats . 
  every bullet that can be saved should be saved , in my eyes . 
  i tip my hat to britain 's police force for deescalating problems and solving them without lethal force . 
  that 's the way it should be done , ideally , and it should serve as an example to their wayward child . 
  i do n't know . 
  in my eyes , this does n't reflect any more badly on the afd than it would have if it were true . 
  as long as there is no clear confirmation of her having lied in cooperation with them , or was paid off for it and they were fully aware of it being lies , i ca n't blame them for using an extreme example like that like any other party would . 
  yes , after it was sure to fail , and after erdogans supporters threw themselves in front of tanks . 
  you either bend with the wind or break, 
  according to erdogan , who uses that same scapegoat relatively often, 
  not going to happen . 
  we 're so far behind tech-wise , even compared to other german cities . 
  lowest numbers , sure . 
  but that is achieved by relabeling unemployed people arbitrarily while they are still stuck in the same situation . 
  pushing them forcefully into low reward dead end jobs or nonsensical , exploitative courses that have little to nothing to do with their skillsets or abilities does n't actually help . 
  heck , they have courses just to keep you busy drawing pictures to hang up in jobcenter hallways . 
  it does nothing to reintegrate people into the job market when they do n't actually try to help get a job that suits you and just shuffle you out of clear unemployment into being unemployed but under kindergarten level watch by a third party for 6 hours a day until their timed agreement with said 3rd party expires and they have to push you along again, 
  i do n't think so . 
  working 30 hours a week at a 1,50 $ job or on 400 $ basis barely has you in a better financial situation than just being on benefits . 
  gas or bus/train tickets are covered by yourself , for example , so that 's 35 $ of your maybe 200 bucks advantage gone already per month . 
  it really is n't worth the additional time investment for peanuts more . 
  the only ones actually winning there are employers who get cheap employees in place of educated ones that 'd have a claim to better wages, 
  and keep kicking the poor in the teeth through arbitrary decisions and punishments given on the whim of jobcenter employees ... 
  indeed , if even those care . 
  base building has never really belonged in a 40k game . 
  settlements and hives are either already established or do n't exist on the immediate battlefield . 
  the adeptus astartes do n't need barracks and shit like that when they assault via drop pods or thunderhawk insertion . 
  never mind works who are usually on the move and do n't hunker down much , or eldar using the webway . 
  a case could be made for imperial guard setting up a base of operations on longer campaigns after being ferried in with giant troop transport vessels , but even then they usually use existent infrastructure . 
  tau are probably the most likely to take roots , die to their aggressive expansionist policy and attempts at converting locals to their way of life . 
  as a result , dawn of war was never an authentic representation of the franchise . 
  decent game , but deviates too strongly from what 40k is . 
  dawn of war 2 did it better , focusing on less units and having no barracks nonsense beyond the headquarters , and being more about positioning and bringing the right tools for the job . 
  i am honestly disappointed relic are bringing bases back to dow3, 
  yeah , please do n't . 
  i 'm about to have my girlfriend flying over here and this would just add even more ridiculous paperwork to the mix .
