  they investigated witness reports and the witness that pointed to the suspect was , obviously , wrong . 
  they investigated in good faith , did what they had to do and came to the conclusion that the suspect is n't related to the crime . 
  they did all that could be expected of them in this short a timeframe . 
  any further progress comes down to the ongoing investigation . 
  i 'd wager it has a lot to do with the power attributed to germany in the grand scheme of things . 
  attack the supposedly powerful target , sow confusion , and you strike fear in people 's hearts . 
  far more than if they had just gone for a city in eastern europe . 
  after all , if you can prove the `` mighty '' as vulnerable , who can truly feel safe , eh ? 
  by now german news media are also reporting the is claim of responsibility as most likely trustworthy . 
  but it took until around 8-9 hours ago for that news to trickle in . 
  pretty late in my opinion , but at least this gives some more clarity at last . 
  i 'm wishing for that every year , but my neighbors are already throwing down firecrackers from their balconies in mid november . 
  big illegal ones from poland at times . 
  living ground floor , this means that my apartment gets smoked if i dare open the windows . 
  new years really is a pain in the arse , with or without attacks . 
  though obviously more so with the fear of attacks looming . 
  welt and berliner zeitung are the only ones with headlines that actually hold up : `` zum verd\u00e4chtigen '' , `` zum tatverd\u00e4chtigen '' to . 
  the . 
  faz , business insider , huffington post and co are speaking like they have facts which were not forthcoming . 
  but then , we know that huffpost is often clickbait garbage anyway . 
  there 's a bunch of international media who were quicker to judge than the german media to catch on . 
  they * did not * announce they got * the man * . 
  they announced they * caught a suspect * but have urged time and again that he is , at this stage , * a suspect * . 
  at no point did the police confirm or deny that this is the man , or that he was alone , or his identity . 
  that was * all * the media 's spin on it . 
  they were utterly certain with their shit reporting . 
  people like that asked me if i 'd `` bet '' on it not being a muslim because it was proven to be a pakistani , completely ignoring that i urged for patience only . 
  it 's insane how quick people were to further their agendas . . 
  german media being `` welt '' , which also pointed out that it was unconfirmed . 
  ard has been unwilling to make definitive statements all night and cautioned over and over against jumping to conclusions . 
  that 's why they kept calling the arrested suspect a suspect , not the driver . 
  that 's why they did n't report on ethnicities . 
  that 's why they kept echoing the police 's warnings for caution . 
  while the german media was still waiting for evidence apart from some rags , trump had already made a speech condemning terrorism , and only hours later did the police start to speak of a strong suspicion of it being a deliberate attack . 
  the world moved and made shit up while the german investigation was going steady . 
  people were very quick to , and would come down on anybody urging for patience and cooler heads . 
  it really is a pity . 
  and last night people wanted to strangle me for telling them to show some patience and wait for the investigation to make some progress before condemning the suspect and muslims . 
  heck , right now they still do n't have any organization claiming responsibility . 
  you 're right , of course . 
  it is preferable to swing the pitchfork by default rather than waiting for an official statement on the matter . 
  who needs confirmed facts when you can have mob mentality and confusion instead ? 
  it is hardly the authorities ' fault that a truck went missing and the company owning it not calling it in . 
  a barrier would n't have stopped the truck , fully loaded with metal parts , to a satisfying degree either . 
  the market is also held on a large open space in the city center , which still has bus connections running along it . 
  you ca n't lock it down . 
  i know that smaller markets we had in my district were held along a larger shopping street , and the roads leading in were closed with regular-sized barricades . 
  none of them would have stopped a tonnes-heavy , 60km/h truck , and a simple car at speed might have run them over . 
  so you 're basically asking for anarchy because the authorties tasked with investigating the tragedy may or may not be acting in good faith . 
  instead of waiting * less than a day * to see how things go , you are advocating for mob justice . 
  there 'll be a press conference to declare the current state of the investigation in a little over 6 hours . 
  how about you show at least that much patience , eh ? 
  the majority of them do . 
  but those are the cases you * do n't * hear about , because they go to work every day as everybody else , do n't shout loudly on their phones while on public transportation , or live regular lives like regular native folk , and greet their neighbors . 
  the ones that * do n't * integrate and refuse to do so need to be taken care of as they become apparent and cause problems . 
  deportation is severely underused in my eyes , but also not something to be taken lightly and certainly not the way to go for descendents of immigrants . 
  that 's such a spiral of tinfoil hattery you got there . 
  it is n't something that can be suppressed . 
  with the suspect in custody , there will be consequences , trials and what not , and it will be unavoidable . 
  and no , i do not support mass immigration , economic migrants and illegal immigration . 
  i support reasonable immigration policies ( heck , my girlfriend is american and intends to immigrate to germany ) , but those do not put a blanket ban on immigrants of a certain creed , ethnicity or birth place . 
  that is completely besides the point . 
  but whatever . 
  we 've got freedom of religion in germany . 
  if somebody wants to practice islam , that 's their thing , as long as they stay within the law . 
  honor killings and what not are atrocious and filthy and need to be punished to the full extent of the law , if they occur . 
  i expect muslim immigrants to integrate , learn the german language , and participate in obligatory school activities and the like . 
  if they want to have a prayer break at certain times of the day , i can agree to that in most circumstances - if others can have their smoke breaks , this seems like a minor concession to make . 
  i also expect them to respect the german culture and not force change upon natives . 
  there 's nothing wrong with labelling food products to indicate what kind of meat is used , or to have alternative meals on the menu that could be picked instead of pork , either . 
  more information and options are usually a good thing for everybody . 
  i 've been friends with muslims , and i 've hated others . 
  it is entirely down to their individual behaviors and how hardcore they are about their religion . 
  i 've grown up living next to a turkish family where the father would simply close the blinds when he wanted a beer in the afternoon and somebody told him he was n't supposed to - because with the blinds down , nobody will see or care anyway . 
  if they want to fast every so often , that 's up to them . 
  i 'm not a fan of headscarfs . 
  i hate what they symbolize in the middle east , but as part of modern society in the west , it would be nuts to outlaw them . 
  if they want to wear them , that should be fine , though i see potential issues in situations where wearing a hat is frowned on as well . 
  i am in favor of a burqa etc ban . 
  complete covering of your features in public is n't something i 'd easily support out of special circumstances such as for celebration or art . 
  so my answer , simplified , will always be : if they behave and integrate , act with the same respect they want to receive themselves and do not disrupt society , i could n't care less if they 're muslim , christian , atheist , pastafarian or agnostic . 
  if they want to pray to a fictional being , that 's their business , as long as it does not interfere with the rest of society . 
  though if you ask me , i 'm not a fan of sunday church bells either . 
  the police has just confirmed that they strongly suspect a deliberate , intentional attack . 
  whether it will be classified as an act of terrorism , rather than a random amok run , is yet to be judged . 
  i have stated multiple times on this thread that there is a high likelihood of it being a muslim terrorist . 
  i 've even said that i suspect the same . 
  my personal suspicions are not facts , however . 
  neither am i willing to pass judgement without waiting for solid evidence . 
  i am not `` pro-muslim '' , or whatever that means , or trying to defend them senselessly . 
  i am just utterly unwilling to jump to conclusions based on suspicion and herd mentality when the authorities acting in my city have yet to issue a proper statement of what occured how involving who with which motivations . 
  i 'd also like to say that i am not in favor of rigorous political correctness . 
  i 've been fuming about shit like that for years now , and keep up with the bullshit orchestrated by the social justice movement . 
  you wo n't find that mindset you are trying to diagnose me with in my head . 
  `` confirmed '' by whom exactly ? 
  because the ard , which has been updating asap all night has yet to make a statement like that coming from the police and authorities , and the police has n't given out such information through other ways either . 
  they did just recently declared that they heavily suspect intent on part of the driver , but nothing further about his , or the suspect 's , identity . 
  this has nothing to do with my stance on muslims in germany , or my personal feelings on the matter ( which , in fact , are n't very pleasant ) . 
  it has everything to do with confirmed facts from confirmed , trustworthy sources trumping rumors placed by the media and hysterical posters on reddit . 
  the fact that the man they arrested has been known to use multiple identities and they ca n't even pinpoint which is correct , and whether he 's pakistani or afghan ?
