i ca n't seem to think that it would have been any better under hillary . 
  we 'd be looking at yet another warzone in the middle east before long . 
  does n't seem to have much to do with the level of education , apparently : https://twitter.com/queengabbi/status/796197897066967041, 
  i do n't see the unhinged hatred to poc happening . 
  its not the election result that defines society 's behavior and tolerances here , it is society that defined the result . 
  there wo n't be a sudden influx of racists because of it . 
  and now we have white feminist icons declaring white america bigoted , racist , misogynist and what have you for another few days , before people screw their heads back on and return to reason over emotion ... 
  i hope , at least , that people will realize this is not the end of the world and satan did n't just manifest live on stage to hold a victory speech . 
  either result was going to upset people , but rather than scream foul and declare people with different political views hateful shows that there is a bigger underlying problem than who stands up top . 
  hillary will fuck you over and not even drink beer with you . 
  not a fan . 
  splitting countries across different timezones is a massive hassle . 
  it 's not like any individual country in europe even comes close to the size of the us where it is somewhat necessary . 
  i strongly object to that regulation , personally . 
  if i import a figurine or video game from japan , there is literally nothing that an extra payment here in my country of residence is justified for . 
  i pay for shipping and handling , and there is neither a way to purchase the item in-country so there can not be an element of encouraging me to buy local instead . 
  it does n't protect local manufacturers as a result , and is purely a way for the state to claim payment for services which they had no hand in . 
  they 're actually genestealer cults , i tell you !, 
  undermining our western society in favor of their patriarch , to prepare us for the big invasion of the great devourer . 
  by the same way you could argue that various classics from yesteryear are `` teen '' novels , because they 're for one reason or another read primarily by kids in school . 
  heck , are the a song of ice and fire books `` teen fantasy novels '' because they got hugely popular thanks to hbo ? 
  thankfully for the two of us , i 've spoken to plenty of female fans of the series , most of them liking ciri . 
  contrary to what you 're saying though , all of them seem to be in their twenties and onwards , with the `` teens '' i recommended the first book to actually not very keen on the style and topics at all , or too lazy to read them instead of playing the games . 
  and pc gamer can only lament that geralt is n't naked , apparently . 
  unless , of course , you read the post-w3 comic series for which the devs picked their `` canon '' ending : ciri 's a witcher and travelling with geralt . 
  the devs canonized the `` ciri becomes a witcher '' ending of the game in the new , post-w3 comic arc . 
  she does n't have the mutations or the full skillset , but she 's close , and got her own abilities . 
  if she identifies as a witcher , does the job of a witcher , and learns from the witchers , she 's probably a witcher . 
  its not like she 's trying to be an attack helicopter . . 
  have you even read the books ? 
  there 's nothing really `` teen '' about them . 
  von der leyen 's done so much crap , i 'd hate to see her replacing merkel . 
  i ca n't stand angela either , but if it was down to ursula , censorship of media would 've gone through the roof , because of teh children who totally want to buy 18 + movies and games ... 
  that 's basically what i was referring to , yep . 
  for vacation , yes . 
  well , the cdu is also trying to gain voters this time by advertising video surveilance and crap like that again ... 
  i 'd say that few of the younger generations feel responsible for any of that . 
  they learn enough about it in school , but can also joke about it , and there 's enough comedy involving ww2 content on television . 
  the guilt , or at least the effects of it , are mostly down from the top , with the government spearheading that . 
  ca n't afford to step on anybody 's feet politically or you 're hitler 2.0 . 
  merkel herself had that happen with greece even . 
  the regular folk is well aware that they 're not responsible . 
  they 're not on their knees about it , and i have yet to talk to a single person that did n't consider stuff like the ugly as sin monument to the victims of the holocaust in berlin a massive waste of money and shake their head at the government 's attitudes . 
  still , it is n't like that whole can of worms is n't being opened time and again by the people around us , including within the eu . 
  i do n't think guilt is the right term for it , as a result . 
  more like trying to avoid getting boxed into that corner again by supposed allies , because it is regularly used as a cheap shot against germany . 
  full agreement here . 
  i see family and friends all around getting stuck in poor jobs , which even if they like them , they ca n't keep over time-limited contracts that save the employers money , while being hit by increases in rent . 
  `` doing well '' to me is being able to maintain your living standard and have some resources to put away for , let 's say , a vacation every couple of years . 
  `` doing well '' is not living payday to payday , worrying if you could even afford replacing a broken fridge . 
  `` doing well '' on a macro scale only . 
  the regular people still struggle to pay their bills despite full time jobs and keep getting struck with ever-increasing challenges when it comes to even just maintaining their modest standard of living, 
  different kind of migrants . 
  there 's those that come and stay with a work permit , and those who come and try to stay without ever having to work , based on some nebulous threat back at home . 
  in other words , some migrants are willing to contribute while others make demands . 
  of course . 
  there are far deeper concerns than the politican 's skincolor . 
  how about their actual competence tackling difficult issues in a changing world ? 
  please take her permanently . 
  i beg you . 
  as would the pension payments , via rent , bills for services , or even just groceries . 
  old people tend not to hoard much money , and if they do , it goes to their family once they expire , or finances their funerals . 
  the money will go back to the economy either way , but one is looking to your own and the other to pander while pissing off large parts of the population . 
   continue to be a productive member of german society or start . 
  to be fair , the us has ramped up airline security far more than europe . 
  the security checks in , for example , berlin compared to chicago or orlando are a joke . 
  sufficient , but far lesser . 
  can confirm . 
  old turkish woman in the apartment building 's still collecting retirement money for her husband who has never lived there with her in the past 20 years . 
  bubble burst when they paid them a visit . 
  here for the money , but even unable ( or unwilling ? ), 
  to greet or thank you when you hold the door open for them . 
  of course it is n't everyone that 's treated like that . 
  but the amount of people piling up in those waiting areas never seemed to go down much , as there were always new arrivals from incoming flights . 
  however , i do not know how the selection process works . 
  of course , not everybody on a 300 people plane will be forced to go through that stuff - they do n't even have the capacity . 
  but all it takes is somebody being suspicious of you or not being happy with any point on your entry documents , to lead you there and once you 're in that waiting room , there 's no way out but to endure it . 
  as for the police cars , it was quite noticeable to me , as they stick out and unlike you , they have not been part of my natural environment for a significant amount of time . 
  i 've probably seen more police cars in my month there than i have in the past year in germany ( excluding the ones in the parking lot of the local police station , of course ) . 
  nope , it has n't . 
  i was sitting there for 3 hours ( 4 before i was off the hook ) , watching people come and go , including staff . 
  some people got to deal with officers who barely paid them a glance and ignored their existence , while others got told off by big-balls guys . 
  the amount of officers coming and going out there was pretty high . 
  at no point did i claim `` violent treatment of travelers '' , however . 
  just a lot of posturing , aggressive tones and intimidation . 
  i was lucky to get to deal with a relatively nice guy in his office , but others were n't so lucky . 
  chicago , actually . 
  same thing here . 
  i had some genuinely nice ones , of course , who would even chat for a minute when we were getting up to leave . 
  but most of them just rattle down their mandatory lines like `` hi , how are you ? 
  '' , `` nice to see you '' and what not . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm german , but when somebody asks me how i am feeling , i do n't just go `` fine '' or `` great '' and will say that it could be better , if indeed it could . 
  i never liked that empty question they do n't want to hear an actual answer to . 
  not that it is any of their business in the first place . 
  and at more than one occassion i was starting to eat my lunch , burger in hand or fork on the way to my mouth , when a waitress would pop up and ask if i needed my half-full drink refilled . 
  all i wanted to tell them was to go away and let me eat in peace . 
  not just that , but the esta clearance also costs you $ 14 which you ca n't pay in any other way than by credit card . 
  it is ridiculous that they introduced that stuff despite the visa waiver agreement with the eu . 
  in my eyes , they 're not holding up their side of the deal . 
  the point was to make travelling to closely allied countries within the eu , and the us , less complicated and reduce paperwork .
