  that 's my assumption as well . 
  but until we know more , everything is just that : a list of assumptions that have yet to be confirmed or denied , and are based on conjecture , not evidence . 
  it is important that everybody keeps that in mind until further notice . 
  for feth 's sake , guys . 
  we do n't know the driver 's identity yet . 
  we do n't know hiw allegiances . 
  we do n't know his motivation . 
  the police in berlin has n't even confirmed the * suspect * they caught is actually the driver yet . 
  can we please refrain from pointing fingers already and * wait for the evidence to come in * ? 
  if anything , there 's more pointing towards polish or other eastern european perpetrators than muslims right now . 
  patience . 
  put the pitchforks down until we know more . 
  edit : and there we go , while you 're busy downvoting again , geisel has once again made it clear that there is no full clarity on the situation yet in regards to attack vs accident . 
  they have nothing to say about the motivation and background yet , and everything out so far is speculation and not confirmed . 
  sources would n't hurt . 
  the motivation , or even the identity of the driver , have yet to be confirmed and properly investigated . 
  isis would claim responsibility for a sack of rice in china falling over . 
  the suspected driver . 
  police has yet to confirm it . 
  for now he is `` the suspect '', 
  you and me both , buddy , but we do not know yet if this is an islamist attack . 
  let 's wait for the facts before connecting the dots ourselves , based on ignorance . 
  now think about all the germans who work around that area and pass through it daily , and nothing happens . 
  it is easy to associate places with fear and danger once something happens , but let 's not forget that for the rest of the year , the place has been safe . 
  we do n't have any information about the perpetrators ' identity yet , not publically at least . 
  the police urges against jumping to conclusions and spreading rumors - and that 's exactly what you 're doing right now . 
  we do not know who did it . 
  it could as well be a pissed-off danish truck driver . 
  wait and see . 
  not even that . 
  they assume they caught the driver but have not yet been able to confirm it yet . 
  right now they still call him `` the suspect '', 
  he hacked the truck . 
  obviously . 
  i just had to pay out my arse just to receive a package of personal stuff from my girlfriend who is planning to move here in spring . 
  its nuts . 
  that 's the theory , but the reality of the situation is often quite different . 
  nope . 
  aware of it ? 
  yes . 
  but there 's no point in feeling ashamed for something you or your family had no part in . 
  still hating this memorial . 
  not for what it represents , but for how expensive it was , how dull it is and how much space it takes up which could have been , i do n't know , a park in the middle of the city instead . 
  fun fact about hotlines in germany : there 's emergency hotlines for drug abuse , alcoholics , women , girls , children and some general ones , but nothing specifically for men . 
  equality , yay . 
  did n't pispers quit recently ? 
  if he 's back , i 'd be delighted . 
  8th grade ? 
  things must have degraded massively since in the years since my time there . 
  the word count and quality make me think 3rd or 4th maybe . 
  too short with bare-bones reasoning . 
  george is doing the good work . 
  like hell it did . 
  are you actually advocating for what you appear to be advocating ? 
  brought peace ? 
  or that roads are blocked for those events etc. 
  tell me something new ... 
  here 's hoping this will help getting rid of import problems when i try ordering merchandise just for it to get kept in customs over nonsensical paperwork . 
  no , a large 200 $ pvc figurine is not a toy for 6 year olds ... 
  ah , the arcane `` social construct '' . 
  guess i have n't been to enough gender studies courses at us/uk universities and protested enough against white people on campus to fully grasp that topic . 
  my bad . 
  i 'm not millennial enough it would appear . 
  thanks for the `` old man brain '' compliment , though . 
  i appreciate it . 
  those kids with their rap music really need to get off my lawn or i 'll have trouble playing scrabble with the neighbors . 
  bottom line , words have no real meaning anymore , as demonstrated by the `` punch a nazi '' campaign in recent history . 
  thank you for the confirmation . 
  i have yet to talk to anybody here who actually supports that stuff and wants them to stay , or support them financially . 
  bare minimum if anything at all , tighter controls , and stop taking them in . 
  the media is having such a ridiculous pro-refugee slant , it is ridiculous . 
  the reality of the situation is quite different , and grows more anti-refugee by the day , despite lack of reportings of rape cases in german asylums , riots and what not . 
  people are n't blind or stupid , but i 'd say that germans have a higher boiling point nowadays . 
  the constant confrontations with `` you did this awful stuff in ww2 '' have definitely hurt people 's willingness to appear what could be twisted into `` xenophobic '' . 
  i agree with you , and have yet to actually meet a german who does not . 
  wikipedia has been incredibly biased on the gamergate article . 
  so much so that there have been various internal processes already , with bans handed out to many , many users and admins . 
  sadly , said bans are usually falling on relatively innocent `` pro '' or `` neutral '' gamergate people trying to correct or add sources to the contrary , while the obvious anti-admins are patting each others ' shoulders and get away with nearly anything - it took over half a year for an admin who was sitting the article 24/7 and was in direct contact with the people involved to get red-flagged for conflicts of interest . 
  they 'd even claim a source slightly in favor of gg to be untrustworthy whereas an earlier article from the same source magically is quoted in the article . 
  aye , she is not a leader . 
  thing is , unlike in the us and elsewhere , you do n't actually vote for a specific candidate to lead . 
  you vote for a party to represent you , and their internal organization puts people in charge , not the population . 
  it is also very difficult to get a large party like the cdu out of parliament , due to a lot of older people and conservatives voting for them by default . 
  i 've known too many people who just voted for them out of habit , without ever checking their political agendas . 
  i 'd also make the claim that the loss of voters with every election is at least in large parts down to the lack of real change in government that results from voting . 
  cdu/csu do n't need a solid majority or anything to stay in control . 
  the way the german parliament is structured , with leftover seats from last time and how parties can cooperate on whim to create a majority , is extremely silly . 
  you can literally have a party with 40 % votes and have it overtaken by two other parties that can put forth a combined 51 % . 
  you also have situations where the most voted parties refuse to cooperate and instead pick a minor party to bolster their percentages , as has happened before with the fdp . 
  the system is a farce , and it favors those already in power in a lot of ways . 
  it was a near-miracle we got rid of the fdp last time . 
  people are sick and tired of their votes being ignored by internal haggling for coalitions . 
  * germany * should n't face consequences . 
  * merkel * and her ilk should , however . 
  i personally have yet to talk to or hear from a single normal person in berlin or elsewhere in germany that they 're happy with the way merkel is handling this . 
  even her usual partners in our government are lashing back at her and throwing tantrums . 
  angela is delusional and a liability , and her semi-popularity ( more so due to how the media put her on a pedestal than the population 's actual feelings ) is running thin . 
  agreed . 
  heck , i personally even feel uncomfortable just getting food or drink out of the fridge at a friend 's place without asking , or rather , waiting for them to offer me something to drink or eat . 
  i consider myself a guest and despite lots of hospitality being shown , i wo n't put my feet on the table and demand everybody cater to my whims and needs while neglecting their own .
