  or the fact that they 're still not certain he is the driver in the first place ? 
  i 'm not here to deny or confirm anything either way . 
  my point is that , hey , maybe we should wait for the results of the official investigation to be declared . 
  you 're completely missing the point i am making . 
  i am not denying the likelihood of it * being * a muslim . 
  i am saying that * until the authorities give a statement * , it is pointless and actually harmful , looking at this thread alone , to speculate . 
  and no , i would not take a bet like that under any circumstances or odds . 
  because it is bloody pointless . 
  i am not trying to prove anything here , i have no stake in what ethnicity or creed the perpetrator belongs to . 
  my point is simply that losing your head and jumping to conclusions is a shit way to go about tragedies like these . 
  there 's dozens of christmas markets from small to large in berlin alone , and hundreds if not thousands across the country . 
  why would i bet on something that i 'm saying needs more information before it can be adequately judged either way the ball falls ? 
  the whole point is that * i want more information before pointing fingers * . 
  remember the supposed `` attacks '' earlier this year in germany where the media and the rumormill created a muslim bogeyman that turned out not to exist because it was `` simply '' a man gone rogue and crazy ? 
  yes . 
  until there is actually something substantial to talk about . 
  what should be talked about right now is n't evil muslims that may or may not be involved , but that it is a terrible fucking event that deserves grief , not agenda-pushing either which way . 
  right . 
  because actually waiting for police investigation to get somewhere and issue a public statement on the matter is the same as outright denial of horrific events . 
  the guy you 're refering to sounds like a total nutjob . 
  there 's enough evidence in that case to paint an ugly picture . 
  here , however , we have hearsay and media jumping the gun . 
  the apprehended suspect , not the driver . 
  still no confirmation that he was actually in the truck . 
  still not even confirmed he 's pakistani or afghan . 
  no background confirmed , no motivation , no religion , no association . 
  we do n't know even that . 
  that 's the thing . 
  we only have it confirmed that the co-driver who died on site was polish . 
  we know that the apprehended suspect is reported to be afghan or pakistani , rather than chechen , as per unconfirmed information that did not come from the police force . 
  we also know that the police have not actually stated that the apprehended suspect is in fact the driver in the first place , which means that he might even be unrelated to the tragedy . 
  we do n't have anything solid going for us to judge over . 
  a lot of it is speculation by the media that has n't been able to get a statement from the police or involved authorities . 
  it is very likely and it was also my first thought . 
  well , after `` not again '' and `` fuck '' . 
  the likelihood is high , and it would n't surprise me , but even though i assume that it will be the case , personally , i do n't have to spread it out as a fact when the investigation just started . 
  whether it was the case or not , reacting emotionally , with knee-jerk reactions re : muslim scare is n't going to do any of us any favors . 
  if anything , it plays right into the hands of terrorists trying to rile us up against muslims wholesale , and compounds the problem . 
  the least we can do is wait for clear answers from the people involved , rather than taking hearsay as gospel . 
  my uncle works at nintendo . 
  there 's been multiple instances of isis claiming responsibility for things they have n't had a hand in . 
  meanwhile , in this case , they have n't done any of it through their official channels , which german authorities keep pointing out yet people choose to ignore . 
  reported , yet not confirmed by the authorities investigating , who keep refusing to comment either way or give a statement until their investigation actually brings up something to talk about . 
  the police and everybody involved here in berlin have called for cooler heads to prevail and to stop speculating and spreading rumors until actual evidence , not hearsay , not unconfirmed reports , is actually forthcoming . 
  it boggles my mind that people ca n't even wait one night to see what the team digs up before running amok with rumors . 
  `` apprehended suspect after possible attack is afghan or pakistani '' , and the article refers to unconfirmed information from `` security circles '' , not the actual police who has - so far - refused to give a statement on the matter and still casts in doubt , like everybody else actually investigating , if they even have the perpetrator in hand . 
  it is `` known '' by welt , who also `` knew '' he was chechen a couple hours earlier , based on unconfirmed reports from unofficial sources and hearsay , while the police have n't even confirmed they caught the right man . 
  solid evidence , of course . 
  the media has been making shit up all night and changing course multiple times already , while the investigation is still going . 
  i 'd like to take a peek into your shiny crystal ball . 
  yes , it seems likely , but as isis has n't even officially claimed responsibility yet and they 're not even sure if they have the right guy in custody , i 'd prefer waiting for answers instead of inventing my own . 
  i give not a flying shit about political correctness . 
  but jumping to conclusions before the investigation has anything to report is downright braindead and bound to spread even more misinformation . 
  if its a muslim , its a muslim . 
  fuck him either way . 
  but * we do n't know yet * . 
  we can wait with throwing stones until we at least know if they caught the right guy . 
  there appear to have been a bunch of people attempting to offer help , but they 'd just get in the way . 
  exactly that . 
  the article also makes it clear that they do n't even know if the suspect was even the driver . 
  yeah , no . 
  there still is no confirmation of that . 
  unconfirmed information via `` welt '' , whether the apprehended suspect is the culprit is n't certain yet , and he was known for smaller criminal activity , but had no background in terrorism . 
  the information is pointing towards theft of the truck . 
  it is all conjecture by the media right now , with little if anything confirmed by the authorities . 
  still no confirmation that any muslims were actually involved here . 
  certainly not from the berlin police or others involved in the investigation . 
  nope , we 're not . 
  berlin police and all officials so far have been clear on that front : the investigation is still going on , but there is nothing definitive to communicate yet . 
  they 're not even entirely certain that the guy they caught was actually the driver , what the background was or even just if it is an attack rather than an accident . 
  it is the media that claims it was is and what not . 
  they confirmed the co-driver was polish now . 
  they ca n't clarify the nationality of the driver when they 're not even sure that they caught him in the first place . 
  it 'd be amazing to see somebody providing actual sources for their claims that this is down to muslims instead of taking it as an opportunity to point fingers again without waiting for evidence . 
  i do n't know , maybe to actually make sure that it actually * is * the driver ? 
  because they have not clarified that yet and made it clear instead that he is the * suspect * , and innocent until proven guilty is an important point when you do n't set out to ruin a person for life over mere suspicions , not evidence . 
  it really is insane . 
  and all of this happening amidst growing discussion and condemnation of `` fake news '' all over the net , and talks of holding facebook responsible . 
  yet the big news outlets are stoking the fires for clicks . 
  it is deplorable . 
  yep , i think it 's since been mentioned that he died in the rescue vehicle over on one of the ard segments . 
  isis blanket claims responsibility for basically everything that goes wrong in europe . 
  they 're rather powerless when it comes down to it so they try posturing instead , especially while confusion is running rampart and official investigations are still being carried out . 
  if we 'd cause a fuss about a sack of rice falling over in china , you could bet on isis claiming they did it too . 
  suspected driver caught , not confirmed to be the driver yet . 
  identity , motivation , background all unclear , no evidence either way yet on that front . 
  investigation is going on , but there is nothing really that the police are sharing right now . 
  various officials are joining in already , but all urge patience and not to spread rumors and speculate wildly . 
  things are under control now and they do n't suspect further danger . 
  probably down to there being dozens of these christmas markets in berlin alone , every weekend over the advent weeks . 
  there 's many hundreds of them across the country , probably in the thousands . 
  besides , you ca n't adequately protect them from occurances like these . 
  a truck driving amok is n't exactly easily stopped and would cause a big disaster either way . 
  no identification yet , no background , no motivation . 
  people are hysterically speculating . 
  especially bad since a huge part of it seems to be coming from global media rather than germans , the biggest part of which wo n't be hearing about it until tomorrow i 'd wager . 
  i think there 's a growing resentment in germany towards the perceived bending-over attitude from politicians when it comes to the refugee crisis and what not , but the pot is n't boiling quite yet . 
  the mentality here is quite different from that in the us - you wo n't see big protests and rioting like after the us election in germany . 
  people generally do n't seem as quick to push their own agendas onto others , and most talk of politics is kept to pubs or in private with trusted people , or online in anonymity . 
  it will take longer for larger waves to form,
