  because those are two prime demographics for committing often violent crimes , i 'm sure . 
  those naughty old people especially . 
  of course it is n't , but that did n't stop it from the overly political correct folk to throw the sentiment around like candy these past weeks . 
  apparently resorting to violence is okay because they 're a nazi and it counts as `` self-defense '' even if you 're the one throwing the first punch on an unsuspecting person . 
  and call them nazis and incite violence against them , these days, 
  they 've also recently been upgraded to the status of `` nazi '' and deserve a punch in the face , did you hear ? 
  i am so utterly sick of people throwing around ever-worse labels to discredit their political opponents without actually having to engage with them in civil debate or having a drink together . 
  as long as this mutual demonizing keeps going , nothing is going to improve and things will keep spiralling out of control . 
  i 've got ta wonder though : why ? 
  i 've heard names but i have done my best to ignore the madness for the past 15 years . 
  my exposure to football matches comes down to having to live in an area where people go crazy with fireworks during big tournaments and ruin my peace and quiet reading time . 
  nope . 
  should i ? 
  but parties are by definition package deals . 
  single-issue parties barely ever make it past the 5 % hurdle and are n't even considered as part of the governing coalition . 
  the afd is seen as one limited-issue party and a lot of people are voting for those issues to be heard and addressed , but it comes with so much other bullshit baggage that people vehemently disagree with , that they wo n't get to the point of being anything else than a boogeyman . 
  at best they 'll serve to signal that there are topics that ca n't be ignored much longer . 
  voting for a party means that you vote for the whole package . 
  merkel 's had policies i agreed with , and many that i did not . 
  the pirate party , die linke , die gr\u00fcnen , they all had policies that i wanted to throw them off a cliff for . 
  the question is what you 're willing to compromise when voting for any one party , because it is n't going to be all sunshine and rainbows , and you 'll be stuck with it for years . 
  once the votes are cast and counted , you have no influence in which talking points will be maintained throughout negotiations with other parties and which will be thrown out at the first opportunity . 
  a big downside is the lack of direct influence the voting public actually has on who gets put in charge . 
  the parties make it up as they negotiate and that 's how it goes . 
  parties can cooperate with the smaller parties to get over the threshold instead of being forced to work with their biggest rival party directly , too . 
  there are plenty enough women who think it is easy money . 
  just because you and the majority do n't want to trade supposed dignity for cash that does n't mean that there are n't more than enough women who do consider it a worthwhile pursuit . 
  if women categorically opposed the pleasure trade , there 'd be no porn industry , no luxury brothels or call girls who maintain their list of do and do nots and reserve the right to walk out on you at any point . 
  if you want another example of women selling themselves for cash , just check campsites . 
  they turn on a webcam and get tipped insane amounts for an hour of work . 
  some decide to offer meetups for the right price , others invest in more fancy clothes and collaborate with others . 
  it is their job at that point and they seem to enjoy that . 
  the world of prostitution is far from what it once was and is still presented as by outsiders . 
  there are many degrees of it and fewer and fewer can be described as truly miserable in this age . 
  keep them coming . 
  reading this out loud with a powerful voice is hilarious . 
  extremism on both ends of the spectrum is totally incompatible with our culture and values . 
  this is n't a one-sided issue , i 'm afraid . 
  political extremism of any shade can turn to this given time , resentment and opportunity . 
  are they ? 
  in recent history the lynchmobs were against white people with media support and denial of any wrongdoings ... 
  woosh . 
  just leaving this here : https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13259655-the-legend-of-sigmar, 
  to be fair , sigmar recently lost ghal maraz for a couple of tzeentchuries and had to have his stormcast boys recover it from the eldritch bastion before the disciples of the changer of ways could use it to transfer the whole backyard into the realm of chaos . 
  not my sigmar , though . 
  my sigmar died when the old world exploded . 
  berlin is full of eastern european small-time criminals . 
  bad example . 
  false . 
  stormtroopers have n't been clones since a new hope . 
  there is the occassional oldtimer clone still in charge , usually as squad sergeants , elite or the like , but they 're recruiting far and wide . 
  they have imperial academies for a reason , and they 've been established right after the empire rose to power . 
  clones , due to their genetic make-up , age at an accelerated pace . 
  this is also reflected in surviving clones in the expanded media . 
  this has also been retained by the new canon through star wars : rebels and various novels . 
  vader 's 501st is one of the only forces that may still consist mostly of clones by the time of a new hope . 
  by the time of the force awakens , clones would be around 50 years older than at the end of the clone wars , and even just 20 years between rots and anh are enough to replace them with regular folk , indoctrinated as they grew up , and phase clones out to be almost mythical beings . 
  tl ; dr there was a manufacturing stop on clones post-empire and instead they conscripted the regular folk ( including women , see twilight company ) for the stormtroopers . 
  what are you saying there was no huge vocal backlash against having a black stormtrooper in episode vii ?!, 
  the media made that up ? 
  i can not believe it !, 
  a bunch of outlets had a 98 % chance for clinton winning and what not . 
  they were pretty arrogant about it and even had some internal memos going round to maintain the certain victory for hillary narrative . 
  outsourcing to cheap labor forces and headless planning from people too concerned with doing a cheap rather than efficient and future proof job . 
  too many scandals all around, 
  slowly improving . 
  the various financial aid sources are still crawling and struggle to keep up with rising prices and rent , which has been known for years to be a problem and even courts have decided needed to be drastically adjusted , yet , for another year , they did not . 
  there 's a lot of resentment from affected poor people seeing how much gets blown on maintaining economic migrants by comparison . 
  i frequently get surveys from forsa via email , but this one was sadly not in it . 
  the last survey i got about politics was on december 2nd and had a full spectrum of political questions and support for various parties and candidates and was more general , covering the refugee crisis partially , but no ( supposed ) attacks . 
  a bunch of the refugee-related questions felt a bit . . off . 
  there were even questions like `` i feel ashamed of violent protests against refugees '' with an agree/disagree scale , and even `` when trying to solve the refugee crisis , the opposition should n't criticise but support the government '' , which screams folly to me . 
  funnily enough , it also had a fear scale to rate topics like the refugee crisis , climate change , international terrorism , state of the eu , political developments in turkey and donald trump being elected . 
  also globalisation . 
  it is always important to keep in mind that many , or most of forsa 's surveys are not general checks of attitudes or opinions but commissioned and paid for by corporations or the likes . 
  expect to see loaded questions here and there and that often the goal is n't to just get a clear picture of trends but to validate preexisting notions of the client . 
  even internally i 'd call her ineffectual and somebody who rarely takes a first step . 
  she walks through doors already opened by others , and fails to take action until it is almost too late to do so . 
  you 're still conflating * the public knowing * with * the police knowing * . 
  they do n't trumpet their findings out into the world the moment they make it , they follow the lead , research and try getting the best possible results before telling the public . 
  that 's what they did here . 
  i think he 's simply saying that the migrants were aware of the risks and weighed them lesser than the dangers of staying at home . 
  they made a conscious choice to rather deal with smugglers and what have you than going through the proper channels/crossing borders where they 're supposed to . 
  that the gamble did n't pan out for them does n't make it any less of a gamble they were willing to take the odds on . 
  yes , germany has an enormous problem with bureaucracy . 
  always did . 
  however , that has little to do with this instance . 
  first off , the investigation went on alongside the media 's drama and rumormill . 
  just because the police did n't say they were looking for other evidence ( which they actually did ) and focused on just one single trail . 
  heck , they were blocking roads to investigate suspicious objects even if it just turned out to be a sleeping bag . 
  the time they announce their findings has very little to do with the time of finding them . 
  but even though they arrested the wrong person ( which i argued that we should wait for results on before stoning him ) , it * did * have a calming effect on the population and alleviated terror fears at least until the next day when they actually announced the state of investigation to the public . 
  the berlin police was up all night investigating at the scene , helping out , and making sure things proceeded without panic . 
  they did well , and professionally so . 
  shutting a city down where you can literally cross borders into brandenburg in any direction just by walking a few steps down a path was never going to work . 
  berlin is massive . 
  important was securing the immediate area of the attack at the time , not to lock down a city state and preventing it from functioning normally and disrupting the regular life of its residents ( and those from outside ) out of panic . 
  he was probably treated more harshly by the media who declared his identity , nationality , background and all that , than the german authorities . 
  they tend to treat suspects fairly , especially when there is significant doubt about their involvement . 
  we 're not the usa .
