edgy internet virgins celebrate everywhere !, 
  absolutely agree . 
  the core elements of what drives us to be religious ( the biology of religion ) is something that will evolve or change in this increasingly un-religious western society . 
  whether it be the nation , a political ideology or hell , even something as simple as a sport team . 
  bavaria : the only state not likely to lose its heritage in the next 50 years, 
  well the socialist party has to live up to their name somehow , especially after the catastrophic failure of the 75 % tax on the rich failure . 
  how else would you suggest this wealth transfer then ? 
  income tax is universally accepted by leftists as the best way to redistribute wealth . 
  the france tax forced the billionaires to leave the country . 
  that is where the damage was done . 
  you 're also suggesting an income tax . 
  * very , very few people earn a billion dollars a year *, 
  i think france 's failure with the 75 % income tax would prove that to be false . 
  the rich will leave , taking their money and businesses with them . 
  causing thousands to lose their jobs and livelihoods . 
  the government will get far less revenue . 
  also , giving all the rich people 's money to the poor via governments * has n't exactly had great success historically . 
   no it is n't . 
  for starters , there 's a huge number of companies that dodge any tax without being prosecuted for tax avoidance . 
  you 're talking about a wealth cap , that applies generally to an individual . 
   also , if you redistrubute the money from the rich to the poor , they 'll pay their taxes from the new earned money so the state looses none . 
  so your plan is applied communism ? 
  it 's hard to redistribute wealth when anyone with a dollar to their name flees the country to protect their earnings . 
   there are also lots of solutions if that person decides that he or she wants to move from the country , solutions like nationalisation and so on . 
  wut . .  anyway , like i said , there should be rich people and poorer people , but we all have to live , and i really doubt that someone really needs 70 billion dollars , or 10 billion while the poor might really need that 1000 dollars . 
  the poor will really need that 1000 dollars after everyone who is worth taxing leave and take their businesses and investments with them . 
  the wealthiest generally pay the lionshare of taxes , it would be a huge loss to any country . 
   i 've personally always been a supporter of a wealth-cap . 
  that 's probably the best way to lose billions of tax dollars . 
  they wo n't block him and he wo n't be elected president . 
  hahaha . 
  believe me , no one is jealous of your leaders . 
  what the fuck ? 
  racist right wing ? 
  nah , racism does n't have a political idealogy . 
  many socialist parties have been racist throughout history . 
  not for good reasons though . 
  pathetic . 
  this will get nowhere in parliament . 
  do people really not care about violating freedom of expression over a candidate who has precisely 0 % chance of winning the nomination ? 
  i understand the smoking comparison , but it simply does n't fit . 
  religion as it is described nowadays , does n't require a god or belief in any higher power . 
  religion can apply to a political ideology , a nation or even a sports team . 
  that 's why i said religion wo n't die . 
   we are living in times when a guy convinced of atheism is sentenced to death . 
  that 's insane . 
  absolutely . 
  all good man . 
   a good start is to stop treating it as something positive , normal . 
  you sound like a lunatic . 
  you have to remember buddhism is an atheistic religion , there are other religions which do n't have a deity . 
  ninian smart explains it best , as well as what classifies a religion , look him up . 
  religion does n't require the worship of a deity - or a deity at all . 
  the definition of religion is far broader then a belief in a deity , the key concepts of religion evolve . 
   it 's about time for humanity to overcome the stupid stupid idea of religion . 
  good luck . 
  religion is human nature . 
  it wo n't die, 
  are they entirely funded ? 
  private schools often receive some subsidies to ease the weight off the families attending them . 
  but does n't sweden have like 8 parties and a majority is like 30 % of the vote ? 
  what 's o stop the other 2/3rds voting against it ? 
  question - will this actually make it through parliament ? 
  or is it just am empty movement by the current government to pretend they give a shit and to limit the number of people going to the swedish democrats ? 
   which is still a low number . 
  adding 2 % of your population to the welfare states payroll is not a low number . 
   they 'll keep getting immigrants but this refugee explosion will cool down eventually and they 'll start to get fewer migrants . 
  you 're forgetting the family reunification act , the number of refugees in jordan and turkey who are bound to eventually try to get into europe and the fact there is still millions of displaced people in the middle east . 
  you 've already dropped 9 places in the hdi rankings lol, 
  sun gives people cancer . 
  cancer spreads to fatal organs via the blood stream . 
  sun = blood, 
  3 weeks `` well , would you look at that '', 
  does merkel actually think the migrants , who came from syria/afghanistan/eritrea , will want to live in some rural city office complex ? 
  i 'd give it a week before they all move back to the nearest city . 
  80 % of the refugees are males . 
  there is no solid consensus on how many of them are even syrian . 
  2.68 children born * per woman . 
  * iraq 3.41 children born * per woman . 
  * eritrea 4.14 children born * per woman . 
  * http://kff.org/global-indicator/total-fertility-rate/ i doubt the number will be far off . 
  413,000 have applied for refugee status since august/september . 
  this does n't include those who are in the country hiding because they do n't have an asylum claim . 
  greece is getting 50,000 a week now and refugees are coming from wherever possible . 
  double it for wives = 3 million * 2 children each = 3 million * = 6 million, 
  1.5 million predicted this year . 
  6-7 million after family reunification, 
  is that you ? 
  a man can be right in some regards , while idiotic and ignorant in others . 
  to agree with an aspect/statement from someone is not ` getting lower ', 
  loan more money of course !, 
  then have a race against the u.s debt levels, 
  one of the very few things abbott did right, 
  individual initiative is something that tends to fade away with these governments . 
  not in the past actually , people are scared to tackle it because of the hispanic vote, 
  but it will , i never said it would be immediate . 
  if they do that , why on earth do they need extra 1.5 million immigrants annually ? 
  if they have flee 'd from an oppressive into a safe country and then move to another country because they offer better benefits , are they not economic migrants ? 
  not to mention the reports that only 30 % of the immigrants are from syria . 
  correlation = / = causation,
