i talked about this subreddit , r/the _ donald has nothing to do with this sub . 
  you gave an absolute statement how us is right now fucked , and how we should n't have same kinda like stuff happen in europe . 
  this subreddit is based on facts , not some form of political circlejerks . 
  real discussions , and this is not one of those . 
  `` this thing is racist and everyone knows therefore it is true '' ... okay, 
  what is so racist about this ? 
  if people want le pen , let em have her . 
  stop trying to change other peoples opinion . 
  if you wish to do that go make your own subreddit . 
  the difference is your situation is logical . 
  in a country where vast majority do not speak your language you will have trouble that you do n't learn finnish . 
  but there is absolutely no logic why it works out vice versa . 
  getting a swedish degree is easier because there are less people going there , it 's just that simple . 
  hanken is one of the greatest examples of this . 
  the fact that no one could speak swedish to you prooves my pint , it is waste of money . 
  swedish is the official language only because of our history when politicians thought that finnish was language for lower class people . 
  it took a great amount of time to get rid of that . 
  if majority of finns would speak russian , hen so be it . 
  let it be official language . 
  if the finnish speaking population decreases to 5 % or so we could talk about erasing it . 
  that whole situation is really not realistic itself either . 
  but ok , you said about how you hate being called elitists ? 
  okay , let me tell you how i hate that my language studies have gotten way harder because i need to learn one extra language which i really do n't need in live ? 
  how my own fucking school studies have always suffered because i need to learn this one language that i do n't want to learn ? 
  okay you can go ahead and say `` it is not that hard to learn it '' but is that a reason why there is a need to force it on us ? 
  my very own future is endangered because of this 5 % group that mostly lives in swedish speaking areas of finland . 
  but not only is it stupid for some . 
  a 5 % minority get their own swedish degrees that are way easier to get than finnish ones . 
  complete tv-channel for that minority and eveything also translated to that minority . 
  there is a reason why some people think swedish speaking people are some kind of elitists . 
  i forgot to add `` former '', 
  agree , it helps people to get jobs in sweden . 
  but it should n't be obligatory to learn it . 
  it is also really stupid that lawyers need to learn it or any type of official . 
  a lot of degrees get delayed because of this and it is also huge investment to translate everything to swedish . 
  if people were free to choose , many people would 've learned german or some other actually way more useful language way more easily . 
  i do n't know why we should learn swedish only because we were once part of it . 
  with that logic russian would be also another official . 
  the history of our mandatory swedish education comes from the rich swedish politicians that ruled at the time . 
  a lot of our politicians today are also bilingual so they are really biased about the whole subject . 
  i agree that knowing languages is a great thing , but we should n't force certain languages . 
  swedish is totally not for anyone and it only hurts their studies . 
  edit : and no , swedish people here would n't lose their ability to speak their languages here because nobody knows how to speak swedish right now either . 
  even katainen our pm ca n't speak swedish even tho he used this excuse . 
  well yes of course it is the second language , but there is really no point of having to learn a language that 5 % of people can speak . 
  if we go with that logic we will soon have to learn russian and somali too . 
  i have always liked the idea of eu anthem being sung in latin . 
  it is neutral language and same time a language that is culturally really close to every country in eu . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i am fairly sure we are just going more forward with this ... 
  weird , you would think people coming from there would get in easily . 
  where are you from ? 
  exactly , look , i do n't wan na start calling all people nazis or anything . 
  but when they speak against this protest and say `` so when sre we gon na interfere with the violent leftists ??? 
  does it only go one way ?!! '', 
  then they bring upthings like refugees , somalis etc. 
  i just wonder are they really just racist , or do they just wan na have different opinion from the many leftist that are protesting ? 
  it 's so stupid and you see this in every sinlke news media or post about this . 
  yes far-left is a problem , but notnss big as far-left . 
  and leftists are n't constantly beating up people ... 
  well yes , but the thing is the victim died several days after released from hospital after being there for days . 
  not saying that the death was not caused by frm , but it is certainly weird . 
  edit : guys the thing was the freaking doctor left him go after being in the hospital and then died after !, 
  the guy was also drug addict so many people wonder if he took a overdose . 
  do n't generalize every people there because of that . 
  those people are idiots , it was even asked to not bring any political signs or anything ... 
  exactly , but we finns line to make us seem unique with this . 
  no , finland has quite high taxes on alcohol . 
  we are usually the nordic country who is 2 years behind the others . 
  so yeah ... i hope our government does their first right thing . 
  it really is not . 
  we finns are just brainwashed to think we are somehow uniquely shy and stuff . 
  truth is we are n't . 
  easily over 2million considering people come from others parts of estonia too . 
  it really is n't about the straight up profit it makes . 
  it opens up a railway to central-europe for finland and that 's a big thing for many . 
  20 euros , but it is several hour trip . 
  and the tunnel is fast , so i 'd say more people are willing to use the tunnel and pay relatively more for it . 
  just to tell you , boat ticket does n't cost 80 euros if you wan na go to tallinn, 
  allow me to disagree . 
  life totally does n't suck if you live good . 
  harrison ford is 74 year old but is still having a blast . 
  and as the age keeps rising there will be much more extremely healthy 70 year ols . 
  all nordic countries have , we used to fight each other all the time . 
  but nowadays we all love each other , 
  do n't know much about the subject and do n't know how many times it is actually rape . 
  kinda hard subject you know . 
  and since its taboo people wont talk about it . 
  thats the main reason why it is still legal . 
  hey . 
  freedom of doing the fuck you want . 
  drawn childporn is legal here too despite being illegal in sweden . 
  indeed . 
  100 % true and depressing af, 
   this graph show us exactly why anti-immigration is problematic . 
  still ca n't see how it is problematic ? 
  that sauna thing was april fools joke tho ? 
  question , why would the unemplyment rate go significantly up anyway ? 
  brexit has n't happened yet , has it ? 
  why not ?
