  why does it differ how many people you have ? 
  same argument is used against universal healthcare in the us ... 
  i do n't think there is anything wrong with being a migrant and being against all migration . 
  he migrated and now thinks that there should be no more of them . 
  simple as that . 
  saying that he is self-hating is saying that he is stupid . 
  i would hope this sub would n't have this kinda like attitude towards people with different views . 
  i guess it just does n't sound that great in english . 
  not that it matters that much tho ... 
  true finns is incorrect translation . 
  it is the finns party nowadays . 
  even then the translation is n't exactly correct and is misleading . 
  people being poor usually makes them do crime . 
  in eastern-europe people are more poor . 
  refugees coming to europe wo n't get a job do n't know the language or anything and they stay on welfare and start doing crime . 
  it is simple thing . 
  because wages are higher in sweden and so the amount of money they get is also higher . 
  we have them in finland too . 
  one is always sitting near my school and i 'd say she gets enough money to buy food everyday and some even donate a lot more than just money . 
  coca-cola made the santa claus we know today by combining different paintings etc. 
  [ like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/42/merryoldsanta.jpg/220px-merryoldsanta.jpg ), 
  coca-cola made santa claus red but they did not make santa itself ... 
  yet , while having only 18 % lower population . 
  frances co2-emissions were only 316 mt and germanys was 760 mt , so france is only polluting 42 % of your countries pollution levels . 
  ( based on 2013 numbers ) france is fighting against climate change , while germany is just being stubborn . 
  [ carbon emissions are just going up in germany ] ( https://www.cleanenergywire.org/news/german-carbon-emissions-rise-2016-despite-coal-use-drop ) !, 
  how convenient ? 
  in finland , we are placing it under bedrock and it is 100 % safe there . 
  we do have places in europe to store it , stop pretending there is not . 
  we should not build any nuclear plants , if and only if you give a solution how we do n't end up in the same situation as germany and japan after we close all of them , how we do n't end up fucking up even more lifes by polluting even more by closing them . 
  you should remember that nuclear waste can be reused , and that it is much more clean and less polluting to the enviroment than any coal plant right now . 
  the amount of really dangerous waste is also extremely low . 
  well the original netherlands version was made for a talk show , and the first finnish version was made by a small youtuber . 
  this version is from a talk show , so yeah . 
  i mean was n't that the idea of it ? 
  / r/outoftheloop / what is with this mexico thing ? 
  nvm then , i looked only at the nationals . 
  weird , i thought turks were the dominating group in germany . 
  also thought there would be more brazilians than angolans in portugal . 
  other things did n't really surprise me . 
  edit : is there any reason why there are so many poles in iceland and norway ? 
  edit 2 : ~ ~ wikipedia says that there are more turks than poles in germany . 
  this map seems to be false . ~ ~, 
  refugees or all migrants ? 
  because it is interesting to know how many non-swedish people make up that population increase ? 
  how much net immigration the country has etc. 
  demographics of those migrants would be nice . 
  although i do n't know if sweden does that ? 
  some statistic how much is this from migration ? 
  and how many of these migrants were returning swedes ? 
  also yeah but we were already fucked before that , and cause of the sanctions we are only now getting up by little bit . 
   places like eritrea , somalia , and nigeria . 
  is that our fault too ? 
  it is funny that you say that , since us has bombed somalia , twice . 
   libya was started by the french and british , only later us intervened to help them . 
  and i discredit them for it . 
  as a finn i have pretty much free say in all of this , since we are not involved in anything . 
  but those were n't the only wars us has been involved either . 
   obama had no desire to get involved . 
  that did n't stop them getting involved ? 
  we are also talking about over 100 million of dollars given to the rebels by the us . 
  do n't forget about al-qaida , which was created by the rebels in afghanistan that got backed by us . 
  yes we discredit turkey and any other nation involved there , but we certainly do n't like the way how us has been acting as some sort of international police . 
  in europe , we have realized how much influence us has had over our policies and we are beginning to grow out of us . 
  eu was formed in order to maintain peace . 
  united states has [ bombed ] ( https://wikispooks.com/w/images/6/61/us_bombings_since_1945.jpg ) way too many countries already . 
  iraq war is one of the causes for refugee crisis , nearly all of my countries refugees have been iraqis , not syrians . 
  100 000 iraqis for 2 000 americans , fair right ? 
  and yes , uk was involved in it and it is a great example how much of dick sucking we have been practicing for the us . 
  but the main damage was done by the us . 
  us backed rebels in syria and many of the rebels are now radical groups such as isis . 
  so you can also say , that many of the terrorist attacks in europe are also because of the us . 
  russia is supporting the government , and us in turn has always supported rebels in middle-east which have caused the countries being fucked up . 
  there are many examples , afghanistan , libya and iraq . 
  in every one of these us has been involved and has brought `` freedom '' there , and in turn made the countries go rampant . 
  not all refugees come from syria either , many come from libya , iraq and afghanistan . 
  many brexit voters voted for leave mainly because of immigration , and refugee crisis was one of the things that us caused . 
  there are also now , a lot of other movements that got stronger because of the crisis that also want to leave the eu . 
  destabilizeng middle-east by going into iraq + countless other stuff . 
  vast majority of refugees in finland were from iraq . 
  also stuff that you did in libya . 
  also your policies on giving money to rebels in syria sure did n't help either , and al-qaida was formed by us backed rebels in afghanistan . 
  [ this pic explains everything ] ( https://wikispooks.com/w/images/6/61/us_bombings_since_1945.jpg ) so by causing middle-east being crooked place , refugee crisis happened which in turn made britain vote out of eu , which in turn hurts us . 
  there have been and will also be several other risks of countries leaving eu , cause they feel it 's eu 's fault . 
   op wrote a comment that implied america is terrible for europe . 
  20th century example was historical context . 
  the rest is a plea for perspective - criticize america when you should , but keep in the back of your mind what american disengagement actually means to the present global order , and who is waiting to fill that vacuum . 
  that 's all i said . 
  you should still understand , that we are mainly talking about your countries politicies today , and those policies have just damaged us and our union ( brexit ) . 
  eternal gratitude is n't really a thing , and it was n't `` only because of america '' . 
  these kinda like comments are stupid and they go straight to the / r/shitamericanssay / sub . 
  honestly , i see no reason why we should still be thankful about things that happened decades ago . 
  what matters is how you act now , and the way how you act is n't good for europe . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.migri.fi/download/64990_tp-hakijat_2015.pdf ) you go . 
  edit : nationalities in finnsh , but you should undrstand it . 
  most likely an accident , but you can never know . 
  edit : time and place indicates it is an accident . 
  it is also not logical for terrorists to use a passenger car for their strikes . 
  it is quite ridiculous honestly . 
  in finland we ~ ~ took ~ ~ got 30 000 ~ asylum seekers in 2015 , and only 877 of them were syrians .
