now i want to see a map of roller coasters per capita , compared to a map of one of those happiness-ratings :p, 
   leswede420 ah yes , those immature teens, 
  full nuclear capabilities is , by far , `` enough power '' . 
  that is pretty much why the security council exists . 
   no one could claim that the democrats in the us are `` seen as social democrats in the us '' , even though they are hilariously the left-wing alternative . 
  to be fair , calling them `` socialists '' or `` communists '' seems like a pretty popular hobby among the republicans and libertarians ... 
   if you compare the results from the national test , the students who attend the private school has on average one and a half grade higher results than the average in all the state schools in v\u00e4rmland . 
  the main reason for our school being so `` better '' was because the school upheld a disciplined and education oriented atmosphere that many , but not all ofc , really absorbed and followed . 
  let 's not forget that to a private school , marketing is very important as it is directly connected to profit . 
  higher grades in private schools compared to municipal schools can be intepreted as a sign of success - however , it may also be that they are easier on the grades to generate effective marketing at a low cost . 
  with all the crap that has been going on lately in order to maximize profit within the privatized healthcare it is not unfeasible that some schools would sink so low in the name of profit . 
  and while the direct power of grading lies with the teacher it can be hard to stand up to the higher-ups ordering more lenient grading . 
  this is just a reminder . 
  the privatization is not simply the fluffy clouds , rainbows , problem-solving , and unicorns that the right love to paint it as . 
  yeah , fuck those cock-cutting bastard-bitches . 
  nah , better to give them independence . 
  then they could at least act as a buffer state against the danes . 
  swede checking in here !, 
  i 'll look for a postcard after school tomorrow !, 
  well , there 's [ this ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article16421007.ab ) ... also , [ here ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article16423251.ab ) you can view the documents yourself if you want to . 
  i 'm not saying he is an american spy . 
  however , as / u/inclol stated below , he certainly enjoys bending over for them . 
  [ rosalind franklin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rosalind_franklin ) , for example, 
  i reckon they are n't handed out in carefully sealed inert-gas containment either though . 
  but it 's true that they should n't degrade nearly as fast as powder-form out in open air would . 
  then again , expiration dates are usually worst-case scenario ( which might include improper handling by the consumer ? 
  ) , or maybe the expiration date is n't actually estimated with formulation and storage in mind ( might have just used kinetics for powder form ? 
  although that would be less-than-ideal thinking ... ) another theory would be that the expiration date is n't actually based on decreased efficiency from loss of potassium iodide content , but rather on either potential toxicity of byproducts of the degradation ( thinking mainly elemental iodine ? 
  not sure on toxicity though ) that could be toxic in relatively small amounts , ( such that even if only say 0.2 % of the ki is degraded the resulting amount of elemental iodine could still be above toxicity threshold ? ), 
  or possibly the breakdown of various other components of the formulation that would aid uptake ( pills are usually made up of both active substance as well as a bunch of other compounds that help with the actual biological uptake of the active substance ; if these would be degraded the efficiency of the entire medication could drop drastically . 
  i 'm not knowledgeable on the specifics of these iodide pills though . ), 
  all of the above is of course just educated guesswork . 
  but it might at least illustrate how complex such a seemingly simple thing as an expiration date can be . 
  potassium iodide ( which is what these pills typically are ) , when exposed to air , undergoes slow oxidation to elemental iodine and potassium carbonate . 
  \\ #notallmen \\ #allimmigrants right-wing in a nutshell, 
  sir david attenborough , to name one example, 
   since red usually denotes high frequency while blue denotes a low one ? 
  depends on whether you 're from statistics or laser physics ... 
  sounds like an undemocratic institution / s, 
  ... he did, 
  just like with gun laws it does n't have to stop every attack though ; just make it take a greater deal of effort , make it harder and riskier for the hijacker ... and well , hijacking a bus takes a lot more planning , composure , and means a higher risk due to actual people present ... this guy literally walked up to it by the street and drove away and plunged the entire city into chaos . 
  he did n't even have to steal the keys or threaten the driver , it should n't have been so fucking easy for him to kill those people and throw our country into chaos ... idk , maybe i 'm not making sense ; i 'm just so frustrated right now . 
  true , althogh that * still * requires you to interact with the driver ( who is likely not alone at the time of delivery , etc. ) . 
  it would have a way greater risk of causing a scene ; risking detection , delay , and early warning . 
  it sure as hell would n't * eliminate * attacks , but it would at least make them harder to successfully carry out . 
  ( which is kind of the main point of such regulations , same with european gun laws etc ) . 
  not to mention it would n't be hard nor unreasonable to implement . 
  that already creates a very different situation though , where the hijacker has to obtain a gun prior to the attack etc. 
  i mean , this guy literally walked up to the truck and drove away while the driver was delivering stuff to the restaurant ... any additional layer of security would be more effective than the current, 
  well ... code-lock the propulsion then ? 
  this honestly should be regulated . 
  here in sweden at least it 's illegal to leave your empty car unlocked with the key in it at a parking lot etc ; the fact that truck loading is n't subject to tighter security regulations honestly surprised me, 
  i feel as if there should be standard security measures that prevent someone from just jumping in during a delivery and driving away ? 
  do they leave the keys in it or what ? 
  how about code-locking it in addition to key-lock ? 
  ( since everything is computer integrated anyways ) etc. 
  making it harder to hijack trucks is n't really rocket science, 
  i 'm not suggesting anything along those lines - consider the blatant '' / s '' ... my personal opinion is that gibraltar should remain a british territory unless they choose otherwise ; i do however think a hard brexit will have quite serious implications for the residents , and a new referendum would n't be unfeasible if no deal can be reached with spain . 
  there was a referendum in crimea as well / s, 
  actually i 'm pretty sure the number of cpu : s in wendelstein is finite ... 
  i hear their poisonous fangs often dig too deep, 
  ... i really do love some of you americans in this sub :'), 
   at least we know what that means . 
  to be fair , very few knew that that meant ... 
  you can with the right ambition !, 
  i think that if independence were to happen with spanish approval the eu would welcome catalonia quickly and openly . 
  the issue is that the spanish government is so opposed to it , and since spain is already an eu member , the rest of the eu kind of `` has to '' respect its wishes before considering the interests of catalonia itself . 
  spain would likely view it as a betrayal from the rest of the eu if they were to give statements possibly intepretable as supporting catalan independence , and so we are quiet in order not to sow more division within the union . 
  tea . 
  and cricket . 
  tea and cricket . 
  ( ( ( german state media ) ) ) / s, 
   why nsfw ? 
  there is covered-up fucking in it , and well , the brits have n't officially left yet ... 
  have you tried asking the dutch for help ? 
  * wheat, 
  if it 's led by norway ? 
  sure , where do i sign up ? 
  transportstyrelsen is the agency that issues drivers licences etc. , probably why they 'd have at least some info on protected identities . 
  pls send help bromania, 
  idk about portugal , but it 's true for norway , as in this case . 
  after the max sentence has passed though , there 'll be an assessment about the impact of letting him out , and then his sentence will probably be extended indefinitely , 2 years at a time . 
  norway does n't have enough war criminals/terrorists/mass murderers/quislings to warrant building a separate prison for them though . 
  it would be a waste of tax money ( / oil money ... ) to build a new prison for them ; so giving them a cell in these prisons with rehab-focus is likely still cheaper than building and maintaining a new prison where they could rot for all eternity . 
  * then the wind hussars arrived *, 
   welsh flair :(, 
  we could rename the eu to k.u.k.u. 
  as well while we 're at it, 
  what are the turkish words for parapluie/parasol ? 
  ( given the extensive etymological discussion above ), 
  ` paraply ' and ` parasoll ' in swedish ; very close to the french words in both spelling and pronunciation, 
  paraply and parasoll in swedish , closer to french . 
  english ( and italian , it seems ) are kinda weird - umbrella should mean something like `` shadow-caster '' ( from ` umbra ' ) , yet you use it to replace parapluie rather than parasol ... 
  not if you 're fleeing persecution !, 
  sounds like danes to me, 
  * ... even old new york , was once new amsterdam ... *, 
  * great * britain, 
   i for one am glad that i can use the same , single-word , nice-sounding name for czechia in both russian and english . 
  and 20 + other languages as well !, 
  it 's like calling the netherlands ` holland ',
