  for this study a certain criteria was used . 
  would help if people at least skim read the post so i do n't agree with your comment, 
  it was nice for a week odd while turkey was the villain of the sub , fun while it lasted . 
  if this report was to rank france or germany as it did the uk you would get different responses . 
  ` germany stronk ! ', 
  it was from european geostrategy so draw your own conclusion from that https://www.europeangeostrategy.org/, 
  small island , big influence . 
  seeeeeee mum , pizza and pasta is good for me, 
  omg ca n't believe the brits had a empire . 
  so cruel !, 
  us europeans would never have an empire !, 
  colonial imperialist brits !, 
  ruined the world !!, 
  / s truth is , britain done empire better than continental europe . 
  yeah of course . 
  if you 're not hand picking dirt on the uk be prepared to lose internet points !, 
  this sub does not have balance and the majority have a clear agenda . 
  it 's sad news but if we dont supply the saudis im sure the french or someone else will . 
  i apolgise to the yemeni population . 
  i would like to think that the uk does not want the eu to fail . 
  we have a common enemy in russia . 
  the uk has always had a pragmatic approach to russia . 
  although sadly i ca n't say the same about turkey . 
  we seem to have an interest in turkey . 
  but i can assure fellow europeans that it 's not genuine and we are using them to our advantage, 
  nice to see . 
  luckily in the uk we do n't have a pro-erdogan demographic . 
  will never see the turkish government campaigning here . 
  rebel colony apologises to empire, 
  if you are really serious about it , go for it . 
  you are very unlikely to be sent home , especially if you have your company behind you . 
  my guess is that there will be a reciprocal agreement . 
  do n't forget to drink plenty of ma\u00df 's . 
  i sure did when i was over there !, 
  all the best . 
  of course , the eu does hold a favourable view towards scotland but i do n't think his ethnicity really matters . 
  donald trump is half scottish but does n't like the eu , he could also have a say, 
  sure , britain has the capabilities to covertly fund separatist movements in the eu and try to break up the union . 
  my opinion like many others is that it would not come to that , the uk will benefit from a strong eu and vice versa should negotiations go smoothly . 
  a no involvement foreign policy agreement . 
  i can see what you are getting at but the eu is democratic enough to reject such proposal and as you can see from westminster offering the scots 1 referendum with another one on the cards i think that 's a wildish claim . 
  the good friday agreement has been in place for many years , if both sides of the island want reunification no foreign party can stop it . 
  wales can not be independent even if they tried . 
  gibraltar is already hostile enough towards spain and have already voted to remain british . 
  sure that 's possible but those manufacturers would have to wait to see what state scotland ends up in before they move operations, 
  because the eu is not a federation or a union with a centralised government & the legal framework is n't the same , there 's your shortened answer, 
  no one is denying scotland will not be able to join the eu . 
  they definitely can , but they can not remain in the eu if they vote for independence , they have to go through the accession chapters . 
  i doubt many firms would choose to scotland if i 'm honest with you . 
  if uk firms want to have a foot in the eu , ireland is more of a likely destination to open up a po box, 
  yes that is the process . 
  there is no option of scotland remaining in the eu while the rest of the uk leaves . 
  sure , the eu can probably speed up a few chapters of accession but they have to leave before they apply again . 
  everything you stated there is what a campaign is about . 
  the snp will drum up support for independence and it is governments job to drum up support for unionism . 
  wishful thinking from your part . 
  scotland is not catalonia . 
  reunification of ireland is inevitable at some stage in history as per the good friday agreement ` removing their ability to become eu members as part of a brexit deal ' this is the biggest bollocks i have ever heard, 
  if scotland decide to hold a referendum out of pure spite to the tory government , the uk will not recognise the result and the uk 's allies will also reject it . 
  i doubt it will come to that . 
  but hey , venezuela might recognise the result, 
  can someone give me a reasonable argument against the governments proposal as follows ; ` until the uk 's brexit deal had been signed and scottish voters had time to weigh it up , implying any referendum may not happen until 2021 at the earliest . ', 
  if brexit goes to complete shit , you get a referendum , if brexit goes really well , you still get a referendum . 
  does this not seem reasonable ? 
  scotland is in the best position , if life outside the eu sucks , you literally get to go back in it within a few years . 
  if life outside of the eu means you start exporting to other major countries , you also win !, 
  voting for independence while brexit talks are still going on takes away some of the governments resources to focus on two battles at once . 
  if scotland was to leave during brexit talks there is no guarantee that they would remain in the eu . 
  a strong scotland also means a strong uk . 
  i 'm sure when it comes to negotiating fta with other countries , scotland has the potential to benefit . 
  scotland exports 63 % to the rest of the uk . 
  21 % to the rest of the world and 16 % to the eu . 
  no one is saying a referendum is n't allowed ever again , just wait until we finish negotiations . 
  fun fact of the day : there are state run brothels in turkey, 
  of course . 
  the only issue for the eu is getting all 27 members abroad on further integration . 
  nationalism will always exist and that will be one of the biggest issues the eu will face , especially as it 's internal, 
  it would make sense to have a centralised agency for the eu there are of course limitations but looking at the longer term it 's a necessary move in an ever changing world . 
  yeah , the us is acting very shady , luckily there are term limits there and i would expect a different government to change their approach to the eu . 
  we have went from obama and his france/germany loving to a very ill intention-ed protectionist administration, 
  that means no technology in the building !, 
  definitely no microwaves !, 
  haha . 
  on a more serious note , i think its important british intelligence and any proposed eu intelligence work together as it is in both parties interests to keep each other safe to external threats . 
  of course they can spy on each other too but on paper at least look to help . 
   no need for a five eyes member to even look at that we will still be looking , with or without permission , 
  must be the uk flag, 
  uk who qualifies for one ? 
  anyone how far into a pregnancy is it allowed ? 
  24 weeks unless complications/other issues then there is no time limit whatsover can the limit be extended if the fetus has problems ? 
  yes who pays for it ? 
  state can a husband stop a wife having one ? 
  thanks for the clarification, 
  i did read it and im not arguing . 
  one just wonders why he wil risk his job lying about it, 
  polan stronk , polan tek moni den polan seek revenge for ww2, 
  fuck sake im tired of people who want to cause harm to others, 
  maybe its a niche segment of people who do but slovakian minimum wage is 380 euros and maybe because of demand for jobs these slovakian firms do not have to offer as much as others willing to do it for minimum wage ? 
  indeed . 
  it 's a loophole , set up a subsidary in slovakia .
