  i do n't think the bbc sells newspapers , mate, 
  we 'll spy on em all and use their secrets against them . 
  maybe threaten treduau or however you spell it by leaking his own very golden showers video ( photoshopped by our very own austin powers ), 
  hahah keep this news coming only the other day the jpmorgan ceo said barely any jobs will be going, 
  `` we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies . 
  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow . '', 
  hammond what about skilled indian restauranteers they make nice food, 
  part of the circle jerk to earn internet points . 
  fella is fuming he got rejected when he applied to lse, 
  i did n't exactly mean the dutch gov , more so the people on this sub who wants the uks economy to crash and burn, 
  lets have the debate lads , who wants the tens of job was it dublin or frankfurt ? 
  maybe amsterdam it was jpmorgan who was meant to move the most jobs as well , im done, 
  on paper of course its who attacks who first but a lot more goes into it . 
  if the uk was to attack albania dor some reason i highly doubt the usa and such will begin aerial bombardment of the uk . 
  anyway , such situation is extremely unlikely . 
  now ask yourself if borris made a comment to the french ` did you bring your white flags ' everyone would go ape shit . 
  hypocritical . 
  then the uk has to also attack itself i 'm shitposting , i 'm aware . 
  it 's an interesting scenario which also applies to greece and turkey . 
  my money is on that should this situation ever occur both countries will be left to their own devices, 
  the most non intentional shit post award goes to you, 
  thanks bro ly, 
  all those frozen assets, 
  should they go against us/uk/france interests you can bet your money the country would be flattened within days, 
  i would like to add that if it the comments were made vice versa it would cause a shit storm, 
  by directing it at the most pro eu mep is a very funny joke, 
  round two of plundering india, 
  yes , all continentals are drunk cosmopolitan eurocrats, 
  tl : dr : other european meps asked labour mep for london whether he ` brought his navy along ' to the parliament the continentals really do have shite humour, 
  the common second generation feeling russian amongst englishmen , englishman amongst russians, 
  seasonal work in party resorts like ibiza etc but need bar expeience where are you from ? 
  i 'd pay 15 quid for a pint if i had too . 
  london is the greatest . 
  ( a pint i would nurse for the whole night ), 
  lol ur so stupehd we have 350m a week now we left yurop we can spend on aircraft europeans so ignorant, 
  indeed , i want to see what these new aircraft carriers are capable of . 
  we need to bleed the newer generation of raf pilots just incase we need to annex scotland and ireland, 
  you are correct good sir , the portuguese sun has affected my ability to spell, 
  cheeky sods charging a fiver for a pint, 
  my favourite pub is the one in north london, 
  im not that knowledgeable about kurdish history but from what ive learnt there has been numerous kurdish genocides . 
  kurds are also indigenous to their lands that they are in now , it is the turks who migrated there - going by that logic they deserve their own state and is not a land grab like you initially stated you mention how much arabs are your cousins and like i said in the previous comment walk around a muslim country with a kappa on , i want to know how you get on i do not spit on jews either , i live in a jewish neighbourhood , i see abuse they get from muslims . 
  i like how you mention the government of turkey , that is politics . 
  truth is , turks do not like jews , stop lying to yourself . 
  i welcome you to walk around muslim or arab countries with a kappa on and see how you get on, 
  an excuse to gain territory just like israels excuse is that a book promised them it, 
  incest was common practice in rural areas for much of the world in that case - the difference is turks are famous for incest now now lets not even begin on jews , you seem to be defiant on defending a group who want nothing more but to exterminate your people 's you schmuck, 
  you thought wrong, 
  have you tried kettle crisps ? 
  quite similar , cheese and onion are my favourite or what they call it : mature cheddar & red onion, 
  saw these in portugal too !, 
  in all supermarkets, 
  imagine trying to pipe up about my countries currency only to realise yours is n't worth the paper it 's printed on, 
  coming from a turk my # 10 is your weekly wage . 
  had stollen ; can confirm germans knew what they were doing, 
  my money is on a turk or islamist . 
  time to test out the new aircraft carriers, 
  private healthcare in the uk is cheaper than the us and very good ( my experience at least ) check bmi private hosp, 
  lol exactly what i am thinking !, 
  like many other european banks https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jan/31/deutsche-bank-fined-630m-over-russia-money-laundering-claims, 
  just had fish , can confirm, 
  beautiful out here !, 
  my apologies !, 
  because a red bus told us too, 
  are you talking about turkey ? 
  i highly recommend portugal , i have taken holidays in turkey and while it was cheap and beautiful , i found that some of the people that own shops and restaurants are too forceful , this puts me off . 
  i have been to portugal twice since and i am due to fly to southern portugal tomorrow , the weather is beautiful , the people are friendly and it 's cheap too !, 
  one for the history books, 
  i saw this !, 
  many thanks for both links !, 
  yes, 
  then you 're alright in the case of reunification or no reunification, 
  why do n't you go and apply for a republic passport instead of trying to earn internet points ? 
  it 's the mentality you take on when you are in a war zone . 
  an us vs them mentality . 
  as a soldier im sure he has witnessed many atrocities and his own friends have died ( not to say the other side has n't too ) all humans are different , some would bring the injured fighter in and some would execute them . 
  i dare not to think what would happen to a western soldier caught by the taliban . 
  now i ask you this , an f-16 pilot bombs some coordinates and ends up killing 15 civilians , is he a murderer too who should face prosecution ? 
  quick interesting read of a few tweets sent out by rory smith of the times about daily mail , asking the question why people still buy it etc : https://twitter.com/rorysmith/status/846490874364252160, 
  agreed , he is not an expert on the eu but he is a good negotiator . 
  luckily , he has a team to help him with the finer details of the eu . 
  on the other hand , the eu 's team consists of experts that know the eu inside out . 
  ( which is not surprising ! ), 
  nope i missed that , is that on the paper or online ? 
  i think you 'll be surprised , the man is smart . 
  meet back here in two years ? 
  sexualising a persons body is different to taking the piss out of someones hair, 
  i think david davis will surprise a few people personally !, 
  he will be out in a week as he has already served 3 years . 
  now i do not know what the geneva convention says but im sure theres something along the lines of not killing an injured person or something but imagine the mind set you have while being out in patrol with your mates only to come under attack and to find the little fucker that tried to kill you , i 'd put a bullet through his head . 
  that 's my personal opinion anyway . 
  good post : sir tim barrow interests me the most since i read a guardian piece about him a while ago , he is out and out pro-eu but clearly the man will work towards securing the uks interests . 
  eu moving to a transparent approach is a very clever strategy . 
  the tone and quotes from this article suggests after a few months of barking from each side both sides want to get this done with easily and quickly, 
  would be unfair if we sent our good artists , end up winning the thing year after year, 
  we could send the beatles in their prime and still lose , people just vote for their favourite country, 
  any type of business with gulf nations are as dodgy as it gets but most western nations are guilty of it, 
  fella thinks he has reached enlightenment , he 's currently going through the teenage conspiracy phase , the queen is a lizard and the usa plans to exterminate half the world for population control, 
  invest or face consequences noobs, 
  i wo n't bother with you , the article could be about how slovenia is experiencing an earthquake and im sure you 'll find a way to blame the uk or usa .
