  in your anti-anglo conquest i request you refrain from enjoying any english entertainment and proceed with russian soap dramas, 
  agreed, 
  jailed for 15 days found dead on 14th day, 
  oh man i remember the first time i used a dyson hand dryer in my local pub , revolutionary shit, 
  not sure what i expected, 
  not going to happen , just a distant dream on this sub . 
  no one is leaving nato , trump will come and go but nato will remain . 
  two random brits on the internet confirms your eastern european infowars conspiracy , never knew i worked for the foreign office , lay off the weed, 
  agreed . 
  it is the united kingdoms main objective to annex slovenia in our march towards moscow . 
  hide your kids , hide yo wives . 
  most cocaine use haha, 
  to me , the bloke thinks the answer to all his problems is violence . 
  however , i do agree with your initial point bar a few exceptions . 
  he was not brought up in a me cultured environment . 
  his real name is adrian russel ajao . 
  seems like its heavily dependent !, 
  growing up in east and north london , cunt is common lingo, 
  i stand corrected , from my experience studying in east mids with a big demographic of northerners they did n't use it as frequently and some found it rude . 
  everyones a cunt in my life back down south, 
  headlines in the uk did not label him a terrorist for a while, 
  much media labelled him as a mass murderer, 
  i love when europeans use the word cunt . 
  in london i call my mates cunts and people i hate cunts . 
  the further north you go in the uk the more vile the word is, 
  good question . 
  i believe a terrorist who murders with some sort of political/religious or other type of ideology or reasoning such as white supremacy or in the name of islam, 
  as numbers are much lower than in the previous decades we are much more shocked when such things happen , we see it on the news much more all around the clock , makes it feel like we are living in dangerous times ( here in the western world at least ), 
  more information on 1993 here : https://fas.org/irp/threat/terror_93/euro.html, 
  i like how the statistics included anders breivik as a terrorist statistic , some media outlets labelled him mentally insane due to him not being of an ethnic minority background , it is refreshing to see someone labelled correctly for what they are , a terrorist . 
  no worries !, 
  yes, 
  unless you 're insinuating due to leaving the eu we are going to get continental europeans blowing themselves up in london , i think we 'll be okay . 
  the triggering of article 50 should n't correlate with terrorist incidents . 
  why would it ? 
  busy areas of london such as train stations police are authorised to carry weapons . 
  update : # live video feed from the air : https://www.periscope.tv/rtenfrancais/1drkzpgopavjb * man with a knife/machete got into parliament and stabbed officer , has since been shot * car on bridge has mowed down at least 3 people * the moment parliament got suspended : https://twitter.com/thevocaleurope/status/844566243227111426 * video of heavily armed officers preparing to go in parliament https://twitter.com/ptr_yeung/status/844565552727240705 * at least a dozen armed officers inside parliament ( sky ) will provide links when on pc, 
  worded it wrong . 
  my view on the sun does n't mean i agree with it to be banned . 
  elaborate, 
  isis is regarded as a terrorist organisation and an enemy of the british state and most of the world , support for isis should not be allowed in any way , shape or form . 
  i see what angle you are coming from , but if there is a paper being distributed that says join isis today . 
  make the calpihate great again . 
  behead british soldiers and bomb london that is , in many peoples eyes , propaganda . 
  yes , to maybe 1 % it is n't , but such thing is obviously trying to incite violence, 
  the national union of students is a joke in the uk . 
  i am 100 % against the sun newspaper , but several universities have banned the newspaper on campus ( no sales of it etc ) which i can understand in a sense because it lies a lot and is a awful paper but then that sets a dangerous precedent , if you ban one you ban all . 
  the only piece of publication that should be banned is obvious terrorist propaganda . 
  everyone has the right to freedom of speech , but you do not have a right to an audience, 
  i should have worded my opening comment a little more carefully , but nice talk . 
  i 'm off to lunch now , see you !, 
  they do not have a legal obligation to be moral or ethical , no . 
  my initial comment was directed more at people who think dirty banks are only in certain countries , banks are dirty no matter in which country they operate . 
  here we have deutsche bank , no one would accuse germans of laundering money for russian criminals , but here we are . 
  yes , but like any other business if you are aiding criminals , be prepared to face the consequences . 
  anyone who thinks banks are moral and ethical are in for a surprise , no matter if they are british , german or french . 
  the uk stereotype about patriotic people could n't be more true haha . 
  i went to school a while back with a few albanians , a few from kukes , some from tropje ( hope i spelt it right ) and i can tell you for sure they would mention that they were albanian about 15 times a day . 
  with all the on-going tension and the current climate in russia and the possible consequences he should know better than to wave a ukrainian flag . 
  what the police done is 100 % wrong and in a normal democracy such thing would n't happen . 
  the student should just use his head regardless . 
  it 's not right , but i mean the student is asking for it . 
  a bit like this spurs fan the other week vs millwall . 
  not really arsed, 
  ok , since you asked so nicely , we will be moving jobs to latvia . 
  see you soon . 
  goldman sachs, 
  gaudeamuss is the infowars of europe . 
  they produce luxury cars and sell less than other german counterparts so i guess it evens out, 
  profit oriented car manufacturer makes profit, 
  because to americans pasta is this http://www.kraftmacandcheese.com/static/images/products/microwave-original.png jok, 
  you call it responsible others will call it boring . 
  work and save for most of your life being frugal and penny pinching and have quite the fortune when your 40/50 + or live a little when you 're young ? 
  it 's all about balance , but also perspective , everyone has their preferences . 
  some jokes just write themself, 
  i love the shit-show that always commences in brexit related posts, 
  what ? 
  to my surprise , i have started to see more and more us fast food chains in the uk . 
  taco bell , shake shack , five guys etc however , we have also had an influx of more ` premium ' style restaurants . 
  i guess there 's something for everyone !, 
  a few years ago while studying in germany . 
  i was taught by a lecturer who is german but an adviser to the japanese government . 
  he told me that germans are very frugal with their money and are very work orientated and have kids very late . 
  generally only have 1 or two kids . 
  this is not much insight but i guess its a mixture of wanting to work and save money . 
  you must have gone to the wrong places !, 
  most places i dine olive oil and vinegar is always on the table !, 
  but i do agree , the uk is like diet-usa sometimes when it comes to food haha . 
  although we do have quite a lot of fine dining too !, 
  it is sad to see . 
  every ruling government needs an opposition to keep them in check . 
  i have worked in turkey for a year at a time and the way the place has changed since then is worrying . 
  the wx have a few stores in the uk , guess it 's their duty to have the finest stuff https://www.thewhiskyexchange.com/p/11266/koskenkorva-original-vodka, 
  my favourite thing about this whole scandal is people pretending to be shocked and distraught that their cars are polluting the world . 
  cry about car emissions 2 . 
  sue vw 3 . 
  receive compensation to take two flights for a holiday ( while still polluting the earth ), 
  i can get finlandia here for like # 12 for 70cl but that koskenkorva stuff seems more expensive here . 
  til, 
  what 's the general consensus of finlandia vodka in finland , you guys like that stuff or its a gimmick ?
