  many experienced servicemen leave the army and go private for several reasons but usually the main two 1 . 
  easily earn upto $ 1,500 a day - a lot more than in the national army 2 . 
  bloodthirsty killers - why not get paid for it the uk & usa used these companies also for several reasons , when a soldier dies in an illegal war , it makes national headlines , but when a mercenary dies , no one will know . 
  i do agree with you that private companies should have nothing to do with a foreign intervention too . 
  who do they answer to ? 
  who regulates them ? 
  is it ethical ? 
  can they be tried for murder ? 
  i have got into contact with a journalist to who will get into contact with syrian locals to see if they have seen mercenary presence - i believe there is . 
  often , oil feeds and mercenaries go hand in hand . 
  sure the uk&us will invade the country for its oil under the pretense of wmd but you can not exactly have your national army protecting the oil fields in a foreign country . 
  there is a lot to talk about and i am still writing/studying about it until this day , i am sorry i have n't been able to write much , i am currently in the middle of an overcrowded train but will happily discuss this with you . 
  i 'm sure we can both learn from each other, 
  we often hear about how big china 's gdp is and how big india 's etc will become . 
  important to note that a high gdp should be expected in countries with massive populations but is not a good reflection of quality of life etc. 
  however , these projections just make the usa 's insanely high gdp all the more impressive, 
  if i have n't understood the article wrong ; if norway is allowed to be on to negotiating table with the eu , the chances of having a more favourable deal is higher . 
  if the uk has to negotiate with norway directly , they may find it less unfavourable from a norwegian point of view , it makes sense . 
  there is a real risk of brain drain , it is not to say you will throw away your passports because at the end of the day you do love your country, 
  there is an indirect link between the two - but maybe i steered a little bit off topic . 
  the question was answered so i thought i 'd chime in a little, 
  that 's a good idea !, 
  i 'll have a little browse of their website , thank you kind sir, 
  with whats going on in turkey , my judgement is that many turks will overstay their visas . 
  i find it funny how one of the reasons we should of voted leave was because the possibility of turkey entering and an influx of turkish immigration . 
  we then vote to leave  and then campaign for turkey to be accepted . 
  what a shambolic campaign, 
  i wrote my dissertation on something similar , about the rise of private militarys and mercenaries and touched on the security industry slightly . 
  my judgement is that the security industry will grow , you have private police in neighbourhoods in south africa , you have g4s which is the biggest in the world which provide ` security ' to many events such as the olympics , you even get their workers in police stations in the uk as ` receptionists ', 
  when you initially said ` yeah ' in response to nordicfederation i assumed you was agreeing with his comment that uk is full of crazy conservatives , before he edited it and then went onto back up his point with some road sign . 
  a misunderstanding maybe, 
  nitpicking an individual on a forum and applying it to the whole population does not make the point that the uk is full of crazy conservative right wingers, 
  stop generalising , there are crazy conservative people in europe too . 
  you have neo-nazis in germany to name one . 
  you have a clear agenda, 
  they 're so proud of their army but can not defeat a little group of guerrillas , lol, 
  reditski wins this battle, 
  eating pies like this substitute goal keeper in last nights fa cup game https://youtu.be/oszc-vu8hhy, 
  very ignoranrmt behaviour , turks are in european countries in their masses and do not recieve the racial abuse they give to people in their own country . 
  funny thing is kurds are indigenous to the middle east and turks are not , if only the treaty of sevres/picot i can not remember which one was kinder to the kurds . 
  a population of 40m with no country , and yet you get kosovans who describe themselves as ethnically albanian getting their own country, 
  imagine being classed as a terrorist for listening to music in your own language and doing a traditional cultural dance fuck off turkey bunch of nonces not going to accept that its the pro-akp/erdogan government only either , previous governments have been worse if not the same, 
  yeah , was referring to that, 
  no , this is n't eurovision . 
  otherwise we may as well invite austrailia, 
  fucking hell these articles get boring, 
  the old mps be like https://i.imgur.com/ecgywls.jpg, 
  it 's not exactly contractual though , i may be wrong but i guess thats what the lawyers will be discussing . 
  i can tell my wife im going to pay her gym membership for 6 years but 2 years in and i divorce her , she can fund her own gym membership, 
  bulgaria can fund their own motorway instead of funding our museum once we leave, 
  renewable sources of energy are such a win win situation . 
  i can not wait until the old guard die out and marijuana legalisation and renewable energy and all that shit comes into effect . 
  lobbying from big corporations in my eyes is just bribery . 
  give money for the projects until the day we leave . 
  why should i fund a motorway in bulgaria after we 've officially left ? 
  no , we pay until the day we leave is my stance . 
  - eu : fuck uk !!!!!!, 
  hurry up and go !!!!!!, 
  - eu : even when you 're officially gone gim me ur money so i can give it to other countries < 3, 
  paul watson is a nonce, 
  lpt : * learn some sort of coding language or it skills * go to uk and demand a very high salary * ????? 
  ` the gibraltar port authority says `` most arrested ships are sold in a sealed-bids auction within six to eight weeks , once the claim has been proved and judgment given '' . ', 
  i love how its such a common occurence to seize ships hahaha, 
  too expensive , at university i could live on a few quid a day , some organisations must be ripping off the government with its invoices, 
  does n't david davis look like a right smug little cunt, 
  there is a big ice wall my friend we have a castle on our side and many defensive mechanisms , we have kept those wildlings out for many years . 
  make of that what you will, 
  good watch , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6ftsc69ddi also ; https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=fried+pizza+scotland&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=905&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewibky_j5ztsahwlosakhxihdwcq_auibigb, 
  ` were norwegian territory ... until early 1472 ' its time to let go, 
  surely not , scotland is great !, 
  best landscape in europe , i tell you best whiskey in the world !, 
  i know those scots , best fried pizza in the world too !, 
  we can sell them for over 1 trillion dollars, 
  we can sell it , make some money , and then annex it !, 
  i did n't mean they give us a big amount of deficit , i meant we could sell them to make some money :p, 
  what if we sold off scotland ? 
  maybe we can sell them to offset our trade balance, 
  you pay for it with any bank card !, 
  the cards are sponsored by banks recently , started off with barclays and now santander . 
  some people still refer to them as ` boris bikes ', 
  london bike scheme is pretty good in my opinion . 
  as a pay as you go customer , # 2 to ` activate ' the bike for 24 hours and the first 30 minutes of each journey is free . 
  works out better than being stuck in traffic on a bus for a short journey . 
  question : if one country just keeps rejecting the deal , is there anyway the remainder nations can overrule one nation ? 
  for example , lets say poland rejects this deal , and after several attempts it still does not meet their ` requirements ' and they keep rejecting it , what can the other nations do ? 
  i went to a casino in wiesbaden in germany , what looked quite a luxorious casino . 
  many people , predominantly asian were literally putting 500 euros worth of chips on one number on the roulette table , walking away and not looking . 
  now repeat that several times . 
  some people are generally filthy rich , crazy, 
  this made me chuckle haha , well done sir, 
  i bet a portuguese person would love that !, 
  ( im not sure how many of it is in circulation ), 
  lol, 
  who gets to be the number 1 sheep shagger ? 
  the welsh or zealanders ? 
  you have had previous governments which have n't been that good to the cause either i believe . 
  i think its more of an ideological thing at this point . 
  maybe a new more secular generation will think differently, 
  to think how much more powerful turkey could be if this problem was solved . 
  you should of stayed in central asia where you belong in that case .
