  #this is a declaration of war , lets bomb dresden, 
  possibly , maybe they are pushed to get into work from a younger age whereas you are pushed towards further education in the uk - that is just my guess . 
  i believe german tuition fees have been abolished too , it is free to go study for a bachelors , maybe even further . 
  even though we have the highest tuition fees in the eu , we 're doing quite well . 
  mean to who ? 
  beer ? 
  was the oval office built for trump ? 
  this was built specifically for hitler, 
  it was technically his arm chair as it was in his bunker , he owned it . 
  http://www.iwm.org.uk/collections/item/object/205195910 from hitlers bunker , its likely at one point that scumbag sat on it . 
  very good point but the young french serve a decent pint too !, 
  you can send the in law back but you will lose her pension money that she spends on four cartons of cigarettes a week no more spanglish to deal for you !, 
  how dare you comment with rationale and common sense ? 
  oh my spanish friend , what you are currently describing from what you see is our chavs-light , like diet pepsi , you are seeing the diet chavs . 
  the chavs we are threatening to send over , man , some people say these chavs havent seen sunlight for 6 years , they are creatures of the night , they are night riders in their peugot 106 , hoards of them congregate in tesco car parks late at night , they only eat fried chicken some people even say our own police force are afraid of them , but the government is letting them breed and multiply for moments like this , hundrerds of easyjet flights have been pre-booked and some say at least half of them will drive down to spain themselves , be afraid amigo, 
  quiet you !, 
  they are currently under the guise of tourists, 
  tread carefully spain !, 
  we will release the chavs by the thousands onto the beaches of magaluf !, 
  wenger out, 
  come on fella , we come in good faith, 
  picardo is such a geezer , i reckon we reward him with the first minister of scotland role #picardoforscotland, 
  good point but we 're revisiting our settlement , i have heard those american rebels are quite fond of us redcoats these days, 
  give me a break hahaha the nhs has x2 the gdp of latvia, 
  use the frieght ships to drag the uk next to the us , thought that was obvious, 
  one msc oscar freight ship costs $ 140m 100000000000 / 140000000 = 714 frieght ships for 100bn taking into account some economies of scale maybe the manufacturer can give us 1000 msc oscars instead we may as well move the island just beside florida . 
  probably spending too much time in the pub, 
  nothing new , travel alerts from uk gov issued on gov website regarding germany & france too . 
  better to warn tourists the possibility of an attack than not at all . 
  i 'm sure its probably vice versa, 
  no one is surprised . 
  off with their heads !, 
  it took roughly 18 minutes for you to comment , im surprised , you comment on brexit related topics in under 5 mins . 
  fix up, 
  `` the costs for moving out of the old building were estimated at $ 37.4 million '' anyone else think organisation invoices are heavily inflated ? 
  where is all this money going ? 
  me and a couple mates with a ford transit will empty out the building and move it to the new location for # 1m , do it within a few days as well, 
  people would argue it infringes privacy laws and will be used for other things aside from locating known terrorists . 
  bros < 3, 
  you will be fine , i highly doubt you will be kicked out . 
  in the unlikely case that you are , i am ready to offer you shelter and be your parental guardian by adopting you . 
  my apologies . 
  it 's no longer the 80-90s though , hiding in spain will no longer work haha !, 
  fuck off isis why would you want to attack spain, 
  good news for landlords . 
  young people looking to get on the property ladder in london should seek to invest their savings outside london , buy auction properties in cheaper areas , do them up and sell them on for profit . 
  another option , even though somewhat saturated is to look to buy and rent properties in student populated areas . 
  use the new properties as collateral when taking out a mortgage in london , when the time comes sell that property on and move to a more desired one - heavily simplified yes , but it works . 
  is it a common thing ? 
  i saw maybe two around the south while travelling, 
  was surprised why i initially got down-voted heavily lol . 
  shady chinese business is continent wide , it should n't just be used as a stick to bash one country with . 
  they have everything , literally everything . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i can only imagine they out price local stores and send the money back to china which is the case in africa too . 
  my old university friends parents had a store in zimbabwe selling mattresses , the chinese came in , undercut them and a majority of the money was sent out of the country . 
  see if this link works ; https://www.google.co.uk/maps/uv?hl=en&amp;pb=!1s0xd1ad07eec661f3b:0x4fe3e6d2608deef2!2m19!2m2!1i80!2i80!3m1!2i20!16m13!1b1!2m2!1m1!1e1!2m2!1m1!1e3!2m2!1m1!1e5!2m2!1m1!1e4!3m1!7e115!4s/maps/place/espaco%2bcasa%2balcantarilha/@37.1316105,-8.3501061,3a,75y,196.34h,90t/data%3d*213m4*211e1*213m2*211sgs3tyj4weudt8gmv9x1eia*212e0*214m2*213m1*211s0x0:0x4fe3e6d2608deef2!5sespaco+casa+alcantarilha+-+google+search&amp;imagekey=!1e2!2sgs3tyj4weudt8gmv9x1eia&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiomay19l_tahvj2rokhe8oargqpx8iiaewcg turn around you should see ` shopping china ' : it is google street view, 
  not directly related but only in some european countries ( portugal notably ) have i witnessed massive warehouses owned by the chinese selling replica items and cheap tech items , im talking massive warehouses . 
  i 'd say the borderline hate stems from being sad of the uk leaving . 
  http://lmgtfy.com/?q=what+would+be+the+aftermath+if+the+uk+left+the+eu%3f has lots of information regarding this question , will be very informative for you, 
  scotland will vote against independence . 
  for me , the reasons behind the attacks on europe is not so much because they were not able to get jobs or have a motivation in life , but more so their devotion to their idea of religion and to retaliate against western powers for their roles in syria and such ` if you bomb our brothers we will fight back ', 
  i can see what angle you 're coming from but being pissed off at the system is not a reason to start shooting shit up . 
  we live in a meritocracy and the opportunities is there for everybody . 
  we should n't have to worry about making sure people do n't get angry or they 're going to turn to terrorism . 
  same goes with white high school american kids , just because they 're getting bullied it does n't excuse their shooting sprees . 
  if said migrant is not happy at his current situation he can change it . 
  yes of course we are not all in the same position , some people are more privileged and have a head start but the opportunities are out their to do yourself better . 
  the only way to fight extremism is to not give it a platform . 
  did wilders not win a seat or extra in comparison to the previous election ? 
  other than that i agree with you , average people voting for right wing parties is merely a ` fuck-you ' vote and will switch over to the more centrist parties in a heartbeat . 
  all it takes is some flexing from the current governments and boom , populist parties down the drain . 
  many conservatives voted for ukip and are now switching back . 
  from videos and articles i have watched for people who vote for le pen say that it is due to immigration , this is what i am basing my argument on . 
  i agree , blaming immigration is the easy way . 
  sure , if everybody was well off i 'm sure they would not be blaming the immigrants . 
  however , some people blame immigration for the increase in terrorist attacks in france , that you can not blame on income inequality . 
  wow , completely misread the article , i need to lay off the green . 
  the dyanmics on this sub is that if you do not agree with someone you downvote them which is lame . 
  northern areas in england and scotland do not see as much immigration as the south yet they 're against immigration , the media heavily influences opinion whoops , there goes your passive aggressive point, 
  i 'm not saying it , im looking at it from the perspective of people voting for the populist candidate, 
  many non far right people who vote for le pen vote for her because of their concerns of excessive immigration, 
  how does that remindme bot thingy work ? 
  i 'll see you in a few years !, 
  i like to be politically aware , whether or not one side addresses anothers concerns or what the implications of x person winning , i do n't really care about . 
  i 'm just making debate . 
  i wo n't be , i do n't really care about france . 
  macron is likely to win the presidential race of course , but it should be a worry to the incoming french government the amount of people voting for the far-right and maybe they should address some of that voter bases concerns or the far right will keep rising , by that i mean those people on the fence who are n't necessarily far right supporters themselves but want to see some problems addressed , that being the ` fuck-you ' votes, 
  what 's your solution ? 
  or cracking down on extremist preachers and mosques which breed terrorist ideologies and incite violence, 
  le pens hopes can be destroyed by any candidate who states they will take a hard stance against home-grown terrorism, 
  taiwan is a member of the wto . 
  i doubt argentina will cause much of an upset, 
  jesus christ take a break , how do you always manage to find time to bash the uk while fantasizing about macron bombing syria ? 
  the day i can get a robot to do maintenance on my rentals will be a great day for profitability , if anyone even has jobs to pay the rent . 
  i agree with your comment in regards to preparing our economy for the future , but not so much the rest of it . 
  ending financial passports is not that big of an issue considering american and singaporean and hong kong banks operate in the eu under mfid2 i believe it is called . 
  all it will require will be a few po boxes in the eu, 
  i 'm arguing for skilled immigration because it benefits our economy and the economic situation of our country benefits me . 
  the amount of skilled migrants in our industries makes them stronger .
