  i intend to visit again over summer briefly as a transit route but i will visit after a little session in the spielbank wiesebaden casino . 
  i stayed in a smaller village towards eltvile on the rhine and man there was one takeaway outlet with shite food making an absolute killing . 
  seriously considering my own outlet there now . 
  may i ask where you went ? 
  it 's not a biased answer if its the truth ? 
  that is one of the reason why we are against an eu army . 
  who calls the shots ? 
  who is on the top of that chain of command ? 
  how can you value a french general over an italian general ? 
  does the commission have the last say ? 
  greece opts out of an eu army but then gets attacked by turkey ( hypothetically ) does the eu still defend it ? 
  this is why i tell you for a complete single eu army , federalisation must occur . 
  the uk does not want a single european army as it conflicts with its own foreign policy . 
  had there been a single eu army , i 'd imagine it would interfere with france 's foriegn policy of bombing libya and syria . 
  sit back and appreciate the protection nato gives to you from the russian bear . 
  an eu army is a fantasy for armchair generals . 
  european defence cooperation will increase even with the uk involved in joint excercises ( which is still essentially nato ) but you will not see a eu army in your life time . 
  because the uk is fully integrated between the four countries under one government , the eu is not . 
  become a federal state then create a single army . 
  the current us administration is asking for eu to increase financial commitments , a joint army after the eu federalises is more likely and less complex . 
  creating a european military is too complicated currently , the battle groups are doing just fine , there are far bigger issues that the eu should be focusing on rather than creating a second nato . 
  who decides where the army goes ? 
  will the spanish like it that a spanish soldier has died protecting bulgaria ? 
  the eu has to federalise before it creates a joint european army . 
  lol, 
  a single bus journey is cheaper in london than plenty of other cities . 
  nato exists . 
  the food , comparing it to london kebab shops there is a massive difference in quality and price . 
  london prices tend to be cheaper with more generous portions and better quality, 
  from my travels in germany ( dusseldorf , mainz , wiesbaden , frankfurt and several smaller villages ) i have come to the conclusion that the kebab houses and fast food outlets are not really any good, 
  game of thrones, 
  ^ even better . 
  i found the pic i posted on twitter . 
  ` how racist is your country ? ', 
  ` like , 0.348 racist ', 
  anyone else think the attackers did not mean to get the nhs and now they 're thinking ` we 've fucked it , gchq is onto us ', 
  hmm , maybe we believe in it slightly more than them but it still exists . 
  it 's just that obama had a love affair with france ? / germany ? 
  whereas republicans tend to be closer towards the uk . 
  you are correct . 
  maybe the meeting between pm and president is heavily emphasised on the media which is why i thought that . 
  maybe uk and us ? 
  just a guess, 
  queen mother : ` tell agent austin powers to prepare himself ', 
  how can the uk go back to france ? 
  i do n't think you understand, 
  no shit , it 's more so a tongue in cheek comment to a minority of people who say the eu does not need the uk, 
  all this guy does is plead for people to come/come back to france . 
  it 's like a un aid video campaign, 
  to balance out the axis of french-spanish-italian influence against the germans, 
  and this is why the eu needs the uk , to stop these two getting at each others throats x / s, 
  definitely propaganda . 
  it 's funny to think that germany of all countries would give into lobbying by a cult . 
  ca n't tell if you 're an erdobot or gulenbot, 
  oh beautiful england, 
  agreed . 
  the way people can disregard your concerns and opinion by saying ` brexiteer ', 
  rothschild banker is a man of the people ? 
  even erdogan is classified a more ` man of the people ' because of his grass roots than macron . 
  before everyone gives me shit , i am glad le pen did not win . 
  that looks extremely depressing , that explains the alcohol consumption levels, 
  gib money, 
  ffs it 's too early lol, 
  pointing out a grammatical mistake is not contributing to the debate . 
  maybe you belong on r/grammar, 
  you still get the drift of what i 'm talking about . 
  you have a very sad life . 
  i 'm not too fussed making mistakes in my own language . 
  do you get a thrill from correcting peoples mistakes ? 
  merkel must of given him a good ol' bollocking, 
  cool story bro, 
  how could i forget . 
  chinese internet is also fairly restricted to an extent . 
  does n't stop the government attempting cyberhax against the west tho . 
  i reckon because angloshere and china do not meet too much in terms of foreign policy so there is less geopolitical clashing thus not a major need to sway public opinion via interwebs, 
  it 's important to note not all americans are like that . 
  however , some fail to understand the concept of a group of countries with different customs working together on one project . 
  ultimately , these keks see the eu as a threat to the us while making excuses for putin and his gang, 
  study hard reading articles, 
  people who go to school work for billionaires like me who read articles on how to become a billionaire . 
  crazy world, 
  fantasy world but , i wonder what europes reaction would be if there was a german coup , or any european member state coup for that matter , do you think there would be foreign intervention ? 
  let 's use germany as an example, 
  you sneaky fucker you ( its worth giving it a try , i do n't think they 'll realise , get a monthly pay as you go plan with a good bundle to test the waters ), 
  can confirm , am billionaire now because of brexit, 
  forced child labour on the continent , glad we left the abusive fascist eu, 
  this x10000, 
  speaking french only to be appluaded by everyone in the room to spite the british is the funniest thing i 've seen all week . 
  i 'd like to see mr junker speak french to the chinese , indian and american governments as supposedly english is losing its importance . 
  i 'm no major fan of may , but she has officially triggered this alcoholic, 
  til !, 
  well that clears it up . 
  nice to see football clubs heavily involved in the community . 
  yeah , they have n't chosen a side . 
  although i find it weird a football club getting involved in politics , but that 's just me . 
  whats your opinion ? 
  it was interesting to watch !, 
  yes , fcb is too much of an asset to la liga to lose . 
  i thought the status of fcb was in question should catalonia become independent, 
  fc barcelona gon na end up playing in the unofficial world cup as a city state ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viva_world_cup not to worry though , i 'm sure messi and the lads can beat northern cyprus fc and the semi autonmous kurdistan fc edit : just realised its been abolished since 2012 , in that case fc barcelona can begin its new football journey in the conference leagues of french football,
