how stupid are you ? 
  argentina is n't in europe , it 's in asia . 
  here we go again, 
  you should find another hobby . 
  why are you so hurt by brexit if it does n't directly affect you ? 
  it affects me quite a bit and i am no where near as mad as you, 
  pot calling the kettle black, 
  these maps suck . 
  i always get excited to click on it to see what the word for ` germany ' or ` beer ' is in in my native language , only to realise it 's been given away in the title :(, 
  heathrow airport is becoming too big and powerful , will want independence soon . 
  the republic of heathrow, 
  when the tech city cluster was first announced , the amount of companies that moved in was insane , all centred around old street roundabout which is adjacent to trendy shoreditch , as a landlord in this area i welcome this news . 
  when the initiative was first announced , the amount of letters i was receiving from estate agents looking for properties for corporate tenants was insane, 
  let 's meet in a few years in which i can assure you the economy will not be crumbling . 
  aww come on they do n't put fewer tomatoes to undercut them , market research into eastern european regions shows that consumers in eastern europe actually like less tomatoes and palm oil instead of butter !, 
  if this melenchon fella wins the presidency i wonder what the relations between france and the usa would look like . 
  maybe we 'd see a cia funded coup within 2 years / s, 
  the sanctions are there because of the governments actions . 
  i 'm not saying we are allowed to do it and russia is not allowed to do it . 
  we both do it , but we are more powerful than russia therefore theres nothing they can do about it but suck it up and change government or wait until a new superpower on the world stage takes russias side if russia wants to act like a big boy it 'll get treated like one, 
  maybe russia should feed it 's population before intervening in other countries then ? 
  war costs money . 
  russia ca n't take over the world but it can cause unrest and instability by meddling in other countries and it is my government and its allies duty to stop that affecting us directly . 
  it 's tongue in cheek , i thought that was obvious . 
  the uk has always had a pragmatic approach against russia . 
  russia is a threat to europe . 
  putin wants to extend russia 's sphere of influence and unfortunately for him i do n't plan on speaking russian or spending rubles any time soon . 
  the current us administration 's handling of russia is somewhat worrying , i guess trump see 's china as a bigger threat . 
  regardless , i 'm glad we are taking a lead role in this . 
  a nothing article stating the obvious, 
  the far left and far right have a lot in common . 
  many thanks , i have been searching for this for ages . 
  the greek one was the one i was searching for . 
  glad to know its not mythology, 
  wow , thats extremely depressing . 
  especially with the whole world sitting back and not doing anything in the name of geopolitics . 
  what 's even more depressing is that kosovo with a population of 1.8 m who describe themselves as ethnically albanian have their own nation state whereas a population of 35-40 do not . 
  although should the possibility of a kurdish state arise , i fear that kurdish factions would fight amongst themselves . 
  the main culprit being barzani and his kdp gang . 
  no friends but the mountains ey . 
  edit : i should add , i read somewhere in which a greek commander sent a few thousands troops to a kurdish region but none returned : probably some mythology or something but are you aware of such thing ? 
  may not be greek may be something else , i 'll try find it, 
  `` no matter what happens , '' says serkar , a student in diyarbakir , `` the kurds will probably end up paying the price . '' the sad reality, 
  good points you have highlighted . 
  i have visited and worked in a city called malatya two times within a span of 5 years and the demographic change is astonishing , initially before it was quite a mixture of people , speaking to kurds , liberal turks and those who are quite clearly religious . 
  my most recent visit that had all changed becoming a lot more conservative religious and not seeing as many kurds as i did before . 
  i wonder whether erdogan has a policy of repopulating an area . 
  i know that he has relocated many arab immigrants to the se to alter the demographics in his favour . 
  i kept a close eye on the turkish elections ( i am from london and was brought up with many kurds and turks ( north london ) . 
  the first election when the hdp passed the threshold was very welcome , however the snap election although ` democratic ' was very unfair , polling stations were moved so many people could n't visit , intimidating tactics , extremely limited television time for hdp , having their rallies cancelled , all those tactics were used . 
  i wonder if there was a fully fair election what the results would look like . 
  unfortunately , the removal of erdogan will not fix the problems inside turkey imho , after erdogan , there will be another douche , and then another douchebag . 
  10 % is a ridiculous threshold . 
  now i wonder , erdogan has asked his population to make more kids in turkey and abroad in the eu . 
  i read that the kurds have more kids and larger families ( rule generally applies to poorer regions ) , in x amount of years the kurdish population in turkey can become even more influential , current population is about 20m in a country of 70odd . 
  the rate the kurdish population is growing i wonder in what year the hdp or another similar party gets even more seats, 
  ' i will plant my flag ' can be viewed as provocative . 
  i like my hole deep . 
  spanish mp said he would plant his flag there . 
  could of worded it better , provocative statement . 
  the journalist pushed the ex tory to ask whether they would defend it using military which was true . 
  lets not forget http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/06/spains-foreign-minister-vows-to-plant-his-flag-on-gibraltar/, 
  you 'd be surprised by the amount of accents we have on this island , seriously . 
  manufactured controversy yes . 
  this video is a bit of a laugh though , which also proposes a hypothetical question . 
  better than what most news outlets churned out during that week of gibraltar centered news . 
  i will supply you with a holy list later this evening . 
  be prepared , your life will change !, 
  an ` accidental ' air strike or something along those lines or maybe attack the us ' allies in the sdf . 
  i do n't think rhese are likely at all , just making up hypothetical situations, 
  i saw that they said that . 
  the fear is how the syrian gov reacts , small groups of us special forces operate in northern syria , would they be stupid enough to seek vengenance ? 
  which would cause a massive escalation, 
  i agree . 
  chemical weapons have no place in this world and i am happy for the west to bomb chemical stores/planes etc to limit such attacks . 
  i guess im just hoping the syrian gov learn from this and it does n't turn into an invasion , the picture wohld get so complicated then , be a little bit like royal rumble , last man ( country ) standing, 
  my fears are that if this becomes a consistent thing instead of a warning the west technically becomes the air force for all those jihadists . 
  there is no difference between the fsa/isis/aq linked groups . 
  removing assad will open up a hole in which extremist groups will flourish . 
  such a shit show . 
  might be best to get all the civilians out and just flatten the country with all the terrorists still in there . 
  ( and syrian gov ), 
  not only have we given this earth the beatles and isaac newton but also these amazing british monkeys x, 
  could you be any more up his arse ? 
  worried for you , how on earth do you find such a sub, 
  best post on here in a while, 
  my data plan allows me to take all domestic allowance abroad . 
  meaning i can call all of europe for free , text and picture message . 
  along with my 12gb standard monthly data , free s7 edge phone ( one month after release ) # 37pm . 
  edit : i remember the days when unlimited data was the normal . 
  im with you on that one . 
  i 've never really read into it . 
  never paid it during my student years , nothing really happens . 
  they do produce some good quality content though !, 
  which is fair . 
  we pay a license fee , you do n't, 
  your initial response was : ` said a uk person on eu sub ' . 
  stick to your guns boy, 
  takes a special type of bored to come up with shit like this, 
  bbc does n't have ads either,
