  geopolitics over lives i guess eh, 
  executions and stoning . 
  jailing of journalists , human rights violations , constant vocal threats to bomb israel . 
  i can go on ... 
  i do love american sport , every now and then they interrupt the commercials for a few minutes of nfl !, 
  the sport is growing a bit in the uk , they have yearly games in london and will have some more with the completion of tottenhams stadium , although its not something you hear people talking about . 
  universities in the uk also have an american football league and some teams get to meet the actual nfl teams . 
  it 's completely unacceptably from a humanity view point to sell weapons to the saudis . 
  i do not agree with my country selling arms to them , i am against it but the problem lays that if the uk does n't sell them weapons , france or another country happily will . 
  but then again i am against my country selling weapons to turkey , and any other tyrannical regime - but this would mean the defence industry would go bust . 
  countries unanimously have to agree to not sell weapons to them . 
  meeting abroad on erasmus while studying , i ca n't see why someone with a european recognised bachelors to not be qualified for a visa . 
  you have narrowed it down to such a niche , if these two people meet abroad during a year of studying and now they want to live together ? 
  please, 
  nothing they can do but stick it out until they can meet the requirements ? 
  then they 're in a long distant relationship and im sure travelling between the two countries may require a visa at most , probably be a 90 day visa waiver like europe has with the us, 
  the world has become more global , theres a western student who studied at pyongyang university in north korea but jack , 15 from brighton tells me he 's lost an opportunity to live in romania, 
  assuming the briton already has a german girlfriend , both the eu and uk are looking to guarantee the rights of their nationals in the eu/uk and i think they will . 
  uk * the daily mail turns on nigel farage , lol http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4192022/nigel-farage-sharing-pad-french-politician.html, 
  ffs we 've been an eu member for 40 years and the only people i know living in europe are my mates grandparents in southern spain on their pension so now lets agree the majority of us we 're never gon na move to europe because we 're too lazy to learn another language cause everyone speaks english anyway . 
  all this ` losing opportunities ' bollocks is getting annoying , just like the 1m + brits in australia if you really want to move to another country you can apply . 
  lol, 
  it 's in the interest of the uk to get a deal done first , but i 'm sure the eu will be fine without one . 
  due to the shortage , wholesalers have increased their prices quite a bit . 
  so local takeaways/restaurants have been going to the supermarkets and bulk buying as the price is cheaper than buying it in bulk from wholesalers . 
  * friends got his own restaurant, 
  yes i agree . 
  it does n't mean we will be paying the reported 60bn euros after we leave . 
  the eu is a club we decided to join . 
  we pay our monthly subscription fee which is used for the development of the club . 
  we pay until the day we decide we do n't want to be part of this club anymore . 
  edit : ` until the day we actually leave ' ( not decide to ), 
  and if we lose it , we 'll ignore it anyway, 
  the eu wants freedom of movement for access to the single market , the uk just wants single market access . 
  i personally believe you do n't need freedom of movement for single market access . 
  a visa/visa waiver system is good enough imo . 
  something like what we have with the us . 
  if you want to move elsewhere permanently then you should go through the due processes . 
  i also believe in times like this europe needs to be united and stronger than ever . 
  the uk does not need to be ` punished ' but uk demands for an extremely favourable fta is just a fantasy . 
  if the uk is ` punished ' they will be pushed into trumps hand and his idea to hurt the eu . 
  the eu and uk have to work out some sort of deal which will be less hurtful to both and pave the way for close ties . 
  how this would be achieved im not sure , but it is in the interests of both parties to ensure maximum cooperation to deter populist parties and the us/russia in dismantling the european union . 
  the uk also . 
  i think agreeing to meet the 2 % then not meeting it is the problem . 
  however for a country like germany with such a huge surplus i do n't see meeting 2 % as an issue, 
  regardless of what camerons intentions were , he gave a referendum to scotland , they voted to stay in the uk . 
  just because there are more chinese speakers that call norway whatever the fuck they call it does that mean what norwegians call it is wrong ? 
  ta da !, 
  falklands * edit : on a more constructive note , gibraltar and the falklands are n't asking for independence and im sure falklands won a referendum 98 % to stay with the uk . 
  we gave scotland their referendm , they chose to stay . 
  so not sure what your point is amigo, 
  i 'm no trump fan but this is petty . 
  imagine actually taking a day off work to protest against a foreign president . 
  nonces . 
  if we do n't sell to them im sure someone else will but i just wish we did n't . 
  i hate our support for turkey . 
  ca n't we just go back to writing poems about erdogan being a goat shagger ? 
  i 'm looking at you boris !, 
  imo when genocide takes place in countries , you ca n't just stand by and watch . 
  take iraq for example , many see it as a mistake , but my kurdish friends who lost family to saddam could n't be more thankful . 
  one thing removing a genocidal dictator but what comes after is another issue , thats where the problem generally lays . 
  we will use gibraltar !, 
  that did make me chuckle . 
  kudos p.s ( its true ), 
  aaaaaaand as a gesture of good will , we will let you keep all our chavs in magaluf , forever < 3 ly spain, 
  well thats negotiations sorted then, 
  this time we will conquer america using sarcasm !, 
  good to know, 
  you alright lad ? 
  you did call the uk idiots ? 
  i voted to remain in the eu . 
  however , the amount of anger directed at the uk is unnecessary . 
  uk funds have contributed to many upcoming economies in the eu . 
  divorces are ugly but its best if both parties end up stronger . 
  that too !, 
  thanks man, 
  i actually had both !, 
  delicious thank you, 
  i have to agree !, 
  if we all just had four seasons the way it should be everything would be fine . 
  having travelled several countries in europe this year , i have to say portuguese people were the friendliest , very warm . 
  just a quick question , on the beach front a lovely grandma had a ` snack shop ' where she made homemade dishes , i had something that was basically minced meat and rice - it was amazing , any idea what it may be called ? 
  i know this is a long throw haha !, 
  i believe it was about 19c on the day , i was literally soaking up as much of the sun as i could . 
  i have to admit though , mornings and night times were absolutely freezing . 
  staying in a villa not built for the winter - i was glad i brought jumpers with me !, 
  first time i spent christmas day abroad , felt surreal waking up on the 25th and it was ` hot ', 
  well it is true , i am taking the piss as the fella above pointed out , also how any positive news about the uk is downvoted and we are quickly reminded the obvious that brexit has n't happened, 
  but brexit hasnt happened yet !, 
  what i was trying to get across is that the hostility is n't as frequent ( on the streets ) as the media make it out to be , im not sure where you 're from but im sure you 'll have a lovely time in the uk if you visit . 
  the brexit referendum has given these douchebags the bollocks to be openly racist . 
  my initial comment was a reaction without reading the article because all i see is articles bashing the uk . 
  you get idiots in every country . 
  i ca n't say all germans are racist because of neo nazi biker gangs . 
  i can pull up a racist incident in germany too if you 'd like ? 
  fair enough , you got me there, 
  that 's still what we like to call bollocks, 
  bollocks , i 'm a british national - i clearly do n't look english but theres no hostility here . 
  i 'm from london - you may call that an anomaly but i currently live in the east midlands , i travel frequently through many cities and all is fine .
