  indeed , the current german society is very much anti-war & militarisation , it is scary to think that if the germans wanted to , they could easily turn into a military powerhouse . 
  not that its very much likely , but should russian aggression increase ( threats of nuclear attack ) , i like to believe france ( and the uk ) would easily defend germany & europe . 
  france has enough nukes to protect europe , but it will be unfair for only france to pay for the upkeep , maybe if the eu pools some money to help france maintain the nuclear fleet . 
  yes , from 2000-2016 . 
  it 's hard to make a judgement on chinese fdi from the past 8 months alone . 
  source : https://www.ft.com/content/79e3a2b2-d6f7-11e6-944b-e7eb37a6aa8e, 
  from my travels in europe i would say germans are quite welcoming and nice in general . 
  i 'd also say portuguese people are really nice too !, 
  there is still a lot of catching up to do to meet the same amount of chinese investment in the uk . 
  uk ranks 1st for chinese investment at 23.3 % of total eu fdi . 
  next is germany with 18.5 % . 
  gibraltar prefers to be british . 
  my city of london prefers to be in the eu too , does that mean london should become independent or join france ? 
  bros < 3, 
  you can guarantee that the erdogan internet army will be working night and day to outdo any criticism, 
  that 's cool . 
  what about vice versa ? 
  an american entering the uk ? 
  bilateral agreement , no ? 
  maybe this only applies to schengen countries ? 
  anyone know if this effects the uk-us visa waiver program ? 
  and then to get rid of the snake population , they can bring in honeybadgers, 
  you seem hurt that these ` little ' englanders have left your union ? 
  it 's ok , you can come back whenever , we have plenty of waiting jobs for you italians, 
  yes like those that predicted trump would n't win , that brexit would n't happen and that should leave win the uk would enter a recession . 
  - go fuck off edit : removed a little, 
  light hearted joke . 
  probably not correct , have not done french in years !, 
  i am proud of our intelligence services and police alike . 
  ` he referred to 12 such plots that had been foiled by police and intelligence agencies since june 2013 . ', 
  `` if you take the last three years in france , there have been 18 terrorist attacks , with over 130 people killed . 
  in germany there have been five . 
  in belgium five and in the uk not a single one . '' this shows the amount of hard work they put in behind the scenes , we are very lucky to have such a specialised sis , i am proud their funding has gone up . 
  everyone has their own reasons why they voted leave . 
  i voted for remain , i do n't want another referendum , we have been told lies from both sides of the campaign , but the professionals have constantly told us how everything goes to shit from here . 
  because of that i want the uk to show its big bollocks on the world stage and show that we 've done it without the eu for many years and we can continue to . 
  has parallels with the trump campaign , he kept stating the establishment was out to get him . 
  good guy eu ` all the passengers will be entitled to $ 600 ( # 515 ) under eu compensation rules ' * if it does n't make it under the time schedule, 
  you make some fair points and i do n't have much of a reply as i dont necessarily disagree with what you said so take this as my reply haha . 
  i do n't have a source for it , but i havent seen any news on anyone else get done for it . 
  im not a supporter of le pen but this seems politically motivated . 
  dont you think this is censorship ? 
  you are kurdish , you know how the turkish state clamps down and censors kurdish mps and journalists . 
  if demirtas was to post a picture of a guerilla being tied by the neck being dragged by a turkish army vehicle and was to get done for it for calling out state crimes would you accept that he loses his immunity ? 
  ( that picture was actually circulated im sure you 're aware ), 
  yes i was a little bit straightforward . 
  certain charges should mean losing immunity, 
  then this should be applied to everyone that does it , not just le pen, 
  this is my favourite one , the saudi ` prince ' said he accidentally tripped and his penis went inside the teen http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/millionaire-ehsan-abdulaziz-who-said-he-accidentally-tripped-and-penetrated-teen-is-cleared-of-rape-a6774946.html saudis are the most hypocritical scum of the earth , they believe they have such a superiority complex too . 
  you often see them in london believing they are all immune to the law , often speeding there gold plated sports cars in residential areas with a 30mph speed limit . 
  i love it when the metropolitan police pull them over . 
  im not religious but amen, 
  lots of gray areas indeed . 
  such things such as murder , rape etc should not be included in immunity but i guess a proper state would lift immunuity if such thing was easy to prove, 
  upto 3 years prison and i think 70k fine , she should be able to pay the fine with russian money quite easy, 
  i do agree with that part you 've added in . 
  what annoys me is how many saudi ` princes ' come to europe , cause a lot of shit but are immune to prosecution , this has happened way too many times ( rape in a hotel etc ), 
  then lets prosecute everyone ? 
  chances are these images were probably shown blurred on news channels too and many other social media users to answer your question , if i was in that position , i would not like my family members execution to be used to push an agenda . 
  but to get a possible jail sentence for it ... ? 
  i may get down-voted for this but what a ridiculous charge - however , no individual should be immune from prosecution in the first place, 
  no one said you could n't . 
  from the norwegians i 've met studying abroad that 's what they 've told me so its not a fact , many people.may have different opinions, 
  yes i am aware , i hope the turkish public vote no but erdogan generally seems to have his way one way or another . 
  what parties are against this ? 
  the terrible coup attempt really was a gift from god ( for him ), 
  i follow turkish politics as much as i can , i dont know the ins and outs but hasnt erdogan been doing this for a while anyway ? 
  he made davutoglu resign , he has declared state of emergancys , appointed ` trustees ' in favour of jailed hdp mayors , taken over opposition media ? 
  i will give this a read tomorrow , thank you, 
  do they just not want to change the system into one more like the us presidential one ? 
  i fear what erdogan will do with executive powers and then the one after him . 
  i 'll admit i dont really follow french politics and just made a comment based on the article title, 
  i assumed you were insinuating i was stereotyping thai people knowing muy thai , reddit on my phone is a little trickier to use, 
  go cry about it . 
  as if its a bad stereotype . 
  next time brits are called drunks on here in light hearted banter i expect you to step in, 
  i repeat again , i 'm not saying its so nice and everyone should commit a crime to get in there . 
  norways population is 5m , its a closed off society and they are generally well off . 
  there is no need to go to prison . 
  all i am saying is that their prisons are amongst the nicest in the world of prisons . 
  yes sure , you lose your freedom regardless , but at least you are comfortable in a nice prison instead of a shit one, 
  le pen will use this for her advantage , trump like . 
  will say that the establishment is out to get her, 
  i hope the government is competent enough to give these doctors guarantees , toying with peoples life is no joke . 
  however , we are talking about the tory government and the nhs so my hopes are not that high, 
  it stil applies today, 
  we can agree to disagree, 
  it helps to be a neutral state and have a dodgy banking sector with access to the eu market, 
  in an ideal world , a federation system makes the most sense for progress and to compete with countries with massive populations such as india/china etc. 
  however this is europe we are talking about , nationalism will arise from time to time . 
  european culture/values is very similar in many aspects however at the same time it is distinctly different country to country . 
  strong integration is needed , but maybe the idea of a federation system is too early . 
  maybe in the future when europeans see they are falling behind other countries will a federation seem the most obvious choice, 
  the population of norway is fairly well off due to their oil fund , they do not need to revert to crime . 
  i 'm not saying crime is rewarded , i 'm saying that the prison system is not a big deterrent like some other countries . 
  my sixth form college was close to his residence , you 'd often see him cycling , he is always ready to say hello , quite the jolly character, 
  norway has a population of 5 million and is a fairly closed off society , you would ' t expect a high crime rate at all, 
  sure , norway has its values , it helps rehabilitate some criminals to fit back into normal society again but an individual like him can never go back into norweigan society, 
  i agree , its still a prison as you lose your freedom of movement . 
  however , prison should be less attractive .
