  maybe possible in small towns and villages you may get some hostility but you can apply that to any country . 
  go on hammond lad, 
  i believe it became free sometime mid june or july ? 
  my friend got a pay as you go sim that offered like 20gb data and was fine with that abroad too !, 
  you should expect similar speeds , giffgaff uses o2s network afterall right ? 
  i 'm on vodafone contract and got 4g in the algarve . 
  sometimes 3g , but could still stream videos and browse, 
  do one , cunt, 
  travellers have mobile homes, 
  a lot of people like me ? 
  if im getting banned for spamming its because i post too many brexit articles . 
  just one look at my post history shows how uk centric i am , what agenda ? 
  is anything with a kurdish label so offensive to you guys ? 
  you must be insecure what i will admit , is that the source isnt a reputable one and obviously has bias , but that is down for the reader to dissect, 
  i must be a terrorist, 
  why do n't european boys like taking up fashion courses or nurse roles ? 
  nah its because ` strailians are too stupid to recognise the uk flag as a symbol for the english language, 
  lots of these workers have kids who are well settled , some will only speak english , its understandable they do n't want to move, 
  i 'd like netflix to create a tv series on this . 
  bangladeshi and pakistani 2nd and 3rd generation which many were my friends growing up in central london were one of the most committed students , many were aware of their parenrs hardship and now many of my asian friends went to top universities and are now lawyers , doctors and accountants, 
  the name wolfgang amuses me so much . 
  i wish names like duckgang and horsegang was as common, 
  lol, 
  french farmers go on strike against wolves, 
  a parking bay, 
  he 's being sarcastic , his union jack flair is his automatic / s, 
  the eu has it 's own problems but is the easiest scapegoat for a country to blame its problems on because it does n't react to false claims - if it did , it would be seen as too intrusive . 
  you 're in your own little world, 
  uk historically has a slow 1q as we all get fucked up over christmas and new years , 2q is slightly better but we always perform stronger in the final 2 quarters, 
  or 3 . nothing happens , life goes on, 
  of course , make everything about brexit . 
  you absolute tool, 
  turkey has had issues way before erdogan . 
  it is a common misconception that only erdogan has brought political turmoil to turkey . 
  if anything , he has developed the economy and put an end to military coups that seemed to happen every decade before him . 
  turkeys human right abuses are a century old thing , there 's lots of work to be done . 
  do you see turkey giving up cyprus ? 
  when turkey becomes a free and fair democracy only then should the eu even consider starting accession talks . 
  turkey is not compatible with european culture, 
  the last thing the eu needs is extending its borders to a fragile middle east . 
  that they 're not going for a hike , but to the supermarket , dressed like they 're going for a hike, 
  netanyahu outing the hypocrite erdogan . 
  yes of course you blame the farmer , but that lower minimum wage they are being paid is still higher than what they get at home which is why they accept to work at a cheaper rate . 
  migrants often share homes so its cheaper and save up money , some send it back home and some return home after enough has been saved . 
  a local will never work for below minimum wage . 
  it is the duty of the farmer to pay a fair wage ( maybe this is something local authority should enforce ) but also it is our jobs to educate the migrants of their rights and protect their rights so it is a level playing field . 
  i feel bad for migrant workers who do the hard graft work in factories/farms but are n't paid properly . 
  not someone who has an issue with migrant labour and i believe we need it but now those farmers can offer a decent wage instead of exploiting those unaware of their rights . 
  i find boris funny , love his comment about hilary . 
  at least the fella says whats actually on his mind, 
  my friend let me tell you why , about 100 years ago after the fall of the ottoman empire a turkish diplomat by the name of gul lible met french and british diplomats to carve up the ottoman empire , what we now know as fyrom , greeks believe all their ancient history ( feta cheese , halloumi , gyros ) stems from it and they call it macedonia ( as in a region ) but mr gul lible caved into slav demands and convinced the brits to give half of macedonia to the slav tribe and the other half is in greece , greeks do n't care too much about the land but more so the history of the name, 
  macron says france willing to strike syria macron cuts military spending, 
  yes , but acid attacks are also part of gang culture now too , wherher or not it stemmed from ethnic minorities comitting revenge attacks is another question . 
  we can ban knives , guns , acid , airsofts , baseball bats etc but we wo n't get anywhere unless we get severe with punishment for those obviously guilty, 
  can confirm , went to a resort in northetn majorca , predominantly germans . 
  i 'd wake up to see they have reserved sunbeds by 7am from the night before , would gladly throw them in a pile . 
  people who partake in such manner cant actually defend their actions . 
  especially if they do n't speak the same language as you , lol . 
  also , hotels with more tourists than beds need to sort it out . 
  went to a resort in fuerteventura this year , ample amount of beds !, 
  theodor herzl the founder of political zionism was born in the house beside the synagogue in 1860, 
  haha not my friends i was on the other side , i covered up their faces as maybe they told their gfs they are studying but are partying in budapest instead !, 
  budapest to split was the initial idea until i googled it and a big fat nooooope, 
  budapest to split was the initial idea until i googled it and a big fat nooooope, 
  three delays from vienna to budapest already , i think i may just take a flight out of here instead of a train !, 
  and there i was thinking to go to belgrade and montemegro , these trains need some good germoney investment, 
  electricity is gone at this station , damn you hungary !, 
  sure they do , if you 're a loud abnoxious ignorant tourist who only tries to get by with english edit : i will admit they are unnecessarily rude too . 
  just visiting at the moment , went to torino for kappafestival , bologna , florence by accident and venice . 
  off to vienna tonight, 
  many taxi boats seem quite modern , like speed boats but the gondolas are still around, 
  i must say to anyone visiting venice , get out of the tourist traps near the main station and head to areas with more ` locals ' cheaper prices , better food, 
  reminds me of a battlefield 1 map haha . 
  surely the whole border is n't like that !, 
  anyone with border knowledge how effective will this be ? 
  you do n't think people could easily sneak past ? 
  indeed . 
  this whole ` its not in the constitution ' fiasco is bollocks . 
  if a country is democratic enough and a whole region wants to seek self determination and has it 's own culture , language and history then it should be allowed . 
  i want catalonia to vote for independence , it will cause a nice shit storm . 
  i am tired of hearing about brexit now, 
  french fishermen in our waters is a privilege for them too, 
  what 's left to negotiate ? 
  the uk pays for the creation of fencing and what not . 
  i believe this fishing ` threat ' is a negotiation stance , such as the eu saying you lose such and such from leaving the eu then the uk can take what it owns i am looking at it from a neutral point of view , i am pro eu but saying the uk is acting recklessly is an overstatement, 
  has macron not already suggested changing the touquet agreement ? 
  lost on penalties to germany, 
  fptp needs to be binned but i did n't see this new far left cry out for it when in the 2015 general election , ukip secured over 3.8 million votes ( 12.6 % of the total ) , replacing the liberal democrats as the third most popular party , but only secured one seat . 
  liberal democrats had 2.4 m votes but secured 8 seats . 
  stop it microsoft, 
  he did make me shit myself haha . 
  thought i 'd actually have to be productive, 
  do n't celebrate too early !, 
  brexit still has a year and a half before i get auto-kicked, 
  you have been banned from posting to / r/europe . 
  you can contact the moderators regarding your ban by replying to this message . 
  warning : using others accounts to circumvent a subreddit ban is considered a violation of reddit 's site rules and can result in being banned from reddit entirely . 
  chinese culture puts an emphasis on luck , often they gamble to see how lucky they are . 
  china town in london has plenty of casinos and bookies, 
  tan your skin , grow a beard and attempt to rent a van ( gf must be wearing a niqab ),
