  according to savills , properties located within the same postcode as a waitrose outlet are on average 25 % more expensive than the average property in their county . '', 
  so europeans , does being close to any certain store in your country drive up the property price ? 
  edit : here are the locations of aldi and lidl stores for comparison : http://imgur.com/a/8qqz9, 
  you have a valid point there in regards to that migrant workers are n't as aware of their rights , i 'll give you that . 
  the smaller cheap pound shops you see owned by those from the sub continent and middle east tend to employ relatives or close friends . 
  the bigger pound shops ( poundworld/poundland ) from what i see generally have plenty of british workers . 
  however , those from bulgaria and romania that work more than 40 hours may have other external factors . 
  maybe their sole aim in the uk is to literally work as much as they can and save up/send money home . 
  me as an employer would too hire people who are willing to work more hours , it means less staff for me . 
  however , i can see how this would ` undercut ' the british worker . 
  some people that complain have genuine worries i agree , polish contractors for example that i have used sometimes get the job done quicker and cheaper , that would obviously undermine the british worker . 
  however , some people just use that line as a battering ram to attack migrants who had no intention of working the jobs that they complain about . 
  i believe in meritocracy and come from a traditional working class background myself , if the desire is there to do better you would n't be complaining about foreigners stealing jobs . 
  why can these foreigners get the job instead of locals in the first place ? 
  indeed , wish i could choose where my taxes went , definitely would n't go into her pockets . 
  you tend to hear that from the unqualified ignorant bunch of our society which unfortunately is getting louder due to brexit . 
  the jobs they complain about ` foruners ' stealing are jobs they would never do in their life time anyway . 
  you 're welcome back to london any time bro , take my job if you want too , you can have it < 3, 
  i do n't think anyone is going to accuse you of stealing anyone 's spot . 
  since the increase in tuition fees , the cap to the amount of students a university can accept has been lifted , meaning as long as someone meets the requirements they can generally get a place . 
  paella cluster bombs, 
  exactly what i said , the west needs to stop empowering them . 
  the saudis are a creation of british policy , if britain did not sell them weapons etc the french would ( they already do ) need a unanimous decision to embargo them but that would not happen . 
  the us and uk outsource their policy to the saudis , also to counter the iranian regime , a real shit show . 
  feel sorry for you pal, 
  going from an entertainment filled city to possibly an eastern european country whos own youth is leaving it . 
  if the ema or eba moves to a more developed economy then all should be fine . 
  saudi arabia actively funds the creation of mosques in poor countries and spreads its wahhabi ideology . 
  must be stopped . 
  it does indeed , but how do you do such thing without infringing privacy and human rights laws ? 
  i highly doubt it was a refugee . 
  definitely 2nd or 3rd generation , radicalized in the uk either through prison/mosques/online . 
  ` all other eu members would have to conclude that there had been such a breach -- setting a very high bar for action . 
  suspending voting rights is regarded as a `` nuclear option '' and has never been used . ', 
  with polands backing , i do n't see much of an outcome from the court proceedings . 
  poor kids having their childhood disrupted . 
  queue the europeans who will say ` remove any financial funding then to poland/hungary ' for not agreeing with the eu these two countries are merely exercising their rights . 
  home-grown terrorism is the bigger issue in most countries , so you just fuck off while i go get my hair cut from my local syrian barber and then i 'll get a big fat chicken tikka wrap from the local asian takeaway to spite you . 
  those stages you have on those pictures show solidarity and humanity , but friedrick , 19 , from vienna , thinks stopping refugees would of averted the 2004 spanish bombings and 2005 london bombings, 
  i second this , i can shit talk turkey as much as i want but in return i get people shit-talking the uk with plenty of thoughtful debate and discussion in between, 
  more people get admitted for alcohol abuse than weed . 
  you have a superiority complex because you do n't use ` illegal ' drugs and you do n't drink , you think it makes you better than the rest when in reality it just makes you a mug . 
  do n't make other people feel bad because they do n't share the same views as you . 
  illegal drugs because the government says so , although being used for medicinal purposes all over the globe including mdma . 
  you 'll never experience that feeling of being off your tits and looking around you and seeing your mates . 
  nothing against people who are anti-drug but people who wish to impose their views on others deserve fuck all respect , you 're like the anti abortion folk , if not worse . 
  my life is perfectly fine pal , i 've been using drugs recreationally since i was 18 and live a very comfortable life in london . 
  you 're stuck in the past . 
  i literally ca n't tell if you 're taking the piss , but go do one , wank stain, 
  and your thoughts on the binge drinking culture of our country ? 
  me choosing to smoke weed or do mdma at a festival is a bad choice ? 
  you can be against drug use but wanting others to be locked up for recreational use that does n't affect you directly or indirectly makes you a miserable bastard . 
  everybody makes their own choices , why does it bother you ? 
  goos move , i have always home tested when i 've used and managed to wield out two batches of dodgy pma, 
  indeed , we are the problem . 
  it is not the eus duty to raise awareness of its elections in member states , it is the duty of each country, 
  i 'm aware of that , just adding something indirectly linked, 
  you know , i ca n't recall a single year in which i remember the european elections took place, 
  everyone on this sub is pkk and i am a delusional backward minded ignorant turk , i am butthurt at the fact that my our army ( greatest in the world ) can not defeat a few lads in the mountain . 
  im also butthurt that ypg is growing and russia and usa does not allow me to strike them, 
  politico is the european daily mail, 
  turkish trolling is the worst , must be put down, 
  allies casualties : 300k kebab casualties : 250k, 
  selling his wursts for # 6.50 , this guy is nothing but a conartist complaining , increasing his lunch price to # 7.50 is ridiculous . 
  i eat at plenty of food markets in london that also sell bratwurst and i can eat for under # 5 . 
  i can get an indian , mexican , brazillian , turkish , lebanese near moorgate for # 5 . 
  if he was complaining about being a foreigner in a smaller city or town i could understand slightly , being a german in london , i highly doubt he 's getting racial abuse in the most diverse city in the world lol , london is like 45 % white british . 
  essentially moved out when i was 18 to univesity and then when i was 21 got my own place , not that i do n't enjoy living at home but having your own place is the best , independence is great . 
  ` the thing that 's wrong with the french is that they do n't have a word for entrepreneur ' - george w. bush, 
  lol the french do n't even have a word for entrepreneur, 
  lol, 
  brett mcgurk is an experienced envoy that is one of the very few who maintained his role after the change of administration . 
  go on turkey la , fook off, 
  buy an island and deport them there , maximum security , if found guilty let them rot , preferably an island with shite weather , destroy them mentally , guantanomo 2.0, 
  i 'll let my irish tenants know that im off to czechia then . 
  import some ukrainians, 
  let the shit storm commence, 
  i watched the graphic video online , you have these guys kicking and beating the shit out of protestors and the american police do nothing ? 
  literally nothing aside from trying to get into the middle of it . 
  foreign bodyguards beating up american nationals ... where 's the outrage ? 
  edit : not bodyguards , just turkish nonces with possibly diplomatic immunity , my old universities campus had beefier fellas than these poor excuse of men, 
  they got that one big fella who 's quite strong, 
  maybe the eu can work with the greek government to encourage companies to set up in greece . 
  heavily simplified yes , but the economy needs to be stimulated, 
  it 's sad to see a member of the european union whom of which contributed so much to human history suffering major economic issues . 
  easy to make jokes of but i read an article the other day of an old lady who 's pension goes mainly on rent and bills with barely anything left for food , relying on handouts . 
  i 've not really followed the greek crisis i must admit , i 'm not exactly financially savy either but you often hear about bailouts for greece but clearly this does n't seem to be working ? 
  maybe the answer lays in infrastructure and job creation . 
  awaiting comments regarding the uks ` childish behaviour ' blocking integration, 
  further diversification is needed south of lisbon as it 's heavily reliant on tourism pushing younger people towards the north and for some , out of the country, 
  donetsk , 5 min walk to center 2 . 
  anywhere 3 . 
  ideally permanently , but do n't mind 6 months, 
  ` we give you money so you must do what we tell you ', 
  go away sturgeon, 
  i wonder if the fella had chilli sauce and garlic sauce too, 
  that 's a shame , terrible outlets are n't native to one place only and london also has it 's fair share of bad kebab . 
  i probably visited the wrong places too . 
  if you are ever in london again i will recommend you and your friends a perfect place . 
  ( in north london ),
