  the sun scotland circulation : 224,298 the scottish daily mail : 91,519 you can bet your house that murdoch will go out full force . 
  you might possibly be the only irish man on here that i have seen not supporting sturgeon, 
  i am currently campaigning to get london to leave the uk , we voted to remain so we must leave the union and become independent . 
  it is a risk indeed but i read somewhere that in the previous referendum they wanted 16 year olds and eu nationals to vote too, 
  a new referendum is expected ; i hope unlike the eu referendum , we do n't get lies/propaganda from both sides and that there is honest debate to the problems scotland will face if they stay in the union and if they leave the union . 
  i wonder if westminster will allow eu nationals in scotland to vote , there are 115,000 eu nationals in scotland and those votes could make a significant difference . 
  edit : here is a link to powers that holyrood have and powers that westminster dictate , quite interesting for those unaware : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-20314150, 
  haha , that little shop with the dj . 
  i too went into there while studying in frankfurt ( i did study outside of frankfurt , probably closer to wiesbaden ) weirdest shop ever , people hanging out outside , geezer is selling jager bombs , dj decks on the go , household goods available and the weirdest toilet complex in the back of the store . 
  like a community tbfh, 
  the reason many countries have free healthcare and education etc is because of the security that the usa gives to its allies , should we live in another world where russia and friends were the dominant forces you 'd bet many countries would have to tone back such services in order to invest in military, 
  this has nothing to do with me . 
  i will be the first to admit that their is a negative view of romanians due to shit media . 
  if you are so comcerned with it , you should start a campaign . 
  yes they will never get more than 20 % but they are the only sane party . 
  thrkey needs peace and it wont be solved.militarily . 
  you have the hdp . 
  only sane party in the country . 
  its a shame they 've all been locked up for bullshit charges, 
  maybe this minister should look at south eastern turkey to know what inhuman treatment is . 
  got ta give credit to the romanians . 
  showing their government they 're not backing down . 
  translation : http://m.imgur.com/kuormqm that is what you call european solidarity, 
  why dont they like you ? 
  sure you can pick out a few bad apples but you can with any country . 
  the results were 48 % 52 % . 
  predominantly the older generation voted to leave . 
  i 'm from london and we voted to remain , so you like london too ? 
  maybe your guys anger is pointed at the rural areas . 
  it 's become petty but understandable . 
  there is a decent amount of turkish and kurdish people here in the uk . 
  but they are a long way from erdogan/akp/mhp supporting fanatics you see in continental europe . 
  it is true , the government already has a few deals in place with turkey . 
  one of the leave campaigns agendas was that if we stayed in the eu , we will be flooded by turks . 
  a few weeks after we voted to leave , uk government says to the eu to accept turkey , absolutely baffling . 
  same goes with saudi arabia , sell them many things but turn a blind eye . 
  ( although can apply this to france , germany etc ), 
  we are more than powerful to tell turkey to fuck off . 
  unfortunately our government does the opposite . 
  i would n't call them a friend , the uk has no friends , just interests . 
  i hope for a day when uk government tells the turks to fuck off . 
  of course its a two way street . 
  cutting funds is too obvious and looks bad on the eu . 
  eu can however , decide not to implement any further programmes or subsidies etc into poland . 
  see , its a very thin line between the two but the second option is n't taking anything away from them but still showing them that the eu can also play hardball, 
  cutting eu funds because they 're in disagreement ( exercising their right ) with the eu sounds incredibly authoritarian there are other ways to go about it . 
  i 'd like to thank the dutch government for standing up to a bunch of cunts . 
  yes ruled by westminster and the snp has no say , remind me if they have 59 mps or not ? 
  for a population of 5 million . 
  i personally think scotland will vote to remain . 
  secondly , i do n't think they will prosper but im no economist , no matter how much they ` prosper ' they will not be on our level . 
  maybe ni will reunify in x amount of years , but wales ? 
  ok . you talk about a fictious future in scotland prospering , what if the rest of the uk prospers after brexit ? 
  i guess we 'll both just have to sit back and see what happens . 
  yes agreed , they can run it into the shitter if they want , i would n't be particuarly bothered . 
  it will make me happy to finally see the scottish nationalists get a chance of independence , it will also make me laugh to see them suffer . 
  however , it 's not something i entirely want due to how intertwined both states are , many english people and scottish people have close relations . 
  many businesses and jobs between between both countries depend on each other ( scotland more than england ) . 
  a creation of a hard border and whatever will follow is not something i look forward to . 
  insane crazy banter !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 !!!!, 
  and brexit was not meant to happen , and trump was not meant to win . 
  i would n't jump the gun if i were you . 
  clickbait title corbyn actually said : '' the uk labour leader said he would be ` fine ' with a fresh vote on the question '', 
  not worth the debate . 
  there is acceptable arguments for both sides of the argument but the choice comes down to the scottish people . 
  im sorry for the past 10 years of your life . 
  i hope scotland get their independence , 
  if scotland want to leave , good riddance . 
  as long as its done the proper way . 
  what he actually said : ` the uk labour leader said he would be ` fine ' with a fresh vote on the question ' all he is saying is he does not oppose the idea . 
  anyway , cue the hardline european continentals acting like they 've always given a shit about scotland and not that they want to use it as a stick to beat the uk with, 
  spain would only veto if scotland declared independence without westminsters approval, 
  yes , lots of ` coulds ' and ` mays ' but the opposite can happen , angway the truth is germany has a strong framework so i doubt that any decent chancellor could wreck the country lets see what the future holds in store , all the best, 
  as a german is the choice not obvious ? 
  merkel brings stability and good economic growth, 
  ` king felipe and queen letizia are due to visit britain between 6 and 8 june at the invitation of queen elizabeth ' agent queen mother has had enough and has decided to take matters into her own hands, 
  i 'm beginning to think even the scottish electorate are getting bored of the snp, 
  you are a nonce , so much debate going on but all you 're ready to contribute is a cunty comment on an honest mistake, 
  if we takeaway the uks gdp , it puts a small dent into it - equal as of now . 
  however , it still proves my initial point , 28 countries are just about equal as 1 . 
  shows how strong the us really is, 
  yes i did , eu is 17 , us is 18tn according to the imf , do you feel better now ? 
  our gdp ( nominal ) including the uk , is not larger than that of the us . 
  regardless of us relations , the eu should always seek new trade ( although i imagine other countries will be seeking trade with the eu ), 
  i am just making debate , i have read on this sub people willing to align with china and start a trade war with the us because of what trump thinks of the eu, 
  exactly , we are 28 developed countries and our gdp is 13tn , the usa is like 17tn . 
  the last thing we need is to start going toe to toe on everything with the us , only act in defence , we should not be the agressor . 
  trump will come and go but the us will be our ally sure china will surpass the usa at one point but thats understandable with 1.5 billion people  does n't reflect quality of life though edit : big mistake with gdp assumption , i blame lack of coffee this morning !, 
  eu with uk 17 us 18tn, 
  europe does n't want a trade war with the us , hell , no one will want a trade war with the us . 
  i think sometimes people underestimate how powerful the usa actually is . 
  and to those people on this subreddit that want to allign with china ; the same country where you get fake apple stores , constant patent infringements , no respect and constant abuse of ip rights . 
  protectionism from the chinese government also exists for foreign companies looking to invest in china . 
  europe , china is not our friend , a business partner at best that we should keep at arms length i should add , should the usa start to impose certain taxes on the eu , by all means the eu has the right to retaliate , but the eu should not make the first move , only retaliate, 
  news flash : agencys set up to do shady shit , are doing shady shit . 
  yeah i believe so , when they are tourists . 
  maybe i was lucky in where i went, 
  it is a deterrent for foreign aggression . 
  france has the biggest military in the eu and should protect it unconditionally , with or without financial support, 
  2017 the year of the scandals,
