  all of this could be yours for just 77 murders !, 
  sign up today !, 
  this poor excuse of a man lives better than 60 % of the population - three cells - one for sleeping , one for studying , one for exercising - plus daily access to exercise yard - can play video games , watch tv and read newspapers - has a computer ( without internet access ) - can prepare his own food and do his own washing - has phone conversations with a `` female friend '' - contact with prison staff , lawyers , a priest , health professionals - built a gingerbread house as part of a prison competition source : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-35813470, 
  oh , he 's massacred 77 civilians , lets give him a comfortable retirement home so he can reflect on what he 's done, 
  you can say i went a little over the top , but at least he should n't receive such a luxurious prison cell . 
  in some instances yes , but their prison system is run for profit . 
  you get many people in there for years waiting for court on the 3 strike charge , such as being caught with a joint 3 times . 
  what a bollocks appeal , this cunt should be rotting in an overcrowded thai prison getting his shit kicked in by fellas who know muy thai this geezer has a 3 room cell , he should be in solitary confinement for the rest of his life , killing 77 people should mean you lose all human rights . 
  you get jailed journalists in worse conditions than this bald prick, 
  ` we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies . 
  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow . ', 
  - british prime minister , henry palmerston ( 1848 ), 
  the chart in the article says how many listings have had reductions ? 
  on the housing note , i own a flat in hackney , very close to the sillicon roundabout , when the tech cluster was first announced by cameron i received numerous letters from estate agents urgently seeking houses to rent/buy , price of the flat x3 within 5 years since i first bought it , from 200k to 600k . 
  i was worried that after brexit ( as the flat is also close to many financial businesses ) that the price would fall . 
  this has n't been the case in my situation , i still receive many calls and letters asking for rent/sale . 
  the problem lays in the outer boroughs . 
  david milliband should of taken over as leader instead of his brother , as much of a nice guy ed was and i still respect him , people tend to vote on someone who looks more like a ` leader ' . 
  david fulfilled that criteria that many people base their votes on, 
  due to brexit our hand dryers pump out cold air, 
  i know the answer for one of the co-princes due to a video by a much liked youtuber called cgpgrey , i 'd check him out !, 
  the guardian reports on many issues so i think your argument is invalid . 
  many news outlets have reverted to clickbaity titles along with their normal co tent and that 's because revenues for news agencys are falling fast , a quick read of the bottom of any guardian article will explain, 
  because people believe calling out islam for its faults is such a bad thing and they are scared to be labelled racist or whatever . 
  i will call out any religion , group , ethnicity when it is their own daughter mother or sister being sexually harrassed at a concert by a hoarde of muslim men who have n't integrated we will see how much they blindly support them i have nothing against multi-culturalism , i love my kebabs from my turks , my biryanis from my bengali restaurants . 
  my message is clear , integrate into the country/society you live in . 
  it 's not about losing your own church and religion . 
  it 's about losing your own culture . 
  many muslims do not integrate well , they stay within their own communities . 
  i can provide you many examples if you wish there is a school in my cousins area where it had to close for eid because the majority of kids are muslim and it wasnt worth opening the school for a few kids . 
  indians in the uk are a good example of integration . 
  i know everybody wants a video right ? 
  here it is https://twitter.com/dougiestew/status/835845404734414848?s=09 - #bagelgate, 
  germanistan 2050, 
  germany in fact handled the refugee crisis well in my opinion . 
  the refugee crisis was not merkels fault but she definitely helped clean up the mess . 
  andorra  hollande word 2 cgpgrey, 
  if brexit turns out to be successful i 'd like a similar design with may pointing the gun at europe, 
  regardless of the ethnicity the guy chose to run them over because of an argument , if the car wash workers were french i dont think there would be any different outcome . 
  you are acting as if british nationals get a free ride , what about anders breivik , he was labelled mentally insane not a terrorist you are the one being a xenophobe the pot calling the kettle black, 
  uk guaranteeing eu nationals rights first puts it at a disadvantage . 
  all this chit chatter is nonsense anyway , both sides will agree that each sides nationals can stay, 
  what an absolute wanker , hope he gets some serious time . 
  no need to bring ethnicity into it , causes unnecessary racial tension - but then again , it is from the scummiest newspaper same story from the bbc : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-39095841 no ethnicity in the title same story in the evening standard : http://www.standard.co.uk/news/crime/bellingham-crash-witnesses-describe-carnage-as-mercedes-plows-into-five-people-a3476341.html no ethnicity in the title, 
  you and me both are unsure of what will come after brexit . 
  if it is a prosperous journey they are more likely to stay . 
  any possible referendum imo should be done a few years after brexit has taken place , otherwise they risk a very uncertain future . 
  sure , the uk also faces an uncertain future but being a global power does help stabilise the hurdles . 
  the countries are extremely intertwined after hundreds of hears of the union . 
  the scots have 56 seats in parliament for a population of 5.2 m. 
  they are fairly represented, 
  you are basing your assumption on the judgement that scotlands economy will be stronger in the eu . 
  scotlands main trading partner is the uk . 
  the eu & uk do go full hard brexit and no deal comes from it , scotland votes for independence and by some miracle joins the eu . 
  lack of a trade deal will hurt scotland . 
  our perfect propaganda tool , will be sending them out to continental europe in order to get a favourable deal, 
  you only hear the voices of those who want independence , when the referendum is put into place you will hear the remainers starting to bark . 
  it is a decision as to whether the scottish want to be in a union with europe or england etc. 
  when they find out the facts of what is more beneficial to them they can make their decision, 
  i would laugh if scotland has a referendum , and votes to remain again , comedy gold, 
  i 'm assuming thats based on the brexit decision ? 
  worst case , drops to 6th , still a large economy no ? 
  best case scenario , stays 5th and makes progress . 
  the uk being the 5th biggest economy and military strength with great diplomacy will still maintain influence in the world . 
  you sound so optimistic with all these assumptions as if everyone is going to be so easy because the uk has left . 
  ` this will happen ' did you get picked on while you was living in the uk ? 
  it seems that you have nightmares ? 
  did someone stick a sausage role up your arse ? 
  you seem so butthurt, 
  i like trains, 
  if the population of northern ireland seeks reunification through a referendum , it should go ahead imo however it should n't be forced if there is no mutual agreement, 
  sure , but you must do it, 
  agreed . 
  if a russian spy was caught in the uk they 'd be dealt with appropriately . 
  what i wonder is , if a german/french spy was caught spying what would happen then ? 
  heres the video of man getting shot note : ca n't really see man getting shot , but decent video as it 's close enough and can hear gun shot https://twitter.com/holbornlolz/status/835539976418910208?s=09, 
  everyone spies on everyone . 
  im sure we were/are spying on merkel, 
  indeed , i live in north london and work in central . 
  no point taking my car everyday where i can top up my oyster and get to work in 15 minutes . 
  plus , parking in central london is a nightmare, 
  i think you misunderstood my comment , there are many benefits that come from the eu , which is why i said thanks to the influx of eu migrants . 
  that 's hard to say and neither you and me can say kt would or would n't be . 
  i know that london deals more with non european countries financially , thats a start . 
  so who knows ? 
  its in the perfect geographical location in terms of timezones to deal with both east and west , so my money is it would still be a financial powerhouse . 
  thanks to the influx of eu migrants , i too can have a apero at some chic locale in london . 
  i can then have a paella at my fav spanish restaurant . 
  maybe ill go for a bratwurst at a german market afterwards . 
  my bubble is perfectly comfortable , mate, 
  to an extent but context is required . 
  funny mate , im sure you want the uk to pay to build some decent infrastructure in romania . 
  the eu can not force the uk to pay that sum . 
  no deal no payment is a better result . 
  im sure germoney can make up the difference , they 're absolutely minted - or maybe other eu states can start pulling their weight instead of begging for handouts, 
  everyone can use an analogy to support their agenda say i tell my wife im paying for her gym membership for 5 years . 
  2 years in i leave her , im not going to keep paying for her membership, 
  what a wank analogy, 
  they are still used in iraq to this day . 
  they are often referred to as corporate warriors .
