  thats upto 7k outside london and 11k in london for rent and everyday costs !, 
  brilliant, 
  whats so fucking difficult , both sides guarantee status for each others citizens . 
  stop using lives as a bargaining chip, 
  angus robertson and alex salmond losing their seats to the tories says it all , the scottish public are clear , they do not want another independence referendum 21 seats lost was it ? 
  one carnival per year does n't cut it !, 
  what does the german people think ? 
  i assume the younger population are more acceptable of it ? 
  there is a large cypriot diaspora in london, 
  yes we hate id cards here , everyone usually carries a drived license but if you intend to become a german citizen or dutch does that mean you need an id card then ? 
  do you not need an id card in germany ? 
  which is exactly the same for people living in other eu countries no ? 
  the cut off date is yet to be agreed , my guess is a random date in the future, 
  if you 'd mix the knights event with the pugs , now we 're talking fun, 
  fun or germany pick one, 
  eu citizens here before the cut off date but not yet for five years can ` stay to build up their five year qualifying period ', 
  you are generalising the whole population because of a bunch of hooligans ? 
  you damn neo-nazi see what i did there ? 
  i agree , the eu is an easy scapegoat for countries to blame for its domestic issues as it does not necessarily react . 
  me disliking frankfurt is not being anti-german . 
  i lived & travelled in germany for a month last summer and it was rather enjoyable . 
  ` czech tycoon poised to be premier ' - this guy did not sign it , those before him believed in it , this guy does not . 
  of course , the story of this sub is to disregard anyones opinion from the uk by calling them a brexiter , i am a remainer . 
  off you go, 
  he means the combined % of votes for le pen and melenchon which equals about 40 % so maybe a few more others combined, 
  i do n't have an agenda . 
  you label me as a brexit hatemonger to disregard my opinion only for me to tell you i am actually pro-eu but i refuse to give shit to ee countries that want to maintain some sort of fiscal control . 
  as an individual a single market is great , a fast food worker has the same rights as a doctor to migrate to another member state . 
  for the country not so much . 
  poorer ee countries with smaller populations lose out regardless whether its a factory worker or skilled worker that migrates as the wages are higher elsewhere . 
  skilled workers being much more difficult to replace . 
  ee countries can not compete with western wages, 
  sure , they agreed to adopt it ` eventually ' but like everything with the eu it will take a long time . 
  for now , they want to be in control of their fiscal policy , why does it make you butthurt ? 
  what are you on about mate ? 
  how am i projecting hate ? 
  of course we 're involved in those markets but you do n't see us crying out if a country does n't want to adopt the euro . 
  i also mentioned france and germany as we are leaving , off you go mate . 
  the structural funds are in place to eliminate inequality amongst the eu . 
  all i see when an ee country rejects an eu policy is ` cut the funding !!, 
  if the structural funds are n't in place then anti eu sentiment would grow . 
  brain drain is also a huge issue for ee states as western europe is more attractive and as it 's much easier to migrate because of the single market , the ee country will need further support . 
  if you are n't prepared to prop up these countries you should vote for a party who is against eu expansion, 
  do n't act stupid . 
  to people who say ee countries only like the eu for its money fail to understand that it 's a two way street , ee countries being in the eu give german and french corporations another market to sell their products too , often undercutting local companies due to eos, 
  looks like the gherkin went on a 0 carb diet, 
  i am occupying their lands but can not ` take over ' their provinces . 
  offered them a deal for their trade which was rejected !, 
  cheeky, 
  just bought this game , have n't done the tutorials and have gone straight into a single player campaign , i may have already taken two loans but im 40k troops strong marching towards scotland . 
  once i get the hang of it i will join you guys !, 
  when 1000 jobs are at risk of leaving the uk its a major problem , when 18,000 jobs are at risk in germany suddenly it does n't matter too much and actual context is applied . 
  this sub needs more healthy discussion and less agendas against countries note : 18k jobs will not be lost, 
  the uk is not a counter balance to germany in the eu . 
  uk-germany is a counter balance to france-italy-spain . 
  indeed , bitter lot . 
  barbarians were also hired by kings and emperors to fight on behalf of them . 
  mercenaries go back a long way . 
  in the case of the uk , private companies were only initially used to maintain tanks etc , now they are embedded within . 
  indeed . 
  they kill innocent civilians on foreign lands but who do they answer to ? 
  lack of regulation, 
  i 'll check out what i can do with it and get back to you , its a research report . 
  i used the mod of the uk as a case study with mentions of the usa , how thatchers neoliberal policies encouraged the free market defence market and how blair carried it on & the implications of this . 
  just at work now but ill get back to you !, 
  must be a case of more anti london than pro frankfurt, 
  travelled germany last year , i must say frankfurt was the worse place i visited . 
  streets are filled with groups of men middle aged man hanging around , pickpocketing etc, 
  i submitted a foi request to the mod asking how many contractors are in use and the reply was ` just once ' . 
  the way the industry is set up , it 's like getting blood from a stone info wise, 
  pretty much . 
  in the case of the usa , when a high ranking official visits iraq for example , often the closest people protecting the official are private mercenaries . 
  all the best soldiers are mercenaries ( and the bloodthristy ones too ) mercenaries also often used to protect oil fields , heavy use of mercenaries good for gov as deaths not reported on the news, 
  will definitely prop up the local cocaine market too !, 
  i wrote a report a few years ago on the rise of private armies and ` security contractors ' and their increased role in operational roles . 
  you 'd be very surprised on how dodgy it all is !, 
  ` it will seek regulatory approval and find office space before transferring fewer than 100 employees from london to the city , according to the person ', 
  if the skys are really clear , i can see them from the top of the shard, 
  `` we 're not allowed to conclude any negotiations as long as we 're part of the eu , but of course we are allowed to scope out the future relationship that we will require as we do leave , '' mr fox told an audience at the select usa investment summit . '', 
  read beyond the headline next time . 
  if only the local population knew what the colours mean, 
  i thought my own country ( london ) would of been in the top 10 at least . 
  there 's a story that the royal mail correctly delivered a letter to the right person that was just addressed as : ` england ', 
  looks like a cheap sport brand logo, 
  saw a pic of man arrested , looks white to me . 
  edit : picture of man arrested https://ibb.co/nyjca5 excuse the non imgur link , could n't upload from mobile so used next host on google search, 
  you was standing up to protect a small park and happened to be standing next to two kurds , lets be honest . 
  i agree with some of your points but in order to get the pkk to lay down weapons , hdp has to speak on behalf of them . 
  they are not an invading force but one that has grown from within , i mean you have tried militarily but it has n't worked , its difficult to exterminate guerilla groups , just look at colombia and farc . 
  when the people are on the guerillas side it is even more difficult . 
  very simple solution is literally dialogue , get both sides on the table ( aside from tak ) can you imagine how powerful turkey could be without all these avoidable issues thats stemmed from within ? 
  make 15-20m of your population feel at home and not oppressed and who knows where your country could be , not label them ` mountain turks ', 
  agreed . 
  reddit turks behave like akp turks just with better knowledge of technology . 
  by western i meant those who live on the west coast , liberal chp voters . 
  quiet when others are being targeted by the akp gov but cry for help when its them . 
  the uk government ` hanged out ' with the ira in order to form the gfa , means nothing . 
  you want them to lay down arms but arrest them when they get into politics , its either through dialogue or when peoole are oppressed enough they will seek arms . 
  please do not tell me the kurds are n't oppressed either . 
  western turks outcry and protest when such thing happens to them , do n't say a word when it happens to kurds .
