  or if you do say a word , it would be ` terrorist ! ', 
  aka jailing of kurdish journalists / demirtas is ok because kurd = terrorist . 
  shock !, 
  chp recieve the treatment the kurds have been receiving for decades !, 
  recently abroad in the eu my 2gb inclusive roaming data ran out . 
  i gave vodafone a call ( who give me free calls and texts in the eu for the past 2 years ) and they gave me 30gb free until the official date of no charges . 
  vodafone used to be a crappy network but they have turned themselves around and seem ahead of the game !, 
  austrailian national team and fans held a minute silence for the victims of the london attacks but the saudi team did not respect the minutes silence and carried on their pre warm up , saudi fans also did not hold a minutes silence . 
  said that it is not ` in their culture to hold respect like that ' . 
  even though a saudi team held a minutes silence in a pre season friendly with barcelona . 
  david davis is probably the best option . 
  working class background , single parent raised . 
  hard worker through all the ranks , campaigns for civil liberties . 
  wise choice . 
  hammond would go for the softest brexit too imo , id take them both as a centrist . 
  of course , we have our own too , 
  illegally erected on national trust land , theres your answer, 
  it 's not like the government 's funded it themselves , if it was the other way around im sure you 'd be laughing . 
  ` fuck yourself ' jahahhaha, 
  not so much direct comparison , one being a carnival after all but the whole ` taking the piss out of someone/another country/a union ' , should of cleared it up a bit better bud . 
  before anyone gets mad at it , only a few months ago at the german carnival was there a may sculpture of her shooting herself with a brexit gun and continentals were saying its humour !, 
  so , see the funny side & do n't get mad . 
  yes , you only have to go to scotland indy posts and see the comments . 
  a majority of this sub demands scottish independence but when its catalonia , suddenly ` it 's not in the constitution ' something which could be changed if it was democratic enough . 
  a referendum should take place and put this issue to bed once and for all !, 
  edit : the same spain crew who cry that the scots are being opressed and demand independence for the scots !, 
  whom of which we gave a referendum to and will be giving another one in the future !, 
  catalans have the right to self determination . 
  as long as a clear majority wants it , which is what it looks like . 
  let him play no mans sky , that would surely be the worst punishment, 
  lol, 
  magaluf being the obvious spot . 
  i went to the north of the island , much quieter . 
  my hotel was full of germans , 
  crazy !, 
  parents bring their children on holiday in june even though they recieve a # 60 a fine as its cheaper than paying full price after school ends as tour operators inflate prices !, 
  i will be inter-railing starting from nl through de into italy , see you there  kappa festival !, 
  i have been last summer !, 
  insane . 
  i checked dates for july when school is over and it is like 600pp !, 
  ahhahahaha its allllllll about the # # # $ $ $, 
  i meant to say british architecture post ww2 was brutalist *, 
  not as bad as you think mate , renting a car and touring the island helps avoid obvious tourist british ` kareoke bars ' . 
  it 's how you approach it that counts . 
  little england here !, 
  much like most spanish resorts . 
  as frustrating as our tourists can be the spanish that i have met prefer the british tourists to the german ones , take that germans !, 
  they probably say the opposite to the germans though :(, 
  poor & populated city centres that have not been redeveloped ( a lot have ) tend to have very brutalist architecture built after the war . 
  smaller british towns and even ` nicer ' areas within the larger cities have much nicer houses that are much more beautiful , but that 's just me . 
  managed to book a last minute trip here for a week at a 4 * hotel with transfers & inflight food for # 180 !, 
  flexible individuals , do keep an eye out for last minute deals !, 
  booked saturday , travelled monday !, 
  i read it while browsing the internet , ill try dig it up for you, 
  turkey alters their tourism arrivals through the inclusion of migrants that use turkey as a transit route . 
  of course if you actually visit the resorts they are much emptier, 
  soviet era like imo, 
  8 minutes from 1st call to 3 dead jihadists , i salute the met, 
  definitely a great bunch , worked at their campus near old street , great atmosphere . 
  the media is about 80 % right wing in the uk . 
  lately they all blasted corbyn fkr meeting with gerry adams to find a peaceful solution in the past . 
  only that thatcher and subsequent tory leadership also held ` secretive meetings ' but that failed to make news . 
  if you look at the tory campaign it seems to be inspired from trumps campaign , checking their twitter alone , all it is , is attacks on corbyn , constant degrading of the man . 
  expecting a hung parliament . 
  conservatives have been complacent and underestimated corbyn , tory campaign has been a disaster , labour campaign has been much better . 
  may ca n't even debate corbyn and has decided to send rudd to tonights debate . 
  i must add that may was probably the best out of a horrible bunch after cameron resigned . 
  i ca n't wait to vote for no one . 
  will be voting for labour in the next ge , gallowboob must pay his fair share of karma tax . 
  the office of the northern rebels leader, 
  macron is the french blair . 
  wo n't think twice before starting another war . 
  ebuyer.com tech retailer based in uk, 
  fake . 
  where 's the bed for nap time ? 
  let me guess , hulk hogan is part irish, 
  hard to take it as a joke when it comes from him and everyones clapping as if it 's some sort of revolution . 
  if david davis was behaving the same way as him you 'd be saying how undiplomatic and immature it is, 
  but juncker said english is dying ( within the eu ? 
  ) , best start teaching these courses in french, 
  watching the videos its absolutely disgraceful behaviour from those bodyguards but what a disastrous reaction from the police . 
  i tell you what , the dutch handled their situation so well , embarrassed the so called body guards and showed up with armed police to show that they 're not fucking about . 
  let 's just hope some douche forgot his bag in the canteen with his flashing pen shining through the bag, 
  `` nothing says i live in one of the best places on earth than being protected by the fucking army in the streets . 
  pinnacle of civilisation right there '' - unnecessary dig on a post about a recent terrorist event . 
  then he commented `` imagine not being bombed in the streets '' in reply to my 235 euros comment, 
  i did n't say cappuccino i said latte, 
  imagine shit talking teenage girls being massacred at a concert proper wank stain, 
  imagine having a monthly wage of 235 euros, 
  imagine living in romania, 
  of course pal , my job is yours too , feel free to move down south and take it < 3, 
  fair points , not much to debate with there bar online shopping for groceries has imo taken the need for a local supermarket to not be as much of a priority . 
  hypothetically speaking , let 's say you have a nice neighbourhood , the whole shabang ; and a waitrose replaces a tesco - does that drive up property prices ? 
  those are not roads , they are cycle paths . 
  certainly , waitrose would not open up a store in say , blackpool , it 's not their target demographic . 
  it 's still interesting to visualise the north/south divide in the uk through the use of a supermarket chain . 
  waitrose however has opened up in several ` poorer ' areas in london that i have seen and has contributed to the gentrification of the area , driving up property prices . 
  you can understand the value of a property because of its proximity to other factors such as tube lines , major rail line networks and schools etc but a supermarket ... 
  i find that funny . 
  `` the waitrose effect on property prices has received considerable attention in the press .
