  you are not worth debating . 
  roboski didnt happen ? 
  lets deny everything !, 
  erodgan is great !, 
  no problems in turkey !, 
  kurds are terrorists !, 
  armenians are trying to make a armenian empire !, 
  and you my friend , will never see peace with a mentality like that . 
  i have several turkish and kurdish friends who i often speak to about current affairs in turkey . 
  that 's a good idea . 
  it is hard to destroy a guerilla force with a conventional army , the solution is to give rights , investment and equality to the kurds which in return will make fighting useless . 
  that is the plan , the whole country is going covert mi6 style , take back our colony !, 
  akp has done wonders for the turkish economy but you could argue this is a result of turgut ozals liberalisation policies . 
  it is true hdp/mhp would not be able to boost the economy and such . 
  the question i have is , how do you solve the kurdish issue ? 
  i do n't want to hear you say there is no kurdish issue just a terrorist issue , thats not true . 
  if that issue is resolved ( i 'm not saying give away land ) and turkey is unified , i believe turkey will grow to become a big power . 
  my point is that many economists and others make predictions with such a large timescale that something will eventually be true, 
  which is understandable , however it seems that under the current regime many things can make you ` connected to the pkk ' . 
  many academics who signed a petition to halt the violence and begin a peace process were also considered terrorists, 
  turkey will still be in the accession phase by 2050 * probably true *, 
  * sorts by controversial, 
  blasphemy , how dare you speak such logical sense, 
  greece will no longer be bankrupt by 2050 go, 
  britain will have biggest economy in europe by 2050 britain will have worst economy in europe by 2050 if you throw enough mud , some will stick, 
  no offence taken , have a good day !, 
  if that 's how you see it why are you arguing with me on how i see it ? 
  britain is part of yurop , britain is not a part of yurop yunion, 
  getting rid of erdogan is not the only solution to turkey . 
  i like the look of demirtas , i feel like he could be the perfect pm/president for turkey . 
  too bad he 's in jail for being co-chair of an opposition party . 
  the older generation have probably seen enough violence to last a life time, 
  a second chance as if being in the eu is a matter of life or death, 
  everytime the shit hits the fan sturgeon is barking . 
  they will wait and see how the uk performs outside of the eu . 
  if we do well you will not hear of a referendum , if we have an economic blip you will hear cries for independence , as if they can go it alone . 
  i do agree . 
  nasty divorce, 
  some europeans on here are just salty , the moment something comes up which may be negative towards the uk they are ready to jump on the bandwagon and demand independence for the scots !, 
  thank you , it 's like with scottish independence its a stick to try hit england with , like we really do n't care . 
  if they decide to go independent it 's not going to be easy . 
  if ni and scotland decide to go independent , its less money the central government have to give to those regions at the end of the day , may benefit us more . 
  but hey , if they decide to stay with us , then we 'll carry on like we have been for the past 300 years . 
  i think if it did come to scottish independence we would recognise it . 
  if lets say , cornwall declared independence , we 'd laugh it off, 
  there are no ethnic tensions here, 
  circlejerk about scotland on here is funny . 
  and they are welcome to my great city , they contribute a lot . 
  many companies based in london hire bilingual people . 
  after we leave the single market , if these people were to still apply , i 'm sure they 'd be granted a right to work visa, 
  the most popular british destination is spain which consists entirely of retirees spending their pension . 
  you could argue most eu nationals work in the uk than vice versa, 
  and according to the same source there are 3.3 m eu nationals in the uk . 
  this is the reason ` leave ' voters voted to leave sidenote : i do not have an issue with the amount of eu nationals in the uk , i am merely debating the ` leave ' viewpoint which was heavily influenced by shite media, 
  indeed , a hard border will cause many troubles in an area that has seen enough to last a life time . 
  i 'm not sure what the solution would be , but bringing a hard border will do more harm than good . 
  if scotland also leaves and happens to join the eu , that also will be another issue . 
  the cta out dates the eu , hopefully that 'll stay, 
  the reason why many in the uk do not like free movement is because not many british nationals go to europe to work or live . 
  correct . 
  which is why this is all such a shit show . 
  we 're in a good position in the single market already , our financial sector is n't as regulated as our european counterparts and eu regulations on stuff such as food is very good imo . 
  i personally do n't know what will happen , this is all speculation . 
  it does make politics a tad bit more interesting though !, 
  i understand paying to access the single market , but along with that comes free movement of people ( which is the # 1 reason for why leave won ) . 
  i understand that in the eu those two principles go hand in hand . 
  although the leave voters were mainly old cripples and people from poorer areas received the most development money from the eu . 
  bad choice of words there from me , the eu is set on their 4 principles ( can not really argue against this , it is their values ) the uk stating they are ready for the ` hard ' route helps them at the negotiation table . 
  scotland wants to remain in the single market , the uk does too , however the eu are clear with their demands . 
  it would mean adapting a norway like model , which still pays into the eu budget but has no say , in this case , there would be no point in leaving at all . 
  public demands by sturgeon regarding brexit puts the uk in a difficult/vulnerable position regarding negotiation talks with the eu . 
  shut up sturgeon and do it behind closed doors . 
  as is likely ? 
  some days i see articles that say brexit is the end of the uk 's economy and some days its a blessing , truth is , no one knows . 
  what 's to say scotland will be better off economically outside of the union ? 
  its all a guessing game and time will only tell, 
  goodluck getting another referendum , if the scots want to be independent then so be it . 
  personally , i can not see another referendum for a long time, 
  what does my opinion and holyroods opinion have in common ? 
  neither of our opinions matter, 
  not sure why some americans are obsessed with the eu . 
  just a bunch of countries being buddies similar to how all the states decided to become one, 
  their highest transfer fee is 12m ? 
  # no one knows what will happen, 
  technically , rb leipzig are following the rules . 
  the hatred only comes from their success . 
  they are n't exactly splashing 40m euros on players , they 're exciting to watch and the teams around them are just jealous . 
  the whole league just feeds bayern anyway . 
  you 've completely miscalculated this one, 
  if trump was to give a speech in the parliament http://www.imgur.com/a/nrgqw, 
  everyone and even the government is well aware of saudi arabia 's actions . 
  it 's just a case of maintaining some sort of influence and making money while at it . 
  i think as times change sa will get a good bollocking . 
  they promote their wahhabism ideology throughout the poorest parts of the world , setting up mosques and brainwashing the vulnerable . 
  they punish tourists because of sharia law but ` their ' princes continuously break it themselves while in europe . 
  i 'm all for letting saudi arabia and iran scrap it out in the persian gulf , no allies , strictly 1 v 1 . 
  seeing saudi arabia 's ` army ' get a battering in yemen does n't give me much confidence . 
  fair enough buddy, 
  agreed . 
  only problem is maintaining influence in the region .
