  depends how you define developed within the eu . 
  the uk is home to many start ups which began in the uk because of government initiatives to give the industry a boost . 
  tech clusters in london , an ever growing industry in manchester and even in the north ~ ~ west ~ ~ east . 
  the uk is host to at least 17 tech companies worth more than $ 1bn , sweden has 6 , germany has 4 and france 3 . 
  you are comparing the uk to the only super power , of course we ca n't offer more which is why i repeat its a personal preference , sure they will get paid more in sf but the pay is relative to the living costs . 
  since you 're being pedantic we can offer them sausage rolls for 80 pence . 
  similar culture , aus , nz and canada have developed economies ? 
  since you edited your comment : biggest tech industry in europe is a start . 
  the us is the biggest pull of course , we ca n't compete with them . 
  but when it comes to the finer details everyone has their own personal preference . 
  a longer burecratic process indeed , but if salaries are attractive enough it should n't be a major issue . 
  foreign talent is abundance especially from developing countries, 
  that 's a choice of personal preference . 
  moving to the uk as a skilled european means you are closer to home , do n't have to worry about getting shot by the police either and a better transport system to name a few . 
  fom is fine between western europe because there is no major urge to migrate . 
  the economic situation in ee is the dominant reason why they move to the west . 
  this causes enormous brain drain for the ee countries and inhibits their growth as a society and economy . 
  if i was in a poorer country in the eu and had the ability to move , i too would . 
  looking at the bigger picture fom is harming the fragile economies of europe . 
  i am against ending fom but controlled immigration can still work . 
  usa still attracts highly skilled workers and so does austrailia in a sense . 
  i am sure a visa waiver programme will be able for those seeking leisure travel . 
  ending fom does not mean the uk is no longer an attractive destination , albeit some extra paperwork . 
  edit : i would like to add that getting a workers visa is not that difficult , many turkish nationals get workers visa every year to the uk even as simple as setting up your own window cleaning business google ; ankara agreement, 
  rebel settler re-pledges allegiance, 
  nice picture !, 
  i plan on doing a road trip in norway too over summer !, 
  cnn treating the news like it 's some sort of sports show . 
  random fellas just shouting at each other with a panel of people judging their performance . 
  even the banter is shite, 
  just a banter battleground in all honesty, 
  indeed . 
  some things just need a collective human effort regardless of country/trade blocs, 
  do us a favour france and just drink the wine, 
  another nothing article . 
  article says how the eu has paid a few million towards cleaning up and maintaining former nuclear sites failing to acknowledge it 's probably our own money in the first place , after we leave the eu it does n't mean we 're gon na let this radioactive shit spread . 
  ( or so i hope ! ), 
  you just call me a think pig shit right winger because of what you assumed my views were , do me a favour and grow up . 
  i do n't care about the fact that there views are different to mine , if it 's too complicated for you to answer maybe you 're 12, 
  i 'm not a right winger , i still do n't like the sub . 
  unfortunately your spanish overlords do not give you the right to vote for self rule, 
  i wonder what internet points are worth these days , i seem to be losing a few !, 
  i come from a traditionally left leaning family but even that does n't stop me from being ignorant for the bigger picture here at stake . 
  i guess as they age they will be able to formulate their own opinions . 
  the far left type who are so anti-right that they have more in common than they think . 
  or the far left type who are anti-capitalist while sending tweets from their macbook pro in a local starbucks studying an arts degree while their own parents fund it all . 
  when i was new to reddit i was browsing that sub and could n't quite get my head around it , im going to assume the main demographic in that forum is under 21 , just reading the comments on there gave me aids, 
  the good days . 
  at least with david the murdoch media ca n't take the piss out of his facial expressions . 
  david milliband needs to be the leader of the labour party in order to mount a serious challenge . 
  theresa may : jet fuel cant melt steel beams, 
  one of my favourites, 
  thank you !, 
  when there 's a fella with an ak47 going into polling booths with voters it does n't take much intelligence to come to a conclusion that the referendum was n't exactly fair and legitimate, 
  ` listen guys , we have buried our ~ ~ fishermen ~ ~ soldiers for hundreds of years in your graveyards in ~ ~ scotland and england ~ ~ continental europe . 
  now you come and tell us we are not allowed to go ~ ~ into the herring grounds ? ~ ~ and live where we want , is that what you are trying to tell us ? ''' / s, 
  leeds brighton london manchester take ya pick, 
  i think it looks quite cool . 
  better quality pic : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angel_of_the_north#/media/file:angel_of_the_north_2-10-14.png just thought this one puts it into perspective, 
  haha !, 
  if i find anything ill pm you, 
  that is a drawback indeed , universities are trying to attract some more international students so some tuition fee waivers and bursaries are available, 
  plenty of turkish/kurdish/cypriot diaspora here with a similar mindset of yours , i believe there 's an agreement between the uk and turkey . 
  good universities too . 
  if you are based in london , i can recommend you some of the best kebab shops you 'll ever go to !, 
  this is better , select by country https://www.dailysabah.com/election/turkey-2017-referendum, 
  i hope this helps https://twitter.com/bram_vdp/status/853643013050044417, 
  good campaign idea . 
  i need some enlightenment . 
  while in frankfurt near the ecb , i was waiting to cross the road at the lights , look left , look right , clear , look left and right again and no cars for miles but the light is still red , i then crossed the road and everyone behind me looked so disappointed ? 
  they were all waiting for the green man what is it like in your country ? 
  even if its clear must you wait for it to be green ? 
  i am so used to crossing the road green or red , wiggling through cars , the lot, 
  only 15 % voted yes in the uk . 
  reasons being that a different demographic emigrated here , not so much the guest workers germany has . 
  large amount of alevis , kurds , secular turks and turkish cypriots here , plus not many even voted overall in comparison to the general elections edit : turkish politicians do not even attempt to rally here , would get hounded out, 
  its a win win for those getting the passport , i should 've been more clear, 
  win win for those who get an irish passport as they maintain their uk passport . 
  i assume the irish passports is to safeguard and guarantee fom not to actually settle in ireland . 
  but i see your point . 
  who are probably descendants of irish migrants anyway , if the opportunity was there for me to apply for one , why not ? 
  win win situation, 
  he did indeed . 
  take a look at @guyverhofstadt 's tweet : https://twitter.com/guyverhofstadt/status/853140838662021120?s=09, 
  the issue is its not only syrian refugees which is acceptable considering their situation . 
  we now have the situation being hijacked by economic migrants . 
  italy and greece needs more help . 
  `` remember me and smile , for it 's better to forget than to remember me and cry . '', 
  you are a good man, 
  just a terrible joke, 
  i am being pedantic here yes . 
  eu has brought peace as countries are tied together economically, 
  yes but guy said continent so his point still stands, 
  you intertwine any two or more countries economically and they are less likely to go to war . 
  us/china an example, 
  possibly so . 
  however , ( this is anecdotal ) i know of people who have acquired a bulgarian passport and then made their way to the uk . 
  the issue lays that the external borders are not protected enough . 
  someone who gets a passport through a fake asylum claim can then settle anywhere in the eu . 
  edit : after some research , i think i may be wrong here ( not sure how it really works , i have spoken to people who have ` bought ' a passport ',
