any source on that ? 
  it would be a folly to think there 's no nationalism involved in this kind of separatism . 
  nationalism is n't defined by whether or not a movement is opposed to a larger state . 
  nationalist resurgence ? 
  check . 
  former imperial state seeking to restore it 's old borders through aggressive expansion ? 
  check . 
  economic instability since a market crash a few years previously ? 
  check . 
  let 's get the war started lads . 
  moving the goalposts over , and over , and over . 
  `` answer me this question . 
  no , i meant this question . 
  no , this question . 
  tell me something from the book . 
  you did ? 
  oh sorry , i wanted a direct quote . '', 
  providing you the citation is providing you with a reference to the text . 
  i 've done that . 
  if it 's good enough for a university , it 's good enough for you . 
  now stop splitting hairs , stalling or worming . 
  either go and read it or do n't . 
  but if you do n't , you 're just confirming to everyone that you do n't give a fuck about research , and only want to read something which confirms your view of `` the blacks ca n't do anything for themselves '' . 
  i now consider this discussion over , but i 'll expect you 'll stick in another request or a last word so you can feel like you 've won . 
  guys like you have to feel like they 've won . 
  and in order for you to criticise that assertion , you would need to have read the bible , right ? 
  but , yet , it 's not what i 'm doing . 
  i already explained to you that many of my points that i have already made are detailed at greater length in that book , which in turn cite further sources from archaeological and anthropological studies , unlike the bible , which says `` because god '' . 
  do you also think that academic papers which cite the sources for their claims are the same as citing the bible too ? 
  so either stop making excuses and educate yourself , or do nothing and admit you 're doing your best to remain willingly ignorant to information that might actually prove you wrong . 
  no-one called you a fucking nazi you self-persecuting twat . 
   makes a point  has dozens of posts written to him explaining why his statements are wrong  rejects all the reasoning or changes the subject when someone explains something he ca n't respond to  bitches about how nothing was explained and how people give up trying to talk to him about the subject now you 're complaining because someone has given you a source and expects you to read it if you want to check their validity . 
  many of the points i have made repeatedly about farming , agriculture , language , writing and the like can be verified by that book . 
  if you 're not going to take the time to read it , then you have nothing more to say , because you ca n't ask the person making an assertion to fact check it for you if you doubt their sincerity . 
  that 's what references are for : they allow you to fact check yourself . 
  this has stopped being about any factual issue and is now instead about your persecution complex about how `` no-one will help me understand and they just called me names , but it does n't matter because i 've been right all along anyway '' . 
  if you 're not wanting to learn , and instead are wanting to preach , go to stormfront . 
  many people have tried to explain to you , in simple terms , why your understanding of history is flawed . 
  all you did was disagree and change subjects . 
  i can do nothing more but recommend you read upon the subject , and in this case , i have provided you reading . 
  people can only learn if they will themselves to , and you are n't going to believe any assertion i make , so : read . 
  goodbye . 
  why do n't you read it , and then give me a quiz ? 
  i am very confident that this one book has more knowledge on the subject we 're talking about than you do , yes . 
  you can google it if you want a summary . 
  i know that the explanations i 've provided are based from anthropological research - yours however are based from a snap assessment of the incredibly difficult topic of international development . 
  i 'm also not going to go and grab the references from dozens of different books because i 'm not writing a dissertation for your benefit . 
  you can simply google my evidence to fact-check if you wish , for this is the age we live in . 
  look at the research done by walter rothschild , 2nd baron rothschild for that information upon the zebra . 
  unsurprisingly , people from the 19th century have had the same thoughts as you about domestication . 
  guns , germs and steel goes into a lot of detail about climate and agriculture . 
  i feel you will be satisfied by it for those types of questions . 
  `` built cities for them '' . 
  yes , there 's how it worked . 
  read guns , germs and steel by jared diamond , then we 'll talk . 
  if you answer with `` guns , germs and steel is a fraud '' then we 're done here . 
  sorry , you must have looked at the evidence and dismissed it . 
  the colonial era and the industrial revolution respectively quite accurately explains both the development of europe and the lack of development in africa . 
  infrastructure and bureaucracy simply were not provided after the colonial powers left - people have already explained this to you . 
  why do i have to repeat myself ? 
  all this is , is you saying `` that does n't explain it '' when it does - there is a large amount of consensus among academics from multiple backgrounds for this one . 
  you chose to ignore that in favour of suggesting that african nations received a tonne of free everything for being enslaved and exploited and should in fact not show any damage from those years - the fact that they are running behind the pack is evidence of their laziness , not their exploitation . 
  if you do n't want to accept the evidence , then please , admit that and leave me in peace . 
  refusing to respond to a question someone asks you and changing the subject is n't a `` style of argumentation '' , it 's avoidance for someone who will do as much mental gymnastics as possible to retain their original position on the subject rather than accept any of the explanations given to them . 
  you 've had plenty of chances to educate yourself on this matter . 
  but you still want to believe that africa is a continent of degenerates who need to be supported by the more enlightened folk of the world , such is the white man 's burden . 
  at least we tried . 
  changing the subject again . 
  now we 've gone from questions of developmental origins to you having a rant about whether or not african states are pulling their weight on the world stage . 
  can you stick to a subject please , and actually answer the questions issued to you , instead of flipping to a new subject every time you ca n't come up with a cogent response ? 
  people have already explained to you that colonialism did no favours for the african economy . 
  now you 're acting like they should have uh ... `` caught up '' ? 
  given the disparity in income and development in these areas , it 's fucking stupid to think that would even be possible , let alone expected . 
  people have already explained to you both reasons : you tried to state that colonialism was beneficial . 
  people showed you that you were wrong . 
  you tried to assert that the cultural traditions of africa lacked the ability to develop cities and grand civic organizations . 
  you were shown to be wrong . 
  so now you 've changed the subject again , and moved to : `` but what about now ? '', 
  if you are n't capable of figuring out the answer for yourself now , after having so much explained to you regarding the impact of colonialism by users other than myself , then i must assume you are incapable of doing so , based on your own maxim - `` those that did not , could not . '', 
  it 's either that or continue to face you trundle out another irrelevant bleat about how lazy and stupid africans are every time someone gives you answers on another subject . 
  as others have said - this is n't a debate . 
  this is you yelling and me giving you answers because you 've failed to try and educate yourself . 
  excuse me , what ? 
  why exactly are you comparing historical stereotypes of african people to a small cabal of international scientists from the 1940s ? 
  is that supposed to prove something ? 
  or shall i make the same point that you 're trying to make by comparing saxons living in huts made from sticks and goat shit to the grand gold-mining operations of the shona and their impressive cities ? 
  you are n't even listening to my opinion . 
  you 've suddenly backed out from a conversation about the historical genesis of given cultural practices and social formations , and begun to talk about `` dem fuckin ' grass skirt niggers ca n't make no atom bomb '' . 
  you 're also trying to compare the development of societies when they have different levels of access to given resources , and started their civic development due to settled agriculture in completely different time periods , which is like me asking why the french never made anything out of bamboo in the 11th century , or asking why the british tribes did n't start writing at the same time as the greeks , given that the greeks were exposed to the diffusion from sumeria a thousand years earlier . 
  again , why is it fine when europeans take advantage of cultural diffusion , but evidence of racial inferiority when africans do so ? 
  not that there is any evidence of the indian ocean trade links reaching as far south or as far inland as great zimbabwe during the 11th century . 
  except it does n't indicate a primitive culture . 
  there is no use for a written language in hunter-gatherer societies - written language is generally the product of cities and agricultural societies because of the need to document massed stored food materials . 
  it is almost entirely created for administrative purposes , nothing more . 
  it would be counter-productive to invest time into writing when it provides your society with no material benefit . 
  secondly , it would be an equal waste of resources to construct shelters out of anything valuable because nomadic lifestyle reaps no benefits from a permanent settlement . 
  earlier forms of agricultural practice in more southern areas of africa were that of pastoralism - nomadic cattle herding . 
  it also made no sense to establish permanent settlements in this circumstance either , when a static house could very well doom your herd and your chances of survival when they outstrip their food supply . 
  those that were n't nomadic , you 've dismissed as `` spears and feathers '' , because apparently , they should have been doing something different , like ... ? 
  then , finally , no contemporary anthropologist recognises such a thing as a `` primitive '' culture .
