you 're really overestimating the polish contribution to the iraq war . 
  they did very little in comparison to the us and uk . 
  they made it easier for the us to act like they were part of a coalition rather than going to war alone . 
  remember the `` old europe '' rhetoric ? 
  that would n't have worked without poland 's collaboration . 
   look at it from a darwinian perspective . 
  we are the only species to `` suffer '' from homophobia , darwinian evolution appears to be indifferent toward homosexuality . 
  this thread is n't at the top of / r/europe because everyone thinks it 's alright to pay people 23p an hour . 
  you will always get contrarian voices in the comments , that 's just how people are . 
  not to dispute that / r/europe leans to the right , but calling them `` extremists '' might be a little too much ... 
   you do n't make any argument worth responding to . 
  apparently i made at least one !, 
  that link is staying blue , somehow i doubt that an organization called `` doctors opposing circumcision '' would be entirely unbiased on the medical consensus concerning said circumcision . 
   saying that 's anti-muslim is ignorant as fuck dude . 
   because its ** also ** anti [ ... ] ... what ? 
  would you rather i accuse them of being anti-semitic as well ? 
  they 're a `` muslim-skeptic '' party and the fact that they want to ban circumcision fits into that . 
  where is your problem with that statement ? 
  you 're not even replying to my post , this is just some copy & paste rehashed nonsense . 
  i 'm not going to spend the effort of responding to your argument if you do n't spend any effort in making it . 
   circumcision of underaged persons obviously should be banned . 
  i do n't see any ground for debate here . 
  really ? 
  this is a change that is extremely unlikely to happen anytime soon or ever and you 're acting like it 's a done deal and no argument could be made against it ? 
  how delusional can you be ? 
  disallowing circumcision essentially prevents these people from following their religion , it 's a massive reach into their lives . 
  the government does n't make a determination which religion is right or whether god exists , it 's not up to them to decide the validity of a religious procedure . 
  yes it is a breach of the child 's rights , sometimes basic rights collide and you have to make a decision which outweighs the other . 
  it 's a fairly benign procedure and the current medical consensus is that it has more pros than cons . 
  my parents had my tonsils removed and they corrected my teeth , which was rather painful for a while and certainly a permanent change , should that be banned too until the child is 18 ? 
  your parents will leave their mark on you , one way or another , in this case it happens to be physical , but they are all permanent . 
  there is some protection against the whims of the parents , for instance by disallowing home schooling , but in this case the rights of the parents and their religious freedom outweighs the right to bodily integrity . 
  you can make an argument that it should n't be so , but to act like there can be no argument is ridiculous . 
  they 're not far right because they demand a ban of circumcision , but it fits into the anti-muslim rhetoric . 
  you 're just stating how you 'd like things to be without actually making any sort of argument . 
  the reason why juveniles are judged differently than adults is n't because we 're being oh so nice to them , it 's because juveniles are still undergoing significant changes in all aspects of their lives , including their character and personality . 
  the most fucked up cruel animal abuser kid can become a well adjusted adult , kids who bullied others in school can become nice people etc. 
  having surveillance programs = monitor every single step ? 
  this is the funny point where `` the government is incompetent '' and `` the government is evil '' overlap and apparently the latter trumps the former ? 
  when they appear to be only competent when working against you , your view may be inconsistent . 
  in any case , it 's ridiculously easy to disappear in germany , you can simply move to another town and the state will never find out until you tell them , which you will need to do if you want to vote , have a job etc. 
   no , it 's not . 
  they have absolutely no right to enter germany without having a visum . 
  and they have absolutely no right to apply for asylum if not in germany . 
  and have absolutely no right to get a visum . 
  i ca n't put it into more candid terms than `` that 's not true '' . 
   of course you do , you demand us to accept four million migrants . 
  show me where i demand that , i 'll wait . 
   do n't evade the question . 
  the shit i have to deal with ... 
  i never said nor implied that i `` want to let in four milliong more hartzers '' , do n't put words in my mouth . 
  and i do n't really get what you 're trying to say about our laws , are you suggesting that we simply do n't give them the opportunity to apply for asylum once they reach our border ? 
  because that is most certainly against our laws . 
  we all pay for our obligations . 
  as long as the law says that each applicant has to be processed individually we all pay for doing just that . 
  you can vote for a party that may want to change that law , if you want . 
  it 's quoting a figure from another article citing an interview in another language and the article itself appears biased ( `` die grenzen werden nicht geschlossen , da die kanzlerin weiterhin auf einen unkontrollierten migrantenzuzug besteht . '' ) . 
  not as reliable as i 'd like , but even then 40 % does n't seem like such a low figure , does it ? 
  the article is wrong by the way , we could n't turn away people at the border even if we had one , our laws demand that we check each asylum claim individually as well as we can , and it 's not * that * difficult to send people back to where they came from , we do it all the time . 
  i 'm quoting what you said . 
  you said `` they keep calling * all * incoming people refugees '' , which , by the way , they do n't , and then you said `` even though they obviously are n't '' . 
  now , i 'm no english major , but i 'm pretty sure that second `` they '' refers to `` all the incoming people '' in that sentence . 
  so you did n't say `` not all are '' , you said `` all of them are not '' , which means that none of them are . 
  that 's what you said . 
  if that 's not what you meant you can correct that , but do n't accuse me of taking your stuff out of context or having `` reading comprehension issues '' . 
  and you still have n't provided any credible source for your `` obvious '' claim . 
  that 's the numbers from just december , which actually acknowledge that up to that point the majority of them came from syria . 
  you wrote `` germany keep calling all the incoming people fl\u00fcchtlinge ( refugees ) even though they obviously are n't '' , which seems to imply to me that you believe none of them are actual refugees . 
  so here 's your chance to clarify what you actually meant ( and provide backup ) . 
   even though they obviously are n't mind pointing the `` obvious '' out to me ? 
  most likely this is just another case of polish politicians exploiting some of the underlying polish paranoia about anything related to germany ( no offense intended ) , it probably happened but was never actually relevant . 
   for poles arguing that in poland we have freedom of speech unlike the western europe is that a common argument in poland ? 
  my concern about some village girls getting `` hollered at from windows '' , because that 's what the guy complained about , is certainly limited , yes . 
   because it is part of a larger trend . 
  if it were truly part of a larger trend the fine concerned citizens of this subreddit would n't need to dig so deep to find examples , would they ? 
   this kind of tone deaf , moronic answer to a straightforward issue feeds into right-wing sentiment that could contribute to people like donald trump being elected the thing is , if he had had a better answer we would n't have heard about it . 
  a hundred backwater mayors could give a good answer to the question and one gives a bad one and that 's the one that ends up on the front page of / r/europe , do you understand my frustration ? 
   yes , maybe , but the exchange is straightforward . 
  perhaps they had been talking about potential solutions for half an hour , maybe he laid out a comprehensive plan to deal with the issue . 
   but even you must recognise that it looks very bad . 
  yes it does , if i would live in that village i 'd want some sort of clarification that makes sense because obviously what he said is not a solution to any problem and makes it look like he does n't even care about finding one . 
  but i do n't live there and the reason why i 'm defending the mayor is because i know exactly why we 're talking about him and it has nothing to do with his work as a mayor but only because he provided a convenient sound bite that confirms the opinions of the people here . 
  if you do n't agree , please tell me why we 're talking about this . 
   just go right to claiming this is xenophobia why do you think a completely irrelevant village somewhere in germany is on the front page of reddit ; because we care about `` bad schlema '' and its mayor now ? 
   so , in what way does he need to clarify the response ? 
  i do n't subscribe to your notion that i need to present you some possible explanation to argue that there could be one . 
  the recording started in the middle of some meeting/session , we do n't even know what that meeting was about , we ca n't understand half of what was being said and it all took place in an irrelevant backwater village , but somehow you think you know all the facts necessary to make some sort of final judgement on his career ? 
  the fact that this thread exists only tells me that recently nothing relevant has happened that confirms / r/europe 's xenophobia , so they had to dig deep in order to find something . 
  and by the way , if somebody asked me for practical advice in protecting their child from a bad part of town , `` do n't go there '' would be on the top of my list . 
  it 's not like they pointed out anything even remotely actionable , what exactly was he supposed to do except telling them some soothing bullshit ? 
  you feel confident saying that without context and without letting him explain his comment ? 
  you have no idea what the real problems of that town are , why do you feel you 're qualified to judge that his career was `` rightfully '' ruined ? 
  he 's a small town mayor , he 's not used to giving carefully vetted statements . 
  look at the us presidential race for the kinds of slimy toads an attitude like yours produces . 
  that 's true of almost all public spending , such as investments in infrastructure , childcare etc. 
  patriotism and nationalism are two sides of the same coin . 
  if you want to frame it positively you call it patriotism , if you want to frame it negatively you call it nationalism . 
  rhetorically patriotism is usually more `` inward focused '' ( identity ) and nationalism more outward ( aggression ) , but they follow from the same set of beliefs . 
   you do n't need to think of your country or nation as superior to others to feel patriotic . 
  i 've heard descriptions like that before and , no offense , that makes no sense .
