  if you 're saying `` my country is awesome but no better than any other country '' then you 're essentially saying `` all countries are awesome '' and that 's not what patriotism is about . 
  you do n't need to say that other countries are worse , it 's implicit in celebrating your country for no other virtue than it being your country . 
  patriotism gives the same warm and fuzzy feeling of belonging that you get from rooting for sports teams or having a group of friends/family , but in the case of patriotism it can take on very ugly political forms , that 's why many people , particularly in germany , are wary of the concept . 
   it 's really hard to understand the utter opulence we live in until you go somewhere else . 
  i have , and i think you 're vastly exaggerating the world 's poverty . 
  most of the ones that are arriving are coming here because of the war , if you lose everything it makes sense to start again in a country that offers you and your children the best chances . 
  there are certainly people who leave more or less established lives in safe countries to come to europe just because of the wealth , but they are n't responsible for the refugee crisis . 
  now , for those who have never lived in a third world country , let me paint you a rough ( very rough ) picture of what it 's usually like . 
  the roads tend to be worse , the smaller ones tend to be dirt roads . 
  sidewalks are usually hard packed earth and there 's often trash lying around . 
  there are little to no vehicle regulations , seeing cars break down is an everyday sight , but people drive slower so it 's not actually that dangerous . 
  most of the time they have internet , electricity and water , but it 's not quite as stable . 
  they have smart phones , tvs , computers , consoles and all that jazz too , just a generation or two behind . 
  they usually buy food from markets , where it 's quite cheap , packaged food is relatively expensive . 
  several family generations often live under the same roof , but there 's less of a stigma associated with that . 
  their kids go to school , they go to work , if they have one , and most of them follow some kind of faith . 
  their worries , hopes and fears are quite similar to ours . 
  they do not see the west as the promised land , they do not think they lead worse lives , they do not even think of themselves as `` third world '' . 
  in fact even in the poorest latin american countries you 'll see donation campaigns for the `` poor children in africa '' . 
  this narrative here that most people are living in slums and we need to close our ivory tower unless we want to be dragged into the mud is appalling and wrong . 
  i 've been downvoted every time i said something contrary to the xenophobic hate train , i 'm sure i 'm not the only one who is disgusted by the current state of reddit and others are being buried too , but i think it 's important that somebody at least offers an alternate view , even if few see it ... 
   a lot of that money returns to germany in goods and services purchased with the hand out . 
  ... and you receive goods and services for it , what 's your point ? 
  if germany indirectly gives poland a billion euros and poland decides that the best way to spend that money is on machinery made in germany , then that does n't change the fact that there was a net flow of capital from germany to poland of a billion euros . 
  are you seriously suggesting that a main train station would be an unexpected place for crimes to happen , nye or not ? 
  in any city i 've been in the main train station and the area around it are always the main crime hubs . 
  as far as police work goes , there really was no place that was * more * predictable than the main train station . 
  this should not have been possible , no matter who committed the crime . 
  what does `` police presence '' even mean if borderline anarchy is allowed to take place for hours in the most central part of a city ? 
  it 's absolutely not the same thing , no journalist was jailed in a western country for releasing leaked information from the snowden/manning leaks . 
  going after people who leak secret information is legitimate , even if we believe that it was the right thing to do , otherwise `` secret '' and `` contract '' do n't really mean anything . 
  you may be disillusioned by your government , but you seem to have no concept of how much freedom you have yet to lose . 
  engaging in false relativism helps all the wrong people . 
  it 's poison for the imprisoned journalists since it supports their government 's narrative of `` everyone is doing it '' , and it hurts you by taking away the arguments of the people protecting your freedom . 
  if the populace already treats their government as if they were imprisoning journalists , even though they are n't , then they might as well do it , right ? 
  essentially you 're putting yourself in a situation where nobody represents you . 
   it 's not like a gang of men would be able to lure in straight men . 
  why not ? 
  you think they used pictures of themselves on grindr ? 
  like what ? 
  common sense is not about easy solutions . 
  raising a wall is the easiest solution if you ignore a whole lot of other factors , i.e. 
  do n't use common sense . 
   ultimately it makes most sense for the counterparties to choose which one best suits them maybe if both parties have equal say , but that 's not really what tends to happen . 
  i should not be able to sign a contract that puts me under the law of another nation , unless i am part of that nation . 
  if the parliament of some country enacts some law , then that law has to be binding for their citizens and their companies , whether they like it or not . 
  if those companies do business in other countries as well , those branches would abide by a different set of laws . 
  with enough loopholes and other legal trickery that may all seem like semantics to you , but it is n't . 
  if companies could choose their own laws without any restrictions , what would stop them from creating a parallel artificial set of rules and force everyone else to go along ? 
  it may just be cheaper to resolve conflicts under those rules , so no harm , right ? 
  essentially it would be the loss of national sovereignty , is n't that something the uk is particularly concerned about ? 
  you 're relaxed about this because you think that your country has the legal system that will end up dominating , so it 's all the same to you . 
  forgive me for not sharing your enthusiasm . 
   ultimately it makes sense for the parties to choose the courts and legal systems that they prefer to use from wherever in the world . 
  no , that makes no sense at all , we do n't choose the laws we abide by , that goes against the whole point of having laws in the first place . 
  you know , the more you talk about this the more convinced i am that this is something i absolutely do not want . 
  if britain has to leave the eu for that to not become reality , so be it . 
   thats exactly what you should do . 
  it 's how things are done with debates . 
  not at all , ever heard of `` burden of proof '' ? 
  it 's easy to make a statement , it 's really hard to prove a statement . 
  if i make a statement then the burden of proof is on me to show it 's true , not on you to show that it 's not true . 
  scientific rigor of that kind can not be applied to this discussion since there is n't enough data , so what do we do in absence of that ? 
  i use reputation , i believe the nyt more than some blog . 
  others simply see this as an opportunity to believe whatever they want to believe and call everyone else a liar . 
   why cant ' we take canada and australia as examples for immigration ? 
  because either of those countries are really difficult to reach for immigrants . 
   it 's very obvious that muslims/africans do n't integrate well and prefer their own cultures that 's not obvious at all . 
   and do n't have laws to force them to assimilate to a western lifestyle . 
  ... and should n't . 
  immigration is not assimilation and cultures change . 
  they need to follow our laws , they do n't need to adapt our culture . 
   the muslim faith is is based on barbaric 7th century laws that need to be reformed what , like the bible or the torah ? 
   if you find stoning pepople okay and invite people that kind stoning okay , it 's not okay . 
  see , this is the problem . 
  you have absolutely * nothing * to back up that kind of nonsense statement . 
  but it sounds nasty and it creates fear . 
  `` these strange barbarians are bringing their strange barbaric customs over here '' . 
  i will take a stab in the dark and guess that you 've never traveled to a country outside your comfort zone . 
  hell , if you had been a syrian refugee you 'd probably never have made it here . 
  there are easier ways and you do n't strike me as someone willing to take a risk . 
   if your goal is to help others in need and save lives i did n't state that anywhere , complete straw-man argument . 
  not that you 'd even try to understand what i 'm trying to say , your comments elsewhere could n't spell out `` xenophobe '' any better if you tried . 
   yes , you in fact can classify people according to ethnicity . 
  this is obvious to everyone . 
  not obvious to me . 
   there is good evidence to suggest that mass muslim immigration into europe poses a variety of very serious risks - the most significant , i think , is the unprecedented nature of this demographic shift . 
  there is a lot of uncertainty here . 
  there 's good evidence that it 's a very serious risk , but the `` most significant '' part is the fact that it 's unprecedented ? 
  you know what disgusts me the most ? 
  i ca n't even ask for your evidence because you 'll just link me right wing drivel and demand that i disprove what it says . 
   the best solution - for everyone - would be to firmly disallow - and thus disincentive - any further arrival of migrants . 
  what about educated migrants we want ? 
  what about asylum for the persecuted ? 
  this fantasy of closing our doors being the better alternative is not just mean-spirited , it 's also naive . 
  you think that our moral principles are a luxury that you can shed as soon as they become ever so slightly inconvenient , but you really have neither an idea of what that would accomplish nor what we 'd be giving up . 
  we 're both citizens of this continent . 
  if we 're giving up our morals then give me a reason why i should care more about someone like you than about those outside ? 
  if closing our doors even to those facing certain death comes so easy to you , why should it come any harder to me to throw you out ? 
  these migrants have crossed their continent under pretty awful conditions to get here , have you done anything remotely similar to earn your stay here ?
