leo 's the head of government , not state . 
  that 's not how `` and/or '' works . 
  it 'd have been a lot clearer if you 'd said `` ireland 's voice in the eu is diminished and its greatest ally is gone '' ( not that i 'd agree , but ... ), 
  okay , but that 's not what the thing you quoted said . 
  this is _ government _ opposition to further integration ( or , more precisely , enda 's government ; murphy is gone now ) , not weak _ public support _ for defence integration specifically ( the 57 % shown above ) . 
   the eu did force ireland to vote twice eh ? 
  what ? 
  no , they did n't . 
  you seem to be confused on this point . 
  there were two votes on nice and lisbon because the _ government _ decided to hold a second vote . 
  if ireland had continued to vote no , we 'd just have failed to ratify the treaty ( and thus presumably dropped out of the eu ) . 
  the eu could n't force anything . 
  note that that poll was taken in january , when it was less clear to the public just what a gigantic disaster brexit is going to be . 
  the uk is ireland 's voice in the eu ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   people are n't enamoured with the eu or further integration , they just did n't want to get stuck with the brits for another 8 centuries . 
  people do n't like the idea of further _ defence _ integration ( or at least , people do , but by a smaller majority ) . 
  this should n't be that surprising , given our long stance of neutrality ( or at least claim of neutrality ) . 
  he did n't ban grain imports ; he failed to ban grain _ exports _ , which was traditionally done for famine management . 
  most commonly-used vaccines are pretty old , generic , and cheap . 
  also , most kids get them anyway , of course . 
  i 'm not sure that this is strictly speaking the case ; ireland changed the rule recently , for instance , though there 's still a restricted period : http://www.thejournal.ie/gay-men-blood-ban-lifted-ireland-3188949-jan2017/, 
  i assume they do ; for instance see http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/istanbul-cuts-gay-pride-display-after-ultra-conservative-backlash-477877267, 
  raw polls on this sort of thing are n't particularly accurate ; you 're basically asking people `` are you dishonest '' . 
  however , trends in such polls may be indicative ; if 20 % of people said they 'd pay a bribe 10 years ago , and 10 % said they would now , then that probably means _ something _ . 
   which decided to choose their native languages , not english , as their official eu ones . 
  that may get revised in a hurry . 
  few people in ireland actually speak irish fluently . 
  while there are some allergies which do seem to be getting more common recently , pollen allergy has always been fairly common for people who grew up in urban areas . 
  people who grow up in rural areas do seem to have it less . 
   are they looking to establish a christian theocracy ? 
  er , well , [ kinda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_unionist_party#social_policies ) . 
  also i should be free to turn up my central heating boiler so high that it explodes !, 
  bloody boiler manufacturer put in a safety thermostatic cutoff to oppress my freedoms , though . 
  it actually is opt-in . 
  by default , ios devices will just show a warning when you increase the volume past the safe limit ; they 'll still let you do it . 
  proper british hearing damage . 
  did you actually look at the screenshot ? 
  it is an _ option _ . 
  china is actually getting concerned about its falling fertility rate these days , but the general point holds ; it 's largely related to wealth and education . 
  commercial surrogacy is illegal in most developed countries ; it will likely be banned here later in the year . 
  our current pm is actually still enda . 
  he will presumably eventually leave . 
  ... okay , right , i see , might be clearer if you just said that . 
  again , though , those are mostly in dublin , where fg does n't really do very well relative to not-dublin . 
  this seems dubious , because you would n't call varadkar right-wing if he was in the us ; comparisons are hard , of course , but you 're looking at a middle-of-the-road democrat , perhaps . 
  while breakdowns on that level are n't readily available for general elections , in the last local election pembroke-south dock , which contains dublin 4 and parts of dublin 2 , elected councillors from sf , labour , the greens and an independent before any fgs : http://irelandelection.com/election.php?elecid=157&amp;electype=5&amp;constitid=144 fg is n't particularly popular in dublin 4 . 
  it would be fair to say that ff is particularly unpopular , but ff is very unpopular everywhere in dublin . 
  but ultimately , both fg and ff have their bases largely outside dublin . 
  if dublin did n't exist we 'd essentially always have either an ff or fg majority government . 
  also , d4 is n't very big . 
  you 'll note in the results linked above that the whole area , plus parts of dublin 2 , has only 39k registered voters . 
  this is clearly insufficient to give fg more than about one or two tds , if that 's what was happening . 
   automotive batteries are not some special battery that only cars can use . 
  the batteries in a tesla are basically identical to those you would find in a laptop , just a lot more of them while that 's true of current teslas , which use 18650 cells , most electric cars do use larger cells , as will model 3 teslas . 
  bae was talking about a hybrid diesel-electric tank a while back , though i do n't think they found a buyer . 
  we 've been an economic satellite to the uk outside the eu before ( notably , the punt was pegged 1:1 to sterling until we joined the european monetary system in 1978 ) . 
  it was n't great , really . 
  why do you think that going back to this , even assuming the uk was willing , would be better than staying in europe ? 
  ( fun fact ; even our coins and notes were made in the uk until 1978 ) . 
  are domestic prices actually increasing , though ? 
  they do n't seem to be here . 
  well , hopefully it might make it a bit easier to spot the next time internet neo-nazis try to mess with an election . 
  if you mean personal consequence for the neo-nazi in question , less likely . 
  in principle macron could probably sue for libel , and possibly there might be an issue of forgery ( forging financial documents ca n't possibly be legal , surely ? ), 
  currently just varadkar and zappone , i think . 
  there were a couple of others who lost their seats with the demise of labour . 
  edit : there are also two gay senators . 
  varadkar is irish . 
  he was born in ireland and is an irish citizen . 
  by the way , india had a leader of the opposition ( and therefore potential prime minister ) who was born in italy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sonia_gandhi, 
  as per usual , simply looking at a white supremacist is the best way to determine that white supremacy is bullshit . 
  what the hell is going on with jean-marie 's face ? 
   no-one else is going to leave the eu , immigration levels will not fall and the economy will weaken even further . 
  if the economy weakens significantly , immigration will fall ( see ireland from 2009-2014 , say ) . 
  job done !, 
  assuming that the goal is purely xenophobia-based , naturally . 
  well , i mean , there 'll still be a united kingdom . 
  it just might be the united kingdom of parts of england and a small section of wales . 
  even then , possibly not if we 'd been part of the emu , as we were for a long time before the euro . 
  the bubble was the government 's and the central bank 's fault , realistically ; we did n't _ have _ to let people borrow 7 or 8 times their income on 100 % mortgages . 
  it 's not like countries with independent currencies ( uk , canada , australia in particular ) have avoided housing bubbles . 
  yes , it would , absolutely . 
  having your own currency is n't actually useful for borrowing money unless it 's a major world currency . 
  it would arguably be useful for internal devaluation , but if ireland had gone this direction it would have caused devastating levels of emigration of skilled workers . 
  some of jp morgan 's exodus will end up in dublin , apparently ; ditto lloyds . 
  well , typically , a small country who had their own currency would have to borrow in another currency anyway . 
  well , we could probably drop quite large rocks out of the learjet . 
  sure . 
  however , if the market had been buying ireland 's bonds at a fair price in 2010 , it would have been at 10 % yield . 
  ( actually probably more ; the 10 % was in the context of ireland issuing no new debt at the time ) . 
  the ecb and imf issued us debt at an unfair non-market price highly favourable to us ( which is how debt bailouts normally work ) . 
  now , you can definitely argue that we could have declared national bankruptcy , left the euro , probably lost a million or so population to emigration and try to rebuild . 
  but if we wanted to keep our schools and hospitals open , really , the bailout was a far better option than the markets . 
  mobile operators love breaking the rules by messing with their caps . 
  some of the irish operators are currently in trouble with the ec due to plans to call the existing caps ( typically ` unlimited ' / 10gb ) a promotional thing so that they can apply a separate cap ( usually ~ 2gb ) to european roaming . 
  in the same timeframe a french 10 year bond was 3-4 % , so it was n't that dramatic a premium at the time . 
  interest on national debt is normally above inflation ( some risk is involved , after all !, 
  ) ; the ultra-low bond yields currently ( with ireland being < 1 % ) are an anomaly . 
  i think more a recognition that a country with 5 million people ca n't really go it alone .
