looks like something i 'd expect to see at the end of a mario level . 
  did you read the article ? 
  it says north korea invited the eu representative to inspect nk . 
  absolutely bizarre . 
  are fn nominally `` pro freedom of choice of religion '' and practically `` white christian or gtfo '' ? 
  because he puts them in a bit of a spot if they are . 
  edit : not saying it 's bizarre to be a muslim , but that it 's bizarre for someone associated with a party like fn to convert . 
  because it would n't change anything . 
  instead of thinking `` it 's an hour ahead in paris '' we 'd be thinking `` they start working an hour earlier in paris '' ( which is essentially the same thing ) . 
  i am sure the comments here will be excellent, 
  this is the worst type of liberalism . 
  i do n't care about your right to be an oppressive dick head . 
  people who hate other people because of something which in no way affects them at all ever are just objectively wrong and deserve no clemency because they want to be allowed to spread their hateful shit . 
  recognise its right to exist i guess, 
  the economist is pretty shit and really right-wing though , what do you expect . 
  same thing with the torygraph forecasting doom and despair . 
  history repeats itself , first as tragedy then as farce . 
  anarchism 's goal is the same as communism 's . 
  they just disagree with us on how to get there . 
  social democracy just exports exploitation to the third world . 
  ... what ? 
  russian has an incredible literary culture , you do n't think that might be more likely that fetishists ? 
  at least one language gcse was compulsory at my school . 
  luckily i 've got a french parent and am relatively interested in languages , most of my classmates did n't put any effort in because they felt like they were being forced . 
  which i guess is the main problem , we natively speak a language which almost every other country learns . 
  i suppose it 's difficult for some people to see the benefit in learning a language if it 's not going to be very helpful . 
  it 's spies all the way down, 
  your revisionism is truly impressively astounding . 
  `` their shit '' being being subject to bombing reducing their entire country to rubble ? 
  or is `` their shit '' being subject to political purges at the hands of an american-appointed dictator ? 
  or is it the massacres ? 
  sometimes i wonder if americans making these sorts of comments are aware of the level of bad taste . 
  oh ok , you were just looking for a way to shoehorn your agenda into the conversation , got it, 
  no seriously , i assume you 're talking about the part under the `` share this article '' thing , but i ca n't see anything that jumps out, 
  what are you referring to ? 
  northern ireland has some of the best knee reconstruction surgeons in the world , not even joking, 
  i did n't think it was making fun of americans , yer man 's cohosts were obviously embarrassed . 
  so hire your own army , build your own roads , hospitals and schools and stride off into the glorious `` anarcho '' - crapitalist future . 
  better get cracking !, 
  m8 i ca n't remember what i ate this morning , let alone what was posted on an internet forum nine months ago . 
  will this country 's discrimination against geordies never end ? 
  drinking , fighting , throwing rocks/bricks , joyriding . 
  just recently there was a fight between a couple of teenage girls ( i think they were 14 or 15 ) organised on facebook , there were upwards of 200 of the wee so and sos there . 
  and the other day a 16-year-old was arrested for disfiguring a woman by throwing a brick through the window of the bus she was on ( for context she was on the bus back from a bit of a charged event ) . 
  the eu has a [ common reference framework ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_european_framework_of_reference_for_languages ) for assessing language competency . 
  b2 is upper intermediate . 
  i imagine it will be pretty obvious depending on the job . 
  it would be more impressive if you can write it in the language of the country you 're applying for the job in , but if you 're not 100 % confident you 've written everything grammatically i would n't bother . 
  for jobs where you need to be able to speak the language they 'll be expecting b2 anyway . 
  yes . 
  i guess people were saying that because they might just turn up at the airport and see if there were any spaces going cheap . 
  david noakes is one of the `` lizard people rule the world '' guys btw, 
  damn , one of my parents was n't born british , where do i surrender my passport ? 
  i think you should fuck off back to / r/european i guess , have n't really given it much thought though, 
  fair enough , i have a lot more experience with belfast and it 's always stuck out as one of the shitest capital cities i 've ever been to . 
  if it were n't for botanic and the cathedral quarter i think it would be at number one . 
  at least london has some infrastructure to it . 
  worse than belfast ? 
  love me some theory of alienation in the monrning, 
  they do n't become a citizen of that country , that country is responsible for dealing with the asylum seeker 's application . 
  yeah i 'm from ni . 
  marches are happening now , i can hear the drums . 
  yesterday was the sabbath so they did n't march . 
  dick measuring contest and frightening people . 
  also a convenient way of burning effigies of the pope and ivorian/italian/indian flags . 
  that 's because it is . 
  we ( taxpayers ) had to spend # 10,000 boarding up those houses , then pay the fire brigade to sit next to them all night dousing them with water so they would n't catch fire . 
  in my head canon they 're not part of europe . 
  do they consider themselves european ? 
  yes , english being a germanic language and protestant churches being the most popular . 
  i love you you aussi, 
  oh putain de shit , si proche mais so far, 
  you sure this was this morning and not some time in the mid '90s ? 
  i think you 're a wee bit paranoid, 
  schengen area membership does n't require being part of the eurozone , or even part of the eu . 
  iceland , norway , switzerland and liechtenstein are all schengen area members outside the eu . 
  yeah but they have to drive everywhere and live in america though : /, 
  plus london will skew that figure quite a bit . 
  buy why would you be purposefully ( and needlessly ) nasty ? 
  i could understand if muslims did n't want people to wear the colour green or something , but something like drawing a picture of their prophet , how often do you feel the need to do that ? 
  i 'm speaking specifically of drawing mohammed here , not other freedom of expression issues . 
  obviously i do n't think hardline islam 's ideas on women 's rights or apostasy etc. 
  should be protected . 
  yeah i do n't get why drawing mohammed is such a big issue . 
  if i knew that a friend really did n't like people swearing around him , i would just not swear , i would n't go out of my way to start swearing more in the name of muh free speech, 
  well i 'm not sure about scotland but northern ireland has its own body offering funding and support for film makers . 
  http://i.imgur.com/vyq6dui.jpg at the bottom, 
  bbc is streaming better than iplayer quality here : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/entertainment-arts-32851414 ( click `` live coverage '' ), 
  because it 's about equality . 
  regardless of whether they want to get married or not it 's not fair they 're not allowed . 
  the final is n't until the 23rd in case anyone is worried it 's tonight, 
  catholics ? 
  i do n't know , i 'm not religious so i do n't know to what extent the views of the vatican ( and therefore by extension the catholic church ) affect catholics ' views, 
  did n't you know ? 
  stalin killed literally like three trillion people personally . 
  that does n't even take into account the five trillion people he put in gulags for things like having the wrong haircut , or not laughing at his jokes , or being too short/tall . 
  any source of water is a bidet if you 're creative enough, 
  not in the uk, 
  but then how would i be able to identify fellow brits if not by their singlets , terrible sunburns , receding hairlines and open cans of beer in the middle of the day ? 
  but but muh invisible hand !,
