  ouch . 
  did n't think about that . 
  though i 'm pretty sure a mostly unchanged flag dates back to before chavez and definitely before maduro and the tricolor itself dates back to the 19th century . 
  homemade sweet tea . 
  welp . 
  much wow . 
  much wow . 
  ca n't watch the game right now . 
  why did kann get a yellow ? 
  time wasting ? 
  it 's a marketing thing since it 's the 4th of july , what with atlanta in the red and white and san jose in blue . 
  you 're not wrong ... 
  there is some justice in this world after all . 
  indeed . 
  glad to see another georgian with good taste !, 
  if documentaries count , then trophy kids . 
  homemade sweet tea . 
  i only got into football towards the end of 2016 , but of the relatively few matches i 've seen , the bar\u00e7a vs psg 6-1 was the second game i ever watched and it was atrocious . 
  ha , nope !, 
  i ca n't drink yet . 
  i was just visiting in order to tube down the chattahoochee . 
  the combination of blue and yellow really is n't doing my eyes any favors . 
  i did n't have the right channels for the longest time so this 'll be the first psg game i watch since the game that is not to be mentioned . 
  in my dreams . 
  do i want it to happen ? 
  : yes . 
  do i think it 's going to happen ? 
  : i 'm hopeful, 
  do i hate barca for trying to take verrati ? 
  : definitely, 
  i was mostly joking and i definitely agree with you there . 
  thank you so much for responding !, 
  i completely forgot to give any context !, 
  sparta rotterdam is a usual relegation candidate in the eredivisie with an initial transfer budget of 3.4 million euros . 
  yeah , i 'm hoping to win the highest offering tournament in order to avoid using financial takeover . 
  sherman was very gentle regarding the civilian populations of the south during his infamous march to the sea . 
  he gave his soldiers explicit orders to evacuate civilians before burning . 
  everything sherman did he did in order to help end the deadliest war in u.s history . 
  comparing the atomic bombing of two cities where more than 100,000 people died in the atomic fire and an incalculable number of lives changed due to radiation poisoning to the burning of the economic hub of an enemy where people were evacuated beforehand is a little disingenuous, 
  i definitely agree that this is n't the right place for a discussion on the ethics of a long dead general . 
  applying the term `` war crime '' to events that happened before the geneva conventions , hague conventions , and nuremberg trials is unhelpful . 
  the `` victors write history '' trope is one that sorely needs to die . 
  the lost cause myth is a prime example of history being written by the losers . 
  it is purely because of the fact that history is not always written by the victors that sherman is so reviled in much of the south . 
  for all the flowery language used , it does not cover the fact that there were many generals who were as , if not more so vicious as sherman . 
  it 's the fact that our modern ideas of war crimes should not be applied blanketly to the past . 
  it 's unhelpful because it stops people from contextualising the actions of those in the past and reduces things to a simple black-white , good-bad dichotomy . 
  i 'm not trying to argue whether or not murder , slavery , or any other thing you wish to name is wrong . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that when you simplify a figure from history as just bad then you reduce them from a launching point for discussions or a model to learn from about what to do or not to do to a caricature of evil from which nothing of substance can be gained . 
  it 's important to put people 's actions into the context of their era . 
  we are molded by the society we are born into and the experiences which shape our lives . 
  i feel like i would give a random racist the same luxury . 
  i think i would extend that to someone today the same way . 
  the way i 'm referring being that while i vehemently disagree with them , i understand that having been raised in a culture that endorses such things it can be difficult to break out of that way of thinking . 
  i would disagree with the last idea . 
  historians in my experience have always preached the holy trinity of context , context , and context when regarding historical events and figures . 
  thank you so much !, 
  has trapp always been this bad and i just have n't noticed ? 
  i favored him to start over areola , but now ... fuck . 
  i 'm thinking a new keeper is in order . 
  * cavani 's a joy to watch , as always . 
  * that was one of the worst goalkeeping performances i 've ever seen . 
  * yuri for me was kinda invisible . 
  i did n't notice him doing much of anything . 
  * it was good to see pastore play well . 
  i agree that areola has been good and has improved . 
  the only problem is he needs to be good consistently . 
  i agree that it 'd probably be best to go after a keeper in january though . 
    nipple ~ ~ twisting ~ ~ tasting, 
  ftfy, 
  i was referencing / u/rerel 's picture of twisties , but dayum . 
  is it showing up weird ? 
  thanks , i 'll keep that in mind . 
  / u/rerel , can we get a neymar defcon level check ? 
  maybe i 'm just being soft , but it makes the neymar transfer a little bitter that what seemed like such a strong friendship is broken up . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love that we 're likely getting a player the caliber of neymar and the goods definitely outweigh the bads , but it makes me feel a little bad . 
  unless i 'm mistaken , which i very well might be as i only recently started to actually post stuff instead of just lurking , i did submit it as a link . 
  woah , i 'm watching the second to last episode right now . 
  i have a soft spot for montreal . 
  it 's mostly because i 'm a sucker for a fleur de lis and a major francophile in general . 
  no , i do n't follow the nfl . 
  my mom who casually does has a soft spot for the saints . 
  gahandy ? 
  we have a really good squad , but our midfield situation at this point is dire ( a number 6 would be a godsend ) and goddamn do we underperform . 
  this season will definitely be the test for emery . 
  this past season was always going to be a transition season . 
  if emery does n't deliver some acceptable results this year then he 'll be out before you can say blanc . 
  if i 'm being honest i 've kinda been completely focused on the whole neymar saga . 
  i recognize the name danilo but do n't know too much about him . 
  if the goal is the orgasm of football then i 'm getting some serious blue balls right now . 
  e : yeeeeeeeeeeeessssss tito !, 
  that sounds fun . 
  i 'm in !, 
  yes !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  just looked it up . 
  it 's 31 : jack parsons . 
  i 'm trying to be more optimistic than i usually allow myself to be . 
  we may lose some on the way , whether it be by injury , old age , or transfer , but we will prevail . 
  when i saw that picture of cavani i knew i had to include it !,
