undoubtedly . 
  grey has been banned from r/caleb . 
  the real saddest part is the portland timbers shirt . 
  thank you atlanta . 
  i really needed this after the disaster against bar\u00e7a . 
  not gon na lie , thought it said `` rapping '' instead of napping . 
  i would be ecstatic if john were an atlanta united fc supporter . 
  the atmosphere was amazing !, 
  everyone was chanting and jumping up and down . 
  i 'm going to the home against dc and i 'm probably more excited than i have been in my entire life . 
  tl ; dr : it was great !, 
  thank you . 
  it was killing me that i did n't know . 
  i 'm on mobile . 
  quality shitpost , respect . 
  i 'm a francophile and some of my friends call me wikipedia . 
  so i 'm french wikipedia . 
  the class of life . 
  ( i think i 'm failing pretty hard . ), 
  i 'm the exact same . 
  most of my friends are religious but luckily none of them are dicks about it so i try to return the favor . 
  heck , i 'm american and i do n't know how many innings are in a baseball game . 
  glorious stache . 
  my friends think i 'm pretty far left but that may just be an effect from where i live ( american south ) . 
  i view myself as more center left . 
  i think my beliefs are pretty in line with the likes of scandinavian social democracy since i 'm more libertarian when it comes to social issues but believe in regulating to help provide a more equal playing field when it comes to economics . 
  my math teacher pronounces ` height ' as ` heighth ' . 
  there 's really no need for that . 
  whenever i 've checked the bundesliga table this season i 've always just felt bad for darmstadt . 
  i 'm an atheist too . 
  what i meant was that there 's no need to go about foisting your opinions on others as opposed to having thoughtful discussions with them . 
  augusta syndrome , you wo n't talk about anything but golf . 
  jesus fuck i nearly had a heart attack !!, 
  bi friends are pretty cool too tbh . 
  bojangle 's fries are sublime . 
  bojangle 's fries are sublime . 
  truth . 
  ( i 'm pretty tech illiterate so i 'm sorry if i misunderstood anything ), 
  my phone is an android and my computer 's a potato right now but when it worked it used windows 10 . 
  agreed . 
  i 've been pleasantly surprised by our defense compared to our previous 2 games . 
  edit : welp . 
  spoke too soon . 
  free kicks almost always give me heart attacks . 
  miggy !, 
  why u do dis to me ? 
  i think we need to buy miggy some hamilton tickets ... 
  we need to come out swinging in the second half . 
  gresselmania !!, 
  fuuuuuuuuuuck, 
  yeah , i just wish our defense had stayed up to snuff to defend against the subsequent portland goal . 
  that 's assuming he had any control to begin with . 
  4 , disappointing first half , action starts during the second . 
  miggy you beautiful man !, 
  10 - simply superb . 
  that spanking is n't a harmful thing that can scar a child . 
  this is exactly what i was looking for , thank you !, 
  the really polite , christian kid who likes country music and always does stuff with their church . 
  asad trying to pull some of those fancy ground tricks !, 
  great defending in the box from the boys . 
  the duel of the empire states . 
  i am really looking forward to a possible rivalry between us and nycfc . 
  the duel of the empire states !, 
  damn , ca n't believe i forgot the chick-fil-a angle . 
  no singing , but in my experience ( currently a high school freshman ) there has been a u.s flag in every classroom i have been in . 
  hon hon hon !!, 
  i 'm seen as pretty far left in the context of america ( by my friends at least ) but i feel like i 'd be seen as somewhat of a centrist with some left leanings in europe . 
  i usually get my news from reddit , the guardian , a channel on youtube called secular talk , and a little bit from an npr podcast . 
  my grandad has always called me `` belac '' , the holy name spelled backward -- true blasphemy . 
  my first time watching an nba game , hope it 's a good one . 
  me if we get salah, 
  while i never dated a twin , i had a crush on one for a while in high school . 
  while for a small time in the beginning of my infatuation i was unsure of which one i liked , as i texted and talked with one ( they shared a phone ) more , i realized that i liked the one i talked the most with as a friend . 
  it did n't work out with the twin i did like , but we became friends and her twin is now one of my best friends . 
  ( sorry if any confusion happened , i was too lazy to come up with fake names . ), 
  this might be the worst ref i 've seen . 
  i 'm a teenager who does n't know how to ride . 
  i 'm planning to rectify that and i was wondering if there 's a good , cheap bike for beginners ? 
  i am completely behind this idea . 
  this game is not good for my heart . 
  two words : roll tide . 
  mears is such shit . 
  edit : then parkhurst goes and is even more shit . 
  i think not . 
  looking for 2 for saturday . 
  revenge is a dish best served in a shitty stadium named after a dead politician . 
  they have families !, 
  ( that are n't in the stands ), 
  you 've got ta be shitting me . 
  that mistake from kann was legit something i 've done on fifa . 
  i 'm sure that as soon as i say this an abundance of evidence will emerge to prove me wrong but this is the first time i can think of where a direct mistake or stupid move from kann has resulted in a goal . 
  my heart just sprang out of my chest . 
  holy fuck !!, 
  i was actually able to find some tickets . 
  thanks for the offer though !, 
  anti-eurocentrism ? 
  this gets me every damn time . 
  wake up ? 
  i 'm still woke from josef '' i 'll burn my leg hair off '' martinez 's showstopper goal against colorado !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  yeah , it 'd be really disappointing , yet completely understandable if he does n't play 100 % due to these issues weighing on his mind .
