  i agree since he 's been a lot better this pre-season than he was last season . 
  i frequent some other football subreddits and really liked the memes so i decided to try it in a less saturated market . 
  i like the idea of filters being implemented if they are n't too much of a bother for the mods . 
  no , too obvious ... 
  most fucked up papercut i 've ever seen ... 
  and me !, 
  merci beaucoup !, 
  i 've been looking for one !, 
  he has n't been the greatest thing since sliced baguettes right away but he has had moments of absolutely beautiful play . 
  wow . 
  that back pass . 
  how did that happen , financial issues , match fixing ? 
  i definitely think that would be going in the right direction but i think another thing that 's been mentioned before that would be great is the addition of tags and filters in order to specify certain kinds of content , ( news , memes , gifs , etc. ), 
  thanks for all you guys do to help keep a subreddit i love functioning !, 
  i only became a psg fan relatively recently ( zlatan got me interested but i really became a fan after the 4-0 at the parc ) but i really like the older logo with the baby carriage . 
  i feel like it was a nice nod to the club 's history , and when i saw the old logo i was sad that the qataris changed it . 
  i definitely agree about the shiny plastic aspect of our current logo . 
  i agree with / u/moongose83 that the 2d version looks a lot better . 
  always rated him . 
  it 's salah !!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  u/huge _ hog deserves a huge hug . 
  do n't stand in the middle of the goddamn hallway you stupid twats !, 
  oh , and shower , definitely shower . 
  who are the girls ? 
  i 'd bend the knee for her . 
  i 'm a liverpool , usa , and france supporter ... 
  i 've got a little to say . 
  costa rica is n't a bad team , but we got completely outplayed by them at home . 
  i definitely understand your point , and i think it is important that westerners attempt to make the most ethical purchasing decisions possible . 
  it is difficult and nearly impossible to be 100 % consistent with one 's beliefs . 
  an example would be my caring about animal welfare , but not being a vegan . 
  while i will not attempt to claim my actions line up 100 % with my beliefs , i think it is important to try one 's best to do so . 
  i honestly never thought of it like that . 
  i ca n't say you 've assuaged all of my concerns or doubts , but you definitely helped to give me a new perspective on the situation . 
  fifa certainly ca n't , or wo n't , break the chains in qatar . 
  i mean , with the first world cup being in 1930 uruguay in the otl , i ca n't see a uruguay in the middle of a belligerent brazil and an expansionist argentina holding a world cup . 
  huh , it seems to have happened later in the timeline than i thought . 
  it 's really reassuring that there seems to be change happening because of the world cup . 
  i ca n't remember where i heard this , but i once heard `` the world cup does n't have to change the world permanently , but just for a moment . '', 
  it 's really interesting and reassuring to see that this world cup may bring about some longer lasting changes , if not in the region as a whole , but at least in qatar . 
  i applaud you , my good sir or madame . 
  dammit , what a good play from hedges . 
  have n't been able to find a stable stream , but from the little i 've been able to see we 've looked pretty good . 
  come on coutinho , score and all is forgiven . 
  holy shit josef !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  i need new pants !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll definitely take a look at it . 
  would you say we 're going to ... stomp them out ? 
  lyon are exploiting the space at our back very well . 
  mbappe made really good use of the space at lyon 's flank . 
  i love this so much , thank you !, 
  this is one of my favorite things i 've seen on this subreddit . 
  could you do one for inter for fifa 17 ? 
  * sighs in fran\u00e7ais * take your haute vote . 
  we can push them that much further past the event horizon of the black hole of mediocrity . 
  i was browsing the wikipedia page for w.e.b du bois and saw this quote about his views on the korean war . 
  i was just wondering why he thought this when the war was - at least in my understanding - a police action taken by the un to stop north korea from conquering south korea . 
  ( it admittedly also had the added purpose of allowing the u.s to maintain geopolitical power in the region . ), 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  in europa universalis iv , there 's a small event that can happen after the protestant reformation where the value of fish drops . 
  the little explanation given in game is that since fewer people are observing lent , the demand for fish falls . 
  are there any records of this happening ? 
  i 'm so excited that my first time at a live professional soccer game is at bobby dodd supporting aufc !, 
  i was just at the game and the song played after we scored sounded really familiar . 
  does anybody know what it was ? 
  in europa universalis iv , there 's a small event that can happen after the protestant reformation where the price/value of fish drops . 
  the explanation given in game is that since fewer people are observing lent , the demand for fish falls . 
  is there any record of an event like this happening ? 
  i do n't currently have access to my copy of fifa 17 and i am currently planning out a career mode with sparta rotterdam . 
  i was wondering if someone could check for me how much money a manager of sparta rotterdam could get from a pre season tournament . 
  edit : some context , sparta rotterdam is a usual relegation candidate in the eredivisie with an initial transfer budget of 3.4 million euros . 
  i 'm a sophomore in high school who loves history . 
  i 've thought about being a teacher but i feel like the workload would be to much for me . 
  if i 'm being honest i 'm a huge procrastinator . 
  i 'm not good at nor do i enjoy manual labor . 
  the only other interests i really have are soccer ( which i have n't played in a team vs team competitive format since i was in third grade . ), 
  and using the internet . 
  i 've briefly entertained the thought of being involved in the management of a team . 
  please , if you can , help me . 
  sorry for the generic title but i 'm looking for the episode which ends with a box full of weird sexual shit being found after the guy the episode 's about dies . 
  i wonder how the development of football would change in kaiserreich as opposed to the otl . 
  the first world cup happened in only 1930 in the otl . 
  did the world cup even happen in kaiserreich ? 
  did fifa form ? 
  is fifa more or less corrupt than mosley ? 
  i started being a fan because of zlatan . 
  i will just come out and admit it . 
  i started to like psg because of that beautiful , bombastic swede . 
  then the 4-0 happened and i became invested , i bought a jersey , started doing research on the squad , started to become a real fan . 
  then the disaster of that camp nou game happened . 
  i became even more of a fan because of that disaster and the asshole barca fans . 
  i was ecstatic when the neymar news came around . 
  then the doubts came . 
  while there were plenty of irrelevant and stupid critiques of psg , some i feel were fair . 
  the fact that a club i support has such close ties to a state like qatar disturbed me . 
  by no other means do other clubs have their hands clean , barca i 'm looking at you , but it makes me feel uncomfortable . 
  then the mbappe deal happened . 
  i love mbappe and while half of me is really excited to see him play in paris , another half is unsettled by the fact that the money used to get mbappe most likely came from a state which has such terrible human rights abuses .
