[ bug 628129 - make gpu blacklisting logic aware of dual gpu systems ] ( https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=628129 ), 
  it properly groups albums by album artist , and shows the correct tag in the album artist library browser , similarly to how foobar2000 and other `` non-mainstream '' music library players do it . 
  also the ui is more customizable and the `` now playing '' screen is usable in a multitude of screen sizes ( down to the lowly 240x320 display of my phone ) . 
  i 've gone through the trial and it 's a great player that i would buy if i could move money into google . 
  that 's not a universal rule . 
  it 's more probable that the developers of new mmos stop providing new content and patches , resulting in a population decline . 
  counterpoint : world of tanks . 
  it 's been almost 3 years and 4 months since the ru release ( 2 years , 8 months for eu/na release ) and its population on all servers is still growing at a good rate [ 1 ] ( right now there 's around 155k players on eu ) . 
  for all the whining people direct at them , i do have to give props to wg for evolving the game mechanics and introducing new content at a steady pace ( it gets a major patch every 2 months ) . 
  on the other hand , planetside 2 has barely evolved since it 's official launch . 
  yeah we got 2 continents and the harasser , and some mechanics were tweaked here and there but the game has been generally stale imo . 
  [ 1 ] http://wot-news.com/stat/server/eu/norm/en, 
  for some reason it seems less sharp in fullscreen , and there 's some aliasing when the viewport is small , something the native version does n't suffer from . 
  i 'm not sure about the following , but iirc milkdrop did n't stretch presets on a widescreen display . 
  but otherwise nice work . 
  an over 12 % improvement with half-maxed skill is not bad actually . 
  there 's also this thread on the forums http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/140764-ground-force-rangefinder-guide/, 
  this one contains the actual science and leads to more accurate results . 
  in any case , the relatively high velocity tiger gun is not a good demonstrator since you can be only ballpark estimate and still hit . 
  on the other hand low velocity , slow reloading howitzers need a lot more accurate calculations and the calculations in the video would fail to connect the first shot . 
  i personally use 3 lengths , 5 , 6 and 7 meters depending on tank and a single width , 3 meters and always hit on the first shot . 
  the sight is the same . 
  the vertical graduations change though depending on the speed of the loaded shell and with slower velocities due to the greater elevation per distance unit needed you need a lot more accurate distance calculation to hit a target . 
  you should have the pziv ausf . 
  f1 unlocked if you grinded ze germans . 
  take it in test drive mode and see the difference for yourself . 
  next , take the premium jagdpanther and observe how condensed the vertical elevation markings are . 
  this is talking about tonks . 
  i do n't know about planes and i 'm not into that ace pilto stuff so i cba to try . 
  edit : in theory they should be working though , aviation having been in open beta for such a long time . 
  i may be the minority but i do n't really care about kursk ( as someone who plays sb exclusively ) . 
  i find the match flow to be pretty boring and the combination of open spaces , long ranges , lack of cover and protected routes prevent interesting gameplay . 
  it 's simply a contest of who can range his opponent faster . 
  ash river on the other hand with its multiple lanes , elevation differences and cover allows for really interesting battles where no matter what kind of tank you 're in you can find places to contribute to the match and use terrain to mitigate your tank 's disadvantages and outplay your opponents . 
  furthermore , the presence of hard cover allows one to hide from the enemy 's minimap while changing the angle of engagement or reducing the distance in order to place that low velocity shot on target . 
  why does the framerate input have the ntsc framerate as a default instead of a `` source '' option ( to keep the same framerate as the source ) ? 
  why do you use bitrates instead of crf ? 
  target bitrates are a very wasteful way to encode video ( and audio ) . 
  what is the `` 384 '' bitrate ? 
  mp3 does n't support such bitrates . 
  also , use aac q factor / mp3 v profiles , they are a better way to encode audio . 
  it 's good for something to be `` simple '' but basic functionality should not suffer . 
   bouncing every shot from every angle, 
  i would n't bet on that if wg actually implemented an abrams correctly . 
  the side hull armor of modern mbts is considered to be nothing special , relying on sideskirts to defeat heat warheads . 
  certainly nothing the maus would have problems penetrating . 
  rear armor is non-existent . 
   every officer above you , will have 0 combat experience , and they are tasked with `` training '' you . 
  this is true for the majority of officers in defensive armies around the word . 
  experiences differ . 
  i was posted at 618th mechanized infantry battalion ( 618\u039c\u039a / \u03a4\u03a0 ) and we certainly did lots of training ( on and off the camp ) as well as a 2-week exercise where the engineering , artillery and armored battalions of the 21st infantry regiment also took part . 
  i 'm afraid to admit ( due to muh karma ) it was hard but also fun . 
  you can always do [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/mgy3q0b ) . 
   how else would you do it . 
  this is actually quite logical and reasonable . 
  no it 's not . 
  the grand majority of emu ( like the ones modeled in game ) commuter lines do not utilize loops to reverse direction . 
  rather , the trains themselves have two `` control '' cars , one on each side and the train reverses direction . 
  this is universal , from small light-rail trains to the hiigh-speed sinkansens . 
  even when it comes to locomotives pulling unpowered passenger cars , most modern electric and diesel-electric ones have dual control cabins ( [ example ] ( http://www.railpictures.net/images/d1/2/6/2/2262.1305482723.jpg ) ) and at the end of the line the locomotives are uncoupled from the passenger cars and get coupled at the other end . 
  it 's referencing the nuremberg trials . 
  i have no `` friends '' ( using the old definition of the word ) and do n't really socialize , yet i am very content ( `` happy '' ) with my life . 
  somehow it looks like the questions are written in a way that implies you can not be `` happy '' if you do n't have `` friends '' and do n't socialize , making it hard to answer as objectively as possible . 
  indeed . 
  same location , camera shifted 45 degrees to the right . 
  [ 1v1 me rust ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuq1eakfpd4 ), 
  it 's not clear whether the is-2 is moving when it fires , but if it did , it would n't manage to hit anything in reality , with its unstabilized gun . 
  also , some planes accelerate like jets . 
  is n't this the status quo ? 
  all even remotely modern monitors consume under 1wh at standby , so they 're effectively turned off . 
  i have no access to the windows feedback app . 
  search does not return any results about it . 
  i 'm logged in with a local account if that makes any difference . 
  any ideas ? 
  the way mr. 
  regular shifts makes me cringe every time i see it . 
  this screenshot indicates damaged transmission and knocked out machine-gunner , after unfortunate contact with a steel tree . 
   the map currently gives a grid layout and i believe that each grid for ground forces is 100m, 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i think kursk is something like 400 per subdivision and different maps have different scales . 
   really ? 
  i always thought the ones on kursk were also 100m , i aimed accordingly and most of my shots hit . 
  at least that 's what i read in two different places . 
  in any case , it 's been a long time since i 've played kursk and i personally calculate distance the hardcore way ( target length in meters / mills horizontal size = distance in km ), 
  rb gf is quite entertaining and the respawn point system in 1.43 improved it a lot since you can now pull different tanks for different situations . 
  actually , this is more likely than not , correct . 
  soviets had fuel tank/ammo rack combinations in many tanks ( essentially a tank with holes where ammo slotted in ) . 
  this increased the range of the tank ( since the engine compartment did n't have enough room for many fuel tanks ) and also ( iirc ) protected from ammunition detonation a bit . 
  i just linked my account to my ms account , restarted but no dice ... 
  why are americans so infatuated with the `` bro '' wheel hand position ( one hand at 12 ) and with keeping their other hand on the stick ? 
  you have no control over the wheel like that . 
  why is the mvp v2 .0 a great choice ? 
  it 's old , underpowered ( can not fully exploit the range of the bvc coils ) , bigger and more expensive than an istick . 
  its only saving grace is the usb power output . 
  i do n't think frequency will give you an accurate duty cycle estimation , neither will a true rms meter give you the correct rms voltage . 
  you need a scope for that . 
  i want vapestores to not charge 100 % more for their fastech stuff . 
  seriously , here in greece a 25 $ vamo v6 can be found in b&m s for 55 + . 
  i understand the `` keeps people off cigarettes '' sentiment but doing a bit of research never hurts . 
  an istick can produce enough power to introduce someone to elementary dripping and kayfun-likes ( minus subohm stuff that 's not for everyone ) .
