  i mean that the speed seems too high for something with such a thick shaft . 
  that 's a ship prop shaft . 
  well , i 'm not really sure either but from the thickness it does n't look like the kind of shaft you would find on a small recreational boat that would run on light diesel engines achieving such speeds . 
  this does n't say anything without stating the number of units sold . 
  what 's the issue here op ? 
  keep yourself safe . 
  starship * enterprise . 
  ideally vlc should prevent you from watching chomsky to save you wasted time . 
   rubin mentioned the possibility of a dac accessory that would provide high quality audio, 
  you do n't need that to produce high quality audio , you only need that to appeal to audiofools . 
  you can have a `` high quality dac '' without a dongle , built into the internal board . 
  you do n't even need the `` quad dac '' branding and eq/dsp shit ( that generally worsens sound quality ) , you can have an excellent transparent dac/amplifier by default like exynos devices have . 
   ca n't say where i got it from for the sake of tpd, 
  do n't oppress yourself . 
  i personally vote with my wallet and buy my hardware from fasttech . 
  i have n't given a dime to european shops for hardware . 
  for juice i buy pharmaceutical 1kg vg/pg and flavoring and diy 0 nic ( no way i 'm paying sin taxes for e-liquid ) . 
  they ca n't prosecute you for ownership of non-compliant hardware . 
  associating oneself with razer and their cheap junk is cringier than that . 
  are you 10 ? 
  the bottle says `` chemco by syndesmos '' . 
  i have no issue with aftertaste . 
  vg is naturally slightly sweet but otherwise i get no weird taste . 
  atmos labs vg ( not the thinner `` mist '' vg/water mix ) , that had weird aftertaste . 
  it was less sweet than normal vg but left a dry sensation in my mouth and a slight bitterness, 
   '' ... because there is no headphone jack ... '', 
  * closes tab *, 
  pebkac, 
   i can evade missiles, 
  suspension of disbelief destroyed . 
  hmmm, 
  commercial `` drivers '' in the us . 
  we ca n't derive any conclusions from the `` test '' because a human was in the loop . 
  there 's a reason only machines are used for mechanical reliability testing . 
  just the thought of one thing tested being better than the other can influence humans and affect the results . 
  the similarity with the iphone alone turns me away from the phone . 
  furthermore , offset camera bumps are way worse than normal ones . 
   i do n't base my judgement on paper specs, 
  how about objective testing ? 
   supposedly the s8 has the best display , yet i do n't feel it, 
  i 'm talking about this sentence . 
  `` best '' implies something superior to everything else . 
  when it comes to display image quality , we have objective metrics to determine what is `` best '' . 
  on the other hand , preference towards a certain characteristic should be noted as such e.g. 
  `` i prefer blue-tinted grays '' . 
  just because you prefer something does n't make it `` best '' . 
  you should rewrite the sentence like `` supposedly the s8 has the best display , yet i prefer inferior displays , so who knows '' . 
  as it stands , it 's a non sequitur . 
  what 's the purpose of a display ? 
  now instead of enjoying the concert , you 'll look like all those other tools looking at the concert through their phone screens . 
  post bussy and i 'll consider it . 
  you may or may not have 4g coverage there . 
  if you do n't you 'll have to live with the horrible oversubscribed hspa network . 
  i do n't know what `` intermittent '' means but a 5-6 mbps dsl network connection will feel a lot faster even if theoretical speeds are similar . 
  make sure to survey the local conditions for yourself first before purchasing some kind of expensive plan . 
  this is assuming you stay at one place for some time . 
  no thanks . 
  i ca n't take any htc seriously anymore after the revelations about the elevate shilling incentives . 
  the game will actually die again if they do n't improve matchmaking . 
  but i 'm having fun . 
  i do n't . 
  shapes help with visibility in non optimal conditions ( bright sunlight , glare ) amd it 's also quicker to find the icon . 
  nothing unsafe about tall ladders , and long ones do tend to flex a bit . 
  dude could 've used a few cones and maybe a spotter but otherwise he 's safe . 
  gib back marbles . 
  10 points have been added to your elevate account . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  for all the `` 3d sound '' fanfare the u11 claimed , its audio recording quality was piss poor . 
  you ca n't get good bass response from a dual purpose earphone/speaker design . 
  the htc 10 ( and the iphone ? ), 
  use the earpiece more like a high frequency driver and do not output real true stereo . 
  i somewhat agree with you . 
  on the other hand , i 'm waiting for the promised warfare update that is claimed to flesh out a lot of the now-cumbersome systems that constrain mid and late game ( though i guess combat and warfare is not your main issue with it ) . 
  to be honest though , for my tastes stellaris still hits all the right buttons even with all its faults . 
  it 's accessible , it 's somewhat steamlined and the open ended feel is unmatched by any other 4x games that either railroad you towards a goal or artificially constrain you using blatantly `` gamey '' mechanics . 
  cnn, 
  cute , but at some point pdx should focus into streamlining , improving and expanding base game mechanics instead of adding a few scripted events here and there . 
  what 's the game they 're talking about at the 24m40s mark ? 
  they slur the name a bit . 
  edit : oh well it 's aurora 4x, 
  i own utopia . 
  i personally want a complete redesign of warfare , diplomacy , and a more nuanced economy model that also simulates the private sector and their r&d . the current systems in place are not good enough, 
  [ note 4x ] ( http://green-sell.info/?id_good=73 ), 
  [ note 4 global ] ( http://green-sell.info/?id_good=85 ), 
  gpu scaling still broken since april . 
  with 17.4.1 gpu scaling works fine . 
  with 17.4.2 , it does n't . 
  who knows whether our issues are related or not ... 
  edit : note that the claims in the thread about 17.6.1 fixing it are not really correct since it 's still broken for many games in my experience . 
  goes in limp mode after a few minutes of spirited driving . 
  that 's 75 euros too much for a shitty quad-core mtk . 
  is this a shill post ? 
  is it $ 120 or `` $ 120 '' ? 
  can i enter a sprint shop with a benjie and an andrew , throw them at the cashier , get the phone , install my existing sim in it and use it ? 
  or is it part of some kind of convoluted installment plan on contract ( i know it 's the latter , i 'm just trying to make the post title being an ad even more visible ) ? 
  yes . 
  very far back in the day ( before 2000 ) when mobile phones only had one band ( 900mhz ) the introduction of the 1800mhz band required specific phones that supported it but very soon all devices became dual-band . 
   `` haha anon , why do you an iphone copy ? '', 
   `` y-you too '', 
  are those the stock android toggles ?
