  personally i 've never found any performance advantages with vertical coils on kayfun-like decks . 
  in any case , if your cotton is saturated but the vape tastes dry , it 's most likely that your wick does n't make good/firm contact with the coil , resulting in the latter drying up while vaping . 
  manufactured vertical coils are build to tight tolerances ( tighter than what we build at least ) , the juice ports are very close to the coils and the cotton is held in place a lot better . 
  germoney gib leftovers . 
  in all seriousness i ca n't say anything about either since i 'm still living in my parents ' house due to my shitty economic situation . 
  you are completely incorrect regarding current . 
  it 's the load that dictates the amps drawn , not the source . 
  needless to say , usb power supplies are universal . 
  if an ego charger is designed to draw 420mah , it will make no difference if it 's used with a 0.5 a or 2a power brick . 
  ports are also coded and devices recognize them before drawing their maximum current . 
  in your phone example , the phone gets hot because batteries become hot when they 're charged at nominal currents . 
  18650s become hot too when charged at 1a . 
  does the modmeter measure voltage at the 510 or battery terminals ? 
  i want to put it in an okr box i 've been meaning to build . 
  if it 's the former then it will suit me since you can see the output voltage set . 
  it gets hot with a higher amp brick because the phone detects the powerbrick 's capabilities and charges the battery faster . 
  more current equals more heat , both when charging and discharging cells . 
  it 's nothing to worry about . 
  exploding ecigs are due to bad quality circuitry and/or assembly standards . 
  a usb powerbrick can not influence the current that will be drawn from it , in the same way a 20 amp battery will not produce more power on a 1.8 ohm coil compared to a 10 amp battery . 
   shouldnt the device just draw the correct amount of amps from the charger, 
  yes . 
  most people misunderstand how power supplies work . 
  it 's the same reason you can use a 800w pc power supply with components that do not need such power . 
  and the same reason a 20amp battery will perform identically to a 10 amp battery with a high resistance atomizer . 
  it 's the load resistance and the source 's voltage that dictate the current . 
  a source can not `` push '' more current or violate ohm 's law ( electric motors and things like that are a whole different thing but eh ... ), 
  i assume that the battery bar is measured at the bat terminals . 
  thanks , this looks like a nice alternative to the standard voltmeter . 
  yes , already saw them and left a comment on the pwm video also . 
  all videos are awesome though the device 's actual performance left me pretty unimpressed . 
  on the second video instead of precision , a better word to use for how many decimal digits the device displays is resolution . 
  tesla licenses panasonic battery tech , they currently have no battery know-how to my knowledge . 
  and unless you want more ncr18650as , i 'm not sure what 's the purpose of this post . 
  these are standard terms in the engineering world http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phys4430/phys4430_sp15/manuals_and_datasheets/fluke_115_multimeter_data_sheet.pdf, 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  they probably have n't . 
  now git off mah lawn !, 
  with how easy it is to move between states ( presumably , you certainly do n't have to apply for migration papers or w/e ) , i 'd personally do that instead of returning to analogs . 
  or use vendors that ships juice `` illegally '' to my state . 
  or use the black market . 
  i would certainly not return back to the deathsticks . 
  what 's wrong with pole dancers ? 
  what 's wrong with pole dancers being part of an advertising event for consumer goods ? 
  thank you !, 
  i have observed two classifications of greek-americans ( observational , unscientific , subjective opinions follow ) . 
  the first is the type that has completely assimilated into american culture and only mention its greek roots in passing , or occasionally comes to greece for vacations . 
  the second type idolizes a distorted image of greek culture with elements from the 50s and 60s , mixed with random contemporary elements sprinkled here and there . 
  i think that neither type would be really interested in modern bougatsa . 
  while i did enter the giveaway , i find the keyboard itself pretty ugly and the bottom row key sizes are all over the place . 
  thank you !, 
  depends on the trouble . 
  nicotine will delay or halt healing after dental work so it 's advisable to stop vaping for a while in those situations . 
  also , the hot vapor may soften and destroy any naturally forming clots over incisions or extraction sites . 
  if in doubt , ask your dentist . 
  if he seems unsure , explain the operation of an ecigarette in plain terms and list the main ingredients of the juice . 
  tell him about the warmth of the vapor , as well as the negative pressure forming in the mouth when taking a hit . 
   typical electronic cigarettes operate somewhere between 3 and 9 watts . 
  oh how times have changed . 
  just go to an old ( 2 years + ) vapeshop and it 's almost guaranteed you 'll find replacement 510 cartomizers . 
  i bought a 2.1 \u03a9 one for fun and used it , minimal vapor production and flavor anywhere between 5 to 9 watts . 
  i also have a rebuildable carto , an atmistique diver clone , and it vapes with similar intensity . 
  thank you, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/ferongr, 
  nicotine , like caffeine , is an awesome stimulant . 
  i do n't see any reason for not vaping it if you want to . 
  thank you, 
  i assume you 're going to use a current measuring resistor to monitor resistance changes in realtime ( by comparing current to voltage ) using the adc port . 
  10 bits of resolution means 1024 distinct values . 
  i do n't think the micro has what it takes for `` 10-15 times the resolution that our current tc boards do '' . 
  you need a product manager  . 
  though seriously , with such projects you need to decide on the requirements first , turn those requirements into concrete specifications and them come up with a design that can satisfy them . 
  this ai n't yo momma 's arduino-driven blinking led . 
  i 'd still prefer it if it used 18650s . 
  right now it feels just awkard . 
  hope you verified the voltage accuracy of those cheap $ 5 multimeters with a 3rd `` reference '' one . 
  even if they read the same , they could both be off . 
  depending on your powersupply and how well its regulated , the output voltage may rise when the current drawn from the cell drops . 
  if you trust your multimeters you can go up to 4.20 v. 
  at 4.12 v you 're missing amost 1/6th the capacity . 
  they could do series but it would require the bottom plate to be electrically isolated from the main body , and any loose coins etc bridging that gap could result in problems . 
  nice . 
  hope the final product is worth it . 
  check all orings . 
  make sure the semi-transparent orings holding the glass ( two pieces , one top and one bottom ) are in place , as well as the oring on the chimney ( black , can be lost easily if not careful ) . 
  lastly , make sure the screw holding the positive block together it tightened ( unscrew the airflow base and tighten it with a flathead ) . 
  i have two lemo 2s ( as well as two og lemo drops , one donated to my dad ) that have never created such problems . 
  lastly , try a different mod , the resistance problem could be due to the istick . 
  the airflow control ring that you turn is part of an assembly that unscrews from the rest of the atomizer , exposing the central screw [ like so ] ( http://imgur.com/seib9iv ) . 
  you unscrew the airflow while holding the upper part . 
  the screw is under the airflow . 
  do n't know about kefalonia but most weed is greece is equivalent to mexican brick weed . 
  tastes mediocre and the high is not that good . 
  on a small island it 'll probably be all you find . 
  as opposed to smok 's shining track record of perfect qc of non-exploding m80s ? 
  so , how did it turn out patina-wise ? 
  i 'm interested in an authentic copper smpl and seeing how there 's a media-blasted version , i 'm wondering if the patina is subtler ( i 'm too lazy to maintain a polished copper mod :p ), 
  are the batteries wired in parallel or series ( easy to tell checking the continuity between both positive terminals with a multimeter ) ? 
  if parallel i 'm worried that it will be easy to hard-short the device if you install one battery backwards . 
  you can do series charging from usb with a boost converter just fine .
