  i assume that fritz!os ' non-hardware depended functionality is mostly common between the different modern devices ( e.g. 
  the 3490 and the 7490 ) . 
  though support for handing addresses to clients is not that good ( see submission i made yesterday , my device is a tp-link td-w8970 v3 ) . 
  if you use a combination of android and windows machines , only one or the other will have proper ipv6 addressing . 
  remember when mozilla promised that eme would not be like the old plugin situation and that it was `` interoperable and standards compliant '' ? 
  turns out the people that criticized mozilla for its decision to cave to the demands of hollywood were right all along . 
  with drm , we lose . 
  no voltage display on the sc1 , no deal . 
  give my regards to the fempire :\\ ^ ), 
  the gun models are too damn big . 
  i got nauseus trying to follow the action with those blades intruding in my central vision . 
  edit : holy shit error 500, 
  i ca n't do that with the majority of consumer devices out there . 
  avm devices do support such configuration and i 'm about to pull the trigger on one . 
  got my 390 for 360 euro back in march . 
  i 'm not complaining , it was a pretty awesome upgrade from my old 6850 . 
  i do n't think i would last any more with the 6850 with all the titles that came out in the meantime . 
  the og sigelei 150w has the same 510 construction . 
  the 510s are virtually indestructible . 
  i have two og 150s and they 're still soldiering on after one and a half year . 
  of abuse . 
  also , the yihi board on them is very reliable and efficient . 
  i too like eating steak using a straw :\\ ^ ), 
  i like it . 
  i personally cut my pads in half across the grain of the fibers and gain double the amount of wicks from each pad . 
  in a dual parallel configuration , inserting one of the two cells with the wrong orientation will create a hardshort, 
  wait for zen, 
  specs ( edit : almost , dropped the core 10 mhz some time in the past ) as in flair ( 390@1080/1700, i5-3570 ), 
  fire strike | 10 265 | 10 101, 
  graphics score | 13 467 | 12 467, 
  graphics test 1 | 62.66 fps | 58.43 fps, 
  graphics test 2 | 54.96 fps | 50.55 fps, 
  physics score | 6 780 | 9 501, 
  physics test | 21.53 fps | 30.16 fps, 
  combined score | 5 102 | 4 338, 
  combined test | 23.78 fps | 20.18 fps, 
  pretty happy with my 390 purchase back in march . 
  heroes never die !, 
  in practice the passthrough issue should n't matter for cell lifetime or safety . 
  a `` cycle '' is a complete charge and discharge to the minimum discharge voltage the cell manufacturer specifies ( usually 2.5 or 2.8 v ) . 
  i just shuffle the entire vnv nation discography in a playlist and listen to that . 
  so i made an offensive war and asked the ai to abandon 9 planets in 3 systems . 
  i won the war but afterwards the systems were closed off to me and i had no access to the planets , neither had the border changed . 
  why ? 
  no , i definitely cleaned out the sector and made sure to double-check i included all planets in a system in the demands, 
  nope , the xeno scum surrendered . 
  probably that . 
  where can i see the actual ethics divergence value ( is it per pop/planet/sector or empire wide ) ? 
  propaganda is amazing . 
  * barf *, 
  what actually bothers me with sectors is not how they work but how they keep huge stockpiles to themselves and never use it for anything . 
  for example , i have a 500 pop empire with 3 large sectors . 
  i give sectors completed systems with all tiles occupied . 
  my sectors have over 15000 ( and rising ) minerals and energy stockpiled each and do n't use them , simply because there 's nothing to use them for . 
  on the other hand the empire itself the pitiful 5k energy/20k mineral limit is constrained . 
  long wars of attrition can not be maintained even as sectors are swimming in stockpiles . 
  replacing a 30k fleet is an incredible chore as you ca n't just ask from a sector to parallelize building number of ships across all its spaceports and rally them to a location . 
  you also ca n't `` draw '' from a sector 's stockpile . 
  you ca n't even ask a sector to build , for example , a military station at a specific location and let it take care of finding the closest construction ship and building it . 
  while sectors do make sense from a gameplay perspective , they have non-sensical limitations and that 's what frustrates me with them . 
  everything except response times . 
  why not ? 
  it 's not like this is a 4k panel 27 '' panel . . 
   does n't even look that bad these days, 
  just compare it to your android device . 
  tn panels seem lackluster in comparison to a proper ips panel or an s5 ( or later ) samoled display on basic mode . 
   you 're sitting right in front of your monitor anyway, 
  i like not having the display lose 50 % contrast when i lean back on my chair . 
  those roaches are buggy . 
  when you have `` abandon planet '' as a goal with a planet containing them , normal pops get purged but they stay , and their affiliation does n't get removed , so the planet stays in control of the original empire . 
   not big, 
  ( strike force iota was stuck in foreign space of an `` empire '' with closed borders even though it has the range to do a jump with the psi drive ), 
  friends are overrated . 
  especially when you 're at 1500 fleet capacity and generate positive 2000 energy with all fleets undocked . 
  it 's soft-capped . 
  going over 1000 in fleet capacity increases fleet maintenance by ~ ~ 1 % per 10 fleet capacity ~ ~ ( see sibling comment ) over the limit . . 
  so , for example , 1300 fleet capacity costs 30 % more maintenance . 
  yes . 
  excellent , thanks . 
  right , you seem to be correct . 
  i never went above capacity before i hit 1000 so i never thought of that . 
   the result is a set of ultra-thick , ultra-durable abs keycaps that put pbt to the test, 
  i doubt that . 
  a programmer i know has a set of dolch in cherry profile and 8 months in many keycaps ( esp the hjkl ones ) look shiny and worn out . 
  more like / r/hurtleftistfeefees, 
  an authentic `` make america great again '' cap to trigger leftists . 
  ouzo with no ice is best ouzo . 
  ideally you want a water jug with icecubes in it and then you take care not to let any ice get into the glass . 
  some people like eating steak with a spoon . 
  just leave them in peace :\\ ^ ), 
  it 's dc , it wo n't look like a wave . 
  but you can do voltage adjustments with a buck converter , though their implementation is a lot more expensive both in parts cost and board space , and low dc voltages have trouble with making motors start moving . 
  too bad there is n't an ips freesync 1080p monitor in the 23-24 '' range . 
  if there was i would retire my u2311h, 
  the evo is a lot quieter and due to the lower speed and bigger fan diameter it will most likely have a less annoying sound signature at full rpm . 
  i expect eu funds to be wasted on multiple multi-million dollar studies lining the pockets of connected business interests , but not a single actual kilometer of rail being laid . 
  i 'm athenian and i call meat-on-a-stick `` souvlaki '' . 
  i do n't call gyros in a pita a `` sandwich '' though , i just ask for a `` pita gyro '' . 
  sometimes i also ask for a `` pita souvlaki '' . 
  if the employee asks whether i want gyro or something else , i leave the establishment and never visit it again .
