  if that was a fp sensor , there would be a second hole like that for the flashlight and hrm . 
  most likely this is another `` artist 's impression '' . 
  while the chrome-colored accents are of questionable aesthetic quality , the s5 is the answer to what many people in / r/android complain about today ( fragile flagships with non-removable batteries that are very hard to disassemble for repairs ) . 
  the display is protected by the chrome ring that acts as a bumper absorbing shock . 
  the device is extremely easy to disassemble and repair . 
  only the display panel requires a heat gun , and the battery is tool-free replaceable while the device is waterproof ( in the case of the s5 neo , you do n't even have the rubber plug at the usb port ) . 
  what kind of internet connection is that ? 
  i personally consider my adsl2 16.5 / 1 mbps down/up connection superior to current 4g networks , even if in theory they can achieve higher burst speeds . 
  latency on the first hop is 5-10 times higher for 4g networks ( 50-100ms compared to 6-7ms ) and it 's highly variable in the timeframe of 1 minute . 
  gaming with it is not ideal at the best of times and during airwave congestion ( radio spectrum is a shared medium ) really bad . 
   mp3 vs cd and vinyl, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  high bitrate variable preset mp3 is 99.9 % of the time transparent when compared cd audio . 
  `` vinyl '' on the other hand is audibly inferior regardless due to limitations of the format itself . 
  if the source files are mp3 or aac , and the android mediaserver is used for playback , then decoding happens at the bluetooth receiver itself ( so no recompression losses ) . 
  that will be audibly transparent to the original source file ( and 99.9 % of the times , the uncompressed cd-quality file ) and superior to all analog audio storage technologies , even reel-to-reel studio quality tape operating at high speed . 
  that 's your isp 's fault . 
  they either oversubscribe your node , ( too little bandwidth for the amount of users ) , lack enough transit bandwidth to youtube or your physical equipment ( modem , router , or coaxial/copper pair cables ) has a fault . 
  if mobile carriers with modern 4g connections were asked to support the same use cases a wired internet supports right now , they would face the same challenges residential isps face , and the experience would be similar if they did not keep up with their networks . 
  plus the radio spectrum becomes a bottleneck real quick . 
  full hd , 60fps video on youtube is around 12 mbps , low enough that all modern connections will play it without pauses and minimal initial wait time . 
  numbers mean things and can help diagnose issues with one 's connection and help make informed decisions . 
  i frequently shop from chinese websites and i would n't believe anything written in a preorder listing . 
  not even the shipment date . 
  stop hyping yourselves like sega vs nintendo 12 year olds . 
   a consumer is not here to diagnose or work out the issue, 
  assuming it 's a technical issue , the isp 's support definitely can . 
  in my case they diagnosed current leakage in the copper loop through the dslam and sent out someone to the cabinet to repair it . 
  in the end , the copper pair from the cabinet to the building ingress point was swapped with an unused one and the issue resolved . 
  with tr-069 in modern cpes , everything can be diagnosed . 
  if it 's not an isp issue but rather beyond the demarcation point then a computer technician will do it . 
  even if it 's not a technical issue it 's still good to know what the problem is and use it as leverage to either void the contract when needed , or leverage it to get lower prices . 
  in the end , even with `` gigabit 4g '' the typical pitfalls of limited transit and oversubscription of nodes still remain , with the added issue of radio spectrum congestion that can not be fixed , even less when heavily used . 
  at that time , very low bitrates were used for easy sharing over the outdated file-sharing protocols of the era and the limited drive space . 
  outdated encoders did play a role ( though in the grand scheme of things , with limitations of cbr mp3 , not that much ) but with higher bitrate they could become pretty much transparent ( though with more problem samples than modern encoders ) . 
  a proper bluetooth receiver ( headphones , portable speaker etc ) will advertise mp3 and aac support and the device will transmit those files directly for decoding , resulting in no reencoding losses due to sbc . 
  ticking warscore and shanty town are the only ones i consider mandatory since they fix problems with the game that should have been fixed before release , namely the completely braindead warscore accumulation system and the somewhat less braindead ( but still ... special ) sector ai . 
  at the moment it 's extremely basic and in no way a replacement for mp3tag . 
  you should decide what to do for { multiple values } . 
  ideally one should be able to edit them in-place . 
  for example , foobar2000 uses a [ popup dialog ] ( https://i.imgur.com/d2kepvf.png ) and you can quickly fill multiple tags that way , navigating lines with enter or tab/shift-tab . 
  recognize added tags like apev2 or custom fields and vorbis comments in id3v2 and respectively ( replaygain or other fields added by some cd ripping software ) . 
  support ( and recognize ) more embedded image types ( artist , back cover etc ), 
  allow the user to select whether to use padding for tag updates ( fast speed , file size waste if you remove images , incompatible with some devices ) or rewrite the entire file ( slow , more compatible , size reduction when removing embedded images ) . 
  i still like my monkey-version s5 ( more modern soc and no rubber flap , no fp scanner ) . 
  the dns-based tests seem extremely flaky . 
  yes , it 's somewhat of a gimmick . 
  it only helps with the first ever connection between two devices . 
  afterwards it does nothing . 
  oh welp , no buy then . 
  thanks . 
  speed is irrelevant for freight . 
  but that takes lots of manual work for no real reason . 
  baby 's first onahole . 
  to fleshlight `` onahole '' \u03b5\u03af\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 . 
  those low-light shots look like they came from a $ 200 device and the battery life is dissapointing . 
  it 's similar to an sd820 s7e that has a 500mah smaller battery . 
  commies vs nazis : the ultimate showdown, 
  the problem is that after around 70-100 concurrent connections my network begins to slow down and latency goes through the roof without affecting throughput . 
  this makes web browsing very slow , even when wan is far from saturated . 
  i just want to verify whether it 's the amount of nat entries handled by the router the reason for the slowdown , in order to decide on my next purchase ( most probably an edgerouter x ), 
  my device is just fine with 2gb . 
  very rarely do i find activities terminated . 
  it 's a tp-link td-w8970 v3 dsl modem/router . 
  it has a single-core , slowly clocked mips soc ( from a `` budget '' broadcom line ) so it 's possible that the issue is there . 
  it 's a tp-link td-w8970 v3 dsl modem/router , really budget device . 
  decoding at the headset using ad2p is superior since no re-encoding happens ( aptx is still a lossy codec ) . 
  the ad2p bluetooth profile ( used for music streaming ) supports multiple codecs . 
  sbc , a low complexity , low quality codec is mandatory per spec . 
  the devices can also suppport optional codecs like mp3 and aac . 
  aptx is such a codec , but it 's proprietary and using it requires licensing and certification from qualcomm ( formerly from csr ) . 
  when an app uses the android mediaserver to decode an audio file with a bluetooth headset being the media receiver , if the headset advertises support for the coded being played , then the system streams the compressed data directly to it . 
  then the headset decodes the mp3 or aac file directly without incurring any quality penalties . 
  if the source is something like youtube or a codec not supported by the headset , then either sbc or aptx ( if supported by both the handset and headset ) are used . 
  sbc is low complexity and encoding it on the handset is very easy but quality may suffer due to the codec . 
  aptx claims to offer better quality . 
  edit : note that today , mp3 and aac support is widespread in most headsets . 
  my only experience was with an asmedia sata 3 controller in the sandy-bridge era . 
  performance was pretty mediocre , 25-30 % slower compared to a native intel port in a later mobo , across the board ( sequential and random access ) . 
   compared to a native intel port in a ** later ** mobo, 
  the one with the asmedia ports was h61 based and had no native sata3 at all . 
  yes . 
  on the othe hand you have way better battery life as aptx is not trivial to encode like sbc . 
  flac has too high bitrate to be streamed over bluetooth reliably . 
  opus is a relatively new and `` niche '' codec with no support in hardware . 
  even high bitrate sbc will sound fine most of the time , speakers of headphone drivers are of way greater importance when it comes to sound quality . 
  the difference bwould be hard to measure in real terms depending on the performance of the device too . 
  there 's also the possibility that with a qualcomm chipset you have aptx hardware encoding . 
  i 'm stealing that pasta, 
  looks like a fake case design on a fake render , made to advertise uag itself . 
  i think everyone regurgitates the same design `` leaked '' some time ago . 
  for some reason i 'm not really sold on the specifics of the design ( outside of the overall footprint of it ) . 
  or it could be some kernel module or driver in the os , the same problem as most stock lollipop samsung roms had . 
  the system would run out of memory very quickly and discarded activities in the background . 
  luckily , marshmallow fixed the issue and a few others ( i went from 2-3 hours sot and 24 hours standby per charge to 4-5 hours sot with 5-6 days of standby per charge ) . 
  really fires up those neurons . 
  the problem with 40mhz-wide channels is that when the spectrum is crowded , using them can lead to actually lower speeds and even issues with connectivity in pathological cases . 
  there 's a reason it 's not enabled by default . 
  it 's one thing to claim to have capabilities implemented in silicon . 
  it 's another thing to actually have stable , safe and usable drivers allowing userspace apps to access them .
