  $ 45 http://arizer.com/store/en/arizer-air/103-air-dual-battery-charger.html, 
  does this looks similar ? 
  they recommend one of the worst chargers you can get off fasttech and also sell it with almost 800 % markup . 
  i bet the battery cells they authorize are some of the worst bottom-of-the-barrel crap . 
  if you use the luc v4 i hope it 's a 2014 version . 
  the old version terminated at too high a voltage and probably damages the cells . 
  i suggest you use a different meter and check a freshly charged battery . 
  i dunno man , i gained 5 kilos ever since i started vaping and dripping did n't decrease my appetite . 
  well , the god mod is a bit of an / r/shitty _ ecr candidate by itself , it comes ego threaded . 
  yes , they are genuine . 
  the only fans in my rig are the cpu , gpu and psu fans and i do n't see issues with them , maybe because they get warm due to proximity to hot things . 
  why are facebook vaping groups so fucking terrible ? 
  one person claims the cloupor t8 uses yihi chips , another one says that in china they hand-solder smt components , they all pat themselves on the back and laugh and valid questions for proof on various claims are met with image macros etc. 
  that looks like a nimh battery . 
  way different chemistries and safety considerations, 
  does it get hot without shutting off like the smok 50w tube that pbusardo gave a thumbs down ? 
  the 50w istick has 4400mah of battery capacity and it also looks like it can fit 22/23mm attys without overhang . 
  people complaining about ecr have n't visited some vaping related forums or fb groups . 
  forum admins are protective of vendors/mod makers they 're buddies with and old posters ' word is gospel . 
  fb groups are generally terrible all around and everyone pats themselves on the back ( and `` like '' each other 's posts ) , no matter what kind of idiotic thing one of them may say . 
  i genuinely want to see some cloupor t5 insertion play ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i ordered a sigelei 150 2 days ago and the code did come in handy . 
  this is what the a local juice manufacturer has to say on the issue . 
  look at the glycerin section . 
  you missread , it says that 99 % comes from the biofuel industry and the biofuel byproduct is the `` synthetic '' one . 
  istick and magma . 
  i 'm waiting for a sigelei 150w to ship from ft at the moment . 
  i do n't know about button issues but sigelei 's internals are really clean , tidy and nicely spaced . 
  a lot more expensive devices like vaporsharks are a lot messier inside . 
  the aris rda has a [ unique airflow scheme ] ( http://www.ultravaping.com/v/vspfiles/photos/h-ta-aris-4.jpg ) that prevents leaks even when laid on its side , with liquid sloshing freely in the dripwell . 
  this is to be expected since the sx330 as used in those dual-battery boxes operates in buck mode ( does n't boost ) so instead of lying or trying to regulate , resulting in unsafe currents drawn from the batteries it just does n't fire there . 
  i mistakenly ordered 15 meters of nichrome instead of kanthal . 
  i can still use it just fine for coil building taking in account its lower resistance , right ? 
  i know , i 'm mostly asking about performance and ease of building it . 
  i 've ordered some 0.4 and 0.5 mm so it should be fine resistance wise , i wo n't have to build long-ass coils . 
  cellphone batteries do drop in voltage as they deplete , the voltage is just regulated to a precise level to run the phone itself . 
  in the case of vw mods , trying to draw the same power from a depleted battery sagging to 3.3 v under load would require the chip to draw a greater current that would probably be unsafe . 
  it 's safer to just deny the requested power . 
  dual 18650s are running at their limits enough as it is at 150w . 
  well , i personally do n't vape at 2550f so i 'm good in that department . 
  also , i 'll be using 24 and 26 awg so i 'm good there too . 
  oh , i know full well who 's who when it comes to the editors of this article . 
  i 've also read the [ wikipediocracy thread ] ( http://wikipediocracy.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=8&amp;t=5833 ) . 
  i just wanted to bring to the attention of other redditors that the ecig article is in a really bad state due to edit warring and some editors specifically , and that people thinking of taking up vaping should not be directed to it . 
  i 'm not a wiki editor but i 'm sure opponents would find some kind of obscure wikipedia rule to shut the down . 
  at least you have temperature units in celsius ... 
  you 're lucky , here in europe we still have n't started to receive dec 13 vapemail . 
  i have a vapewild giveaway bottle still coming . 
  you can buy juice in supermarkets over there ... 
  damn i 'm jealous ... 
  i do n't know about twisted but some of the things / u/newreno says are true ( e.g. 
  pbusardo being somewhat of an evolv shill ) . 
  indoorsmokers shills for the miccigs brand that rebrands other people 's ( kanger for example ) hardware and sells them at a markup . 
   but with the signing of a new sponsorship deal with e-cig company truvape ... 
  oh , so money was involved , not a decision based on other facts . 
  crunchberry lemon arrived and it 's really good . 
  thanks , / u/opensourcevapor, 
  very nice . 
  i 'm currently using an istick and a magma . 
  the low wattage of the istick precludes the usage of thick wires and sub-ohm resistances ( that result in lots of mass to heat ) and the magma 's airflow is not enough for me in single-coil mode with one airhole open . 
  currently i 'm using a 1.1 ohm build using 28 gauge while the sweet spot is 29 gauge ( 30 gauge is just too bothersome to build ) . 
  takes a bit to heat but hits smoothly and with tons of flavor . 
  i 'm awaiting a sigelei 150w that will allow me to drip optimally . 
  note that i started dripping and building on my 3rd week of vaping and now , almost after 1 month of only using my magma , i do n't feel i can go back to tanks , rebuildables or otherwise . 
  maybe i 'll try the delta 2 's rba airflow since people say it 's very airy . 
  sorry for the late reply but how do you find the rba head 's airflow ? 
  is it comparable or better than the lemo ? 
  anybody uses the delta 2 with the rba head ? 
  how airy is the airflow in comparison to say , the lemo or the magma ( that i own and know how its airflow very well ) ? 
  are such coilbuilds the equivalent of car `` bodykits '' i.e. 
  something made to look good even to the detriment of performance ? 
  silver , because it does n't scratch easily . 
  you paid $ 24.99 for something that costs $ 10 wholesale ( and $ 14 for the i4 ) or $ 14/20 on fastech . 
  do n't worry , they still made over 50 % of profit . 
  that 's why i left all my fb vaping groups . 
  they 're all terrible . 
  15 ml of open source vapor later ... fuck , i fill through the driptip and just now i took notice of what was going on in my magma when i started tasting something gross . 
  i 'll toss the build away , make a new one and go back to vaping my local european juices that burn clean and are equally as delicious . 
  seriously , are all us juices like that or was that particular article that way ? 
  with euro juices i rewick my magma every 30-60ml and i 've yet to have a coil gunk up and become useless , after a dry-burn and some rinsing they 're good as new . 
  the coil in the pic was a lost cause and dry-burning it would make the room smell for days . 
  can / u/opensourcevapor shed some light ? 
  juice config : crunchberry lemon , 35 ml ( +11 = $ 14 ) ( glass dropper bottle ) , 6mg/ml ( low ) , flavor junkie ( 1.5 x flavoring ) , thick ( for dripper ), 
  well , i 've heard something to that effect . 
  regarding flavor boosts , i diy my own ejuice and even with large concentrations of multiple base flavors i have n't had something like this before happen . 
   is that a cotton wick ? 
  and did you dry burn it before or after the pic ? 
  i did n't dry burn the build in pic . 
  this is the second wick after i dewicked , dry-burned and rewicked after i had consumed 8ml . 
  pic is after 15ml consumed in the span of around 36 hours . 
  do n't missunderstand , the juice is really delicious and i appreciate it but ... let 's just say i 'm happy i 'm into rbas and not into something like a subtank with expensive premade heads . 
  yes it is . 
  watts out equals watts in minus board loss . 
  nice , thank you . 
  nobody acknowledges 4.5 mg/ml ; _ ; . 
  it 's a great level to drip for us nicotine junkies . 
  i do n't know about the v1 or the v2 but if they 're anything like the v4 then the v6 has less airflow than them . 
  there are metal tubes protruding from the deck airholes to minimize leaking and those reduce their diameter . 
  sigelei 100w plus . 
  thanks !,
