  what is that , a display for ants ? 
   negating our existence as a nation, 
  sensible chuckle . 
  i 'm not touching it until they put mixed-usage zones more like we have in europe instead of the completely american thing of having everything separate . 
  [ gpu scaling is still broken ] ( https://community.amd.com/message/2794928 ), 
   there got ta be better ways . 
  there are and they 're called automatic couplers . 
  sadly , mainland europe has not progressed past the 19th century on that front . 
  unknown-brand chinese phones are a gamble . 
  bugs with telephony , bugs with the radios , reception problems , possibility of infected stock roms ... 
  at this point , the only `` chinese '' brand that 's worh to import is xiaomi , and that 's only when the package has n't been unsealed . 
  really activates my almonds . 
  big if true . 
  some people are bullies , get over it . 
  filthy casul, 
  balance, 
  gaudiness squared, 
  i use adhell but sadly it does n't allow you to insert a custom domain to block . 
  not bad . 
  no band 20 , required for europe . 
  `` wtf i hate ice now '', 
  is this submission being brigaded ? 
  touch on a desktop environment is what 's terrible . 
  physical buttons * ducks *, 
   and phones, 
  all 3 of them ? 
  people want bigger phones because they can see shit easier on them . 
   most of this sub, 
  all 100 you ? 
  tbh , many countries ( even in `` enlightened europe '' ) are worse than the us in those aspects , and their constitutions are regulardly amended to match the political climate . 
  my device manages fine with 2gb of ram . 
  while i may not be able to keep more than 5-6 apps active in the background , during normal usage i do n't see any issues , even when loading desktop-optimized websites with lots of contents . 
  but you trigger your slo-mo cameras from the same console switch you trigger your detonator . 
  with a smartphone you have to time it just right and due to the extremely short recording time , it wo n't amount to anything else than a gimmick . 
  1 second would be enough to time and record some cool shit ( firing a gun , projectile hitting ballistic gel etc etc ) , 0.2 of a second is not . 
  i 'd buy the fuck out of it . 
  trump has nothing to do with the golden dawn . 
  the chinese do n't know what the fuck they 're doing, 
  i do n't get what the problem is . 
  i do n't suffer from such problems since i 've remoded photos and use the old windows 7-era image viewer, 
  wo n't visit t_d but subsidized/single payer/w . e. 
  healthcare would do nothing for that fat fuck . 
  he just got ta stop eating . 
  all i 'm reading is excuses . 
  he 's right though . 
   that doesnt make sense, 
  why not ? 
  do n't know why you 're downvoted , firefox for android has completely fucked scrolling physics ( inertia , friction and responce to flicks ) . 
  it feels completely alien . 
  plus if you 're left-handed you basically ca n't use the tabs since it has no gestures to access the tab switcher or switch tabs . 
  but as it turns out ( judging from samsung 's resolution scaling feature ) , resolution does n't really affect battery life ( at least computationally , i 'd wager the panel power consumption difference is very small at worst ) . 
  on the other hand , if you 're gon na pay for flagship specs , you 'd better get them even on the display . 
  [ all variants ] [ slippery-slide buttery smooth ] [ 100 % battery saving ] [ cm13 based ] [ dark theme ] darkmallow [ 1 + downloads ], 
  hello xda i welcome u my new rom darkmallow based of cm 13, 
  features :, 
  - all cm features, 
  - dark theme, 
  working :, 
  - boot, 
  bugs :, 
  - no wifi, 
  - no calling, 
  - no dark theme, 
  - you tell me ; ; , 
  please use search before reporting and dont ask for etas, 
  download :, 
  see post below, 
  `` super '' - francisco franco, 
  `` great rom some freezes but daily driver material '' - rajeesh singh, 
  please donate here and buy me a beer :, 
  | donate with paypal |, 
  rajeeshsingh197 is not responsible for bricked devices , dead sd cards , thermonuclear war , or you getting fired because the alarm app failed . 
  please do some research if you have any concerns about features included in the products you find here before flashing it !, 
  you are choosing to make these modifications , and if you point the finger at me for messing up your device , i will laugh at you . 
  your warranty will be void if you tamper with any part of your device / software . 
  sent from my oneplus one using tapalk, 
  if i helped u hit thanks, 
  reserved 1, 
  reserved 2, 
  reserved 3, 
  reserved 4, 
  reserved 5, 
  [ at least you 're not anthony burch - / v / the musical iv, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb6tqxqwsfu ), 
   this is so counter-intuitive to non-native speakers, 
  no it 's not . 
  it just takes a sliver of mental capacity to correctly use it . 
  it 's not apparent from looking at the sub 's submissions though . 
  even in space you wo n't be able to have mixed-used districts . 
  amd is a third-world based company who make inferior , `` knock-off '' copies of american processor chips . 
  they use child labor extensively in their third world sweatshops , and they deliberately disable the security features that american processor makers , such as intel , use to prevent hacking . 
  amd chips are never sold in stores , and you will most likely be told that you have to order them from internet sites . 
  do not buy this chip !, 
  because socialism only works in fiction . 
  i recoil with suspicion . 
  if something like this was truly proposed without a complete change of the political landscape in turkey ( that would probably plunge it in civil war ) , it would most likely be a ploy for the turkification of islands and frontier areas for an eventual takeover . 
  indeed . 
  it 's 15-year old pasta . 
  so it will use an inferior sensor without pdaf . 
  lasers are `` kewl '' .
