  hilarity ensued , with high end 4gb devices not being able to store more than a few apps later down the road . 
  why do you need root ( it 'd be great if you explained before requesting the permission ) ? 
  what is the `` device identifier '' you want ? 
  which one do you collect and how do you use it ? 
  where 's the privacy policy ? 
  what does your app do better ( rhetorical question , it does n't do anything better at the moment ) compared to other apps on the play store like cpu-z ? 
  emojis are cancer . 
  computers are good at computing things !, 
  rmaa . 
  maybe he means older generation pentile displays that had a different pixel arrangement , in addition to low resolution . 
  storage space split in two partitions , internal sd and the normal partition apps go to . 
  suddenly , your ca n't install any more apps on your 4gb device because your 512mb app partition is full , while the internal sd partitions is half-used . 
  my og sigelei 150 is still working well after two years of heavy use and abuse ( it even fell and landed on the track at a metro station ) . 
  it ca n't be beat for build quality ( body is cnc machined aluminum ) and reliability . 
  it does n't have all the functionality of newer mods but if you vape vw then it 's probably the best you can get . 
  somebody is trying to `` kickstart '' generic odm shit from china . 
  mid-range octacore exynos cpus are pretty damn nice actually . 
  not true : https://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/database/sm-g930f/, 
  fingerprint sensor integrated in the power button . 
  press the button normally ( very small amount of time held down ) to turn on the screen and display the lockscreen , then touch while the lockscreen is displayed to unlock , or hold the button down to unlock directly bypassing the lockscreen . 
  yes , but i ca n't get over the position of the volume rocker with them , and the power button is a bit too low for my taste . 
  oh , you did n't specify that you meant the us version . 
  us is weird when it comes to its mobile market and i do n't really hold it indicative of the rest of the world . 
  both the sd808 and the kirin 650 are inferior to the a53 exynos octas in both benchmarked performance and , dare i say , real life speed , while at the same time exynos modems are pretty good , unlike the crappy kirin modems . 
  also , the real retail prices of the devices will be 50 euros lower compared to the indicatred msrp . 
  because a smartphone is more than the sum of its cores , thermals , memory controller , kernel scheduler tuning and the soc implementation itself ( cache , interconnects between cores etc ) . 
  i understand it 's more expensive , but then all newly released devices are , and you do n't have to live with either a bootlooping device with no official support in europe , or emui . 
  if i left universal healthcare take care of me , i would have to get one of my legs amputated . 
  instead i opted to pay for a titanium rod implanted where my femur used to be , and everything stitched back together . 
  my monkey-model s5 was terrible under lollipop , so much that i considered selling the phone and getting something cheaper . 
  it was even slower than my older $ 120 budget phone , after 5-6 hours the entire device would slow to a crawl . 
  then marshmallow came and transformed the device , turning it from a $ 100 device to something equivalent of modern flagships in speed . 
  to be honest , most devices during the lollipop era performed terrible , regardless of manufacturer , cpu ( qualcomm , exynos , mtk ) , gpu or specs . 
  why is the powerbutton lower than the volume rocker ? 
  stellaris , 1000 stars , low habitability , aggressive ai , ironman mode . 
  how can you tell when it has been proven in double-blind tests that humans can not tell between 16bit/44 .1 khz audio and `` high-res '' http://www.aes.org/e-lib/browse.cfm?elib=14195, 
  you 're either suffering from the placebo effect or the setting does somethimg unexpected to the hardware and affects playback in other ways . 
   the byzantine name mod had n't updated yet for 1.17, 
  would it really matter ? 
  i shamelessly recreated your setting in my own game ( only with sedetary , communal , adaptable traits ) and the byzantine namelist mod seems to work just fine ( from looking in the mod archive , it does n't edit any gamefiles , it just adds one with the new names ) . 
  grand strategy !, 
  lovecraftian horror !, 
  unfinished !, 
  modern samoled displays on basic mode are incredibly accurate . 
  the v20 's display , not so much , color accuracy is mediocre and color temperature is 9000k ( !, 
   random ten year old article, 
  calling an aes paper a `` random ten year old article '' shows your biases . 
   yes you can, 
  please post your abx logs and test-files . 
   audio engineer here, 
  your credentials do n't really matter . 
  it 's a paper in a scientific journal , it 's not an `` article '' . 
   you would have improved specifications allowing for up to 192khz audio on blue ray, 
  marketing . 
   you 'd have hardware manufacturers trying to improve the accuracy of dacs and adcs each and every year, 
  generally , the dac itself is perfected ( oversampling dacs have been transparent ever since the 90s , the audio cd era ) , in many implementations it 's the analog stage that suffers , and that 's more due to financial or board-space constraints , not lack of expertise . 
   ( and btw , the main reason 16bit is still used is probably related to the red book cd standard or something like that . 
  i think that 48/24 audio was never adopted to dvd either because of the high demands of video regarding to video, 
  the world-length is due to the fact that computer world-lengths are in multiple of 8-bits . 
   like i said , the difference can be subtle or great depending on your ears and gear . 
  it 'd be nice if you could submit proof of the actual audibility of high-resution audio . 
  no doubt , the aes would shower you with grant money and pay for you to lecture around the word . 
  when someone makes a claim contrary to scientific consensus , evidence is needed . 
  bachelor in electrical engineering and digital audio enthusiast . 
  neither `` audio engineer '' is . 
  you ca n't appeal to authority to support a claim , actual proof is needed . 
  `` the weather feels cold today , global warming does not exist '' . 
   i am not stupid and know that . 
  you should look out for the red book cd specs also . 
  i know what the red book standard is . 
   again , proof for what ? 
  i hear it , i have better ears than most people i know and like i said, 
  oh well , now i know not take you seriously . 
  in case you do believe you can trust sighted testing , google about audio placebo and the mcgurk effect . 
  perception of sound is really imprecise and the mind as well as other sensory information affects it greatly . 
   real world use is very different from lab testing, 
  i do n't know what you mean about `` lab testing '' but technology has surpassed the limitations of human hearing a long time ago, 
  the lowest frequencies in the audible spectrum are the most easy to reproduce for a digital system due to their low bandwidth . 
  it 's the same with lossy encoders , bass is not affected at all even on low bitrates , mid and high frequences ( depending on encoder lowpass also ) and transients . 
  a better headphone output with an amplification circuit that produces less distortion and that has better frequency response will obviously drive headphones better . 
  a `` dac '' ( digital-to-analog converter ) with world-length and sampling rate greater than 16 bit / 44.1-48khz will not . 
  people that claim to be superhuman should reliably be able to pass an abx and provide proof of their claims . 
  until then ... 
  yes , but that example support the narrative so people omit it . 
  even the old s5 had ip67 protection and it did n't even use a glued back but rather a plastic rear panel with a seal . 
  that 's not true , only some esoteric qualcomm models are still on lollipop . 
  really makes you think ... 
  they released the v20 with a display having a white temperature of 9000k . 
  it was obvious they did n't give a shit . 
  your empire has an opinion of other empires . 
  you can only see that opinion by switching to opinion map mode , clicking the zone of influence of another empire ( to switch to their perspective ) and then hovering over your own empire . 
  it has nothing to do with government type ( the imperator of imperium romanum has a divine mandate ) . 
  most likely it 's a bug or oversight from paradox 's part . 
  the player , after all , is supposed to be the unquestionable ruler or the empire after all . 
  thing is , there are no real factions with different agendas in stellaris . 
  the populations are either happy or unhappy depending on their ethos and the actions the player takes , but they do not try to directly influence the political landscape ( that would mean shifting empire ethos by electing a leader to do it in democratic empires or an ultimatum while revolting ) or actually interesting population faction mechanics . 
  i like how they were so cheap they only reinforced one of the pcie x16 slots . 
  but in this case , it 's the player requesting association status . 
  furthermore , ai ethos affects your empire ( note the xenophile diplomacy modifier of the ai empire affecting me ) . 
  it 's a completely unintuitive and opaque system that unless massively reworked , should be disabled .
