  any pictures from the bottom of the barrel/top cap to see how it 's like ? 
  i 'm intrigued by the top-airflow . 
  thanks , so apparently it 's just two slots on the top of the barrel looking downwards towards the coils . 
  no reduced chamber shenanigans . 
  i have the same issue . 
  funny thing is , it manifests in real life . 
  so i go to the vapeshop i frequent . 
  it 's christmas . 
  i see the following christmas lights : http://imgur.com/qswis9t, 
  the first words i uttered : `` nice little mod , does it have a mech switch in it ? '' . 
  i took some seconds for my brain to register its true function . 
  parent is correct , do n't downvote him ffs . 
  in any case , `` step-down '' makes no sense in a pwm device . 
  pwm itself is a way to reduce the power by chopping the waveform/power . 
  a pwm device that `` can not do step-down '' is a non-sequitur, 
   is now writing on their page , that you should use a stable power source when using usb , and that car-chargers and computer ports are not stable, 
  regarding computer usb ports . 
  they 're just trying to cover up for their mediocre usb circuit that exploded in an instance . 
  for measuring , i use 1 ml syringes for flavor concentrates and a 20ml syringe for bases . 
  for plastic-wrecking concentrates ( that destroy syringes ) i use a plastic pipette . 
  i use 100ml brown glass bottles ( and a 50ml one for unproven mixes ) to let them age before consuming them . 
  finally , i use 20ml soft needle-nosed bottles to carry them around . 
  i drip 24/7 ( even on the road ) so the latter help me . 
  upvote for the wire . 
  and that sequence of scenes with the song playing in the background were really powerful . 
   however china \u00b4 s novel approach to intellectual property and international patent laws may prove fatal to such companies in the future ? 
  the rapid advancement in the quality and the drop in prices of vaping devices came to be by the completely free market . 
  instead of having manufacturers waste enormous fees in patent litigation , they spend that money in r&d and that makes the products improve with incredible velocity . 
  well , there are many ce5s out there . 
  i can vape the aspire ce5 with the bvc coils at 5v ( i.e. 
  14w ) all day . 
  ce4s are all the same outdated shit though . 
  there 's no need to put venting on lipo devices . 
  the failure mode of the cells is violent explosion , not gas escape . 
  what . 
  there are many atomizers that can handle different wattages and voltages . 
  this study has no bearing on my vaping practices . 
  in case i 'm not tasting burnt . 
  the recreation of the study showed that formaldehyde was released during a dry-puff condition . 
  this is obvious when it happens . 
  i do n't know if the elevated wattage i 'm using is perfectly safe ( and i do n't use the ce5 anymore , i have turned to rdas ) but i do know that it does not release that level of formaldehyde since i 'm not dry-puffing it . 
  i 'll wait for concrete data by reliable sources before changing my vaping habits , until then i 'll be using common sense . 
  contrary to most people , i 'll recommend you do n't throw them away . 
  if you have a good charger ( like an xtar vp1 ) put them in and it will attempt to reactivate them with a very small current . 
  this is safe since the current is very small . 
  if after 5-6 hours you do n't see an increase in the cell 's voltage , then it 's the time to recycle them . 
  i have regenerated 3 almost completely discharged cells in good condition with my vp1, 
  i see no brands in these juices ... 
  does mysb make them themselves ? 
  i thought the deal originally that you could `` discover gourmet e liquid from around the world '' . 
  switching the boxes to their own juice line that they make in a bathtub or a random steel drum is hardly impressive , especially for that price . 
   vaponaute in on the storm, 
  you should substitute `` in '' with `` by '' . 
  this confused me . 
   there are 4 airflow holes that all converge into the middle under the coils . 
  well , technically those four airflow holes feed air into a hollow base . 
  from there , a kayfun-like hollow positive pole feeds air from the base to the build deck . 
  the lemo could have a single slot and still work the same way . 
  for an example of how a multiple-airhole rta looks , see the orchid and its derivatives , the billow and the goblin . 
  for my istick/magma combo , a dual coil made by 12 wraps of 0.3 mm kanthal on a 2mm screwdriver works best . 
  good flavor and good vapor . 
  the only negative is the 2 second ( from cold ) ramp-up time . 
  forgot to mention , you should aim for as low as possible a resistance for using a `` modern '' rda with low-wattage devices like the istick . 
  lower resistance means less wire to heat up and due to the way the istick measures voltage , you get a few more watts at 1\u03a9 compared to something like 1.4 \u03a9 . 
  [ xtar is where it 's at ] ( http://lygte-info.dk/review/review%20charger%20xtar%20vp1%20uk.html ) . 
  very good charging algorithm , 1 amp charging and proper termination current for maximizing the capacity of the cells . 
  couple more pics from the ecf forum linked by a member of my local greek forum . 
  note that when i first posted the links . 
  i received lots of skepticism ( `` those look like blowtorch marks '' ) and rationalizations . 
  at this point i think that many people , owners of the device , are willing to rationalize away the possible issues or dangers ... and what , for a $ 40 ( 75 $ in local b&m s ) device ? 
  passthough batteries disconnect the charger when firing the atomizer . 
  essentially what they do is disconnect the usb cable for you . 
  the usb port has no problems . 
  i made that . 
  received some downvotes by salty shiny metal tube afficionados . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm still ambivalent about buying one to use with the rba section exclusively since i have n't seen it irl to compare it to the magma 's ( perfect for me in a tank ) or the lemo 's ( borderline ) airflow . 
  if it does n't satisfy me after testing i 'll go towards the deep end and get a youde goblin . 
  they 're vernier calipers !, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  have you noticed any issues with battery capacity ? 
  personally i 've solely been using the magma , building at 1ohm exactly and using it at 20w all way and i got ta keep it connected otherwise in two hours it dies . 
  seems like the lipo cell is degrading . 
  i personally order small value things on on a schedule and always have fresh things arriving . 
  waiting does n't feel bad . 
  i 've disassembled it , i know what cell it is . 
  the size is close to an 18650 battery but it 's a lipo cell that 's slightly smaller since it does n't have a sheet-metal casing . 
  a normal 18650 is a tighter fit inside . 
  edit : it 's this cell : http://www.globalmarket.com/product-info/polymer-cylindrical-battery-8355231.html, 
  i did n't touch the cables but i think the lipo has integrated cables that run directly to the board . 
  you can have your weed but not your ecigs . 
  talk about some fucked up laws and political system . 
   freak clearomizer accident, 
  i 'm stealing that . 
  i thought the aqua v2 has less airflow than the orchid . 
  actually , they are proper 10.5 amp batteries . 
  more [ here ] ( http://lygte-info.dk/review/batteries2012/efest%20imr18350%20700mah%20%28purple%29%202014%20uk.html ) . 
  [ this is how an overrated battery looks like .
