  the first amendment generally protects expressive conduct . 
  in the same way that wearing a shirt with the colors of the lgbt flag is considered supporting and raising awareness for the movement , blowing clouds in open public spaces respectfully can be considered raising awareness about vaping . 
  in any case , feelings of others should not limit the expression of people . 
  i do n't blow clouds in closed public places so you could n't hate the vape shops i frequent , you 're just making assumptions following the circle jerk . 
  will you be selling the ares board by itself ? 
  it 's subjective whether the m being an asshole blowing a cloud up in the air . 
  personally i 'd rather act like vaping is perfectly normal than act stigmatized like gay people before they were accepted . 
  for me , either get a sigelei 150w or if you ca n't afford that save money for it . 
  another option is a dual 18650 parallel mosfet/mech box . 
  scroll down to the thermal camera images . 
  you have 60 degree hotspots on the top , it 's normal . 
  i 'll echo what others have said , there 's no need to do such a mod for those wattage levels . 
  i vape thick 95 % thick vg liquids ( diy ) with twisted 0.32 mm anywhere from 25 to 35w and i have no issues with the stock juice channels . 
  the nova 22 . 
  i have [ this ] ( https://www.fasttech.com/products/3028/10011076/1992100 ) polished clone from ft. great flavor , easy build and not bad in the cloud department too . 
  the airflow is just perfect for me , a somewhat restricted lung hit . 
  mine had both preinstalled . 
  if yours did n't there 's a small bag of spares in the box , pick the biggest one and install it . 
  also , there 's a possibility of an oring being there but wet with juice and hard to see . 
  what 's the base from ? 
  i understand that the chimneys are from a kayfun lite + but the base is unknown to me . 
  top fill . 
  i very rarely find myself having to fiddle with my build . 
  on the other hand , the top fill is awesome . 
  i can do it in the dark , i do n't have to unscrew my atty from the mod or do weird maneuvers where i hold the mod upside down to screw it on the atomizer . 
  it just feels more convenient . 
  unless you run too high a wattage for your coil , it will settle at a temperature . 
  when puffing the air as well as the juice flowing cools the coil down . 
  it 's the reason why we can take 10 second hits and not burn our cotton . 
  not really true , at 1 ohm you 're limited to ~ 55w , you should really aim for 0.7 or lower to reach higher wattages . 
  also , since the 150w is a buck-only box , as the batteries deplete you will see the maximum voltage drop to as low as 5.5 v from 33 % on . 
  a 1 ohm coil will just get weaker and weaker once batteries are starting to be depleted . 
  you 've just got cloupored , op ( cloupor makes the cana boxes ) . 
  interesting , i thought only cloupor was the one that did the whole cana thing to bypass trademark issues . 
  not me either . 
  i got into the original preorder in april 10 . 
  it still is `` processing '' . 
  hope you 're not burning your herbs . 
  enter the 21st century and come join us at / r/vaporents, 
  i do n't know , i still see many mtl rbas coming out ( e.g. 
  two i know of , and are made here in greece are the calix by leo and the phenomenon by gus mod ) . 
  i 've yet to see them reviewed by either agrafiotis of busardo . 
  they both are great rtas with superb flavor and both are innovative in their design , not using the standard kayfun deck . 
  also , aspire will not stop making nautilus or k1 tanks ( both great for what they are ) . 
  the reason it 's not temp control but rather a big fat lie is because resistance has nothing to do with actual kanthal mass . 
  you can have a 1 ohm coil that 's a standard thin 30 gauge microcoil , or a thick twisted kanthal 26 gauge coil . 
  those two have way different performance characteristics and heat capacity . 
  this is op 's choice-supportive bias in action , trying to create theories to justify his choice . 
  smok wanted to jump on the temp control bandwagon without the actual know-how or an actual board with the capability and created the lie that is the m80 's temp control . 
  so , prospective buyers , do keep in mind that the m80 has no actual temp control but rather tries to simulate it unsuccessfully . 
  it 's not a honest product . 
  the article is aimed towards multimeter users . 
  most multimeters will be way off under 1 ohm . 
  our vw devices and resistance testers are generally designed with such resistances in mind and are pretty good at these ranges . 
  but the customers do want innovation in that department , hence new ones are being designed all the time . 
  if customers wanted `` regular '' mtl tanks then companies would accommodate them . 
  thank you . 
  in 20 years when batteries may have advance to that point , maybe, 
   15a discharge, 
  citation/discharge tests needed . 
  good usb lighter adapters ( samsung , lg , any name brand that also makes mobile devices ) will have good voltage regulation ( and also be able to work on 24v power ) . 
  shoddy chinese crap may not . 
  i do n't know why people keep buying such cheap crap to charge their $ 500 devices . 
  $ 5 saved there could end up costing a lot more . 
  i love dual-battery mods . 
  my sigelei 150w last mes an entire day vaping at 30-40w . 
  i want to like my holmes v2 but i just ca n't ... 
  i think i 'll send it into the pile of wasted purchases . 
  this happened while i slept . 
  left it with some juice in the well and it leaked out . 
  thank you !, 
  because smok is an american company , right ? 
  does that mean the tax is abolished ? 
  stock kayfun 4 sucks for tc , get the [ spring update ] ( http://www.steamtuners.gr/products/atomisers/kaufun-v4/c61-accessories/125-kayfun-v4-spring-update ) from steamtuners or something equivalent that ~ ~ deletes ~ ~ bypasses the spring and creates a solid connection when the juice control is open . 
  steamtuners ships worldwide according to their website . 
  i do n't know about us distributors , sorry . 
  i know of this product because steamtuners are very popular here in greece ( and i 'm greek ) . 
  how can you create a coil of sufficient mass/surface with such high resistances ? 
  but then you end up with long-ass coils that can barely fit the atomizer . 
  i 'm wondering how i can make 26 gauge ni200 work for dualcoil with the 0.1 ohm lmited kangxin device i 'm waiting in the mail . 
  28 gauge is too thin for my vaping habits ... 
  [ i called it 15 days ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/34g6g8/ipv4_unboxing_vape_it_forward_winner/cquf6ry ) . 
  between this issue and gearbest 's delays , i canceled my preorder and ordered a kangxin mini vf kx-50d ( uses the good chinese tc chip upgraded for 50ws ) . 
  focalecig shipped it the next day . 
  this . 
  twisted kathak is your answer . 
  i personally use it everywhere , from drippers to tanks . 
  on the lemo drop and lemo 2 , 26 gauge twisted , wrapped 7-8 times around a 3mm drill with the wraps touching works wonders . 
  between 25 to 50w i can enjoy a dense flavorful vape . 
  my smpl from fasttech has been extremely well performing for the past two weeks , with perfect finish . 
  in any case , i find it strange that a mech clone could be autofiring . 
  the switches are simple to clone . 
  welcome and thank you for shipping my kangxin mini-vf so quickly . 
  i have no issues with koh gen doh ( got an 80-pack from a japanese ebay seller for ~ 12 $ ) in my lemo 2 . 
  i do the same build like i do on my lemo drop and it works very up to 50w ( where my build becomes too hot ) with thick juices . 
  i think people just use too much cotton and do n't take in account cotton tends to expand after a few ml . 
  the vp1 , vp2 and vp4 by xtar are ideal if you 're looking for lithium-only chargers . 
  all are identical in charging quality . 
  the vp1 is the oldest model , 2 bays , three currents ( 0.25 , 0.5 and 1amp ) , one voltage ( 4.2 v termination ) . 
  does not fit 26650 cells .
