  you get a feel for such things the more you build different devices and it take experimentation to find a good build . 
  in my own experience , twisted 0.30 mm ( requires a vw mod since it needs more voltage to heat up ) or normal 0.50 mm wire work best in the subtank rba with regards to flavor and smoothness . 
  my lemo 2 is a few steps higher due to bigger chamber and chimney ( i regularly run it at 50w with twisted 0.40 mm ) . 
  does n't look like there 's enough space to allow the pack to expand if it puffs a bit ( the original has some space on the sides ) making it somewhat dangerous . 
  without tests of the actual charging ( like [ so ] ( http://lygte-info.dk/review/review%20charger%20nitecore%20digicharger%20d2%20uk.html ) ) liion chargers are a hard sell for me . 
  i do n't find i get bad battery life from mine vaping at around 210 to 250c on 8 wraps of 0.40 mm nickel ( coming up at 0.9 ohm ) i get around 6 hours of vaping , 4.5 ml of juice . 
  do note that unless you 're limiting wattage manually , the device will hit the coil with lots of power to maintain the temperature ( around 50 to 35j/w in my case ) . 
  that 's a lot of power for a single 18650 device so it 's understandable that runtimes will suffer . 
  my magnets are not that strong but it 's not really a magnet issue but rather , the back being allowed to slide downwards freely without anything to stop it . 
  i do use the sleeve in mine so this is a non-issue though . 
  reagarding wattge adjustment in tc , it 's a whole different discussion . 
  some people like to use tc as a dry-hit prevention system and vape at very low wattages , never hitting temperature limits . 
  since i do n't have dryhit issues with kanthal ( and i like kanthal anyway ) , i do n't use devices like that . 
  i use my tc devices at maximum wattage and only adjust temperature to change the intensity of the vape . 
  this way i have instant ramp-up and very stable vape intensity and it 's a different vaping experience compared to vw kanthal ( though not superior , just different ) . 
  speaking more broadly , the tpd was the final nail in the coffin of my enthusiasm towards the eu . 
  it shows that we can not rely on eu bureaucrats to work for the benefits of the citizens . 
  for me , as a somewhat technically inclined user , the shit i 've seen some chargers do makes me shy away from purchasing untested gear . 
  i do the same with vw mods , i do n't purchase any untested ones . 
  push to talk ( console plebs need not apply ), 
  configurable noise gate ( see above ), 
  source . 
  eliquid working its way in the wrapper . 
  air does n't hit coils , you 're wasting juice . 
  most of the coil is not in the path of the airflow . 
  ideally the airhole should be centered under the coil . 
  right now only the edges of the airflow touch the edges of the coil . 
  as a single-coil person , the sxk wine rta went in my cart immediately . 
  great target for [ these ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/citation_needed_stickers.jpeg ), 
  generally , for most mods that do voltage buck ( that take the combined voltage of two batteries in series and reduce it ) for more consistent output across the lifetime of the battery , your builds must work at the wattage you want at under 5 to 5.5 v output . 
  builds that work with higher voltages ( assuming high power , above 70w ) will get a bit weaker during the last 20-30 % of battery life . 
  for example , my sigelei 150w with a 1 ohm 26gauge twisted build working at 40w and 6.3 v gets noticeably weaker when battery is very low at 15 % . 
  devices with boards that boost voltage ( sx350j , istick 100w , dna40 etc ) will be a lot more consistent output-wise at low states of charge . 
  depends on the circuit . 
  voltage reducing ( called voltage bucking ) circuits ( obvious by the 7.5-8 .4 v limitation on output voltage ) are better for overall battery life ( due to efficiency ) but may or may not feel a bit weaker at high wattages and builds that work at high voltages . . 
  i do n't know about the tesla 200w but it 's probably not 200w , and maybe a subpar circuit in general . 
  i do n't buy devices without reviews measuring their output so i ca n't comment on the tesla . 
  i own two sigelei 150ws ( og ones ) , one og kbox ( not the mini ) , a cloupor mini plus and an istick 100w . 
  i 've also owned a kangxin minivf in the past ( used a 50w dna-styled temp-control board ) and have a vtc mini incoming . 
  but device ownership is besides the point , i 've been an electronics enthusiast for over 13 years and that 's where my base knowledge comes from , once i started vaping last year ( it 's actually my 1st anniversary roday ) it was easy to specialize into vaping electronics ( mostly cylindrical lithium ions and the way vw and tc mods work ) . 
  thanks . 
  and yes , i used to be a 2pad smoker . 
  completely smoke free for a year feel good . 
  3rd match in aw , i assumed my m113 could float like the rl ones we crossed a river in during my conscription . 
  i was wrong . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  asmodus seems to be throwing shit at the wall and seeing what sticks . 
  i would n't be surprised if they where the `` masterminds '' behind sigelei 's recent lackluster device announcements . 
  the fuchai looks like it uses asmodus ' board that we saw in the snowwolf . 
  i consider it inferior to yihi boards ( and the fake 200w rating adds insult to injury ) . 
  give me an sx330 tc board in the case of the original sigelei 150w and i 'd buy it . 
  definitely a laisimo board . 
  also , the snowwolf did fake 200w , it pulsed the output just with a higher voltage to maintain 150w when measuring the true rms value of the signal . 
  furthermore , even without pulsing , 200w on two 18650s is dicey at best , and whatever you get above ~ 140w will only last for a very short time . 
  as batteries start to deplete you 'll start getting a weaker and weaker vape , at which point you could be using a dual-mosfet unregulated box ( series or parallel ) that would be performing better in this manner . 
  i have my case on the floor and after one year i have n't seen any build-up . 
  if it was on my desk i definitely would as i tend to blow my clouds to the right . 
  tl ; dr do n't blow clouds at your case . 
  the 26650 vf is made of chinese magical thinking . 
  i 'm not sure i know of any 26650 cell that can support such power . 
  the board 's internal cradle and screen mount will definitely be different . 
  regarding temp control , even the cloupor mini plus shits all over the vtc mini in tc performance , so if the 200w board has the same quirks , it 's not a hard target to beat . 
  kek, 
  i have n't seen a joyetech device with good tc yet . 
  drifting resistance and inaccurate temperatures plague the vtc mini . 
  since nobody has used the rx200 yet then i 'd rather not trust joyetech again . 
  the current reading on the vtc mini 's display is the output current . 
  input current will be different . 
  in general , it will be lower than output current , especially at low resistances where output voltage is lower than input voltage . 
  in any case , since all regulated mods i 've seen turn off/display errors during excessive battery voltage sag , you wo n't be put in a dangerous situation . 
  kiberry yogurt looks right up my alley . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  ` nana cream 3mg max vg ^ sorry, 
  have you tested that psu with a megger at 10kv ? 
  i 'd be incredibly weary of using a chinese psu with insufficient primary-to-secondary isolation and incorrect components bridging the two . 
  a megger testing at 10kv verifies that all insulation inside is up to snuff . 
  you 're putting in your mouth ( as opposed to it sitting on a rack somewhere ) something electrically connected to the mains , better be sure that it 's safe . 
  this kind of testing is standard practice . 
  note that steamtuners ' tiny tank is extremely fragile and cracks at even the faintest hints of tank-cracking elements in a juice . 
  the failure point is the top part where the chimney goes into . 
  a friend had two of them , one broke from a regular tobacco flavor and leaked everything inside his pocket unexpectedly . 
  unlike with thicker tanks where you can see signs of them starting to disintegrate , the tiny cracks unexpectedly at the seam between the thin tank wall and the neck that connects the chimney to the driptip inlet . 
  his second one cracked when his ipv2s went from vertical to horizontal on a table . 
  it did n't drop from any height , it just tipped on its side . 
  he also received extremely bad service ( steamtuners are local to me ) and was mad as fuck . 
  is this the kind of banal post the 9:1 rule forces vendors to write ? 
  some flavors are in an alcohol solution , some are acidic . 
  there are a few different things that crack pc/pmma tanks . 
  it 's some kind of generic joyetech design and seems to be pretty meh at tc and somewhat inaccurate in vw . 
  i 'm not sure why anyone would be excited about it . 
  \u03a4\u03c3\u03bf\u03c5 , but nice try there . 
  while it 's cool i do n't really see the problem it solves . 
  when i refilled my stm i just unscrewed the tank from the mod , filled it and then turned the mod upside down and screw it on the tank . 
  a technical reason , the dna200 has a 25 amp onboard fuse on the input and the wattage limit is put into place so the device does n't exceed 23 amp input current ( as specified in the datasheet ) . 
  it 's the shitty laisimo board the snowwolf uses , that 's why it 's so cheap . 
  i 'm waiting on a varitube clone from ft to replace the entire 510 in mine . 
  while tape will work fine for a while ( and the mod has short circuit protection so unless you fucked up with the internal cabling you 'll be safe ) , the 510 is a pain-point in those devices . 
  after some time the entire 510 becomes loose and the stock pin has very limited travel so the new rubber is bound to tear again . 
  i hope you used the original dna releaux battery sled .
