  [ wind ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ks8jsufxxjnllqxcsmcsjgptws9ls3aq-t5iztgmluy/edit?usp=sharing ), 
  [ cosmote ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q6e4bf3tyytxrr26y6vm5nisapytkfqog_szkh1ab2o/edit?usp=sharing ), 
  35b profile \u03bc\u03b5 vectoring \u03c6\u03c4\u03ac\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9\u03c2 300/50mbps, 
   did n't realize what the red light on dash meant, 
  i shudder at the ignorance of the average american driver . 
  reeee, 
  the exynos octas of modern samsung midranges averagearound 600-800/3500 -400 single/multi geekbench score depending on clocks and implementation , and are on a 14nm process . 
  the 430 is around 600/2300 single/multi , and it 's a 28nm part with high power consumption and more throttling issues . 
  performance on exynos octas should be superior and geekbench shows it . 
  i think it has to do with better sustained performance from better thermals . 
   i 'm alright with this in a sense . 
  publicizing sourcecode and accidentally providing to much info that could compromise every ryzen cpu out there , would be much worse than any exploit . 
  you 've just argued towards security by obscurity . 
  see how well it helps intel and microsoft . 
  stop posting on reddit and go back to sanding the drywall joints ( we have 5 pakistani muslims at the job site i 'm working at these days . 
  i 'd rather have a resin battlestar tbh, 
   be a 21st century socialist, 
   listen to this extremely revolutionary podcast that earns 780k a year off patreon, 
   shit on the podcasters friends and old jokes for being too raunchy and threaten to kill the dsa president nicole mullen, 
   go back to your 3.8 million dollar studio apartment in a gentrified nyc area and jerk yourself off with stoyas latest fleshlight encrusted with diamonds, 
   cum , lick yourself clean , and spend the next 8 hours on twitter roleplaying with other faggots with a rose next to their names, 
   call out a rich guy being angry online while listening to rich guys being angry online as you call your mom for more money, 
  21st century socialism : class does n't exist but transmisogony in video games is the worst thing ever, 
  it 's impossible they did n't know . 
  normiebook has almost complete, 
  market penetration in greece . 
  `` vlahoi '' are the most avid normiebook users . 
  s5 neo with original battery : 4-6 hours depending on usage on auto brightness . 
  thanks . 
  it 's not like the door could close in the first place as the lock is extended . 
  if it bricked itself with an ota then its possible the software image was tampered , a usual thing for chinese imported phones , as the smaltime sellers install malware in them . 
  at least here in greece , many people are wary of lg phones due to the very bad third-party that handles repairs in athens ( a single one at that ) . 
  people with boot-looped devices were left waiting for months for parts ( logic boards ) to arrive , and in general service is poor . 
  on the other hand samsung has multiple contracted repair centers that are at least average . 
  kys for phoneposting, 
  outside of the us lg 's smartphone service is pretty meh . 
  during the g4 era here in greece , hundreds were left without a phone as the authorized repair center did not have logic boards in stock for over 4 months . 
  even today lg 's reputation is not that good even with the average consumer . 
  i 'm left handed and i still ca n't switch tabs without my right hand on the screen ( complete lack of tab-switching gestures ) . 
  i immediately uninstalled nightly after that, 
  my flair has no perceptible burn-in after two years of use . 
  requirements :, 
  * 5.5 '' display without a `` meme '' aspect ratio . 
  preferably oled or something that can at least rival a 2 year old device like my flair . 
  the lg g6 at least can not , the display quality is way inferior . 
  * at least 3/32gb ram/rom, 
  * at least midrange octacore soc ( exynos 7580/sd625 ), 
  * headphone jack . 
  * 400 $ budget, 
  the options i have identified till now are used , `` like new '' second-hand s7 edge or oneplus 3t . 
  i 'd appreciate any suggestions . 
  nothing like having he state decide what is art and what is not to enact cencorship . 
  in an urban environment , having a router with the 5ghz band matters a lot more than the difference between 15mbps adsl or 50mbps vdsl2 . 
  a congested 2.4 ghz band impacts latency and perceived performance a lot more . 
   it 's the trade off for a removable battery, 
  my s5 begs to differ . 
  nothing like google advertising low quality junk food . 
  my 2 years old flair with its original battery gets more than that on 4g . 
  the zumwalt is somewhat of a dog though . 
  usn needs more arleigh-burkes . 
  most likely this has nothing to do with hardware-related bootloops like the lg defect . 
  this most likely is about soft bootloops due to the configuration being corrupted . 
  those are solved with a factory data reset if you know how to do it . 
  if you do n't , this feature is for you . 
  one should n't have to tinker with a $ 700 device . 
  the only thing that stood out for me about sony phones from a casual perusal at the demos in a physical store was the terrible bluish cast of the display that affected all colors and made them look unnatural . 
  now all 3 handlets spamming your esoteric preference in screen sizes will shut up , go buy this and leave / r/android in peace . 
  under the shadow of the t_d boogeyman , the age of the / r/android purity tests is upon us . 
  edit : can the srdine . 
  i cringed too , op . 
  the original s5 had one flap for the usb 3 micro-b connector . 
  the neo is a cost-reduced version ( same screen , mostly same chassis , cheaper internals ) version with a usb 2 micro-b connector without a flap . 
  also , this has nothing to do with the claim that a phone with a removable battery can not be waterproof . 
  the connector is easier to waterproof compared to a removable back panel . 
  put down the burger and grab the lifting bar . 
  also post bussy . 
   eu also requires 2 year warranty, 
  but many countries do n't . 
  nothing like safely breaking stones in sub-zero temperatures in a gulag . 
  they 're one and the same in smartphones . 
  it 's a single soc handling both functions , you will see it in ifixit teardowns mentioned as the `` codec '' . 
  if you have proof that a modern smartphone has a discreet amplification stage on its logic board you 're welcome to point out a photo of it together with package part numbers . 
  they are n't discreet components because ... 
  it 's a soc concentrating both operation in one component . 
  at this point , were arguing semantics and to the designer of a system an integrated solution can not be called `` discreet components '' . 
  you ca n't even change anything if you wanted different performance characteristics . 
  if only it had a bigger screen ... 
   just listening some music from youtube caused noticeable ( micro ? ), 
  stutter while gaming . 
  not to mention watching streams or videos on second monitor while playing . 
  something was wrong with your windows install . 
  looks more like a dpc latency issue . 
  fwiw i 've never had suttering on music playback with my flair , even during `` heavy '' usage . 
  you 're doing something wrong with os installation then or your motherboard codec/network interface had some kind of issue . 
  there is simply no way a 3570k can not handle multitasking . 
  i just tested 1080p/60fps , 1440p 60fps and 4k 30fps with vp9 and i get no dropped frames on youtube with chrome 60 . 
  cpu usage peaks at 40-50 % with the 4k sample . 
  4k 60fps is what leads to 100 % cpu usage and has occasional framedrops . 
  but hell , the low bitrate crap twitch streams ? 
  hell no , it can be managed easily by a 3570k .
