  a 2 ohm coil on a 20amp battery is the same thing . 
  op can use whatever charger he wants as long as it 's of good quality ( samsung/lg/brand-name android chargers are ideal ) . 
  i would n't risk it . 
  incorrect polarity or voltage fries the chip according to reports by others . 
  just get an xtar vp2 or an efest luc v4 ( from a 2014 batch ) and charge batteries the old way . 
  you should definitely rma it . 
  4.25 is the absolute limit of safe charging voltage . 
  the a different sp2 performs well so it 's manufacturing issues with your device . 
  xtar chargers like the vp2 and the luc use proper constant current charging while the nitecore uses pwm that 's slightly inferior . 
  the xtar vp2 and the efest luc v4 can also charge all bays at 1 amp . 
  the luc can charge 2 bays at 2amps , not recommended for constant usage but great for emergencies . 
  i personally would n't trust copper or brass from any vendor , chinese cloner or expensive usa authentic machined by `` experienced metal artisans '' in cleanroom conditions . 
  brass has fucking zinc and both of them oxidate and react with acidic liquids . 
  stainless steel all the way . 
  heat up time is only a minor variable in the whole building thing . 
  things like coil length , wick to air ratio and heat capacity change things tremendously . 
  we also care about not overshooting the ideal temperature for evaporation ( too hot coils do that ) and using airflow to control it . 
  thicker wire has a lot more free surface to vaporize liquid too . 
  my magma has a deep juice well and filling it up is just mechanically inserting the needle-tip bottle in the driptip , squirt a bit and done . 
  it 's a great out and about dripper . 
  i 've been contemplating whether to support the local b&m and buy the mini for 75 $ or get the ipv2x for the same price online . 
  the mini is a hard sell and since i 'll keep that one boxmod for quite some time , the extra power does n't sound too bad . 
  twisted has great air-to-wick ratio ( more air and less wick ) and releases lots of flavor and vapor, 
  hello , mine 's 6 weeks old and i even drip on it . 
  no issues with threads . 
  twisted coils have other advantages like more surface available for evaporating liquid and require shorter coils . 
  twisted coils also end up having enough resistance to dual coil them . 
  i do n't . 
  naval brass is still 40 % zinc and the rest is copper . 
  it still oxidates in the end and zinc still escapes into the liquid . 
  there 's a reason we do n't use brass pots and pans . 
  at this point , everything sounds like justifications be people putting form over function . 
  even on a nautilus mini , 18mg is excessive . 
  i started at that level with the nauty and i was constantly buzzed throughout the day . 
  i dropped to 12mg next day and 1 week later to 9mg . 
  now i drip 4.5 mg because with a dripper i find i can control my nic intake easier and sometimes i like the buzz itself . 
  this box lies . 
  even a vtc5 at 30amps starts at 3.5 v and drops down to 3.2 v quickly . 
  this is a best case scenario of 105w and accounting for losses in the chip and a lower state of charge you can maybe get 80w from it . 
  i would n't buy a mod that lies like that , the same way i do n't buy efest batteries . 
  in any case , you ai n't gon na see 150w out of it . 
  the wicking guide looks like a cottonman ad . 
  i 'd expect introduction to different wicking materials ( organic cotton , japanese cotton pads , mesh , steel rope , silica ) as well as tips on using them . 
  i looked at all my options and in the end , slowtech is the best choice . 
  the sigelei 150w comes out to ~ 90 $ . 
  i could get an ipv2x for around that much with shipping from eu stores , and while i do n't really care about the wattage , the overall capacity of the dual 18650s as well as the magnetic door and included rubber sleeve sealed the deal . 
  make sure there 's some space between the coils and the airholes . 
  extend the wicks a bit and keep them clear of the airhole . 
  make sure that juice on the wicks does not pool on the horizontal surface . 
  i do have some minor constant juice moisture ( not leaking ) around the afc ring but the only time my magma leaks is when i overfill it . 
  it was before xna was really a thing . 
  and i doubt the lab computers i ran it had xna installed . 
  i started vaping with a nautilus mini and an istick . 
  i consumed 6-8ml a day and got into juice diy on the 3rd day . 
  then i saw that i was spending too much money on replacement coils and got my self a magma on the 3rd week . 
  i 've been dripping the last 4 weeks non-stop . 
  now i 'm saving money for an ipv2x since i can imagine the istick 's battery crapping out soon , running 1ohm coils at 20w all the time , getting recharged 3 times a day . 
  oh , and i have n't smoked a single analog since i started vaping . 
  if you look closely at the picture the threads are different from the top cover this time , and look like stainless steel . 
  personally i 'm positive eleaf has listened to all concerns and rectified them in the new product . 
  i 'll go against the grain and recommend panasonic ncr18650bs . 
  enough amperage to satisfy the 2.5 , huge 3400mah capacity . 
  yes . 
  no , i do n't live in the states like you ( ? 
  enlighten us please ( i 'm about to buy a boxmod myself ) . 
  myepack does n't do discount codes sadly . 
  there was 15off for the christmas season but it expired . 
  also , shipping is 15 euros . 
   i think people have a hard on for box mods but they really are n't much better . 
  at least not for the huge price difference . 
  box mods are generally a lot cheaper for the utility and safety they offer . 
  as an electronics enthusiast that 's new to vaping , i hope mech mods start fading away now that we have cheap , safe and powerful boxes in circulation . 
  on where you can get all that for 110 . 
  the battery level is linearly related to the actual battery voltage . 
  the fluctuation is due to a value in between segments of the icon . 
  a nice thing , the battery level icon also shows voltage sag when you fire so you know how good your batteries are . 
  it 's not a usb charging port . 
  the ipv3 has a usb port for firmware upgrades and old revisions had a dc barrel connector for battery charging . 
  incorrect voltage and polarity there would fry the entire ipv3 , there were no markings or manual information on what adapter to use . 
  my only rba is a dripper and sometimes it sucks :( . 
  max vg , 6mg . 
  thanks !, 
  they removed it because people fried their chips using random adapters . 
  well , p4u was clearly in the wrong here , if you 're gon na put a barrel connection on something supply a matching ac adapter or at least write the adapter specifications on the mod itself , the manual and if your input has no reverse polarity protection and some overvoltage protection , put an extra card in the box with big letters about it ( `` you wirr fly chip if incollect adaptel inselt '' ) . 
  sigelei put an extra leaflet in the original 100ws for the sole reason that the adjustable pin was reverse-threaded and simpletons were confused . 
  thorny strapple , blueberry currant and creamy tiramisu at 4.5 mg/ml . 
  thanks !, 
  personally , i would run my own analyses on my products when it comes to diacetyl etc. 
  a local vendor did it and revised some of the 70 recipes they offer . 
  i get no such warning from my av . 
  firefox 36 on windows 7 . 
  no download starts so there 's no reason to worry . 
  judging by the name of the `` threat '' i think it 's a generic detection that catches a harmless web redirect . 
  a false positive if you will . 
  the magma with the somewhat restricted airflow and the reduced size chamber is perfect for the istick 's wattage . 
  two coils with 8 wraps of 30 gauge kanthal on a 3/32 '' drill bit will bring you at around 1.1 to 1.2 ohms and you will enjoy a flavorful vape . 
  as another upside , the magma has a huge dripwell so you can vape for some time and the two post design is easy to build for beginners since you do n't have to center the coils . 
  i drip 4.5 mg/ml all day . 
  3mg is a bit on the light side and does n't satisfy me that much , and it 's nice being able to induce a nicotine buzz intentionally . 
  arizer 's accessories for the air are borderline scammy .
