  it 's not a real button but rather a decorative cover over a microswitch on the board . 
  it 's unlikely that you 'll find something to replace it with . 
  if it 's crunchy and rattles , apply some silicone grease between the button itself and the surrounding ring . 
  speaking of vendors , which eu vendor is running a lemo ii preorder at a decent price ( i.e. 
  not something like $ 1 = 1gbp ) . 
  thank you . 
  the top fill looks interesting . 
  [ this sku ] ( https://www.fasttech.com/p/2066300 ) is perfect . 
  got it for a friend and decided to bring one for me too . 
  i wrapped twisted 26 gauge with ease using it . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  officially it 's the sx 350 mini j ( read lower on the page the parent linked ) . 
  rip out the circuit board from an ego battery and use it to drive the mosfet . 
  an antivandal led switch would work dope with it , though i 'm not sure if the board can drive the led in it . 
  fasttech has them in stock . 
  mine shipped the next day after i ordered it . 
  [ authentic ] ( https://www.fasttech.com/p/2256500 ) . 
  mine showed `` 7 days '' too but shipped next day . 
  those are some worst case scenario estimations . 
  i have no experience with the holmes series but i 'm waiting for the v2 in the mail . 
  this submission means i 'll never get to really enjoy it . 
  outdated info . 
  get these https://www.fasttech.com/products/0/10002357/2204402-authentic-samsung-inr18650-25r-3-6v-2500mah-li . 
  cheaper and better suited for the mod . 
  also select swiss post for shipping . 
  gearbest 's support is pretty shitty so i would n't put stock in anything the reps actually say on this matter . 
  personally i 'll be waiting until the current preorder ends and a couple more days , and if it 's still delayed then i 'll ask for a paypal refund . 
  is that the orchid v6 with the glass tank and threaded chimney/topcap ? 
  how 's it treating you ? 
  is filling with normal plastic-tipped 20ml bottles easy ? 
  i love my v3 shorty and i 'm waiting for the v6 to ship . 
  that 's the one . 
  does n't it fill with plastic tips ? 
  shame , my liquids do not flow through needle-nosed bottles . 
  i ordered a second glass tank for it instead of pc since i use tank-cracking juices . 
  what kind of pc tank did you get that works with the v6 ? 
  to my knowledge , orchid pc tanks are designed for the v4 where the tank section screws on the topcap and base . 
  i 'm a regulated guy through and through so i do n't know but how would this happen ? 
  even during autofiring i 'd expect that the atomizer would contain the heat well and become very hot but not dangerously ( at most a small amount of plastic in the vicinity would melt but no fire ) . 
  i ca n't imagine a proper 18650 venting with a .2 build or higher even during continuous firing ( you can discharge 25rs as high as 35a continuously somewhat safely for testing ) . 
  was the build some kind of .1 retardedness ? 
  the lernaia hydra/zorbas combo is a thing ( with a somewhat clunky one-led interface instead of bluetooth ) . 
  over 100 amps constant , usually for 2s2p 6.4 a packs it 's over 400 amps . 
  i 'd really love to see how they 're going to pull 25w out of a 14500 . 
  14500s are good for up to 5 amps . 
  interesting claims on the cell though i 'd really like to see some constant-current discharge graphs . 
  damn , the name vir brought back memories , i was still smoking when i was reading about it and it 's still not out . 
  hope my compatriots at gg manage to pull it off though from posts at ecf it seems stuck in development hell , and imeothanasis is only posting vague platitudes at this point . 
  has anyone actually noticed an improvement in tank handling with the tracks/suspension/brakes upgrades ? 
  they feel like placeholders at the moment . 
  similarly for the upgrades on the firepower tree . 
  great , thanks !, 
  gearbest put it on preorder again ending may 1st . 
  at this point nobody knows . 
  sadly the music detracts from the overall experience . 
  thank you . 
  because the screen would become saturated with eliquid and airflow would be killed . 
  making a screen with a hole is actually more expensive since you have to cut the hole on the screen . 
  thank you !, 
  and a magnetic door . 
  mine does n't do that . 
  jumping resistance is solely a build or atomizer issue with me . 
  at most resistance will jump by .02 , anything more indicates a problem with the atomizer or coil . 
  either you or tesla are lying . 
  contemporary 90kw battery packs use panasonic ncr18650bd cells ( 3200mah , 10a mcd ) . 
  they 're not they have a partnership with panasonic and will produce cells with their tech under license . 
  right now they use cots cells . 
  more info : http://www.teslamotorsclub.com/showthread.php/34934-pics-info-inside-the-battery-pack, 
   this thing looks like it 'll dry hit when about halfway empty, 
  top-coil clearos with silica wicks hanging in the tank are a thing . 
  innokin put the silica wicks in that perforated sheet to make it easier to install a new coil without guiding the silica in the tank . 
  and people call me excessive for carrying two or three atomizers on me . 
  the sigelei 150w . 
  it 's an awesome mod . 
  thank you !, 
  there 's nothing wrong with the 20r . 
  it 's a safe chemistry , high drain cell that has decent performance under high load . 
  it does n't have a 9v charger in the box , right ? 
  i 'm waiting for mine to ship . 
  if the mod has an actual yihi balance charge board in it , the 9v power supply is as simple as they get and costs something like $ 3 usd . 
  but i suspect it 's the same deal as the ipv3 and this is standard pioneer4you mediocrity ( think all the ipv3 weirdness with the non-working touchsensor and charge port ) . 
  this looks like the one ( the big inductor is a telltale ) . 
  in theory , the polarity should be positive on the pin and negative on the outer barrel , right ? 
  the mod will get the same amount of battery life ( plus minus a couple percent to account for board efficiency at different input voltages ) with the cells in parallel or series . 
  remember that while the mah stays the same , the wh ( total power ) we draw from the cells is doubled when they 're in series ( due to the voltage doubling ) . 
  last question , i assume the curved path on the outer casing leading to the top left of the charge board ( above the barrel connector ) is for the led . 
  is there a solid light guide sealing it closed ? 
  at this location , it seems very susceptible to leaking juice ingress that could damage the board . 
  i was asking about the polarity of the dc jack for the balance charger . 
  many people fried their ipv3s connecting power bricks with incorrect polarity . 
  kanthal is very stable across the temperatures used in vaping , at most you 're gon na get a 0.02 ohm variation on long coils running hot . 
  nothing that could justify those numbers . 
  personally , i would n't buy a smok device out of principle because they lied about their temp control and then backtracked and made excuses about it later . 
  it 's the sign of a bad company in my opinion . 
  it would be elementary to measure the voltage of the switch positive with a multimeter and this would help solve your question , in conjunction with the datasheet of the switch . 
  if i lived in the us i would consider my clouds protected under the first amendment . 
  i do n't though and people do n't care over here . 
  it is expressive conduct and it is protected under the 1st . 
   expressive conduct , also called `` symbolic speech '' or `` speech acts '' , is nonverbal conduct that intends to communicate a message . 
  example include creating or destroying an object when performed as a statement ( such as flag burning in a political protest ) , silent marches and parades intended to convey a message , clothing bearing meaningful symbols ( such as anti-war armbands ) , body language , messages written in code , ideas and structures embodied as computer code ( `` software '' ) , mathematical and scientific formulae , and illocutionary acts that convey by implication an attitude , request , or opinion .
