  both are great pieces of equipment . 
  my question is regarding warranty . 
  the faq has some pretty lulzy statements ( `` our chinese batteries r gud guise '' ) . 
  engaging the health potion while under multiple fires , when you do n't have the repair kit available is a valid tactic . 
  the damage you would eat from them is subtracted from the amount to be repaired , so your base health is not reduced ( and that helps with potential torpedoes or salvos hitting you that would kill you otherwise ) . 
  the material , not really , but mods with multiple tube sections screwing together will exhibit voltage drop at low resistances . 
  i personally have a smpl clone from ft and its wonderful . 
  interesting , are we talking clones or authentics ? 
  some smpl clones i 've encountered have really dodgy switches , the loss could be there instead if the tube . 
  200w from two batteries are somewhat hard to believe . 
  especially with the voltage limitation of the device ( no boost ) , you have to build extremely low and use true 30 amp batteries to achieve that power . 
  well , those buck-only yihi boards can only output the battery voltage as maximum , and you 're not gon na get 8.4 volts , ever , under load . 
  the 25rs for example start at 3.5 v at 20a and go down from there , ( so max 7v in series ) , plus any connection loses on the 510 and the atomizer itself with result in a bit of voltage drop too . 
  not under load, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  no mosfet ( not only for switch safety but also better performance due to lower resistance ) , no resettable fuse , bare uninsulated copper , stripped button screw and bare box interior . 
  i 'd offer the cost of the parts plus $ 20 labor . 
  note that 0.2 c is 300ma discharge . 
  it 's not representative of currents high-power mods use . 
  so the truth is probably somewhere in the middle , and without more detailed data ( discharge graphs at various currents ) we can not make any real conclusions . 
  it 's interesting to note though that imr 18650s are usually rated for their best-case capacity at very low discharge rates on their labels . 
  it 's a parallel 18650 device so if by accident you have the 18650s with different polarities ( one positive up and the other negative up ) you 're going to cause a hard short and vent them . 
  the i2 charges at around 450mah and the i4 charges from 650mah with only two slots occupied down to 325mah with all slots occupied ( two shared channels ) . 
  pretty slow . 
  the xtar vp1 , vp2 or vc4 will charge two cells at 1 amp ( the vc4 can also do 4 cells at 500mah ) with what i would consider the best charging algorithm . 
  i 'd recommend them in a heartbeat and xtar chargers are extremely well regarded in the flashlight circles ( that were using cylindrical lithiums while we were still smoking ) . 
  it 's definitely a genuine concern . 
  i need more than two hands to count the number of times i mistakenly put one of the cells in my sigelei 150 with the wrong orientation . 
  sometimes it happens that i have to do it while waiting for a match to start , sometimes while it 's dark , sometimes while i 'm tired ... 
  since the sig is in series there 's no problem and i catch it a second after i put the cell in but with a parallel config ... 
  i do n't care about the device and any possible issues but damn , finally , a menu button on a mod . 
  hopefully other devices will adopt it too so we get rid of multiple presses to enter menus and other limitations of the old 3 button interface . 
  i 'm 7 months into vaping and still enjoy tobacco flavors with my coffee and alcohol . 
  i also vape various fruit and dessert flavors too . 
  in any case , `` tobacco '' flavors are nothing like the taste of burnt plant matter . 
  no ashtray flavor or anything . 
  where did you find that price ? 
  i got mine for $ 50 from focalecig . 
  in any case , i 've had it for around 3 weeks now and i can recommend it for tc , it 's a decent device . 
  the way other mods do it , that does n't result in burnt wicks , is by assuming a tc coil with a new atty and when the resistance does n't change during firing , switching to vw . 
  it 's a better method in my opinion . 
  i twist my wires using an allen key in a handheld drill and pliers . 
  results in very tight twist pitch ( the same build with parallel wires at 0.6 ohm becomes 1 ohm ) and a very nice result . 
  it also takes less than a minute . 
  as i said in ecr , it 's about time someone put a menu button on a mod . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
   these high temperatures can and will cause your mods/batteries to explode, 
  no they wo n't . 
  otherwise cordless power tools left in storage , trunks , truck beds or operating in high temperatures under loads greater than what whe use for vaping would explode all the time . 
  let 's take the samsung 25r as an example . 
  samsung specifies its max continuous discharge at 20amps . 
  testing shows the cell gets as hot as 95c ( that 's 205f ) during that kind of discharge . 
  storage in a hot car environment will do nothing to the cell . 
  it 's all there in the official datasheet . . 
  while it 's good to use out batteries safely we should propagate myths and half-truths . 
  edit : in any case , if you want to advertise your shop , do a giveaway as its customary , do not spread bullshit for exposure . 
   would be interesting to know for certain the chipset . 
  i 'm leaning towards that sigelei is making it 's own , considering the 75w tc box is their own chip and not yihi 's . 
  source . 
  all i hear is people repeating hearsay . 
  that 's not a credible source . 
  sigelei is not a credible source either ( back in january they claimed that the og sig 150 did not use a yihi board , and that was baloney ) . 
  personally , unless the device comes and the board itself does n't have yihi markings , or it works differently compared to the yihi boards ( e.g. 
  with smooth signal tc instead of pulsing ) , then i 'd be inclined to believe all this is due to some agreement sigelei has with yihi preventing them from mentioning the board manufacturer . 
  until it actually comes out and we can verify them , i 'd take all listed specs with a grain of salt . 
  i ca n't find the original listings ( since they 've been updated ) but [ this ft thread ] ( https://www.fasttech.com/forums/vapers/t/1481374/sigelei-150w-to-be-released-on-12-12 ) has the original listing in the op . 
  the original sx350 did n't have the very wide dna-like screen , but rather one with a 4:3 aspect ratio ( the revision mods like the [ bmi ] ( http://beastmodemods.com/collections/device/products/bmi-v1r2-zombie-green-pre-order ) use ) . 
  then the second revision that was also put in the original sx mini came out , that had the wide screen . 
  i think the reference is about that one . 
  one thought , there 's a possibility that the limited stocks shops first order will evaporate quickly if the device proves popular , resulting in large delays if you want to get the device from a local shop . 
  because depending on how much energy is left in the cell , it could take up to 80 hours to discharge it . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  there 's not much development into 26650 cells . 
  there 's the purple efest 26650 that 's good up to 20a with around 3500 mah capacity and not much else . 
  also , the form factor is not really suited for ecigs . 
  mods with them become relatively thick ( i eyeball the fortress to be at least 30mm thick ) and using dual cells makes the box too large . 
  there 's , imo , few reasons to go with 26650s . 
  `` it 's not propaganda if i agree with it '', 
  is that a pwm splitter on the back of the case ? 
  which one is it and does it work ? 
  the unpainted subtank mini ships with the updated airflow base ( dual holes on opposite sides ) since early june . 
  / u/trollabot ferongr, 
  i just jumped into the aoba and did n't find the furutaka bad . 
  sure , you have to plan ahead your turret rotation and time your manuevering but it was a pretty enjoyable experience . 
  the 203s get consistent citadels against other cruisers with ap and he can wreck destroyers quickly . 
  the torps where only the icing on the cake . 
  my only complaint was the length and turn radius , making for some awkward situations . 
  for me nothing beats a smpl with a lemo 2 for a compact , discreet setup for a night out . 
  fire prevention is multiplicative so it ends up doing very little . 
  i know of the joyetech eroll-c and the emili . 
  both come with a small charge case ( the size of a smartphone ) and two complete devices ( battery and atomizer ) . 
  the charge case charges the tiny battery in the ecig itself . 
  ~ ~ they 're not automatic ~ ~ the eroll-c looks automatic but are very stealthy if that 's what you want . 
   we have begun discussions with more than one venture capitalist firm who have expressed their support for voat and the community . 
   these investors share and support the principles in which we hold , that a free community is neccessary . 
  they support us and our mission . 
  voat looks doa already . 
  speaking of limits , how low can you push rtrim safely on the okr-t10 ?
