  ideally for high wattage you need a moderately low build so you can stay under 5v output voltage . 
  the 350j can reach higher maximum voltage and has some other nice to haves even when it comes to using it solely as a vw board . 
  for maximum power they require a very good implementation with good grounding and low losses at the 510 . 
  i can vouch for the old sigelei 150 , the construction and electrical design of the case is superb , but i do n't know about the project subohm box . 
  do you know of any dual battery sx350j devices that are not hammond boxes or 3d printed crap ? 
   clouper, 
  in any case , i received mine yesterday too and have been using it as a tc mod with a stm rba . 
  tc seems to work pretty well so far . 
  yes it does but i keep it in the silicone case . 
  surprisingly it has pretty good runtime for a single battery tc mod , with 9 wraps of 26 gauge ni200 with 3mm inner diameter i manage 5 to 6 hours ( almost two subtank minis tanks ) around 200-230c at auto wattage , and the batteries i use in it are 6 months old or more . 
  it 's a design decision , not qc flaw , there 's no tab to prevent it from sliding down . 
  mine is the same way . 
  the tc is surprisingly well implemented . 
  i use it at auto wattage at 215c/420f and it maintains the temperature very smoothly without `` pulsing '' , unlike other mods . 
  my build is 8 wraps of 26gauge ni200 with 3mm inner diameter coming at 0.10 ohms . 
  runtime with worn 25rs aged between 6 and 9 months is pretty good for a single-battery tc device . 
  does this mean locally purchased nic bases will not be a thing any more ? 
  i 've seen pictures of the paint where its already peeled so the new teqnique must not be doing much in the durability department . 
  i vape a 1ohm coi at 40-60w . 
  it 's a 26gauge tightly twisted build , 10 wraps with 3mm inner diameter . 
  i think the difference in voltage between the cells on the fresh battery where due to the crappy chinese charger and not the battery itself . 
  nkon is the illumn of europe . 
  smaller in scale but a lot more fair in pricing and can supply you with a few hundreds of cells for your ev project if needed . 
  what risk ? 
  the only widespread , verifiable issues with the istick line where the 50w that had a tendency to catch fire and the 20w that had weak brass threads ( but still , the 20w i bought last november when i started vaping lasted up until last week in the hands of my father , and that was the battery not holding a charge anymore ) . 
  the 40w has no issues . 
  the 30w has no issues . 
  the 100w has no issues . 
  i 'd love to be proved wrong . 
  since you already have it there 's no need to waste money on a new mod ( unless you actually want it ) . 
  the 40w switches between normal vw mode and tc mode by holding the small menu button ( inbetween the up and the down ) . 
  just keep it in vw mode and you should be good . 
   cloud chaser has told me emphatically that it is not an hg2, 
  ofcourse it is n't . 
  you can change temperature on the 60w by holding fire and up iirc . 
  ymmv , i find myself running my tc coils at max wattage for instant ramp up , and using the temperature setting to adjust the vape . 
  it also ends up a lot more consistent that way . 
  i assume youre using the uv 5r . 
  how 's battery life with it ? 
  any other comments on its performance ? 
  i do n't think the big screen model has been out for a year . 
  or the dna40 itself for that matter . 
  i started vaping back in november 28 and the dna40 was brand new back then . 
  great , thanks . 
  the tank is polycarbonate . 
  this is a big nope for me as cracking it means you have to throw away the entire mod . 
  coaxial mgs tearing down buildings ... 
  the pegasus is garbage though . 
  it 's garbage because it 's inaccurate in power more and because it burns cotton in tc mode . 
  it also sends a 30w pulse at the begging on power application . 
  lastly , resistance reading in very unstable and useless for tc . 
  i 'm sorry but we should n't recommend such bad mods , no matter if they come in a convenient kit or not . 
  i 've heard similar observations about the inaccurate tc mode from a local owner . 
  regardless , own 7 different devices ( and measured them on my own bench , sans a scope that i do n't own ) and as an electronics enthusiast , i understand what it takes to make a good device . 
  also , objective testing is not some `` blog '' and the dude behind the website was the first that accurately described back when the istick 20w was new , why it was overpowered ( it was n't a lack of stepdown as some `` experienced '' people claimed ) , so i respect his data ( but not subjective opinions of others ) . 
  in any case , i find that the vape experience i get from a device correlates with what people measure and subjective opinions about `` smooth vape '' etc are useless . 
  i have a dual core ivy bridge pentium and an hd6850 . 
  i paused playing some time last december . 
  the game ran okayish with med-low graphics and generally i was happy . 
  i tried to get into it again today but performance suffers from intermittent 3-5 second freezes . 
  i see similar complaints by other people , is this a known issue ? 
  i 've been considering purchasing one but my local forum is torn on it , with half the people reporting this issue . 
  it could be a software issue , a hardware issue ( there are a few hardware revisions of the device ) or qc issues but it does n't inspire me confidence . 
  amusingly , from the few tc devices i 've tried ( ipv d2 , kangxin mini-vf , istick 40w , evic vt , cloupor mini + ) , it 's the cloupor that provices the best tc experience . 
  i build assuming 3.5 v ( the average voltage of a 25r during the first half of its capacity at 20a ) because i 'm an o.g. 
  build long twisted/clapton coils . 
  generally , standard coils that work well at 4.2 v will be too hot on a 8.4 v mod . 
  claptons with their added mass or twisted coils that use lots of wire due to the twisting will be a better fit , but you still need them to be long ( over 10 wraps ) . 
  target resistance should be above 0.4 ohm . 
   cloud maker tech offers there dna 200 and it 's a fully customizable box with every part being interchangeable including the board, 
  no they do n't . 
  not yet at least . 
  did you figure it out ? 
  regardless , with careful positioning you can easily 26 gauge 3mm coils in the rba of the subtank . 
  my current ni200 build , 9 wraps 26 gauge with 3mm diameter works well in the rba . 
  the coil is pretty low above the airhole and has no issues . 
  do you have any issues with them ( return rates , customer dissatisfaction , warranty claims ) ? 
  because at my local vapeshop i see people that you would n't call advanced vapers very satisfied with them . 
  i 've tried a build platform in the past but for some reason i still prefer building on my dual-18650 devices . 
  i think such build platforms end up a bit too low for my comfort or i 'm doing something wrong . 
  questions i would ask if i were a smoker that has only heard about ecigs :, 
  `` what is that thing in between the coil and the mod ? '', 
  the first graphic completely lacks any mention of the word `` atomizer '' . 
  it should include it and show which are its parts . 
  `` what is a cloud ? '', 
  i think the term `` exhaled vapor '' is more proper . 
   you are allowed 2 posts related to your business every ten days . 
  this includes , but is not limited to : links to blogs on your site , giveaways , giveaway winners , amas , etc. 
  you must still follow the 9:1 post ratio . 
  1 post/comment out of ten should be about your business . 
  they also need to be posts with some thought behind them . 
  not just one word posts . 
  replies to your business posts do not count . 
  how would vendors satisfy that without either clogging the frontpage with banal `` guides '' or posting equally banal replies to various threads ? 
  sigelei 150w : the ol' reliable . 
  performance in an rba is greatly affected by the design and dimensions of the build chamber as well as the chimney . 
  dual coils stuffed into such a small space seem non-optimal . 
  in your case i 'd try some thicker wire ( 0.40 / 0.50 mm ) and a single coil . 
  there are diminishing returns when it comes to stuffing down the rba with coils . 
  generally , you want enough space around the coil for air to pass unrestricted and exit through the chimney without turbulence .
