  on the other hand , knowing i can chuck a pair of fresh 18650s in it when it runs dry instead of staying tethered near a socket charging the istick is a real gamechanger . 
  for some reason us europeans are very subservient towards the state and the only thing we do when unjust laws are passed is mumble . 
  even in tiny us states when a call is made i see a lot of people taking action . 
  just look at this shameful shit : https://ec.europa.eu/citizens-initiative/req-eci-2013-000024/public/map.do . 
  note this is the european commission 's citizen initiative signature collection system , not some random petition site or change.org . 
  i 've compared the lemo drop and the subtank mini rba and the latter is nowhere near the drop in flavor . 
  i do the same kind of build , only mine is not a microcoil but a spaced coil . 
  wicks a lot better with thick vg juices that i use ( clouds brah ) . 
  unless im mistaken , the subtank is the same as the lemo in that it requires the juice feed holes to be clear of wick in order to feed juice efficiently . 
  the photos do not really show that clearly ( no image right before its time to screw on the cap ) . 
  i 'll do a dual coil in my lemo too but it 'll be with crossed coils . 
  you could always get drunk instead . 
  works for me . 
  my experience says to not stuff cotton . 
  with the tails far away from the holes i can chainvape at 50w without issues . 
  with the holes blocked wicking is sub par and i have to block the airholes and puff on it hard to pull juice into the wicks . 
  do what you feel is best for you , this has been my experience though . 
  i cut them just to the point where they touch the deck when dry . 
  i cut them a few mills shorter that the base 's outside diameter . 
  then i put the barrel on , push them down , juice them up and push them towards the middle while at the same time fanning them a bit . 
  i imagine the way this works is that when puffing the wick deck floods with liquid freely and the wicks get saturated quickly . 
  with the wicks blocking the holes i imagine that the juice just hits the wicks at a small surface and wicking does n't keep up . 
  to know i 'm wicking optimally , i look to see the juice level going down as i puff and up again as i stop puffing , pulling air into the tank from the hole that is higher from the ground . 
  waiting for my silverplay but i 'm not sure it 'll be any shorter than the lemo drop . 
  what i have on order that will actually help are some derringer driptip clones from fasttech . 
  short and widebore . 
  waiting on quite a bit of gear at the moment . 
  a silverplay , a troll rda and an assortment of driptips from fasttech . 
  also an 80 pack of koh gen doh . 
  the driptips may not seem like much but i 'm anxiously waiting for those derringer clone tips , in ss and pom . 
  they seem like awesome tips , saw rip 's lemo on instagram with a derringer tip and it looked sick as tits . 
  design 2 most def . 
  the chimney looks like it would suck the vapor more easily and it 's sleeker since it does n't widen across its length . 
  black . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  i easily `` lose a rag '' in vaping discussions when people insist on repeating patently incorrect information . 
  `` hurr the ipv3 has a touch switch i used it '' . 
  will the mod have a heartbeat to read the resistance ? 
  will you be able to squeeze realtime battery voltage to the display ? 
  finally , you should definitely do a red frame/carbon fibre plate color scheme in the future , it will look sick . 
  i did the pancake wicking method in my lemo drop ( with some 24 gauge wire ) and it wicks my thick juices wonderfully . 
  i can only vape this setup up to 50w ( then it becomes too hot ) but i get no dry hits even when chainvaping there . 
  make sure your coil has some distance from the airhole , if it 's too low the juice will jump to it from the coil , especially thick juices with strong surface thension . 
  i 'm talking about low-voltage pulses that measure resistance when the screen is on while the mod is n't actually firing . 
  when i 'm talking battery voltage indicator , i mean something like the sx350 's realtime indicator . 
  it 's around that much for me too but i have no issues . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  this site incorrectly lists the siggy 's max voltage at 8.5 v last time i checked , you have to manually correct it to 7.5 v. 
  the source is my own device . 
  well , the sx330 is a buck only chip , it can only do the maximum voltage of the batteries minus any voltage drop . 
  its accurate within those parameters . 
  most devices that display resistances in realtime without having to fire them . 
  dnas , isticks etc. 
  when you put them on the scope while they are awake ( screen on ) you will see low voltage pulses . 
  this . 
  i 'd buy a couple for my lemo drop . 
  hope you do a gb on the equivalent sigelei offering when it comes ( i ca n't deal with the ipv4 's design :( ), 
  yes , 0.40 / 0.50 mm kanthal ends up in subohm territory without a ridiculous number of wraps . 
  as a compromise , reloading would require you to manually start it and the tank would be immobile during that time , like when repairing . 
  it 's a 15 amp battery . 
  it should be okay for the 30w sigelei but not anything more powerful . 
  try a different power supply and charging cable . 
  many chinese powerbricks lie about their current capability ( or are coded for apple devices ) and low quality , long cables have significant voltage drop . 
  between the lemo drop and the subtank mini ( the latter in rba-only mode ) i 'd go with the lemo . 
  better wicking , bigger build deck , better flavor since there 's no chimney and more airflow . 
  the subtank mini is somewhat overhyped for the performance it provides . 
  in a few days i 'll have a silverplay on hand and i 'll post a few photos and write my initial impressions . 
  i 'm a lemo drop owner and i would really like a couple . 
  cone shaped coil with some genesis mesh on the inside . 
  should work well in theory . 
   clouper, 
  i use regular bottles with plastic tips to fill mine . 
  i have no real issues . 
  how warm is warm ? 
  at 1amp on my vp1 , my 25rs do get somewhat warm to the touch . 
  batteries getting warm is normal . 
  them getting extremely hot is not . 
  there 's a difference between the two . 
  a vote for the 25rs . 
  i use mine in my sigelei 150w and they perform wonderfully . 
  bought from vapor dna for $ 65.94 total , shipping to greece was extremely expensive at $ 29.95 . 
  threw a 7 wrap 26 gauge dual coil build on it and i 'm honestly not that impressed . 
  while it wicks wonderfully , keeps up at 70w on my sigelei and blows some massive clouds , flavor is pretty muted . 
  it could be my build but i kinda doubt it . 
  ~ ~ pretty disappointed with it to be honest . 
  i 'll try a few different builds this week but if it does n't work out i 'll sell it and go back to my lemo drop ~ ~ actually , the flavor is pretty good . 
  it was my technique that was incorrect , i was sucking too much for the wattage . 
  i 'll definitely be keeping it bit it wo n't replace the lemo completely . 
  edit : a really big con is that you ca n't fill it using bottles with plastic tips . 
  heavy vg juices do n't flow through needle-nosed bottles and i find filling the silverplay a bit of a chore . 
  bought from vapor dna for $ 65.94 total , shipping to greece was extremely expensive at $ 29.95 . 
  threw a 7 wrap 0.40 mm dual coil build on it and i 'm honestly not that impressed . 
  while it wicks wonderfully , keeps up at 70w on my sigelei and blows some massive clouds , flavor is pretty muted . 
  it could be my build but i kinda doubt it . 
  ~ ~ pretty disappointed with it to be honest . 
  i 'll try a few different builds this week but if it does n't work out i 'll sell it and go back to my lemo drop . ~ ~ actually , the flavor is pretty good . 
  it was my technique that was incorrect , i was sucking too much for the wattage . 
  i 'll definitely be keeping it bit it wo n't replace the lemo completely . 
  edit : a really big con is that you ca n't fill it using bottles with plastic tips . 
  heavy vg juices do n't flow through needle-nosed bottles and i find filling the silverplay a bit of a chore .
