  pwm becomes more noticeable for some people when brightness and , consequently , duty cycle decrease . 
  with a small duty cycle the display spends more time turned off than on and that becomes more noticeable . 
  at high duty cycles , the display is on most of the time and the effect is masked . 
  got ta have that fab to make the material elitists happy . 
   they do work that very few greeks bother to do anymore . 
  any carpenters or builders are ridiculously heavily albanian . 
  they do work for prices the local population would n't . 
  if they did n't exist , it does n't mean that the work would not be done , but rather , the job market would correct itself and offer greater salaries . 
  it 's not like climbing on rebar construction and molds during the 38 degree summer to operate a cement vibrator is an easy job without long-term health consequences . 
  it 's still biometrics . 
  it 's something you are , not something you know . 
  the later is more secure , and also you can not be compelled to unlock a phone with a pin or password under the 1st amendment . 
  so , i 'm wandering with all those portable lift/scaffolding accidents : is n't the control panel removable so you can control the lift from outside the bucket ? 
  that would solve the issue with people getting thrown off . 
  i understand the rule , we do n't want to become / r/trees , but the `` it 's illegal so you ca n't talk about it '' justification is like something out of nineteen eighty-four . 
  luckily this is n't the ussr . 
  jobs are offered and people chose to take them . 
  in the same way a merchant offers his wares and people chose to buy them . 
  if nobody takes a job , or there are too many jobs for the people wanting to take a job , then the one offering the job will improve compensation and/or perks to make the job offered more attractive , in the same way that a merchant will lower prices if nobody buys his wares . 
  a ( possibly illegal ) immigrant will become a more attractive proposition for employment due to the lower salary he will accept and the less care about working conditions . 
  in that sense , the employer will `` give '' the job to the immigrant , but in effect , it 's the immigrant that took the job . 
  you ca n't ask a corporation to make less profits , but you can prevent the distortion of the job market that immigrants create . 
   kfc, 
  fuck , i could for a [ drumstick ] ( http://www.browneyedbaker.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/buttermilk-fried-chicken-23-600.jpg ) right now , sadly i 'm on the non-eating day of my intermittent fasting program . 
  i 'd lay the blame both on the employer and the state for not guarding the borders and deporting illegal entrants . 
  yeah , i hope that my writings made it clear that i never faulted illegal immigrants directly for looking for a job but rather explained the issues they create when they come in a country . 
  most ( all ? ), 
  smartphones allow you to chose between american and british english, 
  it 's not the customer 's responsibility to make your contract with uber profitable . 
  nobody owes you a living . 
  one huge issue that prevents me from trusting it is that enabling the `` remove geolocation info from shared images '' option does n't actually do that , but it only hides the geolocation information in the info panel . 
  downloading the image and looking at the tag shows full geolocation information, 
  that 's missing the point . 
  i could spend 10 seconds fiddling with the cage to expand it to the edges of the image , and then it would not actually crop the image after pressing crop , but that 's not really that intuitive, 
  too late . 
  i tried going all in into streaming in the past but the limited selection ( no doujin music or indie artists ) , mediocre streaming readability , battery drain and also data costs forced me to try local music again . 
  i bought a 128gb microsd , copied my entire library to it and everything just works . 
  ewww . 
  this looks like lollipop-era touchwiz . 
  not even tor users can know peace from this evil . 
  that would require more time practicing how to act on a stage than how to play the damn game . 
  [ i hate vegans ] ( https://youtu.be/yxs_mtrjlau ), 
   they represent something, 
  some of my fetishes , maybe . 
   i get 40 hours sot , i just replaced my oled with a casio wristwatch display, 
   why would i use automatic brightness , my mom 's basement is dark all the time !, 
  / r/android in a nutshell, 
  i remember the golden days of the overgrowth let 's plays and the early kickstarter crap videos . 
  we do n't need the spineless people that would emigrate because their candidate lost the election . 
  nato strap ftw . 
   more than about 3a in a 219b - around that point , it just generates more heat, 
  yes , i never thought of that , leds are not linear and at the higher currents of pwm-controlled fet operation would somewhat defeat a purpose if a the emitter ends up overdriven hard . 
   no headphone jack, 
  into the trash it goes . 
  jbweld it, 
  ring circuits anyone ? 
  i like watching anime on the go , 128gb sometimes are not enough , plus i have around 45gb or music in mine . 
  furthermore , video and images take a lot of space over time ( i like having local copies of all my photos ) . 
  a magical button that turns the navbar into dedicated buttons under the screen , making better use of the empty bezel . 
   after the black screen + glitched audio crash happens i can reboot and it works fine until the following crash, 
  i could reboot too ( hitting the reset button ) . 
  it 's possible we face the same issue . 
  play music has no configuration for its scanner so i just ca n't use it ( it does n't show my audio files ) . 
  i like high-resolution artwork but storing them in tags is wasteful ( 300kb-1mb per artwork times 5000 tracks ... ) , so instead i use cover.jpg files . 
  to prevent the image gallery from picking up covers , i have to use a . nomedia file at the root of my music directrory . 
  play music will never recognize my tracks . 
  i understand that , but play music is completely inflexible in that regard . 
  and i do n't think having 421 album art images in the gallery a good trade-off, 
  the new card seems to be working fine the past 6 hours i had it . 
  note that my old sapphire hd6850 i used in place of my 390 while i sent it for rma did not exhibit that issue . 
   can i ask you if you have to pay for the shipping or is everything paid by sapphire ? 
  i paid for shipping to the distributor that handled the rma ( 16.50 euro from greece to the czech republic for a 1501 gram package , 1st priority , signature required with tracking number ) , distributor paid for shipping to me ( via express tnt courier ), 
  i remember back in the day , after the pu1 back in late 2013 , i could play with a sandy bridge i3 and amd 6850 the game on high just fine . 
  forward the time to 2016 ( last time i actually played ps2 was spring 2016 ) , an amd 390 ( basically 120 % increase in performance ) and an ivy bridge i5-3570 , high results in less than 30 % more fps , and the battles are not even that large any more . 
  something seriously broke the game . 
  nice `` rock '' . 
   hey buddy you 're either with us or against us, 
  and in two years , all those iot abandoned things become part of the mirai botnet or whatever iot malware is en vogue that year . 
   [ bertelsmann ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/930/908/a34.jpg ), 
  most likely you mean nat as no home user i know configures a router 's firewall . 
  the problem is that most iot garbage uses upnp to make the router forward traffic to it , and also maintains connections to a remote host , many times without encryption of verification the domain is under control from the manufacturer ( see earlier submission about devices with ragentek firmware ) . 
  sadly , not every user will take the same precautions . 
  i chose to go a different way and do n't use any iot devices at all , and use a linux mini-pc with dual nics for routing . 
  most 5v usb psus integrated into outlets are pretty shitty and not worth it . 
  500ma is n't good enough . 
   even srgb is quite restrictive, 
  it 's the only common color-space for images shared across multiple mediums , displayed by apps not applying color correction . 
  a display in srgb mode will reproduce web/facebook images with the most accuracy . 
   recently i 've noticed that it 's been getting really warm , up to an excess of 80 + degrees, 
  if it got worse compared to new , then it 's just a matter of cleaning the cooler from dust and possibly applying fresh thermal paste . 
  personally , i consider watercooling the 390 with a universal block ( block that only covers the gpu core ) a waste . 
  most implementations actually suffer from high vrm temperatures and for longevity and safe oc , i would only install a full-cover waterblock with a custom loop to keep the vrms cool and maximize their power capacity and lifetime . 
  colorspaces : it 's still better than trying to display e.g. 
  an adobergb image on a display with random colorspace . 
  having everything on the same colorspace has value . 
  display accuracy : i do n't know , whenever i see a device tuned for 7500k , with a visible color shift or with clipped colors , i cringe . 
  it 's easily visible . 
  i 'd first try re-applying thermal paste . 
  get non-conductive paste since the gpu core has smd components around it that could short if paste comes in contact with them . 
  i think the xfx 390 has a separate black vrm heatsink , i 'd suggest checking the thermal pads make contacts .
