  the dna 200 has no reverse polarity protection on the balance charging connections . 
  putting a battery backwards would fry the board . 
  the spacers on the dna releaux sled positives prevent battery negatives from making a connection , thus constituting a mechanical reverse polarity protection . 
  living the dream, 
  high-pitched whine is normal . 
  all three of my 150s do it . 
  i 'd wager something fried on the board . 
  my condolences . 
  are you sure sigelei the company even exists any more ? 
  it looks like the brand was bought by asmodus and they use random laisimo boards in the latest models . 
  from this [ coa ] ( https://fagron.com/sites/default/files/document/coa_ca1/glycerol_veg._1_kg_15f18-h12-00000_en.pdf ) i 'd assume the vg i got is 99.5 % . 
  would you mix your wfi with the vg base before hand ( i expect to go through that 1kg of vg in around a month ) or when preparing a batch ? 
  water for injection i.e. 
  distilled , sterile water . 
  because it 's too thick to wick in my tanks on its own . 
  back in may i wanted to get in the goblin groupbuy . 
  unfortunately , my card failed an avs check ( since avs does n't really work with euro cards ) . 
  communication with smog was very delayed , vague and cryptic . 
  needless to say , i wrote those 40 off and decided i would n't touch non-paypal businesses with an 8-foot long stick . 
  you 'll only be off by around 20 degrees centigrade ( or around 40f ) if you use ss316/317 on the rx200 . 
  regardless , it 's rumored that wismec/joyetech will release an update with a custom tcr setting . 
  the positive pole safety rings are to protect the dna200 . 
  the dna does n't have reverse battery protection on the balance connector , so putting a battery backwards would fry it . 
  presumably the rx200 board has , making the rings unnecessary . 
  nobody knows whether it 's a board failure or something else . 
  i personally put my money on mismatched batteries ( or even some kind of laptop pull ) and high-wattage vaping . 
  it has 8 exocets onboard so it would wipe out half of the enemy team from spawn . 
  fruity and creamy/fruity mixes are the bee 's knees . 
  spring-loaded pins are a big con in the year of our lord and savior 2015 . 
  for once , the grand majority of mods have spring-loaded pins themselves . 
  furthermore , i guarantee some idiot is going to stick it on a hybrid mech mod and vent his battery ( or worse ) . 
  lastly , the springs generally suck for conductivity and tc stability . 
  this happens is many countries , not just the us . 
  where does the article state that it 's rare or not allowed ? 
  only france , the uk and hungary are mentioned , in the case of the uk the practice is still in use . 
  here in greece it 's very common . 
  damn , i really like efusion devices but 6v of output are not enough for me . 
  i personally have no problem with juice without nicotine but i after 2 weeks of vaping like that , i decided to go back to 3mg . 
  the stimulation of nicotine is just too good ( like caffeine ) . 
  stop vaping hydrochloric acid ( i have two lemo drops , the older one from march this year and they are in perfect condition rust-wise ) . 
  i can google and find rust complaints about any thank , this does n't prove anything . 
  and i 'm not being an ass . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  stop being so easily offended . 
  / u/mooch315 guess the cell ( note the 4-pronged positive pole ) . 
  it 's not mine , it 's from a local b&m in greece , and we were discussing this test on a local forum . 
  apparently it 's an lg hg2 , comparing more photos . 
  it 's an efest purple 3000mah 35a cell . 
  very recently ( after the hg2s were drained out of the local market ) . 
  the photos are not mine , but i 'll ask the user thorin13 if he agrees . 
  from the other photos in the links i sent you , thorin 's cell matches the hg2 externally when compared side by side . 
  but it could also be an mj1 . 
  something that 's been bothering me is that the owner of the store he bought these from claimed that he `` has tested them at 35 amps '' . 
  looking at the pulsed discharged tests of the hg2 , it would seem you would need a 0.08 ohm build to even reach that current , and then even after the cell was warmed up . 
  so some kind of bullshit is in the air . 
  i personally hold no love for b&m s ( i do n't make friends with local shops/manufacturers since i do n't care about being loaned the latest `` uber boutique rta/mod '' with expectations that i shill for it on fb groups ) and am suspicious of the honesty of people selling me things so i always try to research my purchases but not everyone is like that . 
  something not touched upon is the static resistance of the atomizer itself and the mod . 
  i do n't expect all mods to be properly calibrated ( so when you put a threaded plug to short the 510 they read 0 ) and the rta/rda itself could add significant resistance due to its construction . 
  for example , i read 0.025 ohms on my lemo 2 when i use copper wire to short the coil connections . 
  i think the above would be the biggest factors when it comes to accuracy of tc with low tfr coils and not rounding errors . 
  feeling the rx200 burn i bet . 
  i bet they saw their sales plummet after the rx200 was released with all features out of the box , more power , more battery lifetime , and $ 20-40 cheaper to boot . 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  it would actually help if you mentioned what problem you encountered . 
  here 's the steps for the firmware upgrade, 
  download the windows version of the update, 
  unpack the archive somewhere ( anywhere really ), 
  connect the rx200 to your computer with a data cable . 
  the first time you do that you should see the notification that windows is installing new hardware . 
  do nothing until windows tells you that the device is ready to be used, 
  execute updatewismec.exe and verify that you see `` device name : reuleaux rx200 '', 
  click update and select the firmware file ( reuleaux_rx200_v1 .08 . bin is the latest ), 
  the software will show pop up a dialog box with `` firmware update completed . '', 
  you 're all done now and the main screen of the update software will show the new version . 
  on all levels except physical , i am mikeius, 
  [ sells out ], 
  not related but, 
  snowwolf tc at its finest, 
  the cuboid is thicker than it 's wide ( 92x42x28mm ) depending on how you carry your mod , it may or may not be more comfortable . 
  i 'd imagine it feeling more bulky in jeans pockets compared to a monolith-style device ( e.g. 
  is the `` 1.5 '' supposed to be an improvement over the original ? 
  if yes , the `` review '' is incomplete without pics of the deck . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  one thing not mentioned is the 510 . 
  if you disassemble the sig 150 , you will be surprised . 
  the 510 's pin 's spring does n't rest on the insulator but on the main body behind it ( also pushing the top-left battery contact ) . 
  a very sturdy design . 
  on most other mods , the spring rests on the 510 insulator , and after some time , when the insulator starts losing its integrity due to heat/juice or by screwing atomizers with long pins , then it 's either pushed back destroying its threads or stops insulating completely . 
  also , lower total travel for the pin . 
  i have two sig 150ws , one even left my chest pocket , bounced on the platform 's edge of our metro system , dropped and hit the rail with a corner and then stopped at the concrete sleeper . 
  the only visual mark left was a dented corner that required some filing otherwise the door would n't close completely . 
  used to be a 2 pad smoker from the age of 15 ( started smoking in highschool , 2002 ) up until last year . 
  18 nov. 2014 was the day i received my istick 20w from the post office . 
  i unwrapped it on the spot before going home , screwed on my nautilus mini that i had filled with flavorart 's max blend in 18mg right before i left and took my first puff that i also recorded on my phone . 
  at that moment , i understood vaping was the bee 's knees . 
  two days later , my first diy-related purchase : http://imgur.com/5vmrox6, 
  and less than three weeks later , following a pretty quick nicotine level reduction to 3mg i bought my first rebuildable , a shitty stillare storm 2nd hand clone with spinning posts ( got it almost free , was not sure whether rebuildables were for me ) , that nontheless was pretty awesome , enough to retire my nautilus in the drawer two days later . 
  the rest is history . 
  got a lemo drop , a sigelei 150w two months later ( that still works like a champ ) and vaping became a hobby . 
  410 days later and with 16400 cigarettes avoided , i 'm still tobacco free .
