   the 5 minutes a day where i have no internet connection, 
  having music pause due to lack of network just once in a day is enough to make streaming not only hugely inferior from a playback perspective but also more expensive . 
  not to mention the battery drain . 
   did you pay for 60 gb worth of music, 
  yes . 
  cds in the age of yore and bandcamp today . 
  plus a few dojin releases from japan . 
  a sizeable percentage of my library is also unavailable on spotify . 
  the google play music player is disfunctional and a non-starter . 
   what about new releases ? 
  what about discovering similar/new artists ? 
  discussions with friends that listen to similar genres , magazines in the age of cd and blogs today and also browsing the virtual record shop that is bandcamp , like we used to browse cds in a physical store . 
  algorithmic recommendations are really bad . 
  the charger is beyond terrible . 
  there 's no reason for usb-c to be audibly superior when carrying analog data . 
  i would consider having to care about a dongle , and one that sticks out quite a bit unlike the angled plugs of iems , quite annoying . 
  annoying enough stop me considering a device . 
  in any case , htc here is doing nothing more than copying apple and pushing their overpriced iems . 
  why not have them both on my pc and smartphone ? 
  why not have devices that do n't require me to `` save space '' , satisfying my needs for storage instead ? 
  i can keep my current monkey-model s5 with its 128gb microsd and i do n't have to make sacrifices . 
  ditto if i was able to buy the 128gb op3t . 
  gachigasm, 
  older than your mom, 
   vdsl, 
  is the door 200-pound gorilla proof ? 
  for some reason i have little faith in the performance of the switch . 
  the lack of actual heatsinks makes performance claims suspect , even with a new generation soc . 
  i especially doubt it will be able to maintain 60fps in portable mode . 
  unless the dock has a pump and a radiator , with the console completing the loop via quick disconnects , i somehow doubt that the dock will do any real cooling , except maybe blowing a fan on the back of the device . 
  it 's more likely that most performance increase will come from the limitless power allowing the soc to switch into a high power mode , still limited by heat dissipation though ( maybe 2-3 times that of a smartphone ) . 
  kaceybots brigading the thread lul, 
  eat a bullet, 
  le ebin normiebook post, 
  nobody plays timespy, 
  desire to bash intensifies, 
  what a time to be alive . 
  would you care if someone stole your work and profited from it , without honoring your agreement ? 
  it 's free software , it 's not gratis . 
  safer than being distracted using a smartphone while driving . 
  it keeps bouncing around indicating a handheld device . 
  actual resolution ( as in , resolved detail in images ) has nothing to do with sensor pixel count . 
  the article is garbage tbh , you did n't even correct for white balance . 
  they should just call it a tax rate on the produced minerals/ecs , with happiness and `` unity '' production ( ? ), 
  being affected by the rate set . 
  different goverments and ethos could also limit taxrate ranges for an added twist . 
  curator labs ? 
   now you have to go out of your way to get a screen with that much input lag, 
  most modern tvs are pretty bad . 
  this `` bokeh '' effect looks disgusting . 
  nothing like real bokeh and more like ringing . 
  it 's useless . 
  it 's a checkmark item that provides no value , and instead , costs to implement . 
  endless space has a more `` realistic '' system . 
  your `` dust '' ( serves the same purpose as energy credits and minerals ) income depends on the tax rate you set , and that directly affects opinion ( happiness ) and in the case of some factions , science and industry ( industry is a `` resource '' used for production ) output . 
  i 'd rather have a 1080p/60fps rgb oled display , freesync or not . 
  flops do n't mean anything when it comes to graphic performance . 
  furthermore , consoles and desktops can operate at maximum performance all day long , helped by heatsinks and forced air , while a soc in a mobile device will be limited to 5-6w maximum for a few seconds . 
  i dunno , i turn on the wifi hotspot on my phone and my tablet connects to it in a couple of seconds automatically ( since it has the credentials storead already ) . 
  how does this improve the experience ? 
  furthermore , i tether over usb when possible . 
  it 'd be better if tb refrained from speaking about topics he does n't know about . 
  a few google searches do n't impart enough knowledge to make an authoritative video about technology topics . 
  i remember when windows updates used to be boring ordeals with security fixes and sometimes esoteric bugfixes . 
  with windows 10 , ms threw quality control out of the airlock . 
  exynos for everyone !, 
  4 months left . 
  fake news . 
  hopefully hitachi brought some know-how to ansaldobreda . 
  their rolling stock is pretty terrible . 
  i barfed and then lost balance and fell on my own barf when trying vr . 
  [ it 's only fair ... ] ( https://imgur.com/a/vqpup ), 
  [ more accurate ] ( https://i.imgur.com/p420ie0.jpg ), 
  the gpu is capable and sapphire 's cooler is good , but it sadly ca n't overclock for shit . 
  yes, 
  looks like a fake post-process effect . 
  regardless , arc flashes are serious business , my father slowly developed cataracts when two phases in a 400v 3-phase panel shorted . 
  he had surgery done and artificial lenses implanted . 
  and terrible to look at ( lol 9000k white temperature ), 
   exposing youtubers, 
  very common in greece too . 
  `` context '' is a fascist-capitalist invention . 
  9000k white temperature, 
  nobody wants to be blacklisted from review samples . 
  cmon ian throw that shitty kit lens in the trash and get a parfocal one so you can do those zooming memes without losing focus . 
  [ it 's 7,500 k ] ( http://www.displaymate.com/galaxy_s7_shootout_1.htm ) . 
  it 's far from the v20s 9000k , and even the oversaturated colors are close to the proper ones , compared to the v20 's display . 
  and you also get an option for proper gamut and white temperature , as is proper of a flagship . 
  nobody should defend that display . 
  passively observing drama gives me a reason to live . 
  voltage has nothing to do with heat . 
  heat in a phone during charging comes from two sources : the internal resistance and chemical reactions in the battery , and the voltage regulator of the charging circuit . 
  incoming voltage from the usb port does n't really matter , the efficiency of the ( usually switched ) regulator does . 
  dash charging does actually change the voltage . 
  the charging circuit resides in the power brick and the voltage on the cable is the same as the voltage of the battery . 
  why not both ( flair ) ? 
  when flashing a rom with odin the / data partition ( apps and data ) does not get lost . 
  at first boot , the device does the same preparation for updating existing data in the / data partiotion as with ota updates . 
  only a root or 3rd party bootloader is lost when flashing with odin . 
  [ it does n't work that way .
