   you have a high opinion of them, 
  who is `` you '' ? 
  your main governing faction ? 
  the player ? 
  the population ? 
  welp . 
   real value, 
  the real value of a thing is whatever someone wants to pay for it . 
  a proper system like this would be nice , yes . 
  the game should n't assume the player empire 's attitude and opinion , unless there is an actual gameplay mechanic that the player partakes in affecting it . 
  the player should be allowed the full-range of diplomatic options allowed by government ethos . 
  things like border friction and the like should n't affect the player . 
  the player asking for federation membership should n't be affected by what the game thinks the a.i. 
  would do when controlling the player empire . 
  an actual gameplay mechanic affecting actions of the player i wrote about it in another thread in this post . 
  factions demanding for autocratic governments to change ethoses , triggering a civil war if the player declines . 
  or electing leaders that will do that , and the player being able to influence the election at great influence ( over 800 ) cost . 
  or leaders having agendas limiting what the player can do . 
  those kinds of things . 
  player empires should not have computer-decided opinions and attitudes that affect diplomacy . 
  they do not really map to the way the player interacts with the empire the control and the game 's world in any way . 
   this one is so that the conflict between two empires over the borders are shown , who gets what system and so on , this one is passable, 
  the ai empire can base its opinion due to border friction . 
  the player empire should have no opinion of ai empires . 
  the player is the opinion and the attitude . 
   it should n't affect what you do or request but in case of ai deciding it should , do you remember the message spams , those could happen, 
  actually , diplomacy initiated by a.i towards the player is exceedingly rare . 
  they mostly ask for charts that are useless ( you tend to miss some events if you do n't send out science ships ) , and sometimes strategic resources . 
  if the a.i empire has a low opinion score of the player empire , it should n't try diplomacy . 
  but otherwise , the game should n't try to assume the player 's intentions using the same metrics it uses for a.i empires . 
  it 's generic consumer junk . 
  chill out . 
  5 rupees have been deposited to your bank account . 
   how should the ai guess what the player plans, 
  the same way a human player does in mp , espionage ( maybe in future patches ) , observation stations to scan into enemy territory , entering the player 's system and looking at the fleets directly ( if borders are closed then , ding ding ding , that means something ) and by monitoring the relative power . 
  it 's consumer junk . 
  it 's not art , it 's not hand-crafted artisan goods , it 's generic shit mass-produced in china . 
  i do n't get it , what does this have to do with anything ? 
  i 'm not saying shit like `` i could kill for this '' or anything like that . 
  i do n't really care about what one buys but i 'm really put off by blind consumerism and exaggerations ( `` i could kill for it '' upthread for example ) . 
  laptops are n't such goods and they do n't have to be, 
  hopefully you 'll vote with your wallet and discontinue your subscription . 
  it 's paying for the privilege of being treated like a criminal . 
  people that support ( i.e. 
  not only pay for , but also speak in favor of ) such business models must have some kind of cognitive dissonance . 
  it 's not mandatory to `` consume '' content . 
  the 10gb of free space my device has is enough for my apps , i use microsd cards for storing large amounts of media and quickly transferring them . 
  speed is not that important . 
  `` i agree to be taken advantage of and that 's okay '', 
  it 's a matter of drm , not quality . 
  i have a generic samsung evo + 128gb card and the write speed of 20mb/s is way , way better than what my internet connection or wifi file transfer apps manage . 
  i 've been using microsd cards ever since the first dumbphones supported it . 
  i never had one die when using it . 
  is this fake news ? 
  zomg so obscure , hidden gems i tell you, 
  mkx has a tournament scene ? 
  delet this reeeeeeeeee, 
  because the local oligarch pocketed the money . 
  mental gymnastics gold medalist, 
  i find that cruisers suffer greater amounts of attrition since they 're at the front at the starting stages of the battle , and it takes some time for corvettes to overtake them and provide cover . 
  loadouts wise , gauss/kinetics and plasmas in a 2:1 or 3:1 ratio , one flak module on every cruiser and destroyer . 
  battleships with all large slots , 4 kinetics , 2 plasmas and mostly armor to take them above 80 % with some shields in the rest of the slots . 
  cruisers with a mix of armor and shields . 
  regenerative armor and shield capacitor on bbs and cas , regenerative armor to slowly heal them during downtime ( while slow , the healing ends up as a force multiplier during prolonged conflicts imo ) and the shield capacitor helps tank quite a bit . 
  destroyers get 1m gauss , 1s gaus , 1 flak and 1 s plasma . 
  shield capacitor , only shields , no armor . 
  corvettes get 2 gauss 1 plasma , shield capacitor , only shield , no armor . 
  the large amount of frontline flak ( due to the greater amount of cruisers ) really helps with missiles , fighters or prethoryn swarms and insta-melts them . 
  corvettes overtake the cruisers soon after and their damage really adds up while dodging lots of shots while the all large bbs stay at the back and melt heavy targets . 
  destroyers kinda hang in the middle of the pack and and chill . 
  yes . 
  cpus essentially turn all power they consume into heat since they do n't produce any other kind of work . 
  `` clearer '', 
  does that mean that the display will not have the calibration ( or lack of ) of a $ 70 iphone clone ? 
  9000k white temperature on two flagship devices ? 
  what where they thinking . 
  -1 for lack of shooping effort, 
  wifi is a shared medium . 
  it 's complicated but generally , with more devices sharing the same channel , better technologies achieve better speeds , due to newer coding schemes and greater bandwidth shared between them . 
  also , in case of a very busy spectrum ( 5-10-20 different access points visible with high signal strength ) , an access point that can use 5.2 ghz offer way more stable performance less affected by other aps , albeit at a slightly reduced range . 
  rma it . 
  my 390 had the same issue and it was a hardware fault of the gpu itself . 
   sadly there is no mention of any gorilla glass protection or such, 
  take a boxcutter to it . 
  what a lazy `` review '' . 
  it puts the entire article into question . 
  sounds like generic radio-friendly `` rock '' . 
  if they had to return it , then it 's understandable but i somehow i doubt it . 
  if only the 128gb version was in stock ... 64gb without microsd are not enough . 
  25gb of mp3s , around 6 years of photos and a bit of video , locally stored 1080p animu/live-action shows and some documents . 
  right now i 'm using around 68gb of storage in my microsd , but i only have around 5gb total used by apps and misc . 
  data in phone storage . 
   you 're using it wrong, 
  then you 'd have to switch ecosystems , buy apps again and also learn how to use a different os . 
  i do , but i still like keeping local copies . 
  in any case , my dcim folder is only 20gb large . 
  iphones have excellent audio outputs with almost zero impedance . 
  being able to use some shitty branded eq to create overbearing bloated bass does n't make a `` dac '' good . 
  i 'm like him , i do n't know what i may want to listen to beforehand . 
  it 's nice having your entire collection with you at all times , you can listen to anything at any time , no matter what network coverage you have .
