  at the moment a 22mm dripper on the istick feels a bit silly ( but works with a somewhat odd dualcoil build at 1.4 ohm ) . 
  yes . 
  internet points are srs bsns, 
  the nautilus with bvc coils underperforms on a regular ego battery ( especially when it 's not completely charged ) . 
  like another dude i 'd advise towards getting the istick . 
  not only will performance be where it should but you will also last an entire day and can charge the device without having to unscrew the clearomizer all the time ( microusb charging ) . 
  current ones too , grandparent is incorrect . 
  second build i 've ever done . 
  2 coils with 7.5 wraps of 0.28 kanthal down to 1ohm as shown by the istick . 
  this stillare clone for all its flaws ( completely shitty posts ) is really fogging it with good flavor . 
  incomparable to my nautilus mini which i 'll be selling . 
  i 'll never go back to clearos . 
  with the wealth of information online , there 's little excuse for such a thing ( extremely busy schedule is a valid one ) . 
  i started vaping 3 weeks ago and i was very well acquainted with how devices worked , various categories of devices and juice . 
  forward to now , i 'm on my second day of dripping with a build i did today that performs very well and looks decent on camera too ( the first build , while it vaped good and got compliments at the vapeshop made people cringe due to the slanted , and slightly janky , coils ) . 
  people are lazy and ca n't be bothered to educate themselves . 
  it 's one thing to not want to take something to the hobby level , it 's another thing to see all the disgusting gunk and not even wonder for a second ( or even ask the vapeshop next time you 're there ) if it 's okay . 
  there 's also the panasonic ncr18650b at 3400mah that 's rated for 6.8 amps ( 2c ) . 
  perfect for mods that can go up to 25w and a great candidate to put in an istick when the original battery finally dies . 
  hopefully it wil be more powerful than the istick ( did n't the t8 output something like 80w max compared to the 150w it advertised ? ), 
  they ca n't put the 510 in the middle since that would interfere with the battery compartment . 
  510s are recessed and the connector and cables take space inside . 
  furthermore you need some space from the battery since the connector gets quite hot with some atomizers . 
  it 's the same reason the istick has the connector where it does . 
  7 wraps 29 gauge on 3mm drill x2 , 1ohm vs 6 wraps 32 gauge on 2mm drill x2 , 1.2 ohm , on an istick . 
  the former works well but the latter produces semi-dry hits and generally unpleasant taste . 
  why is that ? 
  i 've punched the numbers on steam engine 's coil calculator and the latter comes up way hotter ( deep red ) . 
  could it be due to this ? 
  also , recommend me a flavor-oriented sub-22mm dripper with adjustable airflow ( sometimes i like semi-restricted , sometimes i like ultra-airy max wattage hits ) . 
  i 'd suggest trying a cheap dripper ( look at ukvaper classifieds or whatever regional vaping forum you have ) and doing a build with 2 coils , 7 wraps 29 gauge ( 0.28 mm ) kanthal on a 3mm drill bit . 
  wick it with cotton and enjoy the `` high-end '' . 
  as a bonus , you wo n't have to buy the extremely expensive replacement coils of the subtank or the atlantis . 
   to add to this , i 've recommend going with 28g and more wraps around 3 , 4mm . 
  more surface area on the coil , more wicking inside the coil . 
  you 'll get a better taste and have to drip less . 
  would n't that be a very cold setup that take a long time to heat up ? 
  alexander sounds interesting , grape flavor without sweetness . 
  thanks you !, 
  it 's a rebranded istick for ecig hellas . 
  bought it because it was the cheapest and has actual local repair service and warranty . 
  it 's a stillare clone that i 'm looking to ditch asap for a better rda due to matters unrelated to its performance ( completely shitty posts ) . 
  there were no clones when i bought it in 18 of november . 
  it also has the eleaf authenticity scratch-and-check sticker ( that checks out ) . 
  regular prices where around 55-59 .99 $ and the ecig rebrand was 47.2 $ , the cheapers i could buy with next-day delivery here in greece . 
  it was a complete kit with usb adapter , ego adapter and cable . 
  the istick is imported and re-branded by two large b & m chains that also provide support for it . 
  small shops import eleaf isticks via other means but have no spares for repairs etc . 
  something like this happens in the he uk where it 's dubbed the curve . 
  i only lasted 3 weeks on my nautilus mini that i started with . 
  i hang around at the local vapeshop and tried the performance of kayfuns and drippers . 
  i went and bought a used stillare clone and never went back to the nautilus . 
  worst thing was i had to dilute many bottles of diy juice that was on standby since the 9mg nic in it hit like iceberg that sank the titanic . 
  the smok omnitester can measure resistance , voltage without load and voltage under load when screwing both a battery and atty on it . 
  it also acts as a decent base for building coils . 
  a major advantage of the omnitester compared to other devices is the fact it works with pwm devices ( isticks , provaris etc ) where other meters show nonsense values . 
  you should be able to find it in french stores , b&m and online , using google 's advanced search with the region set to france the first result was http://www.e-clopmania.com/accessoires-mods/776-smok-omnitester-ohmetre-2000000018508.html, 
   the istick is plagued with problems regarding the 510 connection and the usb plug breaking inside the mod, 
  disagree , all problems are self-inflicted . 
  i see at least 6 isticks of various people in the shop i frequent and they 're all working fine . 
  us only ? 
  thank you !, 
  it 's an old sr4300 . 
  it does it job though , which is to power a pair of speakers and low-pass the signal before it reaches a sub , driven by sp-dif optical from the computer . 
  now we need someone to explain like this why if/why naked copper and brass rdas/rtas should be avoided . 
  my initial thoughts after reading about copper and brass interactions with acidic liquids as well as some information regarding the oxidization layer is that those are really bad materials to build things that are in the vapor/juice path . 
  i do n't think you should shy away from dual-coils on the istick . 
  i run a 1ohm build on my stillare that 's 7.5 wraps of 29 gauge kanthal on a 3mm drillbit ( do n't know if it 's a `` micro coil '' at that diameter but it 's pinched together and heats up from the inside ) and its chucking it good , heats up quickly and produces great flavor . 
  my friend has an ipv2s and has no issues screwing his on the omnitester fwiw . 
  there 's no reason even a bigger boxmod like the ipv3 would n't fit , nothing protrudes from the omnitester enough to hit the boxmod as it rotates to get screwed on it . 
  he mostly bought it as a base for building his rbas and verifying their resistance before screwing them on mechs though . 
  got an hcigar magma clone to replace the stillare clone that was starting to break down . 
  perfect machining , well working and solid posts but extremely dirty , took me 1 hour to clean the machine oil . 
  threw my standard 7 wraps of 29 gauge kanthal build on it with japanese cotton and it vapes like a dream . 
  building on it is very easy , posts have decently sized holes and they grab the wire well . 
  good vapor production , extreme flavor and surprisingly it works well at clearo wattages with smaller holes open . 
  also the drip well is huge making it a good out and about dripper . 
  filling it is easy since there 's no center post , just remove the driptip and drip inside . 
  one minus , it 's very noisy when drawing air and the driptip is uncomfortable ( so i put my siam mods driptip on ) . 
  recommended for the istick due to the way it works at a range of lower wattages , does n't require subohm builds on mechs or powerful box mods . 
  twisted420 is living proof that you do n't need to be a surgeon to be able to wrap microcoils and build an rda . 
  not all cheap authentics satisfy all niches . 
  for example , i do n't know of a cheap authentic like the magma , the hcigar clone of which i 've been enjoying the past 4 hours . 
  furthermore , outside the us things end up quite expensive and clones end up quite a bit cheaper . 
  case in point , i ca n't find the holmes anywhere in europe ( us shops charge at least $ 10 for shipping ) and in all us shops its listed it as out of stock . 
  furthermore , the holmes is not really equivalent to the magma , no domed topcap and i have no leaking issues with mine even when i tilt it . 
  i paid for my clone 25 $ and i 've been enjoying it immensely . 
  and according to a shop owner i know well , it 's not only the customer who pays exorbitant prices , it 's the shop owner as well since you have to pay a subscription in order to sell five pawns liquids . 
  the real dangers of subohm vaping . 
  finished a dual vertical coil on my magma . 
  kind of a bitch to wick , japanese cotton pads made it easier than if i used normal organic cotton . 
  flavor is good but does n't justify the extra effort imo . 
  looks cool though . 
  do you have the relay update for the asgard ? 
  without it i would n't dare connect my cans to it . 
  one of the benefits for shopping from a local b&m shop is that during an emergency like this the employee/owner will probably lend you an ego or two . 
  cloupor , not even once . 
  if it works the same way as the t8 , it 's a great mvp2 .0 competitor . 
  in the off chance it 's actually outputting what it really claims then it 's gon na be a great device . 
  it 's a lot smaller than the ipv mini .
