  it 's an premade aluminum case with a board , 510 and battery mounted in it . 
  nothing is `` designed '' or custom made for it . 
  thanks op . 
  copper for that ultra-low voltage drop . 
  even better , get a copper smpl ( the v1 , not the `` somewhat of a knockoff '' v2 ) , use 10 braincells ( to keep it safe ) and enjoy the most powerful and `` simple '' mech mod there is . 
  not using a subtank with a collapsing positive pin on it ( e.g. 
  subtank mini with rba is ok , due to the solid positive pin of the rba , but with premade coil head it 's no good because the positive pin of the coil head collapses under stress due to the soft washer ) . 
  screw the wattage wars , design it to operate in dual-18650 mode and make it very compact . 
  lipo energy capacity is mediocre compared to the volume they take up . 
  i hate stealth marketing . 
  public transportation is for plebeians . 
  thank you for the giveaway !, 
  it 's all good , i made the comment in jest . 
  something like this would work then . 
  this particular clamp has the main discharge cables , voltage measuring cables ( that plug into the electronic load , so it measures voltage more accurately instead of measuring through the current sinking terminals inaccurately after the losses due to high current ) and a third set of cables that plug into a pc-controlled lab power supply that charges the battery . 
  the entire test is completely scripted from a computer . 
  the answer is yes , especially for older cells . 
  all batteries have internal resistance ( as a consequence of the chemical reactions happening inside , as well as the resistance of the materials themselves ) and produce heat when current passes through them . 
  older cells have increased internal resistance compared to fresh ones ( due to the anodes degrading ) and heat a lot more . 
  the increased ir is also responsible for the lower performance of an old cell . 
  is it dangerous ? 
  as long as you can comfortably hold the hot cell , not really , since the temperature is lower than the threshold of skin burning ( 60c or so ) . 
  i love mine so much that i went ahead and [ got a second one today ] ( http://imgur.com/sg9aad9 ), 
  i said the same thing regarding innokin 's new tank some days ago but the fanbois all rushed and downvoted me . 
   call me crazy but i do n't like any tank that 's over 5 mls , i get tired of flavors, 
  do what i did . 
  get more tanks , have a tank dedicated to a flavor . 
  the website works just fine , why do you need an `` app '' ? 
  more like / r/electronic _ cigarette_vendors, 
  it 's an rda designed for instagram build shots . 
  usefulness is limited otherwise . 
  that number is somewhat worthless . 
  i 'm 99 % certain it 's 98 % at a very limited band of output voltages vs input voltages , it could drop as low as 60 % with different parameters . 
  multiple `` efficiency vs output voltage '' graphs ( one graph for a different level of input voltage ) would be an actually helpful spec . 
  that vaporshark has no paint chips on it . 
  it 'd be better if you tested pairs of the same battery . 
  if both samples track well in voltage and capacity , that means that the batteries have low production variation and can be used safely in series applications . 
  i do n't know , i do n't expect the battery to have good conductivity unless the cap is torqued a bit ( like you can do with a coin ) . 
  increase pressure leads to contact resistance dropping . 
  i have verified it on another application ( fuseholders ) where contact resistance played less of a role ( bit still affected voltage drop ) due to higher voltage and lower currents . 
  the total surface area of 10mm of 24x1 ( ? ), 
  threads is way less than the contacts of a maxi fuse holder . 
  it 's enough to spot if the cells are recycled cells out of laptops orif the production line of the batteries can not maintain constant quality . 
  true , but in general , you can either expect a new cell from one of the `` good '' manufacturers or a chinese cell with variance between samples or recycled cells that are all over the place . 
  a thermoelectric cooler ( peltier or tec ) is cold on one side and hot on the other ( it 's a very inefficient heatpump ) . 
  the heat would be transferred to more sensitive areas like the board and batteries instead of the rda , and require a heatsink on the hot side of it . 
  furthermore , you 'd have to account for the tec 's power draw ( 10ws would be a starting point in power , and it 'd run almost all the time for regular vaping ) . 
  lastly , most tecs are square in shape and i would imagine quite awkard to mount ( you have to apply heat across the entire surface of it , otherwise you 'd accumulate frost on it ) . 
  i think something like a 510 heatsink is a better starting point https://www.fasttech.com/products/3023/10010809/2471100 edit : i think https://www.fasttech.com/products/3023/10010809/1999301 is better, 
  thank you for the giveaway . 
  i really like the efusion . 
  it 's one of the most slick and professional looking devices out there and comes at an awesome price , especially compared to the crappy hammonds or 3d printed ugly sold at outrageous prices . 
  measure with a different multimeter , yours could be way off , esp . 
  if it 's a random $ 10 pos . 
   something that starts with a k, 
  did you actually like cream ? 
  my local b&m in greece has an open bottle and it smells like putrid milk , though since the bottle is old it could be degraded . 
  check your sled maybe ? 
  i 'm not really sold on the keystone sled 's performance at high currents personally . 
  while it may be the best premade solution available to put in a box the contacts look thin compared to the contacts found in sigelei 150s etc ( the sig has a thick copper bridge between the batteries with two big springs behind it and the contacts where the wires go are thick brass terminals ), 
  if you need more power than 150w , the dna 200 , the only true 200w board in the market . 
  if you 're satisfied with 150w but found the snowwolf lacking , an sx330 device will suit you well . 
  i build a dual staged heating coil yesterday with a combination of twisted 26g and 24g . 
  came up to 0.13 ohms . 
  set my old , trusty sig150 ( thenon tc model ) and measured the voltage on the atomizer . 
  i saw 4.36 v that works out to 146w with the 0.13 ohm load . 
  clouds and flavor for days ( staged coils are amazing ) . 
  note that the okl-t20 board in the hexohm is limited to 20 amps and 6v so you 're gon na get even less power than your sw and you must build 0.3 and lower get that power ( if you 're into single-core claptons it 's not a good choice ) . 
  the dna200 with the 9v output affords more flexibility . 
  also , vw is nice . 
  staged coils have huge surface area already . 
  esp with twisted wire in the mix . 
  and personally , with a high wattage box i find no reason to use a mech , it produces less power ( with my smpl and the above build i get a measly 3.3 v at the posts ) and fades as the battery drains . 
  i personally use my xtar vp1 charger that 's accurate to the second decimal place too . 
  thanks / u/cloupor !, 
  thanks for tagging !, 
  i listen to vaporwave while vaping . 
   pulling out the whole charger out of the drawer, 
  my vp1 is near my mousepad and constantly connected to mains . 
  i go through at least a pair of batteries every day ( more if i 'm using a mech or single-18650 device ), 
  with all the space available above the battery compartment , it would n't be hard to put a mosfet in there if the internals suck . 
  anywhere from 0.13 ohms on a dripper to 0.8 ohms in a rebuildable tank . 
   lipos have been a little hyped recently, 
  whenever you read big words without corresponding tests , be wary . 
  i was not sold on lipo packs when people like the cloudmaker folk started hyping them in ecr and i 'm not sold still . 
  note that dual 2500mah 18650s have around 25 % more energy in them than a 1300mah 3s pack . 
  if i were to build a dna200 device i 'd build it in 2s mode . 
  what color will it be shipped ? 
  if possible i 'd prefer dark orange . 
  thanks !, 
  if you 're an international user , beware that smog 's credit card processor uses avs in a way that is very sensitive and will bounce your transaction in case of mismatch . 
  as , at least in europe , avs is not a thing , many cards do not have all the information avs uses correctly set by the bank . 
  for some reason i never got my bounced payments refunded and lost around 85 $ . 
  after some back and forth with smog ( who were pretty unhelpful and late to reply ) i decided my time was worth more than that 85 $ . 
  non-replaceable batteries . 
  unknown chip/board that could be completely inaccurate or dangerous, 
  the looks are eh ... 
  thermocouples are more accurate for that use , flir cameras tend to not be as accurate for such small objects . 
  it 's the mosfet that 's creating the heat , the resistor is there to drain the energy ( the mosfet has some capacitance ) quickly and turn off the circuit . 
  there 's a reason high quality premade boxmods go to the trouble of engineering thick spring-loaded copper contacts instead of the lightweight leaf-spring stanless-steel contacts the keystone sled uses .
