  i 'm using an oring from a driptip to prevent overtightening and keep the magma from rotating . 
   this device is producing a nice consistent vape . 
  i think i 'd like to switch over to pwm so i have something to complain about, 
  someone should do a double-blind test to hopefully put this to rest . 
  the way kanthal heats up and retains heat , you 'd think that pwm at a frequency of 30hz and over would produce indistinguishable vape experience . 
  what kind of battery do you run there ? 
  the istick is overpowered compared to the displayed wattage ( since it uses mean voltage ) and that 's what you 're experiencing . 
  scroll down and look at the vv/vw tables . 
  first column is the displayed setting , other columns are the real values depending on atomizer resistance . 
  ah , the lil ' octopus . 
  my bro at the b&m tells me that its implied simplicity due to by its design and lack of parts is deceiving and people buying it as a beginner rda are disappointed . 
  the tiny deck combined with the thumbscrews means the build is hard to do and the thumbscrews require girly hands . 
  it 's also a bit hard to align the airholes to the coils well due to the lack of topcap . 
  he usually recommends generic 3 post , 3 section ( deck , barrel , topcap , airflow adjusted by topcap ) rdas for noobies like the stillare since they 're so much easier to build and set up the airflow . 
  some kind of cradle dock where you can insert and remove the istick as is with the usb cable in place is what i 'm going to do personally . 
  will probably use wood though . 
  sorry op but your measurements are bogus . 
  the vamo is pwm so unless you have a very expensive true rms ac/dc multimeter ( true rms ac ones are not fit for this ) or an oscilloscope then you 're measuring things incorrectly . 
  http://youtu.be/ue0wtlrmcje?t=6m45s for more information, 
  the vamo has mean and rms voltage measurement modes ( just changes the way it measures voltages and calculates watts ) but it still regulates with pwm . 
  it does n't have buck/boost circuitry inside . 
  pwm on a simple boosted voltage ( like the istick does ) . 
  buck/boost dc to dc conversion is expensive to implement , the vamo would n't cost what it does if it did . 
  as someone who at the moment has 3 bottles of various sizes in one hand ( totalling 100ml ) stirring them , this made me laugh . 
  also have 3 bottles brewing . 
  ( every day is a new day so it needs a new flavor ), 
  plastic because they 're a lot easier to handle out and about and there 's no danger of breaking them if you drop them . 
  they also take way less space in pockets . 
  is n't the mutation x overkill for the istick ? 
  personally i was advised by my bro at the b&m to go with the magma and it 's working out beautifully , even at lower wattages . 
  two coils with 9 wraps of 29 gauge kanthal on a 2ish mm screwdriver coming out at 1.3 ohm and this thing rocks . 
  it 's designed more as a high-wattage cloudchaser with all that airflow and at istick wattages you 're gon na get poor flavour . 
  well , the chamber and airflow are generally optimized for different applications on each devices . 
  shit . 
  that 's a lot of stuff . 
  thank you . 
  / r/ecr _ eu is pretty dead sadly . 
  there 's not even a submission regarding the news about portugal 's future e-liquid tax . 
  i 'm subbed but only rarely browse it . 
  the mvp20 looks neat but i already have my istick and i do n't think i can go to a device with inferior ergonomics . 
  hopefully the mvp 3 will have a proper oled display with a battery meter and be a little smaller, 
  i only took up vaping approximately 1 month ago , i did n't know . 
  the sub is still underpopulated though . 
   10 points : a pbusardo video - an interview with dr. farsalinos submitted 2 hours ago, 
   20 points : have you guys seen this ? 
  vaping at 400 watts submitted 2 hours ago, 
  priorities ... 
   ot of these box mods are in the shape of an actual box . 
  round that thing out a bit , the istick fits so nicely in the hand . 
  i have no issues with mine . 
  when i were using clearos i screwed and unscrewed mine multiple times a day to fill it . 
  now that i 'm using the magma exclusively , i charge it constantly and ( ab ) use the usb a lot . 
  i have no issues still . 
  i understand the threads are softer than in other devices and that too much abuse on the usb connector can end up breaking it from the board , but it 's not like i baby the device . 
  gold reserve looks really interesting . 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  thank you . 
  i kept thinking about and i wished dr. farsalinos was asked one more question . 
  copypasting my youtube comment here . 
   one question was not asked , and i think it 's pretty important since it 's gon na be another avenue of attack against the `` refillables '' by either the cigalike or tobacco companies . 
  what about the materials that come in contact with juice ? 
  we see lots of manufacturers going for looks above safety and using brass and copper in atomizers without having any information about the safety of those materials . 
  the fda prohibits the use of those where food is concerned . 
  brass and copper react with acidic liquids ( a lot of fruit juices are in that category ) , zinc can escape from brass into the liquid and the oxidation layer of those materials is carcinogenic when inhaled . 
  i hope manufacturers come to their senses and start putting the health of the vapers ahead of making their devices look `` cool '' and proactively switch to exclusively using stainless steel for materials in atomizers . 
  for some reason mvp threads always turn into istick bashfests . 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  i did my homework and bought an istick and nautilus mini ( 3 weeks later i threw the natty in the trash and started dripping ) but now most vapeshops have enough expertise to guide to-be vapers to the right direction . 
  my local shop sells new vapers that do n't want to spend lots of money an aspire ce5 bvc and a pair of egos and that setup is acceptable to start with . 
  it 's just cigalikes and unprofessional shops that are the problem . 
  the battery symbol is just a pictorial battery voltage indicator and it changes with sag under load . 
  yours indicates extreme voltage sag . 
  it could either be a fake battery or a faulty ipv mini . 
  visit a local vapeshop and ask them to try one of their batteries in there . 
  if it works , it 's the battery , if it does n't then the ipv mini is faulty . 
  also try switching between pwm and voltage regulation mode . 
  unless the ipv mini is something like the cloupor t8 and lies about its capabilities ... 
  tribeca, 
  people claim they can tell the difference . 
  that said , people claim they can tell the difference between normal audio cables and $ 5000 ones boiled in the blood of virgins so take anything you hear with a pinch of salt . 
  in theory , with the time it takes to heat kanthal and the way it retains temperature , you 'd think that pwm at 30hz or faster would have no effect on vape quality . 
  thank you . 
  fogger and milk & honey 6mg/ml . 
  thank you . 
  thank you !, 
  morning vape pg/vg , 6mg and strawberry fields , max vg , 6mg . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you for the giveaway . 
  soft serve strawberry looks interesting , 6mg/ml max vg . 
  so i was chilling with the vape-shop employee who 's a real bro and while making sure i have all my shit on me so he closes shop i see a fully charged ego . 
  `` will it fire a 1ohm build ? '', 
  `` who knows ? 
  try it out . '', 
  `` does the light flash during an error condition ? '', 
  `` yeah it does . '', 
  so i screw it on , the light comes on normally when firing and whe both laugh like mad while i 'm blowing clouds with it . 
  i say `` this is going straight to shitty_ecr '' . 
  there 's a possibility your pg/vg bases have shitty quality . 
  try vaping the zero-nic base directly . 
  it should be odorless and have no taste , or be very slightly sweet with no actual discernible flavor .
