  i it really arctic silver 4 ? 
  i only know of arctic silver 5 and arctic silver mx-4 . 
  the mx-4 is not conductive , as 5 is . 
  arctic cooling is the manufacturer . 
  arctic silver is the brand name for the silver-impregnated paste arctic silver 5 . 
  repeating that does n't make it true . 
  * 50ml pink mule 80/20 6mg, 
  * 35ml pink mule 80/20 0mg, 
  \u03a3\u03c5\u03b6\u03ae\u03c4\u03b7\u03c3\u03b7 \u03c3\u03c7\u03b5\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03ac \u03c4\u03bf / r/deeper _ diy https://www.reddit.com/r/deeper_diy/comments/2zu6wr/the_evils_of_vg_as_a_carrier/, 
  / csg / is love , / csg / is life, 
  custom watercooling loops, 
  i agree . 
  a big honking heatpipe tower cooler is the best for reliability . 
  in case your fans die , you will have no real issue as even passively ( with case airflow ) it will dissipate enough heat so that temperatures rise slowly and the cpu enters thermal throttling safely . 
  on the other hand , with a dead pump or loss of coolant , the cpu will have almost zero cooling and damage is more possible , and repairs more troublesome . 
   a large heatpipe tower cooler is less likely to make perfect contact with the cpu, 
  if it does n't there 's something wrong with the installation . 
  backplates exist for a reason , and they bond the cpu to the cooler extremely well . 
   if your pc is moved about much , it 's more likely to break, 
  not really , unless you drop the case from a foot high or something, 
  it 's too bad it uses android 's mediastore . 
  as someone with lots of music , and a preference for high quality artwork , i am forced to use standalone image files in every folder for cover art ( to prevent waste from embedding the file in the tags ) and then a . nomedia file in the root of the music folder to prevent the image gallery from getting swamped by album art files . 
  i ca n't tell the scanner to ignore . nomedia files and also customize the scan paths . 
  look at gonemad music player for something that implements a custom scanner and you will probably understand the usage scenarios . 
  hope they fixed the dpc latency issues under windows 10 that require you to restart the system every two days due to latency getting so bad that audio starts glitching, 
  i personally ca n't go back to tn displays after getting used to ips display quality . 
  luckily , here in greece privatization is coming very soon and we will get rid of the inefficient , low quality service we have today . 
  [ i hate vegans ] ( https://youtu.be/yxs_mtrjlau ), 
  yes . 
  i was puzzled since i did n't think it was the amd driver , but last month i had to send my card to rma and i used the integrated intel gpu and i had no issues . 
  after i received the replacement , i ran ddu to clean everything , installed crimson and the problem returned . 
  the rail services can not become any worse under private management . 
  right now , under ose , they 're at the worst they can be with constant delays , canceled services , dirty passenger cars ( inside and outside ) and unprofessional staff . 
  and ose is receiving big subsidies for these that i 'm paying out of my pocket . 
  # \\ #notallsocialists, 
  does it come with the chinese botnet installed ? 
   multilanguage support, 
  does that work only if both languages use the same alphabet ( e.g. 
  latin ) ? 
  i ca n't see how that would work if the two languages had different alphabets and layouts ( e.g. 
  latin and cyrillic of greek ) . 
  fake koreans do n't count . 
   instrumental inc. 
  literally who . 
  this reads more like a native add for the `` startup '' rather than an actual paper . 
  no 23-24 '' ips display with lfc . 
  google play does n't sell movies , it just allows you to watch them . 
  edit : snark aside , the fact that you have no control over audio language ( it defaults to whatever language your credit card 's country matches to ) is a big negative . 
  45.34 % of all statistics are made on the post, 
  rip pc master . 
  may be a bit late but there 's the alphacool nexxxos gpx - ati r9 390 m01 that is compatible . 
  the vrms sapphire used for the nitro seem somewhat mediocre and personally i would only bother with a full ( unavailable ) or semifull-cover block like the alphacool . 
  the real question is , what was the thermal properties of the platform running it ? 
  i ca n't imagine it running like this on the limited tdp and thermally throttled mobile implementations of the sd820 . 
  on a devboard with a heatsink and a tdp of 15w , it 's not that extraordinary . 
  personally i find decoding on the cpu the most stable and performant ( gpu decoding sometimes gets borked when seeking , pausing , unpausing etc ) . 
  it 's not like even 1080p 60fps video affects my cpu in any measurable way , so i end up disabling hw video decode on browsers and video . 
  players . 
  too much of an s7 clone for my liking . 
  i do n't get it , why do americans even buy carrier-locked devices ? 
  ca n't you go into some random store ( e.g. 
  best buy ) , buy a device ( cdma/gsm compatible ) , install your sim in it and have direct from manufacturer updates ? 
  you ca n't bypass hardware limitations with software . 
  no thanks . 
  different compilers . 
  why 97th percentile and not 99th percentile framerates like all other outlets that do frametime analyses do ? 
  in my own experience , the level of the 99th percentile framerate does actually show whether a game feels smooth and seamless and it also shows whether a system is cpu limited . 
  i personally really like the manpower mechanic from endless space 2 ( and the how it slowly gets replenished ) , and would prefer if stellaris used something like that . 
  the current system only serves to waste your time . 
  biometrics are `` something you are '' , not `` something you know '' ( like a password ) , you can not refuse to supply your biometrics . 
  only a password or pin are 5th amendment-proof . 
   quickly reboot the device, 
  you will most probably be charged with obstruction of justice , and probably tens of other charges . 
  the mindset that allows tyranny to take hold . 
  are you sure the difference is due to the underlying os and not due to the compiler and flags used for each binary ? 
  gsmarena 's audio tests are pretty meh . 
  rmaa is very limited in what it can test and it has no concept of absolute signal levels . 
  no , during the animation , the gpu-rendered layer is scaled for smooth performance . 
   social `` sciences '', 
  got ta have the extra ram so the chinese botnet does n't affect the performance of the device . 
   speaking of changing government ethos , why the fuck ca n't we do that ? 
  `` oh , i am at a constant state of war for the last 500 years but my empire is in no way militaristic '', 
  the endless space 2 election system with the various parties ( militarist , ecologist etc , their votes affected by almost everything the player does ) is a neat idea for this . 
  the fact that you can pass more beneficial `` laws '' ( similar to edicts in stellaris ) the more votes the ruling party has is also neat . 
  generally , optimized code will run at the same speed on both platforms . 
  it 's only when you touch things like graphics or i/o subsystems where there are differences in speed . 
  blender rendering is completely cpu bound and does n't touch i/o or graphics h/w . 
  it 's the different compiler/compiler flags that affects the result . 
  does it really matter in the grand scheme of things ? 
  now ( i.e. 
  heinlein ) that we do n't have to build spaceport modules to exploit strategic resource bonuses ( bar the minimal fleet academy bonuses ) , it does n't really matter . 
  he 's under the pixel reality distortion field , do n't make it harder on him . 
  the d-30 is very widespread and it 's the de-facto field gun used in eastern europe , much of the middle-east and africa, 
  you could use military maps , do some relatively time-consuming calculations ( if you do n't have the extensive tables for the gun available ) and calculate the elevation and azimuth to hit a target ... or just tap a point on a google maps view with satellite tiles loaded to select a target , put in readings from an anemometer , select the ammo loaded and get a firing solution in seconds . 
  it 's the standard colorspace that most content without color management information displays correctly . 
  all jpegs from phones or whatever target srgb , websites are designed to be displayed as srgb etc etc. . . also , you do n't get 10bit color on mobile socs to my knowledge , so you 're still limited by color resolution resulting in banding or increased noise due to dithering . 
  assuming srgb for a media consumption device is the least error-prone . 
  my monkey-version s5 luckily has the basic color mode that 's 6500k white temp with srgb and matches well with my calibrated dell ips . 
  i just ca n't stand bluish displays , and generally , the color quality of lower end ips displays used on android devices is pretty bad . 
  i remember when back in the days of yore , android split internal memory into two partitions , the / data partitions where apps and the like was stored , and the user-accessible / sdcard partition .
