  thank you , that worked for me too . 
  i came here from google . 
  water is wet . 
  i 'm do n't even have healthcare so i do n't have the opportunity to bribe anyone . 
  i assume `` routers '' does n't include `` dsl modem/routers '' . 
  if it does i 'll kick myself since i bought a tp-link td-w8970 v2 modem/router 4 days ago . 
  admittedly , due to the modem and the dslam both having broadcom chipsets , it works pretty great ( went from unstable syncing at 13.5 mbps to 17.5 mbps ) and it 's pretty feature-packed . 
  substituting soda for water would n't make you any more hydrated . 
  it 's a common myth that only `` pure '' water hydrates you . 
  fact of the matter is , soda is composed predominantly by water . 
  you wo n't get 8.4 v out of two 18650s under any load . 
  two `` regular '' 20a cdr 18650s in series , when completely full , will output 7.2 v at 20a current and that equals 144w at 0.2 ohms . 
  you need special cellis like the 1500mah hb4 , that have very low internal resistance , in order to even be able to reach such power , and even then , it will last only for the first few pulls , as the battery 's voltage will rapidly drop as it drains . 
  that 's 36 amps . 
  i do not vape at that current with 20a cdr cells . 
  you 're free to do so . 
  greetings from greece.twisted 26 gauge , 8-9 wraps , 3mm id . 
  the packages are handled by singpost but do not actually enter sg . 
  singpost is just the carrier . 
  i 've been using singpost for shipping to greece for the past year since they 're the fastest for my country ( they process and dispatch quickly ) . 
  buck-only board , whether 7 or 7.5 v it does n't really matter as you 're only going to get that with full batteries during high-wattage vaping . 
  dna200 does 9 because it 's 3 cells in series , in a 2-series configuration it 's limited to 6v . 
  personally i see no issue with the voltage limitation , at most i go up to 6.5 v during vaping . 
  well , it does ss and hopefully has better build quality than the ipv4 . 
  considering the dissapointment that are sigelei 's laisimo-powered crap , i 'd take an ipv5 any time of the day . 
   temp . 
  control with stainless steel / ni200 / ti wire, 
  from your own link to angelcigs, 
  i only have the rx200 and while i can say that the 3.0 update did not worsen tc , it did n't improve it either . 
  i find my rx200 tc anemic in general compared to other mods , especially using stainless steel . 
  for example , dual 24 gauge ss316l coils , 10 wraps with 3mm id ending at around 0.24 ohms vape extremely weakly on the rx200 , even on temperature settings as high as 500f . 
  on a dna200 device that i trialed , the vape is as powerful as i would expect for the mass/surface of the coils , at a lower temperature limit, 
  he 's talking about the nitecore i4 charger . 
  nitecore 4-bay chargers charge at 700ma with up to two batteries , but reduce charging current to 350ma with more than two . 
  a typical 2500mah cell would take at least 8 hours that way . 
  a 3000mah cell , 10 hours at least . 
  spaced or touching ? 
  does it do temp protection ( reduce power with a dry wick ) ? 
  4-slot xtar chargers only do 500ma with all 4 slots occupied . 
  if you want a 4-slot , 1 amp charger then i can recommend the liitokala lii-400 that i have done a mini review of on blf http://budgetlightforum.com/node/44065, 
  kayfuns are not the kings of flavor . 
  they have good flavor and a relatively easy build but in my humble opinion , genesis atties with ss mesh or glass rod wick and atomizers like the hurricane and the taifun gt trample over it at the same wattage . 
  and then , there 's the fact that more airy atomizers with a properly heavy build also surpass the flavor of the kayfun multiple times at higher wattages . 
  the cloupor mini plus and the cloupor gt do variable voltage with proper stepdown down to 0.5 v. 
  yes . 
  i 've been using cloupor mini plus that i won in a giveaway here for the past 5 months or so and it 's been a good mod . 
  and the temperature control performance feels a lot better compared to joyetech mods that i consider anemic . 
  this tbh , hotspots are caused by current skipping wraps and jumping between them on contact coils . 
  since this coil is `` spaced '' , no hotspots . 
  a mention of ptcs and mechanical cids , and possibly listing batteries known to have them would be nice . 
  the sigelei 150w displays the check battery error when voltage under load drops under 3v . 
  the percentage indicator is based on resting voltage . 
  the former is the correct way to do battery cutoff as it protects the battery from going too low under load and getting damaged . 
  the battery gauge is just an estimation and has no bearing on battery performance under load , it 's just a convenience . 
  see my reply to the parent . 
  the difference between your hg2s and your 30qs is due to the different performance of the batteries , the 30qs maintain higher voltage under load so the battery meter ( that works on resting voltage ) goes lower before you get the check battery error . 
  due to the sig 150 doing cuttof based on voltage under load , resting voltage after taking them out to recharge will vary depending on wattage , battery performance and age . 
  for me vaping at around 40w , my 25rs come out at 3.1 to 3.15 v, 
  depends on your batteries i guess . 
  with my 25rs and vaping between 5 to 6v \u0399 only see a drop in performance in the last two puffs before `` check battery '' . 
  if your builds require the full 7.5 v of the device then that 's no gon na happen . 
  the sx330 in the sigelei 150w is a buck-only box ( it can only reduce battery voltage ) so the moment your batteries drop under 3.75 v under load ( a bit higher irl due to inefficiencies and losses ) then you 're gon na see performance degradation from that point onwards . 
  i 'm vaping between 40-50w too , only using coils around 0.8-1 ohms that require more voltage . 
  i 'm also using 25rs that by now are pretty old ( got them back in may 2015 but they have around 100-150 cycles as i 'm using multiple mods in the day ) and i ca n't say my experiences mirror yours . 
  in general , my 25rs when discharging go from 100 % to 30 % almost linearly and then the number starts dropping very quickly . 
  i only get a weaker vape at the last two puffs ( and sometimes a puff is cut short by the error ) . 
  i 'd suggest verifying your batteries are authentic or trying different batteries since yours may have been from a bad batch . 
  this is an interesting article . 
  there could be more reasons but i 'm not privy to them . 
  chiptunes \u2260 8-bit . 
  the track demonstrates 16-bit era console capabilities . 
  well , the power electronics for ac traction are more expensive , but i 'd struggle to think of any modern ( post-2010 ) loco or train that came out with dc motors , but most of my knowledge is about european rolling stock , maybe it 's different in the us . 
  i do n't really like the dof effect , instead of photos of large vehicles it feels like closeup photographs of tiny scale models . 
  the 150w and 150w tc were actual high-quality , durable devices with good performance . 
  everything after that has been on the level of generic chinese shit you see on gearbest . 
  you should go back to the drawing board . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm not from the us but i really like her accent . 
  it sounds really unique and very clear . 
  disagree . 
  well-performing tc mods will hit the temperature limit instantly and maintain the temperature steady . 
  pulsating indicates a subpar board that can not maintain the temperature steady . 
  lowering the wattage only puts a band-aid on the issue . 
  for me , temp control is not about dry-hit protection ( i do n't get dry hits ) but rather , a consistent vaping experience between puffs , regardless if the atomizer is hot or cold , whether i take strong or weak puffs or whether it 's cold outside , and the instant heatup is nice . 
  lowering the wattage and making the mod hit maximum wattage a lot sooner before hitting temperature limiting ( if ever ) defeats the purpose of tc . 
  at that point , i 'd rather build kanthal where i can make more powerful builds without running into limitations of the board ( tc resolution , amp limitations , resistance limitations ) with less effort and less fiddliness ( locking resistance , old/new coils , regressive mercury making the atomizer have internal resistance that throws tc off etc ) . 
  the problem happens in tc only and seems to be a design issue with the board . 
  i * think * that atomizers where you may momentarily short the connections by accident when reassembling them after filling will exaggerate the issue . 
  best i 've tried where a few dna 200 mods in different settings with various atomizers ( twice with one of my atties ) , a dna40 v5 mod and a dicodes 2380 . 
  my cloupor mini plus also does very good . 
  my rx200 is just `` okay '' with ni200 , bad with ss316 , regardless of actual wattage set . 
  note that my expectations from tc are greater than most people ( my kanthal single coil rta build is 26g twisted around 40-60w ) so devices that are not working well do not satisfy me . 
  i 've only tried nickel on it . 
  note that i never really cared about ss tc ( i just tried it on my rx200 for science ) , ni200 when working properly satisfied me for the most part . 
  i 've yet to try titanium but i plan to since it can allow me to build a bit more sane coils . 
  personally , i read the question as asking whether i used an external balance charger like http://imgur.com/6rqqnpa, 
  terminology matters . 
  if you want to differentiate , you call 18650s and the like `` cylindrical liion cells '', 
  i agree . 
  i have the cloupor mini plus that i won on a giveaway here and in tc i just leave it in auto mode ( that seems to be identical to setting it to max joule fwiw ) . 
  with ni200 it performs a lot better compared to my rx200 .
