  it can also act as a resistance meter for coil building , saving more money in the long run . 
  unless the dmm is faulty or cheap and assumes a sine wave ( and in the latter case the reading will be incorrect ) , it should read the same frequency from 1 % to 99 % duty cycle . 
  at 100 % duty cycle the signal is effectively pure dc . 
  the frequency is how fast the device pulses the signal , it is irrelevant to the duty cycle . 
  a 50hz and a 500hz pwm device both at 50 % duty cycle will produce the same vrms and the load will dissipate the same power , only the latter pulses the signal a lot more frequently resulting in smoother power ( where it matters ) and no coil buzzing . 
  all cleaned up and ready to receive joose when my istick arrives tomorrow morning . 
  i 'm tempted to record my first puff ( in my life ever ) and make it a gif . 
  as promised , first puff in my life . 
  no `` sick as tits '' clouds but the flavor of fa 's maxx blend was superb . 
  i exited the courier office , opened the layers of packaging on the street frantically , turned on the istick , saw its battery was full , screwed on the nautilus i had filled at home and started vaping walking on the way back , instead of taking the bus . 
  it 's awesome . 
  awesome flavor ( and the liquid agrees with my tastes ) , very practical . 
  no issues at all with gurgling , flooding or things like that , just puff after puff . 
  i went and tasted some juices at a local store and picked two flavors to diy since the 18ml/mg nic juice i 'm vaping atm is a bit too strong . 
  and i picked a ce5 with bvc coils `` just to be sure '' . 
  this escalated quickly ... 
  chinese cloner detected ^ it 's ^ a ^ joke ^ ... 
  yeah , either that or its the same factory producing the clones as the originals , only during different times/shifts . 
  i 'd kill for a docking station for my istick . 
  why nobody has made one , considering how popular it is , i do n't know . 
  and i bought 4 different tobacco conc . 
  juices to diy , two of which are brewing ... 
  i have one that 's relatively dry and a bit bitter ( the two mentioned are sweet cigar-like ) , will prepare it and switch to it . 
  thanks . 
  2nd day of vaping and this is my diy box to date . 
   the best lack of fiddling vs flavor i 've found is the nautillus using the, 
  why do you think the hollowed out tank improves the nautilus ? 
  is the air passage different compared to the pyrex one ? 
  just for the record , i went to the local store this morning , tried a couple of juices and got a mandarine flavored one . 
  it was awesome by itself ( and its taste was obvious ) . 
  after 1ml of that in a fresh coil i screwed the ce5 on my mod with one of the older juices and i had full flavor again . 
  it 's more likely the feeling on your tongue is tiny droplets of juice boiling off the coil . 
  i find it impossible for a heat-resistant material to start `` flaking off under heat '' . 
  personally , coil safety is the least of my concerns , i 'm more concerned with juice safety now that everyone and his dog operate a juice company with questionable know-how and testing equipment . 
  it 's heavy like a brick though , not convenient like the tube for outdoors vaping . 
  18650 parallel mod without a mosfet, 
  clouds are touching ... 
  i 'm thinking of getting a kayfun mini clone for mine . 
  no overhang and it looks neat with the istick in general . 
  how easy is the build on the smaller deck ? 
  i was at the vapeshop and built someone else 's kayfun for shit and giggles with a chimney coil ( recalling rip trippers ' tutorial from memory ) and it was not only very easy but performed admirably too . 
  what kind of challenges did you encounter when you started manufacturing juices ? 
  was the required equipment ( vats , liquid transfer and mixing equipment , testing equipment ) expensive ? 
  how about the implementation of hydiene and safety procedures and learning chemical testing theory ? 
  finally , was it had to create a clean-room environment ? 
  as a european consuming juices from `` professional juice mixeries '' , i assume that someone manufacturing juices has at least a minimum amount of know-how with safe liquid handling and i expect him to regularly test liquid batches for the presence of things like diacetyl concentration ( a necessary evil with some flavors , though my local mixery changed many recipes to eliminate diacetyls from its product line entirely ) , nitrosamines and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons . 
  going beyond that and manufacturing juices in a cleanroom environment is always a plus . 
  i have screwed and unscrewed a variety of atties on mine at least 200 times and i 've yet to have any problems . 
  on the other hand , i see people being really careless with screwing atties on batterie and some i see them tightening them like they 're copper water fittings so i 'm not surprised people have problems . 
  one memorable example was someone breaking the 510 of a kayfun clone inside a provari while trying to separate them , rendering the latter useless ( i do n't know if the p2 has a user-replaceable connector ) . 
  i disagree with the `` cheaper '' point . 
  accurate scales cost a nice chunk of money ( at least 30 $ , syringes are free or something like 5 eurocent a piece ) and you 'll never save money by buying a scale . 
  i also disagree with the consistency claim , there 's nothing that makes measuring liquids by volume `` inconsistent '' . 
  for large batches , a graduated cylinder is dirt cheap , unlike a scale with good accuracy that has the necessary range . 
  the required calculations to find the specific weight of your particular base and calculate volume percentages for specific nicotine targets as well as calculating flavor are quite involved compared to calculating volumes . 
  finally , you can not be sure of the specific weight of your base liquids without measuring it ( something that adds another step ) since different manufacturers use different ways to prepare bases , either by diluting with water at various percentages or changing the viscosity of the liquid . 
  i 'm sorry but i just do n't see how it 's easier . 
  you substitute 2 minutes of syringe cleaning ( or you could just discard them since 2 syringes , one 10ml and one 1ml cost something like 10 cents ) with the purchase of moderately expensive scales and require a bit of math and additional measurement steps . 
  the syringe needle does n't alter the amount of flavoring . 
  when you empty the syringe the needle does n't empty if the syringe does not cointain air , so whatever you measure is what you get . 
  the cylinder is used for measuring , i personally mix in the final container . 
  in the future i 'll diy a magnetic stirrer and use a dedicated glass vessel for mixing . 
  many bases are ready-to-mix and diluted with water ( esp . 
  regarding viscosity , i remember an offhand mention by a liquid manufacturer on youtube who was asked the reason for his bases being `` watery '' but i may be wrong . 
  in the end , i 'm not dissing measuring liquids by weight , different people may find different methods easier . 
  i just believe measuring by volume is the easiest for a new diyer and does n't require scales . 
  yeah , i do . 
  i have no real issues with it . 
  on my first day of vaping i went through 2ml of 1.8 % nic liquid in something like 3 hours . 
  since i 'm relatively poor i went to the vape shop and purchased bases and flavors . 
  i mixed them the same day without issue and they turned out delicious when i tried them some days later . 
  since then i 've never even thought of switching to using weights . 
  diy was easier than what people on forums and reddit said , all i had to do was read a small guide on a forum , used a calculator to dilute my nic base and calculate flavor and everything went smoothly . 
  i 've been vaping solely diy ever since the two bottles i got when i purchased my first gear emptied . 
  thanks for the giveaway ( and for accepting international entries , something all other giveaways do not specify so i assume they 're not allowed ) . 
  good luck to everyone . 
  box mods are sick as tits . 
  how 's them dry-hits , gurgling and leaking ? 
  is 10 wraps of 29gauge ( actually 0.27 mm in europe ) on a 2mm drill for a dual-coil build of a stilare clone at 1.2 ohms too cold ? 
  was recommended this build . 
  i tried 6 wraps of 32 gauge ( 0.2 mm ) and no matter the way i tried to wick it i had constant dry hits . 
  i 'm using an istick, 
  what is that small meter under the fire button ? 
  does the cover rotate to adjust the voltage, 
  wfm, 
  do n't trust the battery 's wrap to act as an insulator ( unless i 'm totally misunderstanding how it works ) , get some delrin in there asap . 
  in adition to what the other dude said , the sides of the battery only lightly touch the tube with a big surface area that distributes stresses . 
  the bottom of the battery looks like it rests on a small ring of the bottom cap and that receives a lot of stress , leading to eventual failure of the insulation . 
  instead of delrin if it 's hard to acquire one to the shape you want , you can use dense dry wood . 
  i do n't get why people downvoted me , battery safety is serious business . 
  if i were in a mood to make malicious comments i would say it 's mvp fanboys/owners that paid more money for something inferior . 
  first coils i build in my life . 
  dual coils with 10 wraps of 29 gauge ( 0.28 mm ) kanthal wrapped around a 3mm drill bit for 1.4 ohms total . 
  voops like raped ape . 
  had to drop from 9 to 3mg or i would dead . 
  how 's the ipv mini ? 
  is the 510 spring loaded or adjustable ? 
  how do the buttons feel ? 
  thank you . 
  i think of buying that to upgrade my istick when i get an rta .
