  why xt60 instead of xt30 ? 
  the dna200 is listed with a max current of 23 amps that would be more than covered by the xt30 connector , that is a lot smaller in size . 
  smok , the gift that keeps on giving . 
  looks like some butthurt d2 owner downvoted you . 
  two batteries . 
  not 200w . 
  i would n't buy it on principle alone ( i hate being lied to ) . 
  2 batteries do not have enough power to deliver 200w to the atomizer . 
  after voltage sag of the batteries , losses on the battery connectors , board and the 510 , the mod will manage at most ~ 140w . 
  there 's a reason evolv went with a 3-series design for the dna200 . 
  go to the postnord website and use it there . 
  17track lost access to postnord tracking recently . 
  mine tracks fine and its on its way atm . 
  swedish post has very shitty tracking and seems like they use packmules and ricksaws to transport shit , they 're not very fast sadly . 
  try support@cloupor.com, 
  i 'd pay for the juice to try it but not for the overpriced , disposable , environmentally damaging cigalike . 
  i 've read the results and the only thing i disagree with in them is the vetting by participation . 
  how do you do that ? 
  old automatic cigalikes also used to autofire in clubs , concerts , the movies or anywhere you had sudden changes in pressure due to big loudspeakers producing low frequency sounds . 
  did the fullymax lose around 1ah at the 3rd 25a discharge ? 
  that 's some extreme degradation . 
  this should be mentioned in the review and the puffing need to be quantified with regards to the available space in a mods enclosure . 
  cro2 or metal ? 
  do n't short them . 
  do n't puncture them . 
  if you vape at very high power , be mindful of pack puffing . 
  if the case has no free space inside , the stress could rupture the foil and the 'll explode . 
  do n't put them through great mechanical shock . 
  guess what . 
  handle them with care and they 'll be okay , but personally , i 'm not confident in using lipo mods with an outboard charger ( like i do 18650s ) . 
  i know that one day i 'll be a bit careless ( vaping being an activity i do all day , at various mental states ) and end up damaging a cell putting my well being to risk . 
  imrs are bulletproof by comparison , the chemisty and hard-casing make them a lot more resilient to shock , damage and electrical abuse . 
  the built in current-interrupt devices ( and in some , ptcs ) make them a lot safer in case of shorting . 
  the specially designed weakpoints in the tin make them vent in a controllable manner . 
  for me they 're a no-brainer for something i carry everyday in my pocket and put near my mouth . 
  ca n't beat a mech mod for the reliability factor , especially single-piece ones with recessed switches . 
  used to be digging ditches and i felt very comfortable using my stainless smpl since it 's a real tank . 
  if you have not started rebuilding , you have n't really experienced flavor . 
  i 'm talking the amounts of flavor where you end up diluting eliquids with pure vg to make them bearable . 
  the triton 1.8 ohm coils are okay , though i find the 0.4 ohm ones at 60-70w a lot better , both in flavor and overall vape experience . 
  at 40w they were underperforming imo . 
  all i see is some people being a bit pretentious about how their way of vaping is the `` right/best '' way . 
  they 're 10amp cells hybrid-chemistry cells ( licensed copies of the panny ncr18650pf ) , not applicable to vaping . 
  i do n't get why you want tesla rewraps of panasonic cells . 
  just get the pannys themselves . 
  your lipo pack is a rewrap of unknown quality cells , and , according to the tests by / u/mooch315 on the fullymax pack ( pack puffed at rated mcd and got damaged ) , it 's quite possible the c ratings are exaggerated there too , like 18650 rewraps . 
  companies like maxamps , fullymax , turnigy etc do not manufacture the cells , they just rewrap them and connect the necessary leads to them . 
  without providing any datasheets by the manufacturer ( e.g. 
  like https://www.powerstream.com/p/inr18650-25r-datasheet.pdf ) , the cells inside are by default , `` unknown quality '' . 
  only by testing them can one verify the rewrapper 's claims . 
   this time it 's different !, 
  turns out , it was n't . 
  smok , the gift that keeps on giving . 
  get different atties . 
  i use my smpl with a troll , a lemo 2 and a subtank mini with the rba ( the rba is solid and does n't allow the pin to collapse ) and have n't had a short yet . 
  petitions do nothing . 
  and already-passed laws are hard to overturn . 
  your only hope is for the local ecig trade group to manage to lobby for repealing the law . 
  eat that , nature !, 
  i 'm waiting for a cloupor mini plus in the mail that i won in a giveaway . 
  if it does n't blow up it looks like it 'll be a decent mod . 
  otherwise , ehhh , most mini mods do not have enough battery capacity for my usage . 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  i 'll be receiving mine in two days . 
  note that these thin charging cables can potentially exhibit enough voltage drop to affect charging speed if it matters for you ( not for me , i use an external charger that does 1amp charging ) . 
  i personally despise bottom-mounted screens since drippers end up leaking trying to peek the settings but w/e . 
  loopy fruity 3mg . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  the vtc4 is extremely cheap , and can be found even cheaper than that ( nkon.nl has them for roughly $ 3 ), 
  how can a container affect playback performance ? 
  as a fresh gnu/linux convert that did a bit of distro-hopping , i agree with the point that xubuntu is the most polished gnu/linux distro . 
  the fedora xfce spin was mediocre . 
  lots of thing that did n't work that well , and the ui of dnf was not very intuitive . 
  manjaro broke one of my ntfs partitions when the installer tried to resize it for no reason ( i just setup a mountpoint for it in my home folder ) and antergos ' live environment crashed immediately on login . 
  without knowing how it 's different from a good ol' solar panel i can not muster any excitement . 
  is it supposed to manage better solar conversion efficiency from the get go ? 
  have better performance when angled , requiring less accurate positioning ? 
  why would i carry this instead of a solar panel ? 
  both are pretty meh . 
  maybe i 'd take the batteries since i 'd get bored of the juice but oh well . 
  what excitement i had left about the box was diminished when i heard it uses leaf-blade connections for everything . 
  i would not compromise on performance , modular device or not . 
  sorry if it seems i 'm a bit dubious , but seeing the words `` kickstarter '' in the survey raised a few warning flags . 
  are you saying that the bacteria are suspended in a chemical solution that acts as an intermediate energy storage medium ? 
  if that 's true what ' the potential capacity of that ? 
  is the energy density of the chemical storage significant enough to allow the electricity generating bacteria to keep producing power from it when the photosynthesizing bacteria do nothing ? 
  is the rate of `` work '' of the photosynthesizing bacteria that much greater that would allow for the to chemical storage to be saturated with energy that quickly ? 
  personally , i would be more excited with a refined design of existing technology that maximizes efficiency from solar panel to battery and from battery to usb output . 
  fyi , the vaporshark is n't using a daughterboard but a modified version of the dna200 board that 's unavailable to other companies or modders . 
  if the screen ui is something to go by , it wo n't be using a yihi chip but the same family of mediocre chips the 75w and and the snowwolf use . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  battery sag , 510 , battery contact and board loses all work against you and you 'd be lucky if you managed 160w out of two 18650s , and that only for a few pulls with fully charged , young batteries . 
  afterwards you 're basically have an unregulated mod in your hands , as real power begins to drop together with battery state of charge . 
  there 's a reason evolv went with a 3s design to hit 200w . 
  ffs sigelei , just put the sx350j in the og ( non tc ) sig 150 box and watch the money roll . 
  though i have a sneaking suspicion all recent sigelei mods are actually asmodus designs . 
  the sx330 is the classic yihi stepdown board used in all sigelei and ipv-series dual-battery mods . 
  the v3s is the non-tc version ( maybe , and project sub-ohm 's page has no mention of tc ) . 
  the board works really well for what it is , but due to its stepdown-only design it has some limitations . 
  it can not maintain higher voltages for long and may start to get weaker when the batteries starts going low with a high output voltage set ( in my case , i vape some twisted 26gauge coils at 1 ohm at 40-50w up to 7.1 v and can feel the lower power under 30 % battery ) .
