  reminds me of when i visited a beer house with a few friends ( a proper beer house with many labels ) . 
  they were pretty amazed that i went on a beer tasting spree , starting from lighter labels and going to darker ones . 
   muse, 
  does the shroud fit with the waterblock installed ( with a cutout for the tubing ) ? 
  that would help direct air over the vrm heatsink and cool them more effectively . 
  i 'll do it tomorrow . 
  why does n't the matchmaker back-fill a person in the queue into the match if someone quits ? 
  maybe level up the character too a bit depending on the length of the match . 
  my use-case requires thee 3.5 '' drives . 
  they 're weird . 
  especially at greek enclaves , their culture is somewhat of a distorted imitation of 50s greek culture . 
  i 'm asking two specific questions . 
  unless you have a define r5 or hands-on experience with it then you ca n't help me . 
  is the fan shroud really the best place to handle the load ? 
  generally shrouds are made of plastic and i would n't depend on them holding the gpu straight , plus the short length of the support means that the rest of the card acts as a lever exacerbating the issue . 
  the arctic cooling extreme 4 has a similar bracket , only it is secured on the backplate pcb holders and it 's long too, 
  [ yes it is . 
  ] ( http://imagescdn.tweaktown.com/content/6/8/6834_20_fractal_design_define_r5_mid_tower_chassis_review.jpg ), 
  but yes , the define s looks ideal . 
  i thought it was smaller in size but it 's actually almost the same , and it fits three 3.5 '' devices on the back . 
  this helped , thanks, 
  it 's time to stop !, 
  zen or intel, 
  i mean to either wait for zen to come out or get a modern i5 . 
  the fx9590 is a waste of money for a 220w furnace . 
  it requires a motherboard with 220w cpu support , a good cooler and well ventilated case and the results for most tasks are worse than those of old ivy bridge-era intel i5s ( modern skylake is faster and even cooler ) . 
  i ca n't stop you if you want to go full amd fanboy but you 'll get pretty bad performance for your money . 
  zen will be a different socket too so the effort would be the same for both upgrades ( new mobo , possibly new ram depending on available options ), 
   tfw stuck on the ground, 
  [ it 's fine ] ( http://www.3dmark.com/3dm/13781862 ) . 
  it 's regrettable that pushing core clock on the 390 to 1160mhz requires +75 mv but does n't scale accordingly ( only get around 3 % more performance ) , so i 'm at 1080 with stock voltage . 
  the vram speed increase surprisingly does give around 3 % by itself with no downsides . 
  [ `` frothy top '' , frappe , wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frapp%c3%a9_coffee#frothy_top ), 
  \u0391\u03bd \u03b5\u03af\u03c3\u03b1\u03b9 `` hardcore '' gamer , ethernet . 
  try them on a different mod . 
  the rx200 ( or any joyetech/wismec/eleaf mod for that matter ) does n't do stellar ss tc . 
  depending on the coil it could be extremely weak , pulsing or generally inaccurate . 
  this , my h-priv works really well and is miles ahead older smok devices . 
  while i still prefer my ss coils in vw , as ss tc even here does n't work as smoothly ( dna devices work a lot better with ss ) , it 's otherwise miles ahead my rx200 . 
  meh , jack sensing is the superior solution ( when i plug headphones into the front output , windows 10 switches from spdif to them automatically ) . 
   dad comes home one day . 
  come on kids i just scored tickets to the fucken military olympics who want to come, 
  `` awesome , will there be tanks there dad ? 
  i 'm so excited ! '', 
  lulz . 
  \u0395\u03af\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 [ rider ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rider_ ( legislation \\ ) ) . 
  from a functional standpoint , the blue line not covering the doors is superior as it shows their location more clearly . 
  otherwise they look very similar to be upset about . 
  did you disassemble the cooler to check how the new tim application spread ? 
  it 's possible you used too much or too little . 
  fans have a probability of dying , as at the slow speed due to the viscosity of the oil makes them draw a larger current . 
  not sure whether being cooled by the oil would balance out . 
  but lubricated bearings/sleeves will most likely lose their factory applied grease and the fans will soon seize or make noise after they start working in open air again . 
  it 's the same as devices with quickcharge , the device supplies the full current only when the state of charge is low ( under 50 % ) and lowers the current if temperature rises ( and also when the device is used ) . 
  i doubt you 'll see any appreciable difference in cycle life . 
  note that manufacturers implement conservative charging algorithms not for cycle life ( though it 's a nice side effect ) but safety , as they do n't want a cell combusting due to manufacturing tolerances or age . 
  in my experience it tends to fail at folder tranfers , for example , you can not transfer a tree two folders deep , and most of the times it creates duplicate folders ( `` foldername '' , `` foldername ( 1 ) '' ) with the files split between them . 
  i find the touchwiz launcher in marshmallow to be good enough . 
  it 's not worth installing cyanogenmod on any device that has anything more than a basic 5/8mp camera and a flash , as you lose a lot of functionality . 
  many times even basic functionality like noise cancelling mics do n't work , and there are many bugs and inconsistencies when it comes to utilizing the hardware on the device . 
  i like dedicated buttons and the hardware home button is good . 
  well calibrated automatic brightness with sunlight boost is the bees knees , especially samsungs implementation that does n't change the brightness level randomly . 
  emojis are cancer . 
  this is n't a tl ; dr of the article . 
  i have the blitzwolf dual-port qc3 .0 charger , it 's excellent indeed . 
  anker chargers are very good indeed . 
  the main issue is the inertia of the usb implementers forum . 
  in the absence of any agreed upon standard manufacturers themselves decided to implement their own standards . 
  only with usb type c did we actually get the power delivery standard and even then , it 's quite complicated to implement compared to charging standards , and lacks the voltage stepdown feature of qc3 .0 and related standards that allows for cooler charging of batteries in small devices . 
  my flair . 
  it 's a monkey-model of the s5 with a few less sensors ( no barometer , no air gestures ) and without the wonky microusb 3 post but has an incredibly snappy exynos octacore with good filesystem performance and incredible battery life under marshmallow . 
  it still retains the excellent samoled panel of the s5 and it has the basic display mode of newer devices that makes for an incredible accurate display . 
  the audio jack sounds good and it 's waterproof too so i 'm pretty happy overall . 
  my s5 neo with mm does the same thing , but only when the slider is maxed out . 
  note that many devices lower charging speeds when the display is on to reduce battery heat and increase its cycle life . 
  i 'm not sure how representative this test is . 
  it 's a cheap mass-produced consumer product , not some kind of revolutionary prototype or a human being . 
  to you . 
  internet points are srs bussiness, 
  smartphone audio quality suffers when it comes to maximum voltage output ( does n't allow for high volumes with high impedance headphones ) and distortion and current limiting when it comes to lower impedance headphones . 
  some also rarely have issues with a high noisefloor and high output impedance that affects the frequency responce of some headphones . 
  these are influenced purely by analog domain electronics ( namely the amplifier circuit or many times the audio soc has the amplifier integrated and cheaper ones are pretty meh ) and implementation of them . 
  speakers are the most important component . 
  unless your driving pa systems , for the typical room , 60w per channel are enough for even moderately loud playback and for the past 30 years it 's been very cheap to achieve such power with distortion below the threshold of audibility . 
  smartphone amplifiers are limited in board space , voltage input and hence , output , the mini jack is shorting the output when connected requiring active current limiting \u03bf\u03c1 resistors in series ( the latter affect fr ) and the cramped board with all those high frequency radios is not the best place to be . 
   dat texas t-shirt, 
  welp, 
   you ca n't just decide against the freedom of some people because they are `` annoying, 
  there are laws against street vendors without a license , if the government had the will they could do anything . 
  biometrics are not considered passwords and police has the right to force you to use them to unlock a device . 
  if they see you knowingly try to fail biometric authentication they could tack on extra charges on . 
  are you sure his `` porn '' does n't violate any of the myriad laws regulating morality ? 
  do n't know if the fury is different but on my 390 , it worked out of the box , as long as the fan setting in radeon settings is se to `` auto '' . 
  on the desktop with no usage all fans will stop working and the card will be completely silent , next it starts the central fan and then the rest as temperatures rise . 
  it requires no added software , or even drivers to be installed as fan control is handled by the board and not the driver . 
  the last slider . 
  turning the switch off allows for the board itself to manage the fans with all of its custom settings ( like individual fan control etc ) . 
  also , the slider is not a fan speed target but a fan speed setting . 
  welp , it differs between gpu generations it seems . 
  does this use mediastore ?
