  thank you for the giveaway !, 
  thank you !, 
  the nice thing about modern high-wattage devices is that you also get conveniences like voltage bucking ( so you can use that shitty ce5 clearo in a pinch ) , magnetic doors and huuuge capacity so you do n't have to carry batteries with you . 
  also , a 100w device working at 20-50w will be a lot less strained than a 50w device maxing out and due to the dual batteries the batteries themselves will be strained a lot less so they will retain their capacity longer . 
  theres no real reason not to get a good quality high-wattage device ( that 's not a cloupor ) if the size is good for you . 
  holy shit , an easy-to-adjust afc ring in an rta !, 
  what has the word come to ? 
  `` moar cloudz design11!one '' . 
  how revolutionary ... 
  in my opinion , all you need is a modern regulated mod . 
  ohm meter and protection against various faults . 
  i wish shops advertised mech mods as a very advanced vaper item ( but then they would n't be able to enjoy the huge margins for what is essentially a tube with threads ) . 
  not 6 months , we 'll soon see a flurry of small 30w boxes ( ipv mini , sigelei mini , cloupor mini , beyang ) firing down to 0.5 . 
  those can be had for relatively cheap ( a bit more expensive than the b&m prices of a mech clone ) and they afford so much more safety , convenience and ease of use . 
  hell , i 'm building and dripping on an istick . 
  lowest possible . 
  1 to 1.2 ohm works best . 
  the lowest the resistance the highest the maximum power you can draw from the istick . 
  at 1\u03a9 you 're drawing 24.5 w while the display shows 20 . 
  more like angertech , amirite ? 
  in addition , it 's not only you who pays , it 's also the store you buy from that does . 
  stores have to pay a subscription in order to carry five pawns liquids . 
  i tried to do something very similar with a magma ( vertical coils above air intakes , almost touching them , japanese cotton strip around coil ) but the result was equivalent to standard horizontal microcoils . 
  sometimes i think the rba hobby is full of placebo builds . 
  i do n't live in the us but i find it funny that it 's the left wing that 's behind all this anti-ec legislation . 
  it 's not that it 's not sound , it 's just that for the effort you spend wicking it the result will not be worth it . 
  ( even on the magma that has enough space , wicking took quite a bit , compared to the 20 seconds per coil normal wicks take ), 
  welp  _ , 
  i heard about that at two different vape shops in different contexts . 
   someone is misinformed . 
  i do n't know , i see lots of stealth-marketing by people , and for two shops 30 miles apart to be misinformed in the same way ... 
  allrighty , thanks for the heads up . 
  since this concerns europe , there is no possibility that it could be a distributor doing that , right ? 
  1ohm builds work just fine in mine . 
   on a regulated device if it 's below 1/1 .2 ohm it hammers battery life, 
  a watt is a watt is a watt , no matter what load it is applied to . 
  with a regulated mod that boosts voltage , using a higher resistance coil and firing at the same watts results in the same battery current as when using a lower resistance coil . 
  indeed , but you can play with the leads a bit then and go over the limit, 
  lower resistances mean less material , resulting in faster heating without having to resort to using very thin wire . 
  someone has to do a regulated mod 101 post with catchy one-liners like `` a watt is a watt is a watt '' so no misconceptions like `` lower ohm coils use batteries more '' will be repeated in the future . 
  if the chip does n't buck the voltage to maintain the wattage selected when the net power consumption will be higher . 
  my istick at the same wattage has the same life when using 1.9 ohm and 1ohm coils . 
  the difference is that a regulated mod boosts or bucks the voltage to achieve whatever wattage you want so in the end , the current does n't say anything about the actual power consumption . 
  i think the sigelei 100w + and the 150w model use a proprietary sigelei chip instead of yihi ones ( or at least that 's what the buzz on the internet says ) . 
  well , if it 's not stainless steel you need to clean the oxidation meticulously . 
  personally , i would n't buy an atomizer or driptip from copper or brass . 
  i 'll repeat that a watt is a watt is a watt . 
  a regulated mod boosts or bucks the voltage to reach the requested power ( watt ) level . 
  since the regulated mod does n't waste power to buck the voltage , or create it out of thin air when boosting it stands to reason that the regulation chip presents a load on the battery that has nothing to do with the atomizer load , in order to draw the right amount of power and buck/boost it to the voltage it needs to reach the requested power with the atomizer installed . 
  it 's lighter because it 's plastic and it 'll probably shatter to pieces if it accidentally drops to the floor ... 
  anyone knows where to find templates for skins ( interested for istick and sigelei 150w ones ) . 
  i 'd rather not order beforehand only to find i ca n't put the design i want on the skin . 
  wake n ' vape, 
  curious george, 
  bug juice, 
  word is born, 
  thanks !, 
  those are relatively light/don ' t have heavy things screwed on them . 
  i have broken a mobile phone and flashlight with 2 c batteries in it though . 
  with the price many authentics cost you could buy 5-10 clones . 
  and personally i question the sanity of people paying $ 200 for a 4 piece brass tube with a delrin ring . 
  not to mention that there are many very good clones without the issues you describe . 
  the regulated mod battery limit selection is incorrect , the amp limit in the calculator refers to the chip 's output amp limit and it 's possible under many situations ( high resistance coil operating at high voltage ) that the output amperage will be a lot lower than the amperage drawn from the battery . 
  personally i would divide maximum mod output power increased by 10 % ( to account for chip efficiency ) by battery cutoff voltage ( usually 3.2 v ) for a worst case scenario ( battery sag , state of charge ) . 
  for example ,, 
  * updated ipv2s : 77w ( 70w + 10 % ) / 3.2 v = ~ 24a, 
  * sigelei 100w : 110w / 3.2 v / 2 ( two batteries ) = 17.1 a, 
  * updated ipv3 : 181.5 w / 3.2 v / 2 = 28.3 a, 
  competition certified nylon pouch, 
  also , you can scroll the site to the right with the arrow keys . 
  just fyi , the istick 's output drops somewhat with battery level . 
   our shiny metal tube is not like all other shiny metal tubes , ours took one year to design !, 
  complex electromechanical products with multiple parts and sub-assemblies , extended testing and certification cycles , big-corp inefficiencies/bureaucracy and long lead times can be ready in one year . 
  a shiny metal tube does n't need that long . 
  there 's no reason to buy something other than yihi-based devices at the moment . 
  also , busardo blasted the smok bec pro ( that most likely uses the same chip ) for overheating and not shutting down after reaching dangerous temperatures . 
  i build 1-1 .1 ohms on my magma and never have issues with fluctuating readings . 
  also , my istick is 45 days old and i 've put it through its paces . 
  sometimes if the pin is covered in juice and an 1ohm build will read as 1.1 but a qtip will fix that . 
  i suspect you have a faulty device that you should rma . 
  the erlkonigin looks really dope on it . 
  it 's a 21mm rta with somewhat fussy wicking but better taste than the kayfun . 
  i 'm was eyeing the ipv2s as my first boxmod after the istick . 
  i 've used it quite a bit with my bro at the vapeshop . 
  i never really liked the firing button though . 
  the ipv2x looks like a substantial update in that regard . 
  does the construction look any more solid compared to previous models ? 
  some shop 's description claimed, 
   inner shell is now secured by 4 screws instead of 2, 
   inner shell is made from a thicker material, 
   according to the factory , the material and finish used on the ipv2x is now the same as that used on the newer mods, 
  also , the ipv2s has memory presets too . 
  since i 'm interested in ordering magnets of it , can you measure the door 's thickness with vernier calipers ? 
  the overheating issue is most probably attributable to low converter efficiency resulting in lots of heat generated . 
  this is not really a problem for a cheaper device but not programming the chip to shut down at high temperatures is irresponsible . 
  cheap hana clones do shut down when overheating ( `` too hot ! '', 
  message ) . 
  i 'd advise you to use bdc heads in there instead of bvc heads . 
  bvc heads require more voltage than what a mechanical mod can provide and will have issues performing reliably in that setup . 
   the tiny o-ring that props the connector off the metal base of the mod will become shredded and no longer do its job .
