  the vp2 in addition has a usb power output and can also terminate at 3.6 and 4.35 v for different battery chemistries . 
  it also fits 26650s . 
  the vp4 has 4 bays , 3 currents ( only two slots at 1 amp though ) without the other extras of the vp2 . 
  why you sould get the vp series and not the vc series ? 
  a voltmeter with 2 decimal places . 
  it 's very good , especially when using boxes with multiple batteries in series as you can see the voltage of the empty cells with more resolution . 
  the vc chargers also need true 2 amp usb power bricks and good quality usb cables to reach maximum charging speeds , while the vp series come with 12v adapters that just work . 
  thank you for the giveaway ! . 
  waiting for mine too from focalecig . 
  the flashlight lens looks a lot smaller than sample pictures , and not ugly so it 's a plus . 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  nobody ever was downvoted for suggesting the derringer ( an obvious play on words ) . 
  i 'm not sure if the diamond shape is what helps . 
  i wick my subtank mini rba by cutting the cotton normally , placing it just touching the deck , screwing the barrel and making sure the juice channels are clear from obstructions . 
  i vape diy thick vg juices up to 35w this way ( 26 gauge twisted kanthal , wrapped around 2.5 mm drill , 0.9 ohm ) . 
  . epub or bust . 
  do you put some layer over the raw aluminium ? 
  without protection it is bound to oxidize and look gross . 
  i do n't care about the subbox with the fixed 510 but i 'm really intrigued by this new rba head . 
  while i have no issues with mine for my vaping habits ( it wicks well up to 40w for me ) the design is pretty unique . 
  thank you for the giveaway !, 
  if only it was an sx350 ... as it is , a board with no stepdown does n't fit my vaping habits at all . 
  how do you change the nickel purity setting ? 
  unless you 've spent hundends of millions or a few billion usd to purchase a company with the required technical expertise , engineering resources , patent portfolio and manufacturing facilities to produce something that surpasses the cutting edge as represented by products from giants like samsung , lg chem or panasonic , i 'm calling bullshit . 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  nobody 's gon na complain at you for puffing on your vape while digging a ditch outdoors . 
  or driving the delivery truck around . 
  just received my kangxin mini vf . 
  temp control works fine , the mod has good build quality and its otherwise working well . 
  the flashlight is a bit gimmicky but eh ... 
  do you have a link to the post ? 
  i 'm interested in reading a more thorough explanation . 
  that 's an og lemo lower base btw . 
  for something completely different , the `` bars '' on the charger can be anything and can even vary between slots . 
  i 'd suggest you check with a multimeter and if you want a better charger with accurate voltage display , get an xtar vp2, 
  the original kbox is accurate though . 
  thank you !, 
  the efficiency will not differ any more than a couple percent . 
  if it did in any appreciable way to affect battery life , the board would get extremely hot ( wasted energy becomes heat ) . 
  vaping at 30w with 80 % efficiency would dissipate 6w on the board ( concentrated on the switching mosfet ) . 
  6w is a lot . 
  in reality , you 're not gon na see a huge difference in efficiency . 
  furthermore , voltage-buck boards that use batteries in series are more efficient than single-batterty boost boards ln the first place . 
  there are many reasons but efficiency will not be one of them . 
  from what i remember , evolve boards terminate at 2.5 v battery voltage . 
  this trades some battery cycle life for increased runtime compared to terminating at 3 or 3.4 v. 
  matt 's first coils where janky as hell and probably shorted in some places . 
  i do n't know if you can call that a fair test . 
  thank you !, 
  hey op , you should put a caveat in the ohm meter section , most cheap multimeters ( like the ones you can buy at horrible freight ) are wildly inaccurate at vaping resistances ( especially `` subohm '' ) . 
  one should never use such a meter as his own build guide . 
  note that aluminum threads will not last you very long , especially if your toppers have rough threading or you 're not careful while screwing them on . 
  phil busardo said that according to innokin , it uses the same cell as the istick . 
  this is a huge red flag for me since my istick started losing capacity very early into its life . 
  i started vaping in late november and by late january capacity had dropped by at least 25 % . 
  using a magma at 1 ohm between 15 and 20w i could get around 5-7 hours out of it . 
  you do n't have to leave the match , it can be fixed . 
  alt-f4 out of the game ( not the normal back to port -  quit sequence ) and restart it . 
  once you login you will load into the match , your ship will be stopped and the issue hopefully fixed . 
  there are many people that say the new green 25rs are inferior to the blue ones . 
  the sag of own 25rs ( purchased from a trustworthy european vendor ) is quite a bit more than that of published tests . 
  would you consider testing a recent ( purchased after january ) green 25r ? 
  my smpl is flawless ( or at least was until i scratched it from daily use in the job site ) . 
  works well , hits `` hard '' and the switch is smooth . 
  from an autofiring istick to a cloupor mini that 's a fire hazard . 
   it uses pwm for over 150 watts, 
  something fishy is going on there . 
  pwm is used to reduce voltage , not increase it . 
  the charging board is probably fine , it 's the assembly and lack of proper insulation that 's the issue . 
  out of curiosity , i put my subtank mini with a 0.11 \u03a9 nickel build in the rba on my sigelei 150w and it vapes just fine . 
  really , as long as the mod supports the resistance value and can step down voltage to the proper level ( the sigelei can , it 's only doing stepdown from the base battery level ) there will be no issues . 
  incorrect , as long as the mod can output low enough voltage for the set wattage with the low resistance nickel coil , then there will be no issues . 
  i use it on a tc mod normally , but i just had to try since logical thinking led me to the conclusion it would work even in that situation normally . 
  most vw mods do not detect resistance changes during firing . 
  they fire a small pulse to measure the resistance right before applying full power . 
  in any case , even in the case of a dna30 or a provari , the resistance change will not be that dramatic ( will probably increase 3-60 % ) that you 're gon na get enough power to burn the wick and vaporize the metal . 
  no , you 'll have no issues . 
  all those cordless powertools you see use imr 18650s in their packs and despite all the abuse they receive have no issues , while getting peak discharges at currents far greater than what we vape at ( a stalled motor can potentially draw upwards 30 amps ) . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  sigelei 150w and derringer . 
  as someone who buys lots of things from china , small airmail ( not private courier ) packages pass through customs without inspection . 
  customs are already overloaded checking commercial packages . 
  usps priority mail international is your best bet for having the package arrive in a timely manner . 
  no , they usually do n't . 
  good luck finding a protection circuit supporting 30 amps or more . 
  there 's usually a charge controller and balance leads but no individual protection circuits . 
  ptcs are not `` protection circuits '' . 
  ptcs take time to activate ( depending on the current , the material has to heat up and break the connection ) and every time they do that , their resistance increases slightly . 
  protection circuit implies a proper circuit with instant cutoff , low and high voltage protection as well as reverse charging protection . 
  in any case , i have n't seen tools with ptcs in them , at the currents and temperatures tools operate they can be unreliable . 
  i 'd be interested if you could show me a tool with ptcs on each cell . 
  it 's not semantics because in the flashlight circles ( that have been using liions for a lot longer than us ) protection circuits have a specific meaning . 
  in any case , an integrated ptc by itself is not a `` circuit '' or a `` board '' . 
  but then this has little bearing on op 's issues , and integrated ptcs are there for short-circuit protection . 
  200 watt . 
  paint still chips off . 
  speakers master race . 
  no cables , no constraints , no sweat , full-body bass effect . 
  sad state of affairs when `` no direct charging capability '' is listed as a feature . 
  i have a vp1 and samsung 25r batteries .
