  i 've seen a few screenshots with okrs outputing 6.5 v. 
  i use twisted builds and i like my higher voltages . 
  you ca n't get something for nothing . 
  note that lipos will also exhibit way lower voltage sag under those bursts ( you can expect a vtc4 you sag as low as 3.5 v at 30a fully charged ) . 
  tried straightening it either by pulling it or by using pliers ? 
  vcs only care about money , not free speech . 
  they way they make money is by funding a startup during its early stage for peanuts and betting on the startup selling for millions or billions down the road or going public , at which point they collect a large paycheck . 
  a free speech site will never sell to a big public corporation before its properly sanitized , and at the same time , going public and attracting capital is something i can not envision either . 
  how do you find the modmeter ? 
  tempted to build an okr box with it . 
  3.3 v max output . 
  0.07 ohm build to max it . 
  never mind that with that low voltage , i 'd personally rather use a standard unregulated mosfter box with two cells parallel . 
  nobody knows but it 's unlikely it 's anything else than a tc sx330 variant . 
  sigelei is weird like that ( or it 's some kind of contractual agreement with yihi ) . 
  they also used to claim the original sig 150 used a proprietary board , which turned out to not be true . 
  no , blue 25rs are the old revision . 
  you can only find green ones in the market right now . 
  i started buying 25rs back in january and they were green . 
  the blue ones stopped being produced back in december the latest . 
  anything after that was old stock . 
  the aoba has 66 % of her firepower on the front arc . 
  go front-guns only , close the distance while slightly turning left and right to avoid the majority of the shots and then once under 10k start using ap . 
  most cleveland captains are playing naval cookie clicker and their brain shuts down to advanced tactics so you 're very likely to finish him in 3-4 salvos when hitting the citadels . 
  you meant / u/weender, 
  incorrect . 
  batteries will heat up much more than hot car temperatures during normal operation ( the 25r heats up to 77c for example https://www.dropbox.com/s/x6514tdp5vrvbd5/samsung%2025r5%2020a%202500mah%2018650%20constant-current%20tests.bmp?dl=0 ) . 
  being idle in a car will do them nothing . 
  power tools with 18650s go through a lot more abuse during their lifetime , operating at peak currects way higher than what our mods use . 
  why ? 
  do n't you already pay a sales tax on it ? 
  where does the extra tax go to ? 
  and in 2 years it 's $ 3 per 30 . 
  and in 6 $ 8 . 
  and it goes on and on . 
  the sin taxes on cigarettes did n't start at the percentages they 're at now . 
  now you 're just shifting the goalposts . 
  take out the board and look at the soldering of the cables leading to the atomizer . 
  there 's a possibility the solder-job was bad and the wire is just hanging there . 
  if the solder is good , there 's a possibility that the cable is damaged internally . 
  in both cases , the fault is critical since it can become too hot and damage the board/melt the insulation . 
  it could always be a cable that 's damaged inside the insulator . 
  for pease of mind also check all solder joints on the board ( not only on the cables , on the electronic components too ) . 
  the big question is : series or parallel ? 
  if parallel then it gets a big meh from me . 
  i 'd really like to be able to buy a dual-18650 sx350j mod with its full power available in a quality enclosure ( not another shitty hammond ) . 
  definitely adinordack . 
  meh , not forking $ 300 for 60 watts then . 
  the sx350j supports 150w maximum power with two cells in series , but it 's limited to 60w with a single cell though . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i have n't held it in my hands yet so i do n't know of its quality or durability . 
  high wattage does not imply high temperature . 
  build matters . 
  many builds can be cooler at 150w with a very airy rda than a build in a rebuildable carto-style rba running at 7w, 
  please remove the tuglife recommendation . 
  it does n't have a mosfet or a chunky mechanical switch ( like the cherry bombers ) so it 's not safe . 
  the most common type of `` mosftet '' used in those chinese parallel boxes is the kind that prevents hard shorts when inserting the two batteries with different polarities . 
  thanks of the giveaway !, 
  3mg would be perfect . 
  only true for the rba . 
  the stock coils have a soft insulator between the coil 's body and the positive pin that gives in to pressure , moving the pin inwards . 
  it takes two parties for a bribe to happen . 
  i do n't know if we 're on the same wavelength but i did imply that most of the blame falls on the one asking for the bribe , not the one offering it . 
  governmental organizations should be held to higher standards . 
  i 'm still not sold on the battery system . 
  imrs are not the weak point of a regulated device , the device itself is . 
  with a shoddy board anything can catch on fire . 
  i just think it 's a misguided attempt to satisfy people asking for an innokin device with replaceable batteries , but the usefullness is limited since there 's no external dedicated charger for the innocells and it 's not known whether the cells themselves have any protection themselves , making them safer . 
  i may as well buy a device with integrated cells then . 
  well , you ca n't charge the cell outside of the mod so that reduces the convenience of it . 
  i still think it 's r&d wasted on a useless feature and i bet we wo n't see any more mods with it . 
  i have similar runtimes with single 18650 mods at such wattages . 
  note that effective power you can draw out of a cell drops with more current drawn out of it , devices with multiple lipos or 18650s have more than double the runtime . 
  also , termination voltage matters , my sig 150w terminates when the cells are at 3.1 v , i think the ipv mini 2 terminates at 3.4-3 .5 v , losing some of the capacity . 
  the aspire nautilus has not stopped being produced . 
  and the kayfun lite plus is extremely cheap at the moment . 
  and many rtas are coming out all the time designed for mtl . 
  stop complaining . 
  fuck capital controls i ca n't order vape gear and i wo n't pay a 50-100 % premium to buy them locally, 
  my dentist soda blasted my teeth and all stains went away after two sessions . 
  meant sodium bicarbonate, 
  tc does n't work that way . 
  mods do not cut off the power when they reach max twmp , they regulate it to stay there . 
  only thing you do by lowering the wattage is making the coil slower to heat up . 
  luckily it does n't work that way . 
  all the chips i 've tried to date ( a dna40 , a kangxin mini-vf 50w which i own and an sx mini ) rapidly throttle the wattage as temperature approaches the set point until the whole system reaches an equilibrium . 
  for example , my mini-vf with a nicked build on the lemo 2 set at 420f starts at the set 50w and almost instantly throttles the wattage and keeps it steady around 35w + -2 w. 
  power never stops going to the coil and no interruptions in vapor can be felt . 
  but you can really feel your mouth and gums clean like never before after that . 
   customs regulations, 
  what ? 
  i understand that you may not want to front the shipping costs for international destinations , but it 'd be better if you were forthcoming about it . 
  unless you live in greece prices will not make any sense to you . 
  temp protect messages do n't matter , the devices regulate power to equilibrium instead of turning off vapor . 
  i diy but in my experience , flavors that contain any kind of alcohol ( e.g. 
  ethyl alcohol ) improve with breathing . 
  the rest . 
  not so much . 
  aerating the liquid ( i.e. 
  shaking it so lots of microbubbles form into it ) and leaving the cap off speeds up this process .
