  what kind of build you 're running on yours ? 
  my lemo drop is running on a standard 24 gauge spaced coil and the flavor is better . 
  as i said , i 'll experiment more , i 'll try dual 24 gauge coils of greater diameter next ( right now coil diameter is 2mm ), 
  how much time are you getting between refills ? 
  i ca n't go for more than half an hour to an hour , while my lemo drop lasts for 2 hours at least . 
  wattage same on both , around 35-40w, 
  each has different advantages . 
  i 'd reach for the lemo when going out for an extended amount of time ( easier to fill with the silicone fill plug , easier build and repair of it , lower juice consumption , lower power drain from batteries ) . 
  i 'd use the silverplay when at home , hanging out at the vape shop or situations like these . 
  18.49 gbp shipped to greece from bavapes . 
  chuff cup included with it , unlike some other vendors that penny-pinch you for it . 
  good machining quality with no scratches and only a hint of machine oil , easy build , solid posts and screws , removing the barrel to drip is effortless but the orings hold it reasonably securely in place . 
  also clouds brah . 
  this thing chucks the tits . 
  i have a complete set of kayfun tank parts ordered for my silverplay ( chamber , lower and upper tank sections , glass section , lower topcap , top cap nut , internal nut ) . 
  how do you wick it to prevent flooding when top-filling ? 
  i find short wicks just touching the larger cutouts at the top of the channels work best at 50w and up but are pretty leaky . 
  banning ecig use in public places ( as in , outside , at the park etc etc ) is a legitimate concern . 
  i would n't buy a mod in 2015 without stepdown . 
  even pwm stepdown is preferable . 
  i wanted something to edc and the 18650 form-factor was too big so i went with [ this ] ( https://www.fasttech.com/products/1815003 ) . 
  from a review in the forums it has a nice beam with a balance between flood and throw also , the fact that works with both 14500s and aa alkalines is a plus in my book . 
  you ca n't get a large surface area with thin wires . 
  something like a 24 gauge twisted or 22 gauge parallel will end up well below 0.5 \u03a9 . 
  my experience with wicks surrounding coils freely ( without anything backing them ) is poor and inconsistent . 
  sometimes the wick becomes loose resulting in bad taste or it underperforms . 
  i think it 's ideal . 
  placing the buttons on the other side puts them and the board away from potential liquids that may enter the case . 
  i dripped from a month on my magma and istick 20w . 
  it 's a great vape . 
  what are my options for a dual-18650 sx350 box that 's not some hot-glue monstrosity in a hammond ? 
  i know of bmi . 
  the stock sled prevents juice ingress to a degree and the battery contacts are really good . 
  this is of questionable value . 
  you could make the board a lot smaller by leaving a couple of holes for a panel-mounted pot . 
  how much power do you expect the mosfets to be able to handle without a heat-sink ? 
  dual replaceable batteries are awesome . 
  i mostly use mine around that range ( though sometimes i put my troll on it and go nuts ) and the battery life and ability to swap them is what matters to me . 
  is 252 watts the theoretical power handilng of the mosfets or does this take in account package heat without a heatsink ? 
  ( yes , that 's a carto . 
  i bought it for the lulz . 
  regardless , the flavor is pretty decent , way better than some janky clearos ) . 
  thank you . 
  is a change.org petition is the best you can do in your state when it comes to advocacy ? 
  if true , then the ban will pass without issues and the politicians will laugh at you for putting your energy in that petition . 
  and the change.org website will have served its true purpose . 
  as a lemo drop aficionado this is a day 1 purchase for me . 
  with that price i 'll be purchasing it almost immediately when it comes out ( after a few reviews show it 's good ) , as long as it does n't have quirky menu systems , gravity sensing shenanigans and the like . 
  also , i hope that the wattage adjustment is limited within the board 's voltage range to the parameters of the installed coil ( e.g. 
  no 150w setting possible with a 2ohm coil and 7v maximum voltage , see how the istick does it ) and in case the chip is buck-only on series dual 18650 batteries , that it will limit the maximum wattage depending on battery voltage under load . 
  what 's wrong with the deck ? 
  i find my drop extremely easy to build on and the holes allow for trapping large diameter wire easily . 
  it 's not `` plastic '' . 
  it holds up to high temperatures very well and posts are extremely easy to use . 
  the lemo has greater chimney diameter and lacks a topcap oring ( tha 's crucial to seal the kayfill ) so it wo n't work . 
  what 's the diameter of the deck 's airflow hole ? 
  on the current lemo , a 3mm drillbit fits snuggly in there . 
  i doubt that was changed for some reason though . 
  i hope somebody technical can attend the faq this friday . 
  i preheat to get rid of any machine oil that 's maybe present . 
  watching you fill it with a dropper was a bit cringeworthy . 
  i move my liquids in convenient containers and disregard handcheck bling . 
  decent review otherwise . 
  is the positive pin, 
  airflow the same in diameter like the og lemo ? 
  also , i 'd advise you to not tighten the glass too much , there are no leaking issues with the orings ( it uses the same orings as the lemo ) and having it somewhat loose allows it to better absorb any shock from drops . 
  if it was circular then there would be no space for air to escape as you fill . 
  i imagine using something other than a dropper would produce good results . 
  thank you for the giveaway !, 
  the mod will never get 8.5 v out with a buck only circuit and only two cells in series , the spec is a lie . 
  battery sag under load and losses will make for a real voltage of 8v best case and that will drop as the batteries deplete . 
  your chip could differentiate from the sx330 boards by actually displaying the true output voltage on the screen and limit the voltage range as the batteries deplete . 
  without voltage boost and without true voltage display , i now find few reasons ( for my needs ) to get a cldmkr . 
  i 'm still limited on what i can do and frankly , i 'd rather keep my cash for something better like an sx350j device . 
  40-50 $ in diy materials, 
  not available . 
  i consume 90-100ml per week . 
  a quintuple 90ml membership would be around 110 $ more expensive . 
  my juices are too thick for needle-nosed bottles ( . _ . ) . 
  it takes almost 1 minute of painfully nervewracking bottle crushing to fill my lemo with them . 
  luckily the lemo fills with plastic tips just fine . 
  vernier calipers, 
  there 's no instrument called a `` micrometer '' . 
  they 're all called vernier calipers , whether analog or digital . 
  maybe not really for these threads but here it is :, 
  i tried to buy some vape gear with my prepaid mastercard and i got an avs mismatch ( the addresses are bogus since it 's a card i issue from my e-banking account ) . 
  the vendor told me one week ago when that happened that the payments are pre-approved and that they will drop after a few days ( note that my statements do not reflect that but it could be that the bank 's ui does not differentiate ) . 
  one week later this has not happened . 
  my banks cs rep. told me that i should contact the seller to be refunded . 
  should i try to contact the seller again or is he stalling me and i should go directly for a chargeback ? 
  series boxes are usually regulated . 
  no , it 's a well known vendor that does groupbuys with their own subreddit . 
  i would n't recommend a hybrid for someone 's first mech . 
  10 ml is too little for me . 
  also , i use soft ldpe bottles with plastic tips and have no issues with anything . 
  with 60/40 blends , even entire cottonballs randomly stuffed into the chimney would perform well . 
  it 's with thick max vg liquids where attention to wicking is what makes a build . 
  if you only care about rebuilding you should definitely check out the lemo ( or lemo drop ) or wait out for the lemo 2 that 's even better . 
  perfectly-sized juice channels , wicks my thick diy max vg liquids well and it turned out to be a very sturdy piece and reliable atomizer for every day use . 
  i 've tried a few dual-coil rtas patterned after the fogger/orchid but none have been as reliable as the standard kayfun deck ( that the lemo uses ) .
