  ] ( http://lygte-info.dk/review/batteries2012/efest%20imr18650%202500mah%20%28purple%29%202014%20uk.html ) check out the 30a curves , they sag too much . 
  these are proper 10.5 a batteries . 
  the purple 18650 are not 35a but then everybody knows that by now . 
  look above in the thread for links . 
  voltage drop is a good ballpark indicator of the chemical reaction inside the cell ( indirectly telling us whether it 's safe to use a cell at some current ) . 
  ilumn could either be overly cautious ( since it 's efest we 're dealing with here ) or have access to a datasheet they do n't link . 
  i only lurk this sub ( i 'm more into the other kind of vaping ) but in theory a panasonic ncr18650b at 3400mah would be ideal . 
  i doubt the air draws great amounts of current , probably something like 1 or 2 amps . 
  you are incorrect . 
  sx330s output a smooth dc signal , the same as dna boards . 
  busardo has screenshots of the output signal on the sigelei 100w . 
  even unsmoothed , the output of a switched mode power supply is some high frequency ripple that would be impossible to abx while vaping . 
  they 're widely used by those weird people with provaris and the like and they 're also used a lot as flashlight batteries . 
  imrs and icrs are different chemistries . 
  both can be used in a flashlight since they have the same working voltage . 
  imr are the so called `` safe chemistry '' cells that can withstand a bit of abuse and in extreme circumstances , vent relatively harmlessly . 
  icr cells tend to easily explode and they 're almost always combined with a protection circuit . 
  icrs ' advantage is a somewhat higher energy density . 
  if your flashlight 's driver has a low power warning ( e.g. 
  blinking ) get unprotected imrs , you should have no issues . 
  otherwise either get protected imrs or icrs . 
  or make sure you do n't run your unprotected cells low . 
  magnets yo . 
  as long as your battery wraps are in good condition , you can use a small neodymium magnet to create a `` button top '' . 
  sure , that 's a sensible choice . 
  is n't that just a tilting autodripper ? 
  you tilt the tank , liquid enters the juicewell through the slots and saturates the wicks . 
  that 's not really a chimney , just a central pillar that probably houses the positive pole . 
  you do n't need a `` chimney '' , the coils are under the topcap like in a genesis atomizer . 
  there 's no reason not to get an xtar ( eg a vp2 ) again . 
  xtar has good qc , the vp2 uses a true cc/cv algorithm and termination current and voltages are accurate . 
  nitecore devices are inferior since they simulate the cc/cv algorithm and charge slower since they drop the current too much and have less maximum current . 
  the vp1/vp2 are superior to the vc2/vc4 . 
  the vp2 has a few more features compared to the vp1 like 26650 charging , usb out and multiple voltages.its abit larger though . 
  note that 4 baycharges do n't charge at 1a with 4 bays occupied so you end charging 4 slots at double the time . 
  my advice , get a vp1 or vp2 and if you need to charge more cells at the same time , get a second one in the future . 
  the subtank mini with the rba has less airflow than the lemo wide open ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  hope you have a fuse protecting that pack . 
  it 's not surprising . 
  from the formaldehyde study , it 's safe to assume many academics can not tell a screwdriver from a hammer . 
  check out pbusardo 's reviews , his findings match those in op 's links . 
  i missed that video and found out that by accident my choice to go with the lemo drop was ideal . 
  i diy `` max vg '' juices with undiluted vg as the nic-free base and the subtank mini would not work well with those . 
   if all you 're using is the inner layer , you might as well be using regular cotton or cotton bacon . 
  the outer layer and even seams are what makes the jc different and `` better '', 
  my experience is different , i think what 's really going on with jc is not the `` pressed '' outer layer but the very well combed grains all parallel to each other . 
  regular organic cotton is a jumbled mess by comparison , and when you take some out of the big cotton ball it 's very easy to destroy the consistency of the cotton , resulting in bad wicking . 
  on the other hand , jc can be neatly cut in strips with scissors . 
  they 're custom lipo cells . 
  so , i got my lemo drop and like the clumsy motherfucker i am , dropped the pin while disassembling it . 
  found the pin but not the washer , i never saw it in there and was oblivious to its existence . 
  luckily i came up upon this thread and found out that it 's a plastic ( peek ? ), 
  washer so i knew what i had to look for . 
  i found it luckily . 
  here 's a pic . 
  the position of the washer matters ( side with rounded edges should look towards the build deck ) . 
  incorrect placement results in the atty not screwing on the base flush . 
  my lemo drop has problems wicking when the tank is nearly full ( the liquid is above the top of the middle chimney section ) . 
  when the liquid is lower , it wicks wonderfully ( handles back-to-back 45w hits with no issues ) , but when the liquid is high , not so well ( slightly altered taste at 20w ) . 
  any pointers ? 
  ( mirrored from morning thread ), 
  my lemo drop has problems wicking when the tank is nearly full ( the liquid is above the top of the middle chimney section ) . 
  when the liquid is lower , it wicks wonderfully ( handles back-to-back 45w hits with no issues ) , but when the liquid is high , not so well ( slightly altered taste at 20w ) . 
  any pointers ? 
  thanks , that makes sense . 
  how much free space do you recommend leaving ? 
  around 5mm ? 
  wattage does n't matter with tc , it only changes ramp-up time until the set temperature when it works . 
  reading all these comments i 'm happy i ended up with the lemo drop instead of the subtank . 
  i diy very thick liquids and the rba heads would have huge issues . 
  my lemo is wicking very well in comparison . 
   no fun allowed . 
  at least you have ego threading to chuck tits with ce4s . 
  thank you eleaf !, 
  this . 
  the lemo is really unassuming but its functionality , ease of use and reliability are something to behold for a $ 30 chinese original design . 
  honestly , if svoemesto produced it it would have a larger following . 
  well , i 've used the erlprinz and the lemo is still superior imo . 
  more airflow , easier wicking , glass instead of plastic , no proprietary driptips and it 's cheaper too . 
  also , the airflow on the lemo is tool-less , you just rotate the ring under the bottom cap . 
  i charge `` 5000 mahs '' worth of battery every day using my sigelei 150w and my lemo ( and the sigelei is a lot more efficient being a buck-only circuit ) . 
  do n't generalize please . 
  air travel restrictions are security theater and the rules do n't mean anything . 
  personally i pass my cotton-cutting scissors and screwdrivers in my carry on luggage without issue . 
  maximum wattage has little to do with vaping habits and actual power used . 
  i could be using the sigelei at 12w with a nautilus mini ( perfectly viable from a regulation standpoint ) and go for a whole week . 
  or i could be using the 50w istick with an rda and a 24 gauge dual coil .3 build at 50w all day and have it last 8 hours . 
  in any case , peoples ' vaping habits are wildly different and we should n't generalize on how people use their devices . 
  i 'm vaping 12-15ml , what can i do ? 
  no , they 're lipo cells . 
  if they were lifepo people would n't be able to replace them with normal imr cells like they do ( due to different battery voltages . 
  are 150ws overkill ? 
  maybe , but you can still lower the wattage down to 10w ( and it does properly stepdown that low ) . 
  is the box somewhat big ? 
  yes it is . 
  but if the size is not an issue for you ( for me it is n't , i carry a man-purse ) then the 18650s afford huge power capacity and the 150w itself is solidly built with a high-quality fire button and operates without issue . 
  also , the included skin makes the mod a joy to handle . 
  if size is not a concern and you want it , there 's little reason not to get it . 
  personally i went from a 20w istick ( tiny ) to the sigelei 150w ( big ) and the size of the mod is never in my mind .
