  i use a . nomedia file in the root of my music folder to prevent the image gallery from picking up all the album art files ( i do n't embed it since 1-2mb of album art adds up when its in the tag ) . 
  my current player ( gmmp ) manages its own media library and allows you to configure specific paths to scan for media , and also allows to ignore . nomedia . 
  right now , rave is only picking up a couple ringtones and notification sounds i have in the / ringtones and / notifications folders in internal storage . 
  the things that cool your rads ( unless you have yours submerged in the river running outside your house ) . 
  just out of curiosity , what 's your coolant deltat and pump model ? 
  from the specs i estimate your loop cools around 300 to 350w ( if not overclocked ) . 
  is that the ekwb-branded black tubing ? 
  i 've read that people had issues with it using compression fittings , as the fittings would not grip the tube well . 
  as long as the tubing survived the pull test then good . 
  i 'm contemplating getting some of that tubing for me . 
  there 's nothing wrong with marshmallow-era touchwiz . 
  works for me . 
  coolant deltat as in the differential between liquid temperature ( not component temperature ) and ambient temperature of whatever air the radiators receive . 
  that metric reveals a lot about how adequate the radiator and fans cope with the thermal load . 
  in theory , on the `` processes '' tab of task manager itself , clicking on the `` disk '' column to short by those numbers , you should be able to see a process at the top with high disk usage . 
  [ example of explorer using a lot of disk during a file copy ] ( https://i.imgur.com/sje3kkd.png ), 
  it 's definitely not the pagefile affecting disk performance , unless you 're cosntantly out of ram . 
  that 's pretty nice deltat on the coolant . 
  i 'm doing research for a future loop i 'm going to build ( for system in flair ) and it 's nice to have more datapoints . 
  i 'm shooting for a 450w capable loop so i 'll probably use a laing d5 variant , a 420 rad and and some dynamically controlled high static pressure fans ( probably vardars ), 
  i 've helped a friend build his own loop ( though his part selection was n't ideal and the ddc pump could power through all those 90 degree angled fittings and dual gpu fullcover blocks ) and it was really easy indeed . 
  cleaning the radiators and tubing for first use was harder than the actual assembly . 
  i 'll use a define s and an ekwb d5 pump/res combo so the top part will be the 420 radiator mounted on the roof of the case so bleeding it will take a bit more elbow grease but it 's not hard either way . 
  citation needed . 
  i 'm around 250 pounds , 5 ' 8 '' . 
  i 've been looking for my first bike and have been test-riding various ones but i ca n't find something that fits me . 
  i 'm looking for a two cylinder bike in the 40 to 80hp range . 
  the ninja 300 felt cramped and acceleration above 60mph was glacial ( worse than a 100hp european shitbox ) . 
  suspension was pretty subpar as well and i felt very uncomfortable in the way the front forks almost bottomed out during city driving and they also felt very underdamped both on city and highway driving . 
  at the advice of the dealer i decided to try the er-6n . 
  that had enough power but the suspension felt similarly bad ( if only bit better ) . 
  i also was not happy with the riding position for some reason , my upped body felt comfortable but my legs felt quite cramped . 
  i left the dealership unsatisfied . 
  do you have any suggestions for a two cylinder bike with good stock suspension in the indicated power range ? 
  in greece what most other civilized countries call enforcing the law , we call '' \u03ba\u03b1\u03c4\u03b1\u03c3\u03c4\u03bf\u03bb\u03ae '' or `` repression '' . 
  it 's a deeply ingrained cultural artifact that was born during the civil war and amplified during the junta that has been capitalized upon by left governments . 
  with the stranglehold the left and the far-left have on university politics and the high percentage of greeks with higher education , i 'm not sure if this cultural trait can ever be removed . 
  there 's a difference between an overaggressive police force that targets minorities and minor offences and a properly staffed force that upholds the law . 
  you 're just spouting leftist rhetoric here , trying to paint anyone that wants less crime and an orderly society to someone that wants us-style overpolicing . 
  this kind of dialogue does n't help anyone except people that only want to feel ideologically superior . 
  the targeting of minorities happens when enforcement is racist . 
  enforcing the actual law in a color-blind fashion would not lead to those issues . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  that 's the way i discuss politics in general , i like to use more formal language . 
  it ca n't be helped, 
  now you 're being silly . 
  do you only game on your computer ? 
  freesync and high refresh rates are nice , but not when you have to make big sacrifices in image quality . 
  depending on the quality of the tn panel , it could be tolerable to really bad , and tn displays have other disadvantages like color/contrast shifting depending on angle , many times just shifting your weight or leaning back on your chair is enough to visibly degrade the image . 
  then there 's the issue where mediocre tn panels ca n't produce good blacks and you see a gray image in many games with very dark visuals or movies . 
  color reproduction tends to be mediocre as well but not as much as in the past , though factory calibration ( or lack of ) means you get visibly shifted colors and ( most of the time ) a very cool white that 's tiring to look at . 
  personally , i 'm still on a 60hz ips monitor ( u2311h ) since i have n't seen a freesync monitor that comes close to its quality . 
  interesting but i 'll wait for a review . 
  no offence but i do n't trust non-blind , subjective evaluations like these . 
  he ruptured the heatpipe , it wo n't work any more if it 's a true heatpipe as they are filled with a working fluid that absorbs heat when changing from liquid to gas . 
  if you 're using someone to forward the laptop could you ask him to get rid of the packaging and put it inside a laptop bag with its accessories ? 
  then he could declare it as gift and even in the unlikely event that customs decide to open the package , they will see a laptop without the packaging . 
  i think an oversized rigid box with airbags surrounding the bag would do the trick, 
  kek, 
  i personally do n't know anyone with an xbox . 
  just give us the damn master chief collection instead . 
  we do n't want shitty `` apps '' that are glorified webpages with embedded videos and a few game shortcuts . 
  i work from home and use my computer at least 16 hours/day . 
  what do i do ? 
  power efficiency toggle tries to reduce power usage under load depending on what the gpu renders by dynamically adjusting core frequency . 
  problem is , it 's extremely buggy and in many cases you can end up with terrible frame pacing . 
  at least in my case , i have it disabled all the time . 
  when idle though , the stays at the low clocks and does n't use power . 
  oy vey it 's a conspiracy against amd !, 
  the real question for me is whether those graphs show what they claim they do and whether people can actually abx the difference . 
  fwiw the note 7 felt smooth to me for the 15 minutes i used it . 
   if a new government distances itself from such historical appropriation and school curricula are appropriately modified would you be fine with northern macedonia as our permanent name ? 
  you can chose between vardaska or paeonia if you want a name tied to the geographical territory or make one yourselves ( republic of fyromia or w/e ) ,, 
   i 'm talking pragmatically here , personally i 'm for anything that would get rid of the veto, 
  why are n't my suggestions pragmatic ? 
  does the name have to contain `` macedonia '' in it ? 
  if yes , why ? 
  the study was made to order . 
  it assumes the multiplex has a bandwidth of 20mbps ( it can go up to 24.88 mbps ) and furthermore , it assigns a ludicrous bitrate to each channel , 8mbps ( 6 mbps would be more typical , 3 for future hevc encodings ) . 
  in reality , on the two available multiplexes , 8 channels would fit and furthermore you could squeeze another multiplex with careful design . 
  i also question the need for the state to own `` half '' of the available space . 
  enjoy your vetoes i guess then . 
  specs in flair . 
  1080p ultra , above 60fps average on sinai ( hovering between 60 and 90 depending on what 's visible ) , very rare to see fps drop to 55 when lots of ship are happening on the screen ( multiple fully-crewed tanks and aircraft ) . 
  this is with dx11, 
  he 's using an nvidia gpu , so it probably helps . 
  welp . 
  i have a 5:4 19 '' secondary monitor ( for irc and the like ) and after trying a few configurations i could never get power idle consumption and heat generation to single-monitor levels . 
  this seems to be a problem unique to amd that nvidia gpus do n't suffer from . 
  do n't use the igpu if you have it , it will lead to a world of pain . 
  you 'll have to disable hardware acceleration in browsers and also disable hardware accelerated video otherwise things will crash when moving accelerated windows between screens . 
  da joos did it . 
  i 'm sure that 's a completely unbiased source . 
  it 's not worthy of being called a beta if has micro-transactions enabled . 
  they sure as hell would n't say `` our cpus are complete crap , buy intel '' . 
  the rear looks ugly as sin and reminds me of the plastic some porta-shitters have . 
  they 're used by manchildren that missed the days of irc and punctuation-mark emoticons . 
  i personally have no respect for people over the age of 16 that use them . 
  anti-karma missiles launched !, 
  i 'd personally go with a good ips display .
