  does temperature rise that much with fans at 100 % ? 
  my sapphire 390 ( clocked at 1090/1700 ) rarely goes above 40 % fanspeed at the most demanding games i 've tried ( still on windows 7 so i ca n't try ashes yet ) . 
  could it be deficient stock cooling or bad tim application ? 
  in theory , except for extreme situations where the case has no ventilation and traps heats inside it , the card should generally maintain the same temperature regardless of load ( + -5 c ) , with the fan speed increasing to maintain the target temperature set by the manufacturer . 
  my sapphire 390 reaches 73c after an hour of valley or firestrike and my case has no fans , relying on natural convection move heat . 
  on real games it barely breaks 70 at peak and averages around 67 most of the time . 
  this is with power efficiency , frtc and vsync disabled . 
  i do n't own witcher 3 so i ca n't comment on the temps that would reach . 
  the vessel is moored do if it 's actually a drydock tank then it 's not dry . 
  this seems to have a disappointing lowest refresh rate of 48hz ( instead of 30hz ) . 
  personally , i 'm spoiled by the off-axis performance of ips monitors . 
  i 've sat in front of modern high-end tns but the unstable performance depending of viewing angles is disappointing . 
  i 'm eagerly waiting for a freesync 24 '' 16:9 fhd 60hz ips that can go as low as 30hz . 
  this . 
  the flowing current adds heat to the coil . 
  airflow , liquid flow as well as the phase change of the liquid removes heat from the coil . 
  it 's pretty easy to dial in the wattage where there 's more or less an equilibrium between the two . 
  i 've personally gone back to vw , but using ss316l as my coiling material . 
  it 's a lot less bothersome and i do n't have any dry-hit issues in the first place . 
  plus vw results in a more intense vape compared to tc for me . 
  i 'd personally kill for a 23-24 '' fhd oled display . 
  i would n't care if i had to replace it every 3-4 years , the infinite contrast ratio and sub-millisecond response time with 180 degree viewing angle is worth it . 
  with all the issues regarding temperatures , why do msi cards sell so well ? 
  those temps are unacceptable and a vendor producing such products deserves to be shitlisted . 
  my oced sapphire never comes close to those temperatures , and it will reach 75c maximum in a case with no fans relying on convection for removing heat . 
  old post but maybe you 'll see this ... 
  i 'm contemplating getting those for my qfr-i . 
  would you say they are a class above stock abs keycaps in feel ? 
  has anyone tried those ? 
  are they equivalent to the ikbc pbt caps ? 
  i like the font more on them . 
  excellent . 
  thanks . 
  i 've already ordered the black set . 
  too bad i ca n't find a loose windows key ( qfr-i has two windows keys instead of menu on the left ) . 
  thanks . 
  mine are already on the way in black ( took a leap of faith ) . 
  now to find a second windows key somewhere ... 
  why would i but this when the pok3r with pbt caps can be found for $ 130-140 ? 
  also , the pok3r ( correct me if i 'm wrong , i 'm a tkl pleb ) has all those fn combos for all the different layers and other keys . 
  the wasd looks like it does n't have any side printing for all those combinations so one should know them by heart before getting it . 
  that looks like a big minus too . 
  what would a `` grandfathered '' vapor product mean in the us ? 
  will new runs of grandfathered products have to be exactly identical to the originals or are the operating concepts behind it that matter ? 
  for example , would a redesign of a grandfathered aromamizer with cyclops instead of circular airholes be legal ? 
  stainless steel in vw provides the same experience as kanthal in my experience , but the coils last a lot longer since they do n't oxidize . 
  with a vw device , 40w on a 24 gauge , 3mm id , 10 wrap kanthal coil will produce the same heat as 40w on a ss coil . 
  there 's no need to adjust the wattage . 
  the problem is with the temperature control implementation of many devices that is anemic with stainless steel . 
  that 's why i drink my beer in a glass . 
  and keep my case under the table so it 's protected from spills . 
  extremely simplified . 
  especially in single 18650 tubes , no battery will maintain 4.2 v under load . 
  current will be way lower in practice using this guide . 
  where can i find some spares for the ikbc/everglide pbt keycap set with transluscent legends ? 
  mostly interested for a windows key and an `` n '' keycap in black . 
  any way to have more than 10 `` leaders '' ? 
  is this a bug ? 
  does it make sense to only attach the minimum amount of systems in a sector possible ( plus those sectors with a frontier outpost to save on influence ) to allow for future flexibility ? 
  let 's say we have an expanse/arm of the territory comprising of 15 systems , 3 of which have colonies , 2 of them having outposts and the rest being enpty systems with only mining/research stations . 
  would you put only the colonies and outposts in a sector or all systems ? 
  get some pbt keycaps , you wo n't regret it . 
  and if you bottom out , some orings , they will make typing more comfortable . 
  depends on what you feel mushy . 
  right until the oring touches the switch housing , the feel is exactly identical . 
  from the on , the difference is that instead of bottoming out harshly , it will bottom out on the oring . 
  it feels softer . 
  my subjective opinion is superior to your subjective opinion : ^ ), 
  does taobao have great variety in keycap sets ? 
  is it worth the hassle ? 
  this happened to me on the release version . 
  since it was a fresh install i ended up resetting the installation . 
  asian work ethic . 
  yes !, 
  i 'll take a 50mhz lower oc ( that in the end is only a couple of frames in the grand scheme of things ) compared to having a card that needs reapplication of tim out of the box , has a worse cooler and runs noisier . 
  thanks for the image . 
  i 'm picking up my preorder of the physical edition from a retailer this monday and i was not sure of a way to verify whether it included the noire skin . 
  looks like it has a prominent sticker on the box so it 's okay . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  if by mistake you apply the default action you 'll end up secure in case you 're connected to a network you do n't control , since your computer wo n't expose any unnecessary services to the network . 
   mac, 
  all three of you ? 
  d.va 's pistol having better dpm than the dual tri-barreled cannons mounted on a damn mech . 
  it 's not dubstep . 
  logitech has no hardware detection routine in the installation package because you 're supposed to run it before you connect the device . 
  ideally it 's ms who should be doing the proper device detection . 
  \u0388\u03c7\u03c9 . psd \u03b3\u03b9\u03b1 `` evil male oppressor '' t-shirt . 
  you mean reddit . 
  `` for your eyes only '' was not a documentary . 
  flac ? 
  replaygain ? 
  no freesync 1080p ips at 23-24 '' with ag coating and stand that allows portrait mode rotation that i know of . 
  thanks everyone . 
  due to space concerns i ca n't have multiple devices in my home . 
  i 'll keep searching for an adsl modem/router with such functionality ( or a modern device that is supported by openwrt ) . 
  since i have only a couple windows machines on my network ( my desktops ) at the moment ( as opposed to 6 to 8 android devices ) i 'm trialing rdnss-win32 and it seems to work seamlessly so it patches over the issue . 
  in the future when i have the space to hide it , i 'll look into options involving multiple devices . 
  [ season 's greetings ] ( http://onemansthoughts.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/mohammed.jpg ), 
  excellent !, 
  i 've never thought of looking at avm devices despite knowing that they are quite advanced .
