  when test-firing a new build after wicking and juicing it up , what should i look for in the way vapor is produced ? 
  i 'm more concerned regarding how the vapor escapes the coil , regarding wicking . 
  for heatup time and overall hotness i use the heat-flux indicator of the calculator and it 's generally accurate , building for a target of around 100 on my magma is good for vaping with my istick . 
  regarding vapor , on my current build it escapes longitudinally from the top of the cotton and i was worrying if i had too little cotton in there . 
  it does vape good even during long draws where i hit the 10 second limiter though . 
  this . 
  even the efest 18350 purple imr cells is really only a 7amp battery , voltage drop is unacceptable for anything more . 
   also if it works well , then do n't mess with it !, 
  indeed . 
  though sweet complexion makes the rda require rewicking every 20ml so i 'll do it tomorrow again ( i drip at least 10ml/day ) . 
  i do get most of the vapor shooting to the sides since my micro-coil has almost perfect contact between wraps but the outside of the coil never dries so it still releases some vapor . 
  do nothing . 
  one time my magma was like `` fuck your shit nigga , imma spit some juice out for no reason '' and since then i have liquid droplets there too . 
  since it keeps on trucking and i 'm oo lazy to grab the soldering iron i left it as is . 
  indeed , the magma is ... temperamental at times . 
  you may fill it to the brim one time and after vaping most of the liquid in the juice well it it will decide to spit liquid out of the airholes . 
  bizzare shit right there . 
  lemo owners , how is the airflow compared to a magma ( mentioning the magma because that 's what i use atm and i can have a reference to compare ) ? 
  want a tank but ca n't stand the airflow of kayfuns . 
  too tight then . 
  will wait for the youde goblin . 
  with all the shittiness around the dna40 why not just get an sx350 or sxmini chip to diy ? 
  at least it 'll work ... 
  the really funny thing is , we 're almost 2 months down the road and even the latest revision has problems . 
  welp . 
  ( mirroring my youtube comment because i 'm in the market for a very airy rta ) . 
  how airy is the draw of the mini subtank with the rba head ? 
  i assume it 's airier than a kayfun . 
  how does it compare to something like the magma or the atlantis ? 
  that 's the kind of info i 'm looking for . 
  i 'll probably order this or the youde goblin soon . 
  assuming you mean dual coil mode . 
  thanks , that helps immensely ( and it 's tight for my tastes . 
  you should 've used an enlarged stencil to make the outline . 
  right now the sharpied outline looks kinda janky to be honest . 
  but otherwise it looks nice . 
   i am getting the same flavor from it that i do from my veritas rda, 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't believe that . 
  i 've tried my magma with a pedestrian 1ohm 29 gauge dual-coil build wicked with japanese cotton on an istick at 20w vs an atlantis on an ipv2s at 30w , using the same juice , and there 's little comparison . 
  the atlantis is all clouds but the flavor is quite a bit muted in comparison . 
  also , the magma allows you to distinguish some flavor notes that you ca n't taste on the atlantis at all . 
  thank you . 
  what does `` grade a '' mean ? 
  it sounds like marketing-speak . 
  strictly speaking , there are no quality grades for battery cells that i know of , like you have for e.g. 
  tiles . 
  i personally thought pole as person of polish descent so it 's okay . 
   your battery likely wo n't fire with anything less than 1.5, 
  some egos i tried at the vapeshop fired my 1ohm magma just fine . 
  i ca n't vouch for the safety though ... 
  the icons , while neat , only serve to clutter the sub imo . 
  it 'd be neat if they actually served a purpose and corresponded to a flair though . 
  it 'd be better if they were removed for the time being since they make the subreddit look really cluttered . 
  when dry-burning some gunky juice ( sweet stuff mostly ) sometimes i do see a bit of flaming on the coil . 
  and that 's only at 20w with thin 0.3 mm wire . 
  i think it 's normal too . 
  since many posts are unflaired they could end up with the same icon and that `` sameness would contribute to a less cluttered appearance . 
  but it 's better now that they 're uncolored . 
  i get mine from ebay . 
  ~ 12 $ for 80 pads of koh gen doh with free shipping . 
  and as usual , europeans are shafted ... 
  this looks like a generic orchid v4 , the only difference i see is the two-piece chimney ... 
  thanks for the giveaway though . 
  edcing a 120ml bottle seems like ... a poor decision at best ... 
  my local b&m of preference is a pretty small one with around 200-500 $ daily income and around 60 flavors . 
  they use bvc aspire ce5s that are decent at least and replace them every 6 months or so . 
  i personally think it 's a bad charger . 
  try with a different usb power supply from e.g. 
  an android phone ( if you 're using a power supply the b&m sold you , they tend to be of low quality ) . 
  if it still does n't work return it and tell them the problem . 
  last ditch effort , makes sure your threads are clean , that the center pin on the battery itself is not pushed down so that it shorts and also make sure to try compinations of a charging cable with different adapters . 
  from the description of the problem it does sound charger related . 
   check out torchy on ebay . 
  very reputable seller of batteries . 
  who too makes incorrect claims that his own testing data do n't support . 
  case in point . 
  the `` torchy 2500mah '' ( a rewrapped sammy 25r ) is definitely not a 30a battery . 
  the voltage sag is too great . 
  fucking blu advertisements ... 
  replace all power cables asap with thicker ones ( unless my eyes are playing tricks on me and those are 18 gauge ) . 
  the dna30 can draw up to 12amp from the battery and send 10 to the atty. 
  tribeca . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  i just looked at the datasheet , indeed they do recommend that . 
  personally i think it 's marginal and when it comes to cables in a device that will receive the rigors of daily mobile use , i prefer to overspec a bit . 
  i do n't need to say more . 
  note that here in greece local vendors are selling the old ( non plus ) sigelei for $ 130 and clones are priced 4 times their normal price . 
  fuck buying local . 
  on second though * do n't put me in for the giveway * since adirondack does n't ship here . 
  thanks for the giveaway anyway . 
  blow it out your ass !, 
  any comparison you can make to something like the lemo regarding airflow ? 
  this does n't help me . 
  phil predominantly uses kayfun-like things so saying it has more airflow than the original rba head that was kayfun-like is not helpful . 
  i 'm looking for lots of airflow for lung inhales , the lemo is borderline . 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  thanks . 
  hope you had a pleasant stay here . 
  i doubt the american college has student political organizations , but just in case it does , and they 're operating in the same way like the ones in public universities , i 'd advise you to steer clear of them . 
  otherwise be prepared to burn many braincells .
