  i ca n't deny that i 'm not too comfortable with radical islam either , but i 'm glad you people are getting less and less , since there is literally no difference between your hate and the hate salafists show . 
  the difference is , that moderate muslims are heavily oppressed by many austrians and that 's why headscarfs as a sign of solidarity are a very good thing , if it gets even worse . 
  comparing apples and oranges , since christianity is n't oppressed in austria , even though it 's at least as violent and backwards as islam . 
  look at my history bro , i 'm not a troll . 
  sorry that i 'm against any form of racism or patriotism in a country which was responsible for two world wars . 
  not at all , why would you think that ? 
   he should have said muslim women to take off their headscarf and support the culture which accepted them , not the other way round . 
  so we should force people to lose their culture ?!, 
  yeah great idea , what 's next ? 
  reopening concentration camps ? 
  those people have the same right to embrace their culture here . 
  austrians have the right to do their silly traditions as well after all . 
   against my own religion and my values must be a great and very tolerant religion if you are n't allowed to show solidarity with followers of a different fairytale god ; but i presume your god 's name is hc or norbsi anyway . 
   he has absolutely no right to ask austrian women for anything he himself is not willing to do . 
  you mad bro ? 
  he is a guy , why should he wear a headscarf anyway ? 
  he 's right , it would be a great sign of solidarity of atheist or christian women to wear one as well , similar to the danish people wearing yellow stars in ww2 . 
  there are too many attacks on muslim women by patriot/racist scum already . 
  i ca n't deny that . 
  but every decent austrian is ashamed of from being here anyway . 
  / s i 'm the opposite of a patriot , but why the hate ? 
  they drink tea in northern germany . 
  * tea * . 
  lol nazi, 
  do you realize that an omelette is something different than a palatschinke , bergpiefke ? 
  do n't be sorry . 
  be sorry for calling us germany 's little brother , 
  why are you taking some swiss canton as an example though ? 
  i ca n't say that i 've met anybody who is still genuinely hurt about austria-hungary . 
  some nostalgia ? 
  sure . 
  and most old people were born after 1918 anyway . 
  not our fault that your country is awesome :d, 
  so true . 
  i own a black adidas tracksuit , but i have never worn a lederhosen in my whole life . 
  thank you for the eu3 province shape ptsd, 
   ongoing schnitzel vs cotoletta feud between wien and milan for who copied who i do n't even care who invented it . 
  but you italians have tons of good food already , so let us have just that one :d, 
  in eu4 maybe , but otherwise ... not really , nope . 
  there are n't really any cultural similarities besides the shared language ( except with certain parts of bavaria obviously ) . 
  regarding austrians as `` germans '' is a nearly dead fringe-opinion even in our right-radical party . 
   is german triggered, 
  sounds like eu to me , since austria and france were common ( and overpowered ) allies until a few patches ago , when they turned them into historical rivals . 
  but then again , i have never played civ before , so i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  funny , my girlfriend and i 'll go to suomi this year :d hope you 'll enjoy your time here . 
  our local [ dnb festival ] ( http://www.nuforms.at/ ) is pretty nice as well ( and probably the only reason i have n't been to lir until now ), 
  and what 's more similar between austria and germany besides the language ? 
  i like you guys as much as i do like every other neighbour of us , but we have less in common with you guys than with czechs , slovaks , hungarians or slovenians, 
  uh sure ? 
  upper-austrian actually . 
  we have a pretty big and healthy scene here . 
  anyway his first name is martin and his brother calls him matt . 
  that 's why some of his friends thought his actual name was matthew . 
  `` mefjus '' is just a german phonetic spelling of matthews . 
  that 's comparing apples with oranges . 
  why do you even care about what the president of a random obscure and pretty unrelevant country says ? 
  call me a regressive leftist cuck , i do n't care , since that 's still better than being some degenerated patriot cunt . 
  racism does n't have a place in europe . 
  i seriously do n't want to think about the next elections already . 
  covering women up because they are property of men who do n't want other men to look at them should not be normalized . 
  it 's a filthy regressive cancer . 
  there is nothing regressive about his statement ; it 's just plain truth . 
  even carlos ii . 
  would 've been a better president than the christian , patriot , pan-german * burschenschaftler * hofer . 
  two fascist regimes were enough for austria . 
  made playing in europe way more interesting though ( imo ), 
   ham sandwiches [ actually not ham , but sausage :d ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extrawurst ), 
  well that was obviously my personal opinion , since i do n't really care for our landscape or culture at all . 
  vienna is alright as a destination i guess , but i think prague and budapest are vastly superior for tourists . 
  my 2nd best after our final presidential election last year, 
  it was killed by the mossad already fortunetaly, 
  i can only imagine haider raising up from his mausoleum like lenin in the simpsons and shouting : `` must kill bilingual road signs , must kill bilingual road signs '', 
  if you had a name with any vowels for it maybe :d, 
  i 'm probably banned from / r/austria , / r/eu4 and all the other subreddits where you are mod now :d but you are right ; you guys can stay just because of * kern\u00f6l *, 
  we do n't have lots of money though . 
  that would be switzerland . 
  if you 're into dnb-music , austria is worth a visit . 
  otherwise ? 
  not at all, 
  nah , you can have them nazis , since we do n't need them , southern bros :d styria as well if you want . 
  at least if you help us regaining triest, 
  come home and bring some p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt < 3, 
  of course he was both ; but then again most austrians ( besides the austrofascists kinda ) considered themselves germans back then anyway . 
  i 'm sure without the nazi-regime we 'd still be germans even nowadays . 
  we were germans until 1945 , but not anymore and it 's good that way . 
  kinda ? 
  i mean american culture and canadian culture is generally more similar , but yeah it 's a similar relationship, 
  of course ? 
  he was austrian after all, 
  nope , not at all . 
  being labeled as german is way worse than labelling us as australian, 
  does n't yours even have the same origin story ? 
  something with blood and a white stripe because a sword sheath ? 
  yup , freiburg for instance ( afaik ) , or ? 
  haha it 's alright , i was just shocked , since the food is basically the only thing in austria i do n't despise . 
  i could eat schnitzel , k\u00e4sekrainer and leberk\u00e4se every day ( well i kinda do ), 
   horrible food wat ? 
  that 's one of the few good things about austria , buddy, 
  i 'd be alright with being your weird step-cousin , 
  wait a bavarian prefers switzerland while somebody from baw\u00fc prefers austria ?!,
