  same in / r/wien, 
  the rim of my bathtub maybe ? 
  hey , some of us do that as well !, 
  well i 'm not in the target group for pop haha, 
   ex communist  vienna, 
  youtube 'd it , never heard it before . 
  but then again i 'm probably not really in the target group of this track . 
  i 'm 24 and we never did a trip to mauthausen in gymnasium . 
  we learned enough about austrian attrocities like the habsburg empire and the holocaust though . 
  same here !, 
  tannu what ? 
  same , never heard the shortening hawi in lower austria either , it 's always hawara here . 
  that sounds like a pretty healthy alternative to my breakfast :d, 
  i can definitely confirm that for berlin :d, 
  well i would n't know , i 'm not really interested in western austria , but i think you are right those people are more `` german '' than we are . 
  nothing wrong with that , the balkan starts in vienna after all < 3, 
  as i said i 'm eastern austrian . 
  tyroleans and salzburgers are probably similar to bavarians because of geographical and ethnical reasons , but i 'm not really not sure , since i have n't been to those states . 
  been to bavaria a few times though and it did n't seem really similar to us here besides our shared dialect continuum . 
  personally i think we lower austrians share much more culture and similarities with czechia for instance . 
  that 's all subjective though , and i 'm sure some people would disagree . 
  our opinions might differ , but i regard the histories of many other countries more interesting than ours . 
  we did n't really do anything notable besides bringing despair in the life of millions of people . 
  the new california republics flag is even cooler :d, 
  the classical austrian breakfast . 
  coffee and cigarettes . 
  i just had to google if an austrian ever played in the nba at all . 
  apparently one , a young bloke called jabob p\u00f6ltl , does play for the toronto raptors since last year , though i have n't heard his name before . 
  fortunetaly the period since 1945 . 
  not that austrias history before that was particularly interesting . 
   the difference between baviara and austria is comparable to difference between bavaria and e.g. 
  berlin , which is harder to answer . 
  for me as an eastern austrian the difference between bavaria and austria is kinda bigger than the difference between bavaria and berlin . 
  i have flexible time and mostly work from 6:45 am until 3pm from monday to thursday and from 6:45 am until 2pm on fridays . 
  far-right politicians ( / s ), 
  hmm , interesting . 
  as long as they call themselves zigeuner it 's alright i guess , not a word i 'd personally use though . 
  i 've never heard anybody calling roma and sinti `` zigeuner '' in the last 15 years . 
   the godfather funnily enough the godfather invented many of the stereotypes/tropes the mafia is known for today . 
  who ? 
  i think the first one is just a silly name for revolutionary burgundy , not sure though . 
  well it * was * confusing , since am/pm does n't make sense with 12 o'clock . 
  12 noon , not midnight !, 
  langos is fried flatbread ( fucking good ) , while palacsinta is what we austrians call palatschinken i presume ( totally not sure though ) . 
  so basically thin pancakes filled with jam or chocoloate for instance . 
  same here ( obviously ) . 
  8th may is more important around here i guess . 
  basically what other countries call goulash . 
  hungary is our closest neighbour culturally besides czechia , so i like many things about them ( besides them being even more rightwing than us ) , but especially the cuisine ( p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt < 3 ) , landscape and their music festivals . 
   komisa\u0159 rex it 's still fucking surreal how popular and famous kommissar rex was outside of austria, 
  of course , both styles are viable :d, 
  you 're czech , that 's cheating . 
  you guys are basically more civilized austrians with a build-in alcohol godmode . 
  my best friend was born in brno , and it 's incredible how much beer he 's able to drink . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ better ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ most ^ ^ ^ other ^ ^ ^ substances ^ ^ ^ though . 
  btw . 
  how much is `` a few drinks '' for her ? 
  just curious . 
  well i do n't watch tv and there are n't all too many dime stores and street markets here in the suburbian part of lower austria . 
  might 've seen them before without realizing , not sure though . 
  i might live under a rock , but i had to google this things right now . 
  neuwal is such a great site . 
  sorry but that 's one of the biggest piles of inhumane bull crap i 've read in a very long time . 
  i actually did know most of this as an avid history fan and paradox player :d thank you for the great write up nevertheless !, 
   fp\u00d6 likes to do this , but the ` outsider pants ' do n't fit as well anymore because they poll very high numbers ( largest or second largest party ) for the last 1-2 years . 
  they actually poll third currently , though it 's close . 
   it may be worth re-introducing the death penalty as these jihadists have high value knowledge and networks to their armies . 
  fuck no . 
  not trying to be offensive , but i 'm kinda shocked a european would even consider such barbaric measures , sorry . 
   vitali klitschko is now a politician , he 's a mayor of kyiv . 
  i know !, 
  i even brought some [ milchschnitten ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oqqhqaq9z8 ) for him when i was in kyiv last october . 
  did n't meet him sadly :(, 
  because sp\u00d6 wo n't get more than 50 % of the votes like back in the 70s ( to be fair they are a lesser evil anyway nowadays ) . 
  sp , vp and fp are all polling within 5 % of each other . 
  and a coalition with a moderate conservative party ( if it actually works , unlike the last one ) is n't all too bad anyway , balance and all . 
  as somebody who spends quite a bit of time in the waldviertel , since his girlfriends grandparents live there , braunschlag is even better :d, 
  well i was talking about our perception from movies/shows and we austrians are experts in drinking beer in relaxed and casual settings ( and getting totally wasted ) anyway , do n't worry :d, 
   i 'm not talking about staring or pointing at someone because they 're the only dark person in a town , as bad as that is , it can be expected and forgiven if there 's no malicious intent . 
  i 'm from austria , probably one of the most racist/right wing countries in europe , and i 've never seen anybody pointing at a `` dark '' person before here . 
  the klitschkos are both terrifying and adorable ( especially when they speak german ) . 
  their father was a badass as well , since he was a liquidator in the chernobyl exclusion zone ( which is totally worth a visit btw ), 
  to be fair germans subtitle certain austrians as well . 
   to the one keg of beer which makes everyone drunk as a fellow austrian especially this !, 
   may i ask why you joined one ? 
  i know it 's quite common in the us and the uk at least , but here in germany it 's not nearly as popular ( although it once was ) . 
  and most fraternities in dach are either very christian , very right-wing or both . 
  not if the alternative are patriots of a country responsible for 2 world wars . 
  at least for myself a non-working big coalition is vastly better than a coalition with the fp\u00d6 . 
  kinda similar to 16 year old tourists getting wasted on liquor for the first time here . 
   you never produced a stupid dynasty . 
  so you imported two . 
  to be fair the spanish habsburgs were the really messed up branch . 
  not that ours were n't really inbred , and sometimes pretty sick , but we never had any ruler close to carlos ii . 
  ( the dumpling emperor ) maybe, 
  that 's true , the fp\u00d6 is the successor party of the * vdu * which was founded by former ss and nsdap members after ww2, 
   what are people disappointed in the government for ? 
  especially the left ? 
  economic issues ? 
  no , racism .
