  not at all , but `` our '' hammer & sickle have a vastly different origin . 
   i really do n't understand the origin of this not sure , but the simpsons did that rather early . 
  pripyat , they still have hammer & sickle on their town sign . 
  well both austria and germany have more than a 1000 years of history with their other neighbours as well ... 
  i speak ( austrian ) high german like many other eastern austrians  your point is valid for ~ ~ mountain germans ~ ~ western austrians though . 
  now that 's a diplomatic insult casus belli . 
  bavarians are n't even able to speak proper german , so why should they be anything but southern prussians ? 
  well bavarians are southern prussians after all . 
  considering germany and austria share basically nothing but the language `` brother '' is definitely the wrong term . 
  step cousin or something similar would fit way better . 
  i 'm old enough to stay up late , dear western prussian < 3, 
  well it 's both the poorest austrian state and a memetic backwards place full of slow yokels who speak really funny . 
  good wine though , i got ta admit that . 
   how to spell ljubljana oh , that 's easy . 
  the weinviertel ( the `` viertel '' east of the waldviertel ) is actually poorer than the waldviertel iirc . 
  hey shaking fists at prussians is our job , bavarians are southern prussians anyway :d, 
  bread and beer culture is stronk in the holy roman empire , 
  burgenland , it 's basically a real , but even worse version of the fallout world . 
  well i 'm not an expert at all , but most/much of yugoslavias industry was located in slovenia . 
  so i 'd wager slovenians were comparably more educated than people in the more agrarian parts of the sfry . 
  [ they also got out of the yugoslav wars pretty much unscathed . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ten-day_war ) tourism certainly exists along their coast , ljubljana and the alps and are definitely worth a visit . 
  i 'm sure some slovenian will chime in and correct any of my mistakes though , 
  beautiful country with a culture similar to southern austria . 
  they think triest should be theirs , even though that 's obviously our clay . 
  they 're also doing really good economically compared to most other former socialist countries . 
  wow , what a huuuuuge problem . 
  terrorism existed for decades ( or rather centuries technically ) . 
  so i have n't been to western europe for quite a long time , but what exactly is `` happening around there '' ? 
  smoking and purchasing tobacco is legal after you turn 16 here , and so are beer and wine in every state , and also liquor in lower austria , vienna and burgenland . 
  cannabis is still criminalized , but seeds , saplings and growing equipment are legal and widely available in grow shops . 
  you wo n't be prosecuted anymore if you 're caught the first time with a rather small amount ( less than 10 gramms iirc ) . 
  did you guys wear helmets at least ? 
  safety first !, 
  leberkas is life , leberkas is love . 
  not trying to sound offensive , but is n't american bread really sweet/full of sugar ? 
  na : canada sa : that 's hard , i like most of them , but colombia , chile and brazil are the top south american countries in my bucket-list europe : i love all of you < 3 africa : south africa asia : ~ ~ north korea ~ ~ again hard , but probably japan , indonesia and thailand oceania : new zealand, 
  well half of central europe and parts of eastern europe . 
  they are n't really a political issue anymore , but looked down upon by most of our racist degenerates ( which got better , since many of those countries including the v4 have similar views regarding immigration ), 
  to be fair you guys are basically family , 
  1 ) hate speech should be a crime for anybody , and i also think that our laws in austria are too lax 2 ) capitalism is alright , as long as it 's regulated by the government and proper worker rights are implented . 
  why should n't corporations be able to earn profits ? 
  3 ) not sure about that one . 
  4 ) well there will always be a certain inequality . 
  5 ) fuck no . 
  6 ) fuck no as well . 
   almdudler wait , almdudler is available in germany ? 
  i 've seen a few vending machines with beer ( we have one in my workplace for instance ) , but it 's rather rare . 
  my county has an above average population density for austria with 139 people/km \u00b2 , while my state , lower austria has a only a density of 89/km \u00b2 . 
  ( the austrian average is about 100 people/km \u00b2 ), 
  i live in the tullnerfeld and we have small tornados every few years because of the flat landscape around here . 
  considering i have less than 700 hours in eu and only about 150 in stellaris i suck as well :d, 
  minor addition to the austrian situation : cigarettes are also available in gas stations and most restaurants , coffee houses , bars and clubs ( albeit a bit more expensive ) . 
  so there are definitely ways to get them as a tourist after 6pm , 
  i guess we should finally organize some / r/austria paradox campaign :d, 
  [ there was a tornado near austrias biggest airport two weeks ago . 
  i got even more critical of austrian patriotism , not really more left-wing though . 
  minsk is actually one of the top places in my bucket list !, 
  my 3 most played games on steam were produced by the swedish neckbeard mafia ( with eu4 being the most played by far ) so i 'd say i 'm really into grand strategy games . 
  i also like stuff like aoe , rocket league , tropico , dishonored , tes and pok\u00e9mon though . 
  german bread is great , but since ours is no slouch either it 's not * that * outstanding . 
  i kinda feel the exact same about german beer . 
  to be honest i 'd give burgenland away without getting any former territories back \\ ^ ^, 
  we rather should team up and fuck those countries with shitty bread up , dear northern step-cousin :d, 
  what about `` german bread is okay ? '', 
  i guess i should build some mercs and activate my border forts now : s, 
   there was a law , abolished in the mid 90s , that every new build house needs an air raid room , so there a quite a few here ( afaik fritzl 's dungeon was also a former one ) i 've seriously never heard of that before . 
  was it really mandatory ? 
  i 'm also pretty sure my grandmothers house does n't have one , even though it was build in the late 80s . 
  barefoot !, 
  socks are oppression if you do n't wear shoes currently . 
  that 's like rooting for that one special needs child hahahaha, 
  i 'm still kinda mad i had to pay church tax once because i forgot to leave the state church before i started working . 
  i drink black filter coffee without sugar . 
  considering the plethora of different coffees here i 'm definitely not representative though , 
  even joking about different human races existing at all is pretty racist in itself . 
  but then again you instantely insulted me as well . 
  shows that you are a lovely person , buddy , 
  yeah , everybody knows that racist jokes are the pinnacle of humour . 
   white race are you living in motherfucking 1943 ? 
  many ( pathetic ) austrians have a huge inferiority complex against germans and therefore are openly hostile against you guys . 
  i 've triggered so many patriot idiots here by being a fan of your national team . 
  good old gustav is nothing more than ** the little whiney girl of the north ** , could n't even defeat the most inbred dynasty of europe . 
  total loser . 
  [ now that 's what i call a manly and strong chin ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zb2i3 ), 
  i know right ? 
  i might be a staunch atheist , but we did n't fight against that weak chinned king of yours ( 2nd worst adolf in history , fact ) to have * that * kind of people around here :d ( in case anybody gets offended , / s of course ) . 
   is it true that there are some in the us who are not sure whether catholics are really christian at all ? 
  i heard that and it sounds extremely weird . 
  i 'm not american , but the first time i read that , i read through some evangelical websites and many of the more fundamentalist ones indeed do n't regard catholics as christians , but as some kind of misguided polytheistic religion . 
  i ca n't think of any historical reasons , so i presume ( without trying to sound racist ; the afghans i know are lovely people ) , but i presume it 's because chechnyans and the various afghan ethnicities are generally rather `` tribal '' and patriarchal cultures who like to show off . 
  both the freedom party and the peoples party , because both of them have their roots in fascist parties and are still right extremist . 
  a kinda expanded version from my answer of a similar thread : * burgenland : inbred and kinda mentally impaired third world people ( kinda true ) , basically less cultivated hungarians * lower austria : bland/ugly , good wine , former dictatorship of the most powerful austrian , people like to keep other people in their cellars ( that 's where i 'm from , the state , not a cellar , yay ) * vienna : worst drivers , `` different '' than other austrians , smug , they think they live in a global city * upper austria : bavarian nazis , much industry , crystal meth * salzburg : mozart * styria : pumkin-seed oil sniffing dudes who kinda sound like dogs * carinthia : mediterranean nazis , basically the saxons of austria , as they are very right wing and have an absolutely ugly dialect * tyrol : mountains , kchchchchchchchchchchch , think of themselves as superior to ~ ~ real ~ ~ other austrians * vorarlberg : why are n't you swiss ? 
   well , to be fair , austrians look at everyone as inferior beings . 
  not every austrian is a nazi . 
  to be honest i personally regard austrians as inferior to basically anybody else . 
  we suck . 
  there is definitely a distinction between calvinists and lutherans here with lutherans being the bigger denomination ( but still a tiny minority ; as you might know as a fellow eu4 player the habsburgs were big advocates of the counter reformation ) . 
  i think there are some `` free churches '' as well . 
  oh i have shirts with prints as well of course , but those with random stuff written on them look cringey personally .
