  definitely !, 
  i wan na be eastern european as well :(, 
  til that id cards exist in austria . 
  [ der nino aus wien : du oasch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue94sdzjhpq ), 
  definitely red bull and glock . 
  antiziganism , antisemtism , homophobia , antiwestern tendencies ? 
  should i go on , or are that enough reasons why somebody should be wary of that right extremist party ? 
  [ der standard ( slightly left wing ) ] ( http://derstandard.at/ ) [ die presse ( slightly conservative ) ] ( http://diepresse.com/ ), 
  mett is pretty fucking good :d, 
  fun fact : `` the sound of music '' is totally unknown in austria . 
   stand up tall , like your very own alps . 
  fuck no , the last time austrians were in charge of something ( international ) we had two world wars hahaha, 
  my wording might 've been shitty . 
  i was referring to population numbers . 
  both cz and nl have more inhabitants than we do for instance ( nl almost twice as many ) . 
  we are a rather small and really unrelevant country , so there wo n't be much of an impact besides us having a right radical party in our government ( again ) . 
  did n't really have an impact the last time either . 
  she mostly likes stuff like butter , flour and sheep cheese from there . 
  i do n't think she 's into fat and sugar either , since she grows almost all of her vegetables herself and is a really great cook . 
  my girlfriends grandmother prefers buying certain products in cz , since she regards them of higher quality than ours , so i 'm not sure . 
  could be !, 
  i 'm not an expert at all unfortunetaly . 
  it 's a huge shame such a big influence of our culture is gone . 
  many idioms of eastern austrian german ( and especially the viennese dialect ) originate in yiddish and hebrew for instance . 
  uh i did n't know to be honest , and i could n't find much about russian jews in austria either ; i presume many of our jews are descendants of austrian jews who hid from the nazis , or people who came back after the war ended . 
  nothing , since i do n't like ketchup and mayonnaise . 
  unfortunetaly only about 15000 nowadays ; most of them live in vienna . 
  nah , there are too many mountains in the other states , that 's why those weirdos ski . 
  name checks out . 
  our patriot right extremist party might get over 30 % of the votes in the next parliamentary elections and the country was n't denazificated after '45 either . 
  also a pan-german was almost voted our president last year . 
  people who regard france as a country of surrender monkeys never played any paradox-games, 
  alright northern bro , i 'll bring the schnitzels , you 'll bring the beer :d, 
   well , there are also a few austrians who think that yup , there are still some * deutschnationale * , all of them right-extremists . 
  it 's fortunetaly only a tiny fraction of the population though . 
   but one way or another , schnitzel comes from austria and people like to forget that . 
  it 's originally italian , but then again almost all dishes of the austrian cuisine are originally from other countries . 
  many `` foreigners '' still think that austrians are germans , so there is n't really a difference for them, 
  [ lower ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fritzl_case ) [ austria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natascha_kampusch ), 
  krampus is mostly a bavarian , austrian and ( afaik ) slovenian thing . 
  * true : too many racists * false : everybody has children in their basements ( that 's actually a regional thing ), 
  not sure if we are a successful country , but while inequality exists , it 's not as pronounced as in many other countries . 
  samnaun was only reachable through tyrol for a long time as far as i know . 
   where germans ** ( and maybe austrians as well ) ** do n't understand swiss dialects anymore . 
  besides our westermost state swiss german is n't understood in austria either , since we speak bavarian dialects . 
  are you smoking weed instead ? 
  i 'm not 100 % serious either , do n't worry  aeiou !, 
   that ca n't feel good . 
  i do n't care . 
  it 's sad that we are rather isolated in europe , but it 's basically our own fault . 
  and most of germany is culturally more similar to the netherlands anyway , since same language = / = same culture . 
  now if our czech homies would like us again ... all that great beer < 3 ( i probably sounded like a dislike germany , like many other austrian ~ ~ retards ~ ~ , but i love them as much as i love all of our neighbours :d ), 
  anyway , i would n't consider it rude , but rather unusual . 
  though i obviously have a few acquaintances who never drink . 
  we seriously love to get shitfaced here . 
  the only problem i see with that is , that nobody would want to unify with us :(, 
  so much salt . 
  why do you say `` you ruled over 1/3 of our homeland '' , since i did n't rule anything in my life ( and never intend to ) , and i 'm not even a patriot either . 
  i 've been to romania before , and most of the people i 've met were wonderful and hospitable . 
  you seem to be an exception . 
  thanks for the suggestion , i will definitely check it out , 
  sources ? 
  i 'm not western european of course , but i guess most ( at least decently educated ) people there know that there are other ethnicities besides roma in romania . 
  like romanians and hungarians for instance . 
   you all think we 're backwards gypsies anyway do n't generalize . 
  i definitely understand that concern ; i am against * too much * centralization as well . 
  but then again the member-states of a unified eu would obviously have a certain degree of self-governing similar ( but not in the same extent ) to the us in my vision . 
  i produce natural fertilizer ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  imo europe should be one big family instead of generally friendly ( but bickering ) neighbours , and federalization is the right step in that direction . 
  it 's not like regional identities , costums and traditions would disappear after all . 
  definitely . 
  a federalized eu is something i hope for . 
  hey you 're insulting malta now, 
  considering how ignorant this dude seems to be regarding europe travelling abroad sounds like a good advice nevertheless, 
  or tixo ( tesa in germany ) , soletti , f\u00f6n, 
  they never want to exchange their stuff with mine :(, 
   plum puree is that similar to czech/austrian * powidl * ? 
  buying stuff in the internet ? 
  what heresy is this ? 
  we europeans prefer to barter , since currencies were n't invented here already . 
   then how do you expect me to obtain it anyhow ? 
  have you heard of that nice little activity called travelling abroad ? 
   they love to use brand names to refer to the entire category of products here . 
  to be fair that 's a thing in the german speaking area as well for some things . 
  i was so fucking drunk the day of the re-vote . 
  i started to drink because i was anxious and then i drank to celebrate . 
  and tons of other places like the eastern roman empire ( or generally orthodox countries ) and albania . 
  it 's a really old symbol , first used by the hittites . 
   but you are not alone in terms of austrians . 
  * - dirk stermann, 
  the double-headed eagle . 
  oh wait , wrong century . 
  austrian high german  dialects, 
  i love certain things about austria like our cuisine , life-quality and humour , but those are outweighed by all the shit to be ashamed of . 
  so no , i 'm not a patriot at all . 
  our presidential election probably . 
   then i tell them i 'm scottish , not english and they treat me like a long lost brother  auld alliance stronk, 
   haha , we are a dirty rich village with a huge ski resort . 
  lol well if its filthy rich , than why do people complain about `` high taxes '' or car-prices anyway ? 
  it 's not like they ca n't afford it .
