  am i in bizarroworld again ? 
  except food and basement architecture !, 
  oh , did n't realize that you 're a fellow austrian . 
  that 's true , but in my case it 's 50 % family members and 50 % people i kidnapped from the streets , so this stereotype is certainly not entirely true . 
  not always , see natascha kantwurscht, 
   the one you then accepted as small brother who you thought was n't too bad after all ? 
  we probably would n't be arrogant if you considered us a normal neighbouring country , like all the others you have , instead of a `` small brother ''  blamed all the shit he was responsible for on you ? 
  that 's very true and probably the main-reason i 'm often ashamed of being austrian . 
  basically a joke about enslaved people living in basements . 
  which is a very popular hobby in my state , lower austria . 
  though i got ta say that we got the idea from our bros in the ~ ~ austrian netherlands ~ ~ ~ ~ belgium ~ ~ that non-existing country between france and nl, 
   overrated music . 
  mefjus     teddy killerz, 
  the ones i can think of only work in german : /, 
   if it was n't for the shadow of ww2 i do think that many people would support it . 
  of course . 
  austrians * were * germans until 1945 after all . 
  the proposals for a unification were n't a unique topic of the * deutschnationalen * / nazis back in the interwar period either , even the social democrats were for it . 
  i can even understand it , since austria went from an empire to a tiny shitstain with a way too huge capital within a very short time after wwi . 
  then again the * extrawurstsemmel * is smarter than both of them . 
  was more of a joke , since many austrians have an inferiority complex regarding germany . 
  would obviously join germany rather than somalia , but i 'm alright with austria being a sovereign country , and i do n't think many germans would support that either . 
   also , austria should just join germany as a free state similar to bavaria and save themselves the cost of the infrastructure of an independent state . 
  i may not be a patriot or a big fan of austria , but i 'd rather join somalia than germany ( outside of a federalized eu at least ), 
  hey , playing almighty ulm is cheating . 
  prussia strategy : step 1 : get ridd of the hohenzollern weaklings . 
  1867 worst year of my life, 
  [ my face when i read that ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gqmhy ), 
  probably the cringiest place in europe !, 
  good food tho jokes aside , it 's a country i 'm constantly ashamed of , but it 's still home and has a higher life-quality than many countries even in europe . 
  same here . 
  prague is a hotbed for drum and bass music , and let it roll , the biggest festival for that kind of music is in milovice . 
  i feel exactly the same !, 
  fuck no . 
  bavarian dialects and allemanic ones are veeeery different . 
  people from vorarlberg , the western most state speak de-facto swiss though . 
  that 's my boy !, 
  czechia : best music scene of our neighbours , great food , culturally indistinguishable besides a few quirks . 
  slovakia : bratislava is nice for a night out and halusky is king !, 
  hungary : i 'm not all too fond of their right-wing politics ( not that we are better ) , but they are family . 
  i love the sound of their language and i spent a month of my life camping in their capital . 
  slovenia : our lovely southern slavic cousin in the south . 
  beautiful country and they 're doing doing great economically . 
  still a minorty in styria and carinthia , though they were and are still oppressed in certain aspects sadly . 
  i honestly would n't mind more economical and other projects between us since we share tons of history . 
  ~ ~ slovenija je avstrija ? ~ ~ italy : some freaks still want south tyrol back , i do n't give a fuck about anything but triest :d italy : while the italians are n't all too fond of us for historical reasons ( or do n't think about at all ) they are an austrian favourite . 
  great holiday country , wonderful food , tons of landmarks ... switzerland : one of their cantons somehow got lost in western austria . 
  the ones i 've met were ( unlike the stereotypes ) were laidback and open , some of them even able to speak german . 
  awesome chocolate as well :d liechtenstein : their reigning family probably stems from burg liechtenstein south of vienna , and ( at least ) their reigning prince still speaks like an eastern austrian . 
  i even was classmates with one of their family members , he was an alright guy . 
  germany : well , germany . 
  we * were * germans until 1945 and our relationship since then was one of ignorance from the german side and open animosity from the austrian one . 
  i regard them as a country to admire in many aspects , and ( even though many austrians do n't like to hear that ) our most important neighbour by far in economical , touristic and pop-cultural aspects . 
  even though northern german sounds horrible most of them seem alright , and i always enjoyed my time in germany . 
   are there a lot of places to see live music ? 
   what kind of music are they playing ? 
  i knew an alternative club with live concerts every other friday in my semi-rural ( still rather near to vienna , but fractured small towns ) hometown . 
  vienna itself has ( besides the obvious classical music scene ) many mainstream clubs , but also a really good scene for `` underground '' electronic music genres like minimal , goa and especially dnb . 
  indie venues exist as well . 
  there are also a few jazz clubs with live music on certain days . 
   how often do you personally go to see live music ? 
  1-3 music festivals + random good concerts of whoever interesting is in town . 
  my taste is broad :d, 
  your local drum and bass scene is getting stronger every year , prague being one of * the * event hotspots nowadays . 
  that 's more of a local capital thing though , besides let it roll in milovice . 
  most austrian ones an and / u/idkfa _ cz , / u/springinberlin , / u/jan _ hus , / u/liliputput , / u/schwertritter , / u/werkstadt, 
  sure , those hiking/skiing resorts are both filthy rich and really inefficient . 
  nah , i did n't troll you . 
  it 's also the reason why schnitzels cost a small fortune up there . 
  they have to be transported from restaurants in the valley with helicopters . 
   so it comes out more like `` merceh '' . 
  would probably be m\u00e4rs\u00e4\u00e4 in eastern austrian haha, 
  germans are n't the most arrogant europeans by far , that 's just the usual pathetic austrian circle jerk . 
  was outlawed after a freak accident in ' 98 . 
   in my dialect of german it 's also used at times saarland maybe ? 
  i think the german speaking swiss use merci as well . 
  i know it sounds softer , but my friend explicitly used the term `` weaker '' . 
  he compared slovakian to czech on ketamine . 
  there were n't all too many habsburgs on your throne sadly :(, 
  only german and mediocre english . 
  i 'd love to relearn spanish ( had it in hs for 3 years ) . 
   ` british inbred face ' inbred people do have stronger jaws usually . 
   i take it hungarian is not a slavic language ? 
  nope , it 's a finno-ugric language and related ( though distantly ) to finnish , estonian and uralic languages . 
  i ca n't really distinguish them , but my czech best friend ( who 's technically slovakian ) says that slovakian sounds * weaker * . 
   north korea started as a regular communist ( okay let 's say stalinist , but every communist state was `` stalinist '' at one point ) regime , never disputed that , but many references to communism were cut out of juche step by step ( especially after the rise of son ` gun ) . 
  oh sure , bratislava is rather cheap ( at least compared to austria ) , but it was depicted as some place where you can basically buy a villa or something with $ 1 in that movie . 
  i ca n't even fathom the horror of a mixed austrian and eastern german dialect . 
   well the eu is an attempt for a 4th reich , sorry but for a proper * reich * an austrian would have to be the leader . 
  it probably spared quite a few lifes , and japan was definitely responsible for tons of attrocities , many of which they have n't apologized for or even acknowledged . 
  but in my point of view nuking * anything * is n't right at all . 
  i would never call anything swimming in some kind of sauce a wiener schnitzel anyway \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  juche is a weird mix of absolute monarchism , stalinism , national socialism and confucianism which is kind of interesting and messed up ; i feel really sorry for every north korean , since life there is pretty hard ( though still better than back in the 90s nowadays ) and they are brainwashed from birth . 
  while i think of kim jong-un as a raving mad man , i do n't think he is actually stupid . 
  he is as much of a victim of his grandfather and father just like most other north koreans . 
  it 's no wonder he ( and also his father ) turned into what they are/were , considering they grew up in the belief of being descendants of a semi-divine saviour . 
  considering it 's less than an hour from vienna and extended family that 's no wonder , 
  incest and basements are my favourite ones , but the anti-german circlejerk is strong as well unfortunetaly . 
  horvath seems to be the `` generic '' / most common roma name here as well . 
  i 'd love bratislava being that cheap , since we often go there for one night to party .
