  makes it even sadder that you guys do n't have a proper infrastructure as well . 
  and , though i could be wrong , since i never had to ski , i presume those tourist villages have at least one supermarket ? 
  why would you drive 30 minutes instead of buying stuff regionally ? 
  but well , i 'm probably biased anyway , since i 'm very comfortable with being a flatlander , so take all of that with a grain of salt , 
   you never lived somewhere rural , huh ? 
  born and raised in a 2500 people town . 
  i 'm living in a slightly bigger place now . 
  i do n't intend to ever move to a big city at all ( at least in austria ) . 
   i 'm from a tiny mountain village with 4 a bit bigger towns , in 4 different directions , all about a 30 minute car ride away . 
  that 's where people work and shop . 
  sorry , but if people choose to live in such a horrible and isolated place it 's their own problem . 
  they could move to those bigger towns after all . 
  protecting our environment is definitely more important than the comfort of some mountain yokels . 
   some people will start work at 6am , some at 9am , some have nightshifts ... any kind of `` public transport '' that would fit peoples need would basically be a taxi service with 1 or 2 passengers for every ride . 
  not really much different than everybody just using their own car . 
  well nobody is forcing them to use public transport . 
  if they want to use their cars , let them , but they should n't complain about higher prices for gas or cars . 
  they could car-share or use * sammeltaxis * as well for instance . 
  there is always a way and almost all of them are better and more environmentally friendly than everybody using their own car . 
   nor can you make a mother with 3 small children in her hand doing her big monthly grocery shopping trip with the bus . 
  how would she possibly be able to carry the food and the kids home ? 
  well that 's unfortunate for her , but as i said , she could move somewhere else ( those tiny villages are dying out anyway ) . 
  i 'm not against using cars ( even though i do n't have a driver 's licence ) , but those taxes are justified until electic cars are common place . 
   lots of talk about making cars more expensive , higher and higher taxes on gas , with a bit of a rhetoric that using public transport is morally good , and driving cars is morally wrong . 
  that works with people in the city , but if you live in a rural area where you absolutely need a car to get to work i 'm not a green voter either , but i see making cars and taxes more expensive as a very good thing . 
  a better solution would be making public transport more frequent and efficient in those areas . 
  i 've been to ( as in i slept at least a night there ) 3 of our 9 states and passed through another 4 . 
  do n't intend to travel within austria at all , since i regard that as pointless ; visiting other countries is way more exciting . 
   we can sell you some explosives to solve this problem ... you can have a beautiful flat landscape like ours please !, 
  those western mountain dwellers are all creepy as fuck with their silly skiing and weird dialects . 
  while i dislike austria as well , that was a little bit too xenophobic for my taste . 
  ca n't we all get along ? 
  uh why ? 
  basically all of the older stermann and grissemann nazi sketches are legendary . 
   austrian that 's not a language , buddy . 
  i 'm not sure if i ever read any other austrian books at all , but the `` brenner '' books by wolf haas are pretty nice . 
   c\u00f3rdoba on the other hand is not seen as anything special here , i think . 
  we had our fair share of humiliating games , and c\u00f3rdoba is one of them . 
  i know , and that makes it even cringier that many austrians still care about it . 
  but then again the austrian inferiority complex regarding a random neighbouring country is pathetic anyway . 
  well many parts of the country used to be pretty isolated because of the mountains . 
  it 's fuckin ' cringy how many austrians still talk about that . 
  [ especially because we had a really beautiful example of neighbourly collaboration 4 years later . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disgrace_of_gij%c3%b3n ), 
  [ or rather this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbpuundf1da ), 
  i 'm not sure if it 's true , but apparently billy wilder ( who grew up in vienna ) said that first . 
  i do n't really care , since it has a certain truth to it . 
   but hitler was most definitely german for all intents and purposes . 
  but then again all austrians considered themselves germans back then for whatever reasons . 
  it does n't really matter where he was from , but it 's a fact austria was at least ( or even more ) as responsible for the nazi shit show as the germans were . 
  and once again it 's time to be ashamed of our people . 
  like every fucking day . 
  after a short recherche that 's indeed the tracks name . 
  definitely the burgenland and carinthia . 
  the people there are even more right-wing than people in most other states and speak in a pretty weird way . 
   how popular is it ? 
  do you have any stats to back it up ? 
  viewership , attendance , merchandise sales , facebook , twitter stats etc. 
  it 's mostly watched by middle-aged men with some beer i guess . 
  at least i have n't met all too many young fans of it . 
  i just looked it up and 240.000 people watched the first race of 2017 . 
   does having a race in your country and/or driver from your country help with the popularity alot ? 
  there is a race in styria ( as far as i know ? ), 
  and the only austrian driver i have heard of is niki lauda . 
  not sure if that helps that popularity , i guess f1 used to be more popular here in the past . 
  just no-cb those weaklings until your stab is -3 . 
  good luck with a 300k american peasant doomstack sieging washington :d, 
  i 'll just quote the greatest austro american president of all times : * i was elected to lead , not to read . 
  one of my ancestors got ennobled after fighting together with emperor maximilian in mexico , that 's basically all i know about my ancestors . 
   is there a time of day or week when pretty much everything is closed ? 
  supermarkets after 8pm on weekdays , 6pm on saturdays and everything besides gas stations and supermarkets in train stations and tourist areas on sundays . 
  restaurants are open then as well . 
   can you easily get basic supplies , like milk or common groceries in the middle of the night ? 
  maybe in some gas stations . 
   can you get food at some sort of restaurant ( fast food or anything ) at night ? 
  in bigger cities yes . 
   do bars close at a set time where you live ? 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  i was in bratislava a few weeks ago , and it was a shock when most of the bars closed at 2am . 
   for anything you answered yes to above , why is this the case ? 
  laws ? 
   are stores that are open late more like convenience stores , with small selections and high prices , or large stores like walmart ? 
  more like convenience stores , since they are gas stations . 
  well whatever floats their boat  but then again religions are n't as popular here anyway . 
  i attended a catholic private school , and even there we only had 3 religious guys in my class , one catholic pole and 2 sunni turks . 
  i do n't think the religious clubs would 've been popular at all . 
  i do n't think my country is great at all , but it 's a place with a decent life-quality at least . 
  i also think many people should be less proud of it , and we did n't accomplish anything special in our history anyway ( at least in a positive sense ), 
  not sure if i 'd consider some religious club `` fun '' to be honest . 
  that one does look pretty good as well :d is that lard on the outside ? 
  yummy, 
  that 's a variant i have n't heard of before ; sounds oddly good for a german dish though :o, 
  it 's normally either 1.500 / 20.500 or 1500/20500 , though i 'm not really sure if the space is commonly used right now , i 've definitely seen it before though . 
  exactly the same , except that we use a comma instead of a decimal point ( 2,50 $ instead of 2.50 $ ), 
  well since i 'm austrian , i ca n't really say much about bavarian leberk\u00e4se ( and recipes of the same dishes differ between cultures all the time anyway ) . 
  i did need some willpower to try horse leberk\u00e4se for the first time , but it 's quite okay . 
   well i 'd think of better cooperation with hungary , slovakia , croatia , slovenia and czechia . 
  empire-jokes aside , i 'm all in for more projects with those countries , since they are the culturally most similar ones to us . 
  i 'm probably even more left-leaning than most ( or many ) other austrians on / r/askeurope and / r/austria , at least in some topics like patriotism . 
  but the austrians on reddit are generally more left-wing then the normal population .
