  ) , but a national treasure and still quite popular here . 
  [ the only austrian superhero i can think of is called mundl sackbauer ] ( http://imgur.com/oxkk0mu ), 
  i 'd love to see the part where he bombs that smug grin out of heydrichs face . 
   yet all of austria is categorized as `` western europe '' i have never heard anybody calling us `` western europe '' before to be honest . 
  we are in central europe after all , just like our czech bros. 
   i , too , often use `` eastern europe '' because i grew up with it but for me it has zero negative meaning . 
  for me , personally , it 's actually a positive term , as i love many of the `` east bloc '' countries . 
  exactly the same here , i even call austria `` eastern european '' in a tongue-in-cheek way quite often . 
  i do n't think any rapper from aggro berlin ( besides sido to a certain degree ) was `` anti-rap '' to be honest ... 
   there 's also a lot of guys rapping over drum and bass or jungle beats which i do n't know enough about to comment on . 
  not even we junglists care about `` our '' mcs , though harry shotta broke eminems record for most words rapped in a given track length , which is kinda impressive . 
  one of them does real estate in dubai now , ca n't think of anybody else who is * really * successful nowadays . 
  in front of a billa . 
  instantely sent that link to my ( czech ) best friend , he never heard of metrix before , but is a huge fan already . 
  [ the only valid answer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emuuhrqsoti ), 
  tea is n't really popular here . 
  i love some iced coffee with vanilla ice though . 
  [ mr. schildkr\u00f6tentaube wrote a decent series about that topic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/worldwar_series ), 
  except all of that happens in a sauna . 
  to be fair austrians * were * germans back then . 
   non visegrad countries . 
  i feel like their opinion of eu integration tends to be positive but that 's not necessarily the case and their opinions can be varied . 
  can confirm that for us . 
  even our right-wing nuts officially changed their mind about \u00d6xit last year ( not that they are n't still critical about the eu though ) . 
   is this common in other countries ? 
  we have a church tax as well , it 's a leftover from the third reich . 
  i 'll just quote myself from a similar thread :  you just get wasted , make out , then repeat that a few times until you 're in a relationship . 
  40 $ for 40gb data ( lte ) , unlimited talking and unlimited texting . 
  oh well , he grew up in austria after all . 
  making fun of germans is something we learn rather early because of our inferiority complex . 
  no problem , buddy , and you 're definitely not a dick for not knowing that . 
  i think it might be a german saying , not sure though . 
  i really like it nevertheless :d, 
  well technically we were regarded as germans ( with a big slavic influence ) until 1945 . 
  this kind of thinking almost ceased to exist after ww2 and austrian is considered a distinct identity and ethnicity by 99 % of both austrians and germans nowadays . 
  only a few right-extremist nuts would dispute that at all . 
  i love germany and germans , like i love all of our neighbours , but i do n't feel all too culturally close to any region of it ( not even bavaria ) , at least compared to the czech republic for instance . 
  edit : fuck my sentences are long . 
  i 'd take slovenias place in the balkans in a heartbeat . 
  have fun in boring central europe , while we get all of that awesome southern slavic food and liquor . 
  to be fair the last austrian who tried to reunify random countries was some fascist lunatic who thought we are germans . 
  and yugoslavia is a vastly cooler name than boring old austria , which is confused with australia 9 out of 10 times anyway :d also we could trigger all our racist scum by doing that , would be another plus . 
  did n't want to offend you , sorry . 
  it 's not like heritage should be anything relevant in a modern and open minded europe anyway . 
  she was still born in vienna ( and probably lived most of her life here ) ? 
  carinthian slovenes are austrians as well after all . 
  i can confirm that 's still quite common with older people , but even they do that less and less . 
  even though i 'm quite the opposite of a neo-nazi i 'd love to see a series with landa as an antisemitic sherlock holmes . 
  well half of the people in austria have slavic surnames ... 
  alright , sorry . 
  well since waltz ' father was german he was exclusively a citizen of germany until 2010 . 
  nah , we did beach holidays at the mediterranean with my mum back then . 
   my parents used to send me to camps because they did n't love me that 's basically what happened to a few of my relatives in the late 30s !, 
  that 's a bingo !, 
  not sure why you 'd consider elisabeth urbancic slovenian though :p, 
  basically a normal ( upper class ) viennese . 
  wicked cultured , charming and a hell of a nazi . 
  waltz ' role , hans landa , was basically the main antagonist , a jew hunting , multilingual slimebag , though he stole the show from the basterds ( a jewisch american army troup ) . 
  he also won his first oscar for that role . 
  would definitely recommend that movie , if you are into ( alternative reality ) ww2 movies or quentin tarantino . 
  more than half of the movie is in german though , so you should n't mind subtitles either :d, 
  let 's reunify yugoslavia under my leadership !, 
  who 's in ? 
  sure , i love django unchained as well . 
  but hans landa was one of the best characters of all time ( imo ) and not even leo di caprio ( quentins first choice ) could 've played landa like waltz did . 
  ( btw . 
  you were pretty okay in a few movies as well , mr. harrelson \u00dc ), 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i got ta say christoph waltz in inglourious basterds ( even though he was n't austrian back then ) . 
  i know , nordbrudi , i know . 
  that 's why i explained it , 
  well there is a saying that the balkans start in vienna . 
  ca n't say that i 'd mind us being considered a balkan country . 
  not that bad i hope , but then again most of our former colonies are neighbouring countries ... 
  i would n't say that our cultures are all too similar if you scratch the surface , but it was obviously a joke , since our cultures are close enough nevertheless . 
  and we kinda speak the same language as well . 
  alive of course , i 'm not belgian . 
  i 'm a follower of the priklopil school , not the fritzl school , therefore my basement girls are n't related to me . 
  my basement ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  sorry , i 'm not very smart \u00dc, 
  oh sure i got that of course , i was just confused why she 'd think about our pathetic navy back then though . 
  the biggest immigrant groups in austria are : * germans ( 181.618 ) , nice and friendly people , do n't integrate though . 
  * serbians ( 118.454 ) , sometimes a bit too nationalistic , great food and generally nice people * turks ( 116.828 ) , the ones i know are really great , the amount of erdolf fans in that community is a bit worrying , but who am i to judge ? 
  * bosnians ( 94.611 ) , they seem a bit less nationalistic then serbians , also really nice people, 
  austria does n't have a navy anymore . 
  and hungary does n't have a coast either nowadays ( we had some coast before the merging with hungary already anyway ) . 
  and why would anybody think/know anything about the austrian navy ? 
  we were never really good in marine stuff ( heck , i ca n't even into boats in strategy games ) . 
  [ according to this list geographical names with an ending should be spaced in street names ] ( http://www.planstudio.at/files/straszennamen-schreibweise.pdf ), 
  well tastes are different fortunetaly , and i respect and embrace that \u00dc, 
  and it 's great that way . 
  austrian mediocrity for the win !, 
  almost all austrian rappers are cringy as fuck sadly , especially when they rap in their local dialect . 
  i was in t\u00e2rgu mure\u0219 about 10 years ago with my dad and really enjoyed my time . 
  the food was good and the people were nice . 
  i was really fascinated by the plastic money as well . 
  we only have one late night show , * willkommen \u00d6sterreich * , which is rather cheaply produced , but okay ( used to be vastly better though ) . 
  at least standup comedy is pretty good here and has a long tradition . 
  i met a french girl in kiev last year who thought we speak hungarian in austria . 
  no offense taken , since knowing which language we speak is n't really relevant , and we had a good laugh .
