  austria was never properly denazificated . 
  basement kids are only a thing in my home state of lower austria ; there is no need for that measure in the other 8 states since incest is openly accepted there . 
  nah we currently have a sp\u00d6-\u00d6vp `` big '' coalition ( which was the most common set-up since the days of kreisky ) . 
  and considering how many politicians of our last vp-fp coalition were convicted because of corruption afterwards it 's pretty scary indeed , not to speak of the policies they advocate . 
  unfortunetaly not . 
  we 'll most probably get either a sp\u00d6-fp\u00d6 or a \u00d6vp-fp\u00d6 coalition . 
  because many people , who would n't normally vote for a green party member , voted vdb to prevent the right-extremist fp\u00d6 candidate . 
  funnily enough the fp\u00d6 polled better than right now for pretty much the last 2 or 3 years ; but the `` normal '' conservatives , \u00d6vp , got a new , young ( as in 31yo ) leader a few weeks ago , which caused a rather big popularity shift in their direction . 
  fp\u00d6 will most certainly be a member of our next coalition though and i 'm really scared about that . 
  ** officially ** there are many of them who are hardcore patriotic austrians who dislike germany as well though . 
   but fact is that serious , right-wing nationalism in austria is closely linked with pan-germanism , which emphasizes one german `` vaterland '' that includes austria regardless of borders . 
  you got ta mention that pan-germanism is a rather fringe opinion ( at least officially ) even for most/many right-radicals . 
  it 's basically the same , except our president has slightly more rights . 
   i have never heard any austrian pop group not a group , but you never heard of falco ? 
  haha and i ca n't think of any other songs by opus either ; so i presume they were a one hit wonder even here . 
   how dare thee suggest that i were to name my firstborn after a lowly mortal name instead of our glorious eternal leader mandated by the heavens !! 1 ?? 
  then call your kid after an awesome osman and not after that weakling recep . 
  he did n't even kill one of his brothers ( as far as we know ), 
  i saw some of almodovars movies in spanish and they were pretty cool . 
  otherwise i really like some british and german movies . 
  ca n't say i 've seen many movies from other european countries , but i 'm really open for any suggestions !, 
   camo & krooked ( dubstep/d 'n' b ) i ca n't think of all too many c&k dubstep tracks to be honest :d, 
  i 'd call my son edgar or alfons and my daughter mathilda . 
  sure , many of them are producing niche genres , but famous and well regarded in their respective scenes nevertheless . 
  not every genre has to be super mainstream after all \u00dc, 
  ca n't say i have heard of an artist called * popper * , though i found some british philosopher born in the austro-hungarian empire in my short google research . 
  and wanda are known in germany ? 
  ca n't say i like them to be honest , they make bland pop and seem like huge douchebags . 
   had we still do :d, 
  we produced a surprisingly huge number of evil people considering our size . 
  i either did n't care or read the wikipedia article haha movies are often quite risky i guess, 
   attorney general jeff sessions this week declared that marijuana -- a drug on which no person has ever overdosed -- was nearly as dangerous as heroin , a drug that killed 12,989 americans in a single year . 
  what a smart man . 
  i 'm not surprised that he is from the bible belt . 
  only if st. germain and the 1867 compromise are revised as well ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  well the cringiest drunk people are austrians anyway , so wasted tourists are a nice change once in a while . 
  east tyrol is an exclave of north tyrol ( or rather the austrian state tyrol ), 
  i actually never read the book since i was a rather lazy student haha, 
  well i do n't think it would happen in the next few decades anyway . 
  and sure there are tons of hurdles , but the end product might be worth them . 
  i see nothing wrong ( quite the opposite ) with a unified europe , but i understand it 's a polarizing topic . 
  well if everything goes right ( at least in my opinion ) , we might have a federalized eu in the late 21th century and not many borders left , 
  funny , did n't even see your comment until now , but i just edited my other post since it sounded a bit too weed positive . 
  er ist wieder da was quite recently though ; at least way more recently than the other 3 movies , which are great :d, 
  wan na exchange some of ours with your dope windmills ? 
  ca n't say i would care , since we are n't members of nato and turkey recently vetoed our cooperation with nato in peace missions as well . 
  it 's pretty good , i really liked j\u00fcrgen vogel ( the guy playing the teacher ) in it . 
  the novel is a staple read in our `` junior high '' for obvious reasons , so we also watched the movie ( it was released around that time ) and i also saw it once or twice `` privately '' . 
  though i got ta agree with / u/wurzn that the ending is a bit over the top . 
  there are people who confuse sweden and switzerland ? 
  til i can understand people who confuse austria with australia , but confusing switzerland and sweden is another level of ignorance ( but then again there are people who think persians are arabs ) . 
  you need to think positive ; the first flight from ber might be to our first mars colony , that would be pretty cool :d, 
  the right wingers regard alcohol as a harmless and especially traditional stimulant instead of a rather hard drug ( not that i do n't enjoy my beer and wine ~ ~ sometimes ~ ~ probably too often ) , and marijuana as some devil 's herb which makes you go crazy and is only used by foreigners and `` communist '' scum anyway . 
  ( btw i do n't want to play down the dangers of prolonged and excessive weed consume , but their praising of alcohol is kinda hypocritical ), 
  that 's the spirit we central europeans need and deserve !, 
  there is also [ deutsch-wagram ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsch-wagram ) ( with similar reasons for the prefix ) and probably a few more towns with `` deutsch '' in their name . 
  * inglourious basterds * pulp fiction * muttertag ( austrian movie ; totally unknown outside of the country ) * borat * silence of the lambs i watch all of those at least once a year , sometimes even 2 or 3 times, 
  so the '' - '' and '' + '' are officially used ? 
  here in austria they exist as well , but only informally . 
  i do n't want to sound like your generic inferiority complex austrian , but saxon , or rather the saxon dialects i 've heard , are sounding really unpleasant . 
   ww2 and holocaust . 
  too much ? 
  how ? 
  it 's good our kids learn about all of our atrocities . 
  you must be a fellow paradoxian :d, 
  or we rather give them north and east tyrol as well . 
  that exclave is triggering my autism . 
  ( switzerland could take vorarlberg then ), 
  `` problem '' / s funny how many right wingers see cannabis as a bigger danger . 
  sorry , but mourning wehrmacht and central power cunts is pretty evil even if you mourn them on a personal level . 
  * culture enrichment *, 
  it 's actually a billy wilder ( who was raised in vienna ) quote . 
  well i 'm not german , but since we ( especially we austrians ) were the evil guys in both world wars , there is n't really anybody to mourn . 
   sumerian started about a year ago  akkadian : started this year damn , that 's dope . 
  hm , france and poland make better friends than us , but whatever floats your boat , 
  i 'm sorry you guys had to share history with us . 
  we certainly were n't the easiest or nicest neighbours and you had to put up with much shit because of us ; but it still makes us just neighbours and not cousins  and you share tons of history with your other neighbours as well anyway , just like we do . 
  there are a few nice german dialects though . 
   it 's like that ~ ~ distant cousin ~ ~ neighbour ftfy , nordbrudi , since we got over pretending germans and austrians have any relations besides language quite some time ago . 
  i 've actually seen that map before , but thank you nevertheless , 
  i do n't think we eastern austrians have much `` germanic '' blood at all . 
  i would n't miss carinthia either tbh . 
   maybe in exchange italy could give south tyrol back . 
  i do n't care about south tyrol , just give back triest !!, 
  depends what you consider as fascism . 
  nationalsocialism is fortunetaly illegal , but the nsdaps successor party fp\u00d6 is legal and might become first ( even though that seems less likely now ) in our elections in october . 
  fuck czechia marry czechia kill nobody, 
  t\u00fcren mit seitenteilen for fences . 
  besides some decent music festivals nothing i 'm aware of . 
  aas the german word for carrion , and a\u00df the past tense of essen ( eating ) are pronounced the same . 
   western europeans are secular atheists who worship materialism and personal pleasure . 
  might be because i am a central european secular atheist , but i definitely do n't worship materialism or personal pleasure . 
  austrian bureaucracy is reeaaaally shitty and innefficient , but even here a passport takes less than 2 weeks to arrive . 
  i 'd at least try to get a new one before your vacation if i were you . 
  no offense , but the various cultures of the us differ way less than european cultures . 
  i can only guess , but i presume because this topic has slightly xenophobic/racist undertones ( i obviously do n't want to imply that was your intention ), 
   xenophobic drunks with inferiority complex  hey slow down , that 's our stereotype hahaha, 
  heretic !, 
  you guys stole a few hundred hours of my life time with your grand strategy games . 
  sweden is also rather liberal compared to austria and definitely one of the top countries in my travelling bucket list .
