  i think you missed the point . 
  but the flemish * are * dutch . 
  and the dutch are swamp germans . 
  germany should * absolutely * be looking after our own homeless before taking in others . 
  this should go without saying . 
  when is this stupid , ignorant broomstick thing going to die ? 
  the only people that spout it are complete idiotic ignoramuses who have no idea what the fuck they are talking about . 
  sure , but imagine having the dog leashed or chained in a visible place to act as a deterrent , i guarantee these `` refugees '' will throw rocks at it . 
  i 've actually heard ( but , i 'm not totally sure ) , that danish is harder than norwegian or swedish to learn how to speak , because of weirdness in its pronunciation . 
  that would be hilarious . 
  but a lot of middle easterners have some weird hatred of dogs , so there 's a good chance that , unfortunately , the dog might be injured or killed . 
  otherwise though , good plan . 
  if a majority of cypriots would vote to join greece , would the turks throw another of their world famous childish temper tantrums ? 
  that 's the thing about gunboats . 
  they can be built . 
  maybe we need to be the guys that get shit done instead of impotently vacillating about anything of consequence . 
  `` these are your two options . 
  one : we invest billions in your country to build refugee camps and infrastructure , and stabilize your government . 
  or , two : we impose total economic blockade on your country . '', 
  anyone with brains would take option one . 
  europe just has to have the balls to follow through with option two if they do n't . 
  the wall should never have been . 
  the german people should never be divided . 
  streets ? 
  designated ? 
  wear whatever i want ? 
  so , a person should be permitted to wear waffen-ss uniform in public ? 
  regional elections always have smaller turnout than presidential elections , so looking at pure numbers is misleading . 
  you should look at the proportion of votes , not the absolute numbers . 
  you 're comparing regional and presidential elections . 
  this is an apples to oranges comparison . 
  i 'd say integration is paramount , else they should be shown the door . 
  and helped through it . 
  forcefully , if need be . 
  people have been saying this for ages . 
  reality finally dawning in berlin ? 
  hehe . 
  that sounds like russian word for dog . 
  that 's just utterly ridiculous . 
  openly selling fake id in athens ? 
  these people doing this should be urgently sought and arrested . 
  [ import some of these guys from iceland . 
  i 'm of the opinion that we should rescue them , yes . 
  and then drop them back off , with a lifetime ban from ever entering europe . 
  `` you 're an infidel ! '', 
  i 'm rubber you 're glue , whatever you say bounces off me and sticks to you ! '', 
  what ? 
  that is a complete nonsequitur . 
  edit : for the record , i am completely in favor of marriage equality . 
  these laws are perfectly just . 
  a government had a responsibility to protect its own people and their wellbeing above all . 
  of course not . 
  i would n't want to live anywhere except europe , north america , or oceania . 
  but not wanting to live somewhere does n't give you the right to illegally violate the borders of the place where you * do * wish to live . 
  with some quick math , assuming the network was active for 2,5 years and the 100/day figure is the average for its whole time of operation , that makes about 91 250 migrants . 
  well , they got it in the cheap from their good friend and colleague abu bakr . 
  sorry , yes , i meant bosniaks . 
  and whether or not they 'd be happy about it is entirely inconsequential . 
  as i understand it , bosnians and serbs are literally the same thing , except the former are muslim and the latter christian . 
  same here . 
  grandparents had a copy from the 1940s still . 
  got barely 30 pages in before i put it down for good . 
  finnish has so many vowels . 
  why ca n't i hold all these vowels ? 
  the islamic golden age was initiated by brutal conquest from india to spain . 
  `` daeshbag '' , hah , that 's clever . 
  all europe will be under perpetual terror threat for the foreseeable future . 
  and we imported that threat . 
   first of all turkey has no responsibilities for the ottoman empire . 
  by that logic , germany has no responsibility for the nazis . 
   what kind of a fucked up logic is that ? 
  the nukes are under the direct control of us military personnel . 
  the only way they 're getting their hands on them is by spilling american blood . 
  which has a history of being a bad idea . 
  if turkey tried to keep them , it would mean war with the us and russia at least . 
  hiroshima and nagasaki would beg to disagree . 
  they wo n't , but writing messages on ordnance is a tradition going back hundreds of years . 
  yep . 
  a legacy of germany 's fragmented past . 
  people often concentrate at capitals , and for a thousand years there were dozens of capitals . 
  every sort of political campaign is an attempt at manipulating voters . 
  that 's how it works . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  `` europeans '' . 
  the idiot / u/gearydigit probably thinks all germans are still nazis . 
  common affliction among utter fools of that sort . 
  they are worth less than nothing . 
  they have negative value . 
   austria ready for anschluss ? 
  sort of related : i think germany , austria , ( german ) switzerland , netherlands , flanders , denmark , sweden , norway , and iceland should unite into a germanic superstate . 
  i 'd invite the english along as well , but they have an annoying habit about threatening to leave if they do n't get their way . 
  yes , that is more fitting , but mine was in reference to : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/vereinigtes_baltisches_herzogtum, 
  economy was in a bad shape 15 years ago . 
  good growth , some tax reforms , and yes , economic growth in the eastern states greatly improved revenue . 
  i know , i addressed that in my subsequent post . 
  i forgot that montenegro existed . 
  put the buoys directly outside the territorial waters . 
  track it via that , and the direction they come from , and then figure it out . 
  not difficult . 
  europe should use whatever influence it can bring to bear to get done what needs to be done .
