  kind of incredible that this one man has been at the helm of russia for 16 years now . 
  well this seems obvious . 
  uk is n't in the eurozone , so why should they have any say at all , much less veto power ? 
  yep . 
  who does rouhani think he is to come in and demand the french bend over backwards for him ? 
  if he does n't want wine , just do n't order it . 
  simple . 
  not europe 's problem . 
  well , their prophet did it , so it 's no surprise they do too . 
  am i for real ? 
  i think so , though i suppose that 's a rather complicated philosophical question when you get right down to it . 
  i thought antideutsche were a myth , like fairies . 
   , personally i want germany as a country to be dissolved . 
  ... what ? 
  `` amongst those affected are 37 babies born in australia and 54 other kids '' emotional manipulation at its finest . 
  good riddance . 
  three of them returned to europe via the balkan route . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'd rather my kids learn russian . 
  yes , fleeing from the apocalyptic hellhole that is austria . 
  totally fleeing for their lives . 
  see also in the series : [ wladimir putin ] ( https://youtu.be/cumsuzencsc ) [ pope francis ] ( https://youtu.be/jpj9w1dtjuo ) [ barack obama ] ( https://youtu.be/bpnexzzizqc ) [ kim jong un ] ( https://youtu.be/eyvqijjezxu ), 
  oh that is a good plan . 
  if only our spineless government would use it . 
  she 's right in the sense that that is what ought to be done . 
  but color me skeptical that it will ever actually happen . 
  just look at what 's going on with the rejected asylum seekers . 
  thousands were marked for deportation , but less than 100 were actually deported . 
  why ? 
  because their countries would n't take them back , and europe does n't have the spine to force the issue . 
  there is a solution . 
  force their home nations to take them back by any means necessary . 
  we just need to have the spine to follow through . 
  then what 's your solution for deporting all of the illegals ? 
  and no , `` let them stay '' is not an acceptable answer . 
  how would it cause a loss of prestige ? 
  i would start with increasingly stringent economic sanctions . 
  then total economic blockade . 
  then ships into their harbor . 
  if they shot at the ships , then war , but i hope they would n't be so foolish . 
  when they leave us no other option , we ought to make it clear that noncompliance is dangerous . 
  i wish europe would grow a spine and return them by force if necessary . 
  sail a combined fleet off their coast , tell them to accept them , and if they do n't , escort the cargo ships carrying them directly into the harbor . 
  oh , you want women subservient like in your countries ? 
  then go the fuck back , and i hope an su-25 picks you as its very favorite target . 
  it is . 
  i just renewed my travelpass last year and they took fingerprints . 
  wow , someone voted for me as their favorite user . 
  that 's a surprise . 
  i ca n't remember if it was me , though . 
  in fact i do n't even remember if i took the survey . 
  i was sort of drunk over the entire holidays . 
   i believe you 're referring to ( legal ) asylum seekers . 
  i do n't think anyone in europe spends too much on illegal immigrants . 
  anyone that crosses into europe without permission with intent to stay is an illegal immigrant . 
  i do n't care where they came from . 
   and what would the military actually do at the borders ? 
  prevent anyone from crossing the borders without permission . 
  round up those who * do * manage to cross , take fingerprints and other biometric data , and then expel them , banning them from ever entering europe again . 
  set up border checkpoints with asylum processing centers and holding camps where seekers ' claims are assessed . 
  make it clear that anyone who illegally enters the eu , no matter where they came from , will * never * be granted asylum . 
  and then assign those seekers with valid claims to an eu country based on wealth and population , and if they try to leave that country to settle in another eu country without permission , revoke their asylum status and expel them . 
  luckily not . 
  it 's ... what , 11 kilos loaded ? 
  yes . 
  also , i nearly forgot , the [ hk mg5 ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/hk_mg5 ) is serving as a replacement for the mg3 as well , in the more heavy duty roles . 
  so , the mg4 will replace it in the light machinegun role , and the mg5 in the general machinegun role ( those are the english terms for it , i think ? ), 
  at least at the team level . 
  i think platoons still have an mg3 or two , but i do n't know for certain . 
  and i know the mg3 is still used as a vehicle machinegun , too , for some of them . 
  but the mg4 is replacing it because its lower rate of fire makes logistics easier . 
  also , smaller round , so less weight per round ... 
  overall it does make sense , but still , sentimentally i like the mg3 . 
  which , by the way , is like five seconds of sustained fire . 
  that thing ate so many rounds ... 
  some people mourn its passing , and i suppose i do too in a way , but someone has to carry all the ammo it burps out . 
  better idea . 
  use all the money we 're wasting on illegal immigrants to invest in the military , and then deploy it to protect europe 's borders . 
  are you blind ? 
  the statistic has nothing to do with support , only with allowing them a chance to even be able to speak their piece . 
  ** german : ** * sonntag - sun 's day * montag - moon 's day * dienstag - day of tiw or day of thingsus ( germanic gods ) , or day of the thing ( old germanic council ) * mittwoch - middle of the week * donnerstag - day of donner ( modern german name for thor , also means thunder ) * freitag - day of freya ( germanic goddess ) * samstag - ultimately derived from greek word for the sabbath, 
  i am a great deal more patriotic than is generally socially acceptable ( which , here , is basically `` not at all '' ) . 
  probably not on `` stereotypical us-american '' levels , but still , more than most germans . 
  i have a bumper sticker on my car , which is a german flag with the coat of arms of nordrhein-westfalen emblazoned on it , [ very similar to this ] ( http://rlv.zcache.com/nordrhein_westfalen_coat_of_arms_car_bumper_sticker-r6e153666d9e6457bbf57cadfeca238d0_v9wht_8byvr_512.jpg ) . 
  i definitely agree we need some sort of agreement with turkey . 
  but if we make it strictly clear , too , that the only way to be granted asylum in europe is to go through the border checkpoints , and that * no one * who illegally enters will be granted asylum , it should also decrease the influx . 
  according to constitution it is forbidden to use the bundeswehr in the same capacity as civil police . 
  one might be able to argue the angle that defending the integrity of the borders is a military responsibility , but i do n't know if the constitutional courts would look favorably on that . 
  hungary is the hero europe needs right now . 
  i just hope every other country follows suit . 
   unfortunately there can be none . 
  its impossible to rule without consent and if thousands of immigrants decide not to give biometrics what can anyone do about it ? 
  then you expel them , by force if necessary . 
  irritates me that our constitution forbids domestic use of the military . 
  if we used bundeswehr to control the borders they might actually have a chance to do something useful for a change , and they certainly have enough to do it . 
  they knew what they were getting into when they left a safe country to try to illegally enter europe . 
  sucks , but expected when you do as they did . 
  please do , and do n't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out . 
  no one will miss you . 
  clearly they were attempting to give impromptu gynecological exams and manual mammograms .
