  oh i see , so you 're calling me a revisionist not because i 'm actually being revisionist , but because i 'm not just brushing mistreatment of germans under the rug ? 
  good to know , thanks for telling about the new definition . 
  sorry , what am i revising ? 
  everything i 've said is true . 
  you think they were just politely asked to leave ? 
  they were killed in the thousands , the women were raped , both children and adults . 
  you are excusing their suffering because their government did worse ? 
  you are disgusting . 
  there is a difference , but you made the ethnic cleansing out to be nothing at all , which is disgusting . 
  ethnic cleansing of 11 million people is a single wrong , is it ? 
  wow , i guess in your view the holocaust was no big deal . 
  i said `` mostly '' . 
  have the french , dutch , poles , russians , czechs , romanians , and italians all apologized , officially ? 
  have even a majority done so ? 
  so i see . 
  the soviets are at fault in that , however , but the main point , that the polish government has offered no apology , still stands . 
  ah , so i see . 
  well , the soviets are to blame for the failure to pay . 
  in any event , the primary point , that the polish government has offered no apology , still stands . 
  [ material recompensation [ to poland ] incurred by germany has been estimated as approximately $ 525 billion or $ 640 billion in 2004 exchange values . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reparations_for_world_war_ii#poland ), 
  so two wrongs make a right ? 
  [ material recompensation [ to poland ] incurred by germany has been estimated as approximately $ 525 billion or $ 640 billion in 2004 exchange values . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reparations_for_world_war_ii#poland ), 
  has the government ? 
  have they given , or even offered , compensation ? 
  shame . 
  all this does is justify the horrific ethnic cleansing perpetrated after world war 2 by the allies , primarily in the east but also the west , for which they mostly have not yet apologized . 
  those pictures made me smile . 
  let 's hope the fences work and the line is held . 
  hopefully by then , borders will be sealed and they 'll get no further than turkey or greece, 
  you disgust me . 
  good to know you 're okay with ethnic cleansing . 
   small price for century of forced germanisation i would say , ah yes . 
  expulsion of 11 million germans , whose ancestors lived in those lands for 800 years , is certainly such a small price . 
   but that about what happend after wwi . 
  and 70 years ago ? 
  these were russian dibs , poland was just a straw that they used to suck up these resources . 
  poland received german land , german property , german cities , german industry , german resources . 
  yes , the soviets took more , but do n't act like poland got nothing . 
  it 's getting phased out though , fortunately or unfortunately depending on your view . 
  so , should spain be part of african union because of its african exclaves ? 
  just because some tiny part of turkey is in europe does n't mean it 's a european country . 
  it is not . 
  it has no place in the eu in any sense . 
   geographically ( if that were even relevant ) , they have every business being in the eu . 
  the only part of turkey that is european is istanbul . 
  we ca n't house every poor person on the planet . 
  i 'd love for all the germanic nations ( germany , austria , german switzerland , liechtenstein , netherlands , luxembourg , flanders , denmark , sweden , norway , and iceland ) to unite . 
  maybe england too , but they are a grumpy lot so perhaps not . 
  good . 
  explicitly dehumanizing language seems like the epitome of hate speech to me . 
  and yet the point remains . 
  german land was taken and given to poland , including schlesien , one of the industrial heartlands of germany , and preu\u00dfen , homeland of the founding state of unified germany . 
  and moreover , 11 million germans were forcibly expelled or killed , and tens or even hundreds of thousands of german women were raped . 
  so poland got their reparations . 
  they can fuck right off asking for more , unless they want to return the stolen lands . 
  you can say you dislike * judaism * . 
  that 's different from disliking jews . 
  poland took their reparations 70 years ago , when they stole eastern germany and ethnically cleansed 11 million people . 
  # * [ current year ] *, 
  greece gets filled up . 
  migrants eventually give up and go home . 
  eu props up greece in the interval . 
  100 years is a long , long time . 
  [ this war ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutscher_krieg ) and [ this one ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/erster_weltkrieg ) were less than fifty years apart . 
   ah , i see what you mean and agree . 
  the unification was definitly rushed and a big clusterfuck . 
  alone the decision to move to berlin and such things were pretty stupid . 
  why ? 
  berlin is the historical and traditional capital . 
   merkel wo n't back down and so people will be forced to make do with it . 
  if 2016 is similar to , or greater than , 2015 in magnitude of migrants , she 'll have to either back down or her own party will turn on her . 
  dude , paragraph breaks . 
  i 'm not reading a solid wall of text . 
   edit : bring on the downvotes okay :\\ ^ ^ ), 
   are n't you a little proud that so many people want to live in your country though ? 
  i mean ... yeah , i guess . 
  but things are n't as amazing here as they seem to believe they are . 
  sure , the economy is fairly robust * at the moment * , but it 's not invincible . 
   i 'm a little hurt that the syrian family we gave a place to live , a job and toys for the kids packed their shit and left over night to live in a german camp :( yeah , that does suck . 
  well , if it makes you feel any better , poland is a wonderful country . 
  i 'd definitely go there to be a refugee ; after all , my car would probably get there before me !, 
  ( a little joke , i am not serious on that . ), 
  faulty analogy . 
  it 's more like if a burglar broke into your house at night and then went bitching and moaning about being bitten . 
  i do n't see any issue with deporting criminal migrants . 
  they 're guests ; if they ca n't respect their host 's rules , they have no business there . 
  i 'm going to guess 2 million this year , assuming nothing changes regarding borders . 
  fuck that . 
   either the planned ( and unplanned ) restrictions work to this number or a border shutdown is inevitable . 
  gods i hope so . 
  i would happily participate . 
  imagine if this were a white male british person who had twitted `` kill all brown women '' or something to that effect . 
  do you think the charges would have been so quickly and easily dropped ? 
  it 's worth exposing the differing standards that exist . 
   that is all already the case . 
  no , it is n't . 
  my plan would make those illegally passing through greece , hungary , croatia , etc. 
  ineligible for asylum since they bypassed the centers in greece or italy .
