  russia seems like an interesting case . 
  internally , the government does n't seem that repressive at all ... until you start vocally opposing putin , united russia , or the russian orthodox church . 
  and then you 're pretty swiftly arrested for hooliganism or some other trumped up charge . 
  german descent is the number one largest single self-reported group in the us , in fact . 
  gold , girls , and ... ganja ? 
  i did not know that . 
  interesting . 
  germany does n't export much arms to russia though . 
  most of russia 's military equipment is home-grown , with the exception of only a few things . 
  srs please go . 
  seriously , this is total nonsense . 
  they choose who is best suited for the job . 
  it 's a meritocracy . 
  oh , but i forgot . 
  sjws hate meritocracy . 
  you mean memel ? 
  it was german for 750 of the past 800 years . 
  good enough for me . 
  nonsense . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg and the rest of ostpreu\u00dfen is german , but presently under occupation . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not really anti-snowden , but in addition to exposing legitimately bad things , he 's also released a lot of borderline treasonous stuff . 
  i hope he 's eventually arrested . 
  good , i hope they do . 
  china plays the cyberwarfare game too much . 
  about time the west retaliates . 
  ... what ? 
  someone voting for someone else is n't grounds for deportation . 
  even if 100 % of the russians in the baltic countries voted for putin , they still are n't responsible for his actions , and unless they are actively aiding and abetting them , there is no justification for expulsion . 
  same as in 1945 . 
  twelve million germans were expelled or murdered at the end of the war . 
  the vast majority of whom were innocent people just trying to live their lives , who had nothing to do with the war or the nazis . 
  sure , arrest , try , and imprison the nazis . 
  i am of course in favor of such things . 
  but forcefully expelling millions of innocent people just because of their nationality is wrong . 
  it was wrong then , and it 's wrong now . 
  so you 're okay with deporting innocent people who 've likely lived there for the entirety of their lives , simply because the government of a country they have origins in is doing bad things ? 
  holy fuck dude . 
  listen to yourself . 
  you 're no better than the nazis or the post-war pole and soviet and czech governments that expelled innocent germans . 
  ethnic cleansing is never okay . 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8 . 
  because ethnic cleansing is totally cool , right ? 
  oh neither do we . 
  how 's it going , totally-don ` t-have-nukes bro ? 
  wow , careful with the strong ultimatums , france . 
  people might think you 've actually grown a spine . 
  because the referendum was blatantly coerced and tampered with . 
  if there had been a true referendum , with secret ballots and international oversight , then it would be respected . 
  putin ? 
  yes . 
  til wwii ended in the mid-50s . 
  i just went looking for one and accidentally followed a link to stormfront . 
  i feel dirty . 
  better question , what are the scandinavians doing in * ours * ? 
  i actually agree with you . 
  i wish germany would be more assertive and forceful in looking out for our own interests . 
  and less of a culture of shame would be nice , too . 
  i was merely pointing out that whenever germany attempts to be assertive , there 's always those with the sentiment of `` look out , vierte reich up in this bitch '' . 
  [ shh , no tears now . 
  ] ( http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/12/122165/2587701-9733518266-13834.gif ), 
  somebody 's inordinately mad . 
  any time germany shows spine , it is criticized and comparisons to nazis are drawn . 
  indeed . 
  shame the poles and russians refuse to apologize . 
  small nitpick : kaliningrad was carved out of germany . 
  well , keep in mind that germany is bound by treaty to keep its military strength below 300,000 . 
  if these are russian special operations , i 'm sure they have their ways to get things like that . 
  what does that have to do with this post ? 
  what comments are those ? 
  more like 80 % slavic . 
  not that it matters . 
  patton was a skilled general but a foul , foul person . 
  russia could not take on europe in a conventional war right now . 
  how about luxembourg ? 
  centrally located , historically neutral , not a huge power to throw its weight around ... that being said , i 'd be perfectly okay with berlin . 
  moscow is in europe , and most of constantinople/istanbul is as well . 
  urals mark eastern end of europe , and bosporus is border between europe and asia . 
  maybe if our leaders were n't so terrified of him we could get things done . 
  constantinople is a better name , i think . 
  if they were , would they really be wearing their own uniforms ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't eastern ukraine have many ethnic russians ? 
  could feasibly be from that region . 
  we should not feel guilty about vigorously protecting our own interests . 
  no other country feels guilty about it . 
  we should n't either . 
  we 've kept our heads down for 70 years . 
   germany has a disgusting history just what we need , another self-hating german . 
  bad things were done in the past , yes , but if you call our history disgusting you are ignorant or ... something more . 
  alright , honest question here because i 'm stumped . 
  were you born into a muslim family ? 
  if not ... why the hell would you choose to be one ? 
  if i heard correctly it actually started as a nazi-subreddit and was taken over . 
  it 's great . 
   pure western ( british + american ) are you high ? 
  complaining of down votes is a sure way to get down votes . 
  it 's [ happened ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutions_of_1830 ) a [ bunch ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutions_of_1848 ) of [ times ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutions_of_1917%e2%80%9323 ) in fact . 
  yep . 
  unfortunately , it seems the teenager in question had removed the colored tip . 
  recently some kid got gunned down in california for brandishing an airsoft ak at some cops .
