  the posturing we see today is nowhere near the brinkmanship of the cold war . 
  if there 's a new cold war happening or imminently approaching , it 's between the us and china . 
  mirror ? 
  blocked for copyright . 
  genuinely do n't understand , so maybe you can help me : what 's wrong with germany maintaining a trade surplus ? 
  is n't it good for the german economy to do so ? 
  and if so , can you really expect them to sabotage their own economy ? 
   or - get this - we can also not murder people . 
  question : do you consider airstrikes on terrorists to be murder ? 
  oh it is n't ? 
  you do n't call the bickering about quotas , the suspension of schengen , and all the related issues a destabilization ? 
  oh good . 
  now let 's have the same done to all the rest of them . 
  the smugglers are worse than most individual isis members or other terrorists , who are regularly bombed and shot . 
  how is it not ? 
  these smugglers are responsible for the deaths of thousands and for the destabilization of europe . 
  terrorists are killed for far less . 
  in my mind , these smugglers are worse than most individual isis members or other terrorists . 
  to be fair , about 1/5 of them are , in fact , syrian . 
  imagine . 
  * surprise * . 
  you did n't specify western countries/europe . 
  you just said whites . 
  you literally said you `` used to believe '' that lying and manipulating is bad . 
  indicating you no longer believe that . 
  so you believe in lying and manipulating people to get your way . 
  so you 're a racist * and * a liar !, 
  color me surprised . 
  so essentially , you 're saying you 're okay with lying and misrepresenting things as long as it means you get your way . 
  i 'm [ screenshotting this ] ( https://gyazo.com/dc228092d7accf7399d7922d6866ec88 ) , in case anyone ever gets it in their mind you might have a modicum of credibility . 
  relevant username . 
  sorry , no . 
  migrants should conform to the cultural expectations of the host nation . 
  not vice-versa . 
  why , it seems the table has turned . 
   so , the entire of / r/europe can vomit out fallacies , sayin ' stupid biased things like `` they are idiots because their gens/they are black '' , they can say things like `` 80 % of them are rapists '' and shit like that , only based on their fear of what ? 
  different people ? 
  of having black grandchildren ? 
  i have said none of these things . 
  anyone can be german if they obey the laws and assimilate whole heartedly into german life , language , and culture , and abandon any backwards/medieval views they hold . 
   but when i mention `` hey , you once killed a lot of people of their ideas 60 years ago , remember ? 
  do n't let that happen again '' it 's irreletvant , hyperbolic ( do you even know what that means ?? ), 
  appeal to emotion . 
  i did none of those things . 
  i was not alive in 1939 , 1945 , or even 1955 , which was sixty years ago , and if i recall from history classes correctly , we were killing no one in 1955 . 
  nice entirely irrelevant , hyperbolic appeal to emotion you have there . 
  any more fallacies you want to vomit out ? 
  i 'm satisfied with the status quo . 
  nothing wrong with xenophobia , if xenophobia is defined as protecting one 's borders against mass illegal migration . 
  as / u/candycorns _ says , that 's the point . 
  it displays the primary figures of several major religions engaged in depraved sex acts , but it 's not likely to cause any sort of terror attack . 
  where as if mohammed * was * included ... well , that would be something else entirely . 
  you demonstrate ignorance . 
  the broomstick was used on an apc to represent a future modification of that vehicle that had n't yet been fielded . 
  every time this subject come up , i 'm powerfully reminded of this article from the onion : [ `` no one murdered because of this image '' ] ( http://onion.com/1i8gfg5 ) . 
  i 'm tired of it . 
  stupid , tired , played out joke from idiots that do n't even understand the situation it arose from . 
  you can fence off enough of it to make it look massively unappealing to migrants . 
  the idea is simple . 
  fence and guard the borders , with checkpoints all along it that legitimate refugees can apply for asylum at . 
  if they fail to apply for asylum at these centers , they are treated as illegal immigrants and immediately deported should they be found deeper within the eu . 
  i 'm not a fan of some of his more authoritarian , anti-democratic policies . 
  but with regards to this fence , i 'm all in favor . 
  keep on keeping on , and i hope it will be an example the rest of the eu external border countries will follow swiftly . 
  oh my god that would be hilarious . 
  actually , man , i 'd love to cook up a big huge batch of pork , and sausages , and bacon , and ham , and all sorts of other delicacies right next to hunger striking migrants . 
  hilarity . 
  this is actually an interesting insight . 
  the arrival of the magyars caused the previous peoples of the area that is now hungary to be subjugated and/or displaced . 
  they are a case study for the dangers of mass migration . 
  of course , that was over a thousand years ago now , so bygones are bygones , but i 'd really rather not have another mass migration displacing or subjugating the current peoples of europe . 
  they can `` find '' their passports . 
  the more the better . 
  i 'm not knowledgeable about swedish political history . 
  has any party achieved an absolute majority before ? 
  entitled prick . 
  about hunger strikers ... 
  i think the best way to deal with them would be to hold a banquet right in front of them . 
  full of delicious meats that positively radiate enticing aromas . 
  and leave some seats open for them . 
  they 'd give up the strike within days . 
  i want to get off mr bones ' wild ride . 
  same here . 
  i suppose , romania is not safe enough for them ? 
  i 'm not . 
  keep on keeping on . 
  hold the line . 
  i think they expected it . 
  it shows the migrants for what they are . 
  barbarians at the gates ? 
  legal economic migration is fine . 
  illegal is n't . 
  new headline , 2016 : romanian brown bear populations threatened by mass illegal hunting by migrants . 
  translation ? 
  america created the conditions for the current situation in the middle east with its invasion of iraq and bombing of libya . 
  they should bear the burden . 
  and frankly , france and uk should take many more than us , too . 
  you guys bombed libya , and invaded iraq ( uk ) , and supplied rebels , right along with the us . 
  why do we stay out but then have to pick up your trash ? 
  that is nothing compared to us .
