  it 's all just a big misunderstanding . 
  eh , what ? 
  the other one has 190 , this has 170 . 
  think before you kreiswichs . 
  alright , that 's a valid concern , but we were n't discussing revocation of citizenship . 
  we were talking about booting out migrants that commit serious crimes . 
  they should first have to prove beyond reasonable doubt that they are a terrorist in a court of law . 
  in absentia if they defendant does n't show up . 
  but transparently . 
  make it only for serious crimes , then . 
  theft of high value , or any violent or sexual crime . 
  basically , if one steals a car , attacks someone , or molests or rapes someone , and then does one of those things a second time , one has overstayed their welcome as a * guest * in this country . 
  the best way to ensure they do n't commit a crime again is to make sure they are n't in the country . 
  this is why i propose two strike system . 
  first time is to show them that committing crime is a bad thing that will be punished here . 
  second time , they 've demonstrated they do n't respect rule of law even after being told , and so are no longer welcome . 
  they should have thought about that before committing crime . 
  i 'd be okay with a two strike system , though . 
  first time , prison and mandatory education . 
  second time ( or failing to attend mandatory education ) gets you sent home , whether it 's paradise or hell on earth . 
   they can not , however , be turned back based on any metric other than the credibility of their claims . 
  i feel this is wrong . 
  anyone who tries to claim asylum but disrespects the laws of the country they are in should be shown the door and thrown out of it . 
  i do not know who i will vote for in the next election , but it wo n't be her . 
  i hope we follow suit . 
  say , 100,000 a year absolute maximum . 
  yay . 
  i 'd not shed a tear if they were all killed in the raids , honestly . 
  these traffickers cause more damage than most terrorists ever manage . 
  maybe we should be bombing them . 
  i hope we do , and soon . 
  i do n't want new year 's eve to repeat on every festival or carnival . 
  i 'd call myself moderate left , but i 'm still opposed to illegal immigration and media ( self ? - ) censorship . 
  which is why i generally sort of see dutch as a dialect of german . 
  a dialect with a country , as it were . 
  the only ones with aaa are germans of some type or another in all europe !, 
  haha , i did n't even notice that . 
  i guess the mapmakers were so focused on central europe they just kinda drew some lines in the east and were like , `` eh , that looks alright . '', 
  you 're in denial !, 
  it 's ... 
  complicated . 
  the map is n't quite accurate in that the dialects are n't really hard lines , but more of a spectrum . 
  so , traveling from netherlands through low rhenish speaking area , up through m\u00fcnster , neighbors would be able to understand each other fine , mostly , but a person from m\u00fcnster would n't be so able to understand a person from amsterdam clearly . 
  it 's not the * only * solution . 
  there are other , far more drastic , and far less likely to be implemented barring some unprecedented catastrophe . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/qb33uvul7dg ), 
  that 9 year old cousin of yours is absolutely halal ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   that is literally the law . 
  so , let 's imagine a hypothetical continent-wide war in africa in the year 2030 . 
  if germany received a billion refugees from that , would it be required to take them all in ? 
   horrible . 
  racism and right wing extreme populism solves nothing , and anti-intellectualism is not something we need more of . 
  - / u/then _ what _ why do you keep deleting your posts and reposting the exact same thing ? 
  i count this as your third instance of doing that ( hence my quoting you this time , for posterity 's sake ) . 
  do you have an actual retort ? 
  or are just deflecting because you have no reply ? 
  what 's racist about wanting to preserve one 's culture , standard of living , and way of life , from an influx of those who respect none of those things ? 
   were do you get `` refuse '' from ? 
  if the other parties refuse to address the problem in a meaningful way , what other choice is left ? 
  there 's really only one option . 
  that austrian . 
  it would be amazing if sd won a majority in the next swedish elections . 
  why would anyone in their right mind convert to such a backwards , barbaric dogma ? 
  austrians are a subset of germans . 
  russians or caucasus people ? 
  not everyone was a nazi in germany at this time . 
  my great-grandfather was imprisoned for speaking ill of the party , and was by no means a member . 
  that did n't stop the russians from destroying his birthtown and expelling every german there . 
  i 'd like an orban in terms of immigration , but not for domestic policy . 
  he has too many anti-democratic tendencies . 
  they did the best they could . 
  it 's just that they thought they were going to be fighting another ww1 . 
  on paper , the french army was the strongest on the continent . 
  germany simply outclassed it in terms of doctrine and ( some ) technology . 
  continental germanic name is reconstructed as wotan , woten , or something to that effect . 
  should n't it be ukko in finland ? 
  i would fucking love to deport them right back to syria . 
  maybe deliver them to raqqa and tell the locals they 're all apostates . 
  420 is commonly used as `` code '' or euphemism for marijuana , or marijuana usage . 
  there is no connection to hitler . 
  love how the header picture of articles involving migrants always have a child in them . 
  emotional manipulation at its finest . 
  `` i 'm not one to be fucked with when shit is going down . '', 
  it 's already been a year ? 
  where has the time gone ... 
  because that 's a good way to start a shooting war with russia , which is a situation no one wins . 
  what should we do ? 
  they do n't have any vehicles certified for manned spaceflight just yet . 
  i 'd much rather we spent that money on our own citizens , or on science and technology , or on making our military less of a fucking joke . 
  i 'd much rather we spent that money on our own citizens , or on science and technology , or on making our military less of a fucking joke . 
   i am a german and i know that taking care of these refugees will likely cost us money but it 's a price worth paying . 
  i disagree . 
  the money should be spent on completing the task of bringing the east up to speed , improving living conditions for germans , increasing funding for science and technological development , and incentivizing native germans to reproduce at a replacement rate . 
  secondary items include modernizing the military , increasing european integration , and defending european borders against external illegal incursions . 
   15 per cent  proportion of female refugees from syria who are pregnant in turkey that 's a really random statistic to throw in there . 
  do n't get what it has to do with anything . 
  you 're not helping your case in looking especially bright . 
  the only people i 've seen mock freedom of speech with babytalk are authoritarian social justice wankers . 
  i can no longer take anything you say seriously . 
  anyone who mocks a central pillar of western civilization with babytalk is not worth listening to .
