  there were tons of germans in czechia before they were ethnically cleansed . 
  the executors and expulsors are bound to have missed a few . 
  the uprising has begun !, 
  ah , understood . 
  well , this is france we 're talking about . 
  prepare for the long haul . 
  airplanes are n't on strike , you know . 
  but if you do n't get up at 7.00 sharp , how can you enjoy the whole day ? 
  napalm sticks to daesh . 
  see those daesh down by the lake , drop some napalm watch them bake . 
  napalm sticks to daesh . 
  probably fn too . 
  i 've never heard of a loving and peaceful abrahamic religion . 
  or any other , for that matter , but i specify abrahamic as that is what i 'm most familiar with , and do n't want to tar with the same brush those i do not know . 
  because of 70 year old history . 
  history which we should not forget , but which we should move past and no longer let hold us back . 
  trust me i wish we were too , but the german people as a whole are excruciatingly pacifistic . 
  i 'd be okay with sinking them with the smugglers ( and no one else ) aboard . 
  why in the world would anyone willingly convert to islam ? 
  i will never be able to fathom why some people believe their ancient dogmas should trump the rights of consenting adults to do as they wish with each other . 
  so about the portrayal of mohammed . 
  i get that muslims are n't allowed to portray him . 
  great , that 's fine . 
  do n't . 
  but you do n't get to police what other people that do n't follow your dogmas choose to do . 
  europe is secular . 
  europe enjoys freedom of expression . 
  muslims should understand this , and should realize that just because we do n't follow their rules , we are n't attacking them . 
  drinking alcohol is not an attack against muslims . 
  giving women equal rights is not an attack against muslims . 
  and drawing mohammed is not an attack against muslims . 
  in closing , [ enjoy this lovely , and highly nsfw onion article ] ( http://www.theonion.com/article/no-one-murdered-because-of-this-image-29553 ) that is always relevant in these situations . 
  er , what ? 
  where is anyone in here saying stuff like that ? 
  meh , this is n't europe 's fault . 
  it 's their own fault for not getting refugee status in france . 
   / r/tumblrinaction you think tia ranks up there in shittiness with / r/european ? 
  are you off your rocker or are you just a butthurt social justice wanker ? 
  but why ? 
  they 're both the same sound ? 
  do you ever stop shitposting ? 
  how do you pronounce that ? 
  i know what \u00de sounds like , but \u00f0 is an unknown . 
  wow this is dumb . 
  uh , take them out of the truck . 
  why did no one call the police ? 
  being against massive illegal migration is racist ? 
  it 's sad byzantium did n't crush them early . 
  eu essentially forbids italy from doing anything except accepting them . 
  so it is eu 's responsibility too . 
  mobile user here , i can see flair . 
  you could demand the right to keep close oversight of where the money goes , on pain of cutting it off if they refuse . 
  close . 
  panzer means armor or armored . 
  indeed . 
  preu\u00dfen is rightful german land . 
  also pommern . 
  if these are genuine asylum seekers , why are they trekking across europe ? 
  those in denial need to face facts : they are overwhelmingly opportunistic economic migrants , not those genuinely seeking asylum . 
  a briton calling germany a shithole ? 
  that 's rich . 
  well , they are both germanic languages , after all . 
  quite shameful . 
  too many people in germany seem to forget what nato has done for the country . 
  the pacifism is in excess of sane levels . 
  i do n't understand why a modern society allows religious exemptions to any secular laws . 
  it 's silly . 
  just like in 1939 , when poland viciously attacked germany and ussr . 
  well sure !, 
  but i was n't sure everyone would understand what schlacht means . 
  but if it pleases you i shall rectify it . 
  no more leeches !, 
  it is just a rumor . 
  hermann the german . 
  how about the ~ ~ battle of sedan ~ ~ [ schlacht von sedan ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/schlacht_von_sedan ) ? 
  then they should stop at the first relatively stable country they reach and apply there . 
  once they make the trek to europe , it 's obvious they 're just opportunistic economic migrants . 
  illegal immigration is a fundamental right ? 
  have n't looked yet . 
  if it is n't m\u00fcller in germany i 'll eat my hat . 
  edit : fucking called it . 
  the beginning of wwi was commemorated last year , and i fully expect its end will be as well in three years ' time . 
  its end saw the humiliation of germany , political upheaval , territorial loss ... should we be expected to complain about said commemorations , then , come 2018 ? 
  or , should we recognize it for what it was : an enormously significant historical event ? 
  wow , seriously france ? 
  stop bitching . 
  it 's a commemorative coin for a major historical event 's bicentennial . 
  why so buttbothered ? 
  i know . 
  as i said to / u/redpossum :  i considered including them , but they 're always whining about concessions whenever they 're included in a union so i thought i 'd save the hassle and let them stay out . 
  that 's my biggest sadness of the 20 . 
  century . 
  if germany won ww1 , the rest of the century would probably be way better . 
  great !, 
  good work rescuing them . 
  now , clearly they accidentally got lost , so give them a lift back to whatever port it is they departed from . 
  it 's the right and generous thing to do . 
  oh , and if they wo n't tell us where they left from ? 
  offer asylum to the first person to give information on what port they left from . 
  i considered including them , but they 're always whining about concessions whenever they 're included in a union so i thought i 'd save the hassle and let them stay out .
