  they should be taking a million . 
  not germany who had nothing to do with the causes . 
  america caused this shit and they carry almost none of the burden . 
  lovely . 
  we should start handing all the migrants flights to new york . 
   i think a middle-ground would be the best . 
  some feels , some reals . 
  no thanks . 
  all reals all the time , please . 
  and we are importing tens of thousands of them to our country . 
  a blessing ? 
  like a papal bull ? 
   _ how the fuck is this +20 ? 
  you 're supposed to upvote contributions to discussion , you twats . _ this may come as a surprise to you , but the number of upvotes one can dole out are not limited . 
  one can , in fact , upvote both your comment * and * someone else 's !, 
  it 's the primary way at the moment . 
  the route is generally greece -  macedonia -  serbia -  hungary . 
  stupid . 
  we in germany need more nuclear and less coal . 
  not the other way around . 
  mainly because they constantly whine and threaten to leave any union they 're a part of , so i figured i 'd save the hassle and leave them out from the get go . 
  i 'm down . 
  germany + austria + german switzerland + netherlands + flanders + norway + denmark + sweden + luxemburg + iceland = best federation ever . 
  fuck off , saudi scum . 
  we need to first think of our own wellbeing . 
  yes . 
  zero reason . 
  once they pass through a safe country , all they 're doing is illegal economic migration . 
  as someone in favor of european federalisation , and opposed to mass unskilled immigration , i 'm okay with this . 
  they should just deport him direct to eritrea instead of imprisoning . 
  sikh are not muslims , and it 's sharia , not shia . 
  read it again . 
  the former was raw numbers , latter adjusted for poverty etc. 
  it sounds vaguely familiar . 
  excuse my ignorance , but what slogan was that ? 
  that is a false dilemma . 
  just a heads up , this comment was deleted for some time and then restored . 
  why ? 
  close your eyes and think of allah ? 
  [ die wacht am rhein ] ( https://youtu.be/zikchnimsxk ), 
  opening the borders would worsen the quality of life in europe . 
  frankly , i 'm more interested in my interests than those of the billions of africans and middle easterners and asians that would want to come here . 
  something tells me the heights of the depicted towers are exaggerated . 
  just a hunch . 
  a nation has an obligation first to its own people , and far , far behind that to anyone else . 
  if my government is not looking after my best interests , i want another government . 
  what country did finland colonize ? 
  we should do the same to libya . 
  if they ca n't control their ports , well , we damn well can . 
  a nation 's obligations are to its people and itself . 
  that is it . 
  we must act in our own best interests . 
  shit , this seems like an ideal opportunity to drive along right behind them while leaning on the horn . 
  maybe throw in a few air horns too , for good measure . 
  they escaped syria . 
  now they are benefit-shopping . 
  the moment they leave the conflict zone and enter a safe zone , and then proceed * beyond * that safe zone , they cease to be refugees and instead become economic migrants . 
  illegal economic migrants should be refused asylum and deported immediately . 
  emotional appeals are counterproductive . 
  benefit shoppers are not refugees . 
  are you really under the impression that the nazis were socialists in anything other than name ? 
  read some history . 
  they 're not in syria anymore . 
  whenever i 'm lumped in with npd or nazis because i 'm opposed to mass unskilled non-eu immigration , all it does is calcify my opinions . 
  and the sad thing is , i 'm quite left-wing , overall . 
  even socialist . 
  the only thing i disagree with the left on is the immigration issue . 
  and i 'm labeled a nazi for that . 
  well fuck them . 
  ** i ** did no such thing . 
  no one here will say that . 
  stop being hyperbolic . 
  i do n't want to . 
  i want equitable distribution , and flat out refusal of any `` benefit-shoppers '' . 
  i 'd rather he take a 1000kg bomb to the face . 
  my utopia is [ the culture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_culture ) . 
  or we could massively incentivize childbirth among the native population via generous subsidies , fully provided for childcare , etc. 
  emotional appeals are counterproductive . 
  so who do i donate to in order to reduce the influx ? 
  i would rather have a robust welfare state than immigrants . 
  if you fuck up and break a computer , that 's one thing . 
  if you fuck up and break a human , that 's another entirely . 
  a good , harsh , 6 month winter would be useful . 
  if only . 
   that 's because you lack perspective . 
  then enlighten me . 
  more favorable for europe . 
  i do n't see how race comes into this . 
  mad ? 
  why would i be mad ? 
  i simply think history would have played out in a more favorable way if the turks had been stopped . 
  i still wish byzantium had held the turks off in anatolia . 
  considering the effects of mass migration on our countries without being swayed by emotional appeals . 
  i bet there were no safe countries between here and there . 
  while sad , this sort of appeal to emotion should not change your view . 
  it is better to consider the situation in a rational way . 
  it can happen anywhere , and will continue to happen so long as europe continues to incentivize illegal immigration . 
  still waiting : what , * specifically * , did i say which was racist ? 
  specify individual statements . 
  well ?
