  it 's unlikely that the bw is just throwing them away . 
  those guys just make me want to shout schland !, 
  yes . 
  predictably most people are worried most about how it will affect themselves . 
  immediately after mh17 there were some that were baying for blood , but that seems to have fallen off for now . 
  people here still overwhelmingly support ukraine , but people are reluctant to take action that might negatively affect them . 
  i wish we would though , since i feel like that view is horribly short-sighted . 
  i wish we would . 
  i truly do . 
  sorry we 're hangwringing and giving you the shaft . 
   waffenlieferungen an die peschmerga :  8000 sturmgewehre g3  8000 sturmgewehre g36  40 maschinengewehre mg3  8000 pistolen p1  30 `` milan '' - panzerabwehrwaffen mit 500 raketen  200 panzerf\u00e4uste ( typ `` 3 '' )  40 schwere panzerf\u00e4uste  10.000 handgranaten  100 signalpistolen ***** weapons sent to peshmerga : 8000 assaultrifle g3 8000 assaultrifle g36 40 machinegun mg3 8000 pistol p1 30 milan atgm with 500 missiles 200 panzerfaust-3 40 heavy panzerfaust carl gustaf 10000 handgrenades 100 signal pistols total value : 70 million euro . 
  ***** interesting that the government has the will to do this . 
  now if only they could do the same for ukraine . 
  sorry but this is nonsense . 
  nato forces could be in a threatened country in days , with massive reinforcements within weeks . 
  there 's these awesome things called airplanes and ships . 
  deutschlandlied is awesome though . 
  utterly unexpected . 
  no one could possibly have foreseen this . 
  himmler of course . 
  i think everyone knows ours . 
  indeed , wishing someone would take action to stop an innocent man from being brutally murdered is exactly like grabbing the machete and murdering him myself . 
  my preference would have been for someone to run him down with their car while he was trying to perform the decapitation . 
  and then back up over him . 
  and then forward a bit . 
  and back . 
  and forward . 
  until he 's a nice smooth paste . 
  turkey is not germany 's friend . 
  they are an ally . 
  no more than that . 
  the moment someone calls someone else a `` shill '' in gmo arguments , they lose all credibility . 
  i disagree . 
  even extremists should be allowed a voice , so everyone can see how stupid they are . 
  i 'd love it . 
  but then i 'm in favor of a unified world government . 
  to be fair , us shutting down nuclear is pretty damn stupid , especially when it 's been part of the reason electricity is so stupid expensive now . 
  compared to `` demonic construct '' nonsense , the us is a beacon of rationality and reason . 
  he probably means germany , austria , switzerland ? 
  proof ? 
  since you 're so insistent about pics , surely you have evidence to back up your assertions . 
  do n't paint all russians with the same brush . 
  my so is russian and she 's opposed to putin and what 's going on in ukraine . 
  they probably did n't pay the entire cost up front though . 
  why are french roads lined with trees ? 
  so the german army can march in the shade . 
  my girlfriend is a russian national who thinks ( and fears ) that it 's the former . 
  she 's said ever since the start of the ukraine crisis that it scares her because ukraine is quite similar to russia , and she fears something happening in moscow , where her parents still live . 
  space programs are n't `` money flushed down the toilet '' . 
   declining entity  largest collective economy in the world one of these is not like the other . 
  well no , but they were a result of territorial expansionism , although as i said , more on the part of the soviets . 
  outer germania huh ? 
  i like the sound of that . 
  well , a few million displaced germans in 1945-1950 might disagree with you there , but then that was mostly the soviets . 
  so england is the village bicycle ? 
  really ? 
  what did you expect ? 
  asians ? 
  africans ? 
  um ... have n't they been saying this for a few months ? 
  that 's a shitty redefinition that renders the word entirely meaningless . 
  well , when you say `` racist '' , seems to imply that there are `` races '' to be `` racist '' against , correct ? 
  additionally , i 'd argue that opposition to a religion does not make one racist , unless they are opposed to that religion because of the race ( or ethnicity if you prefer ) of its followers . 
  further , i 'd argue that most opposition to islam is predicated on the religion itself , and the behavior of its followers , rather than their race/ethnicity . 
  for instance , i am opposed to islam as an ideology , whether its followers are albanian , bosnian , syrian , moroccan , indonesian , turkish , or any other nationality . 
  would you therefore call me racist ? 
  just curious : racist against which race ? 
  ah , my mistake , i 'd forgotten sweden was n't in nato . 
  strange that the airspace is n't open to nato by default . 
  i kind of thought it was . 
  calm down . 
  all i said was that their gdp has doubled , which at least implies thriving , even if only briefly . 
  i 'm not praising putin . 
  paywall . 
  mirror ? 
  it 's worth noting that russia 's gdp has doubled over the last decade . 
  maybe an unpopular opinion , but i feel bad for him . 
  i hope he is n't made to suffer for his indiscretion . 
  and what will happen when russia says , `` lol , no '' ? 
  to be fair about the atom bombs , they saved more lives than they killed , and both hiroshima and nagasaki were major military targets as well . 
  i like how i was downvoted without anyone trying to post a counterpoint . 
  eh , i 'm sure there 's ways to bring it back , but none of them are good . 
  it 's quite close to niederdeutsch . 
  looks like a lot of people on paper , but europe has 700 million and the us , if they back the eu up , has another 340 million . 
   i am the state . 
  - tsar vladimir i, 
  just so you know , `` buk '' is n't an acronym . 
  not `` lies '' so much as `` conflicting reports '' . 
  one group of rebels said they 'd send them to moscow , another said they had them , another said they were lost . 
  good to know . 
  let 's hope they were not tampered with . 
  [ it 's a hoax . 
  ] ( http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/803720-last-ww2-german-prisoner-finally-released-from-russian-gulag/ ), 
  they 're really not , though . 
  they 're using this as a hawkish excuse to antagonize . 
  part of the bill forbids the president from negotiating nuclear arms reduction treaties without the `` consent and advice '' of the senate . 
  this is a bad , bad bill . 
  it also prohibits the us president from entering into nuclear arms reduction treaties with russia without the senate 's `` consent and advice '' . 
  my girlfriend found this on her facebook wall ( she 's russian , apparently it was created by some russian ) : http://cs618117.vk.me/v618117951/11a2b/jgc8qhisrya.jpg it says `` donetskyy reik '' or `` donetsk reich '' . 
  no , i 'm saying that doing nothing has a proven record of failure .
