  queue . 
  i do n't know how you could possibly take his comment seriously . 
  how do you define imperialism ? 
  censorship is not only state sponsored . 
  [ censorship is the suppression of speech , public communication or other information which may be considered objectionable , harmful , sensitive , politically incorrect or inconvenient as determined by governments , media outlets , authorities or *** other groups or institutions *** . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship ), 
  how exactly is obama a wimp ? 
  poland . 
  well gee whiz , you 've convinced me !, 
  foods and dances is one thing . 
  i was thinking of more important things . 
  like treatment of women . 
  treatment of homosexuals . 
  treatment of religious minorities . 
  political freedoms , like freedom of speech and freedom of assembly . 
  personal freedoms , like freedom to be an apostate and not get killed for it . 
  mexikenyastan . 
  big fan . 
  who said anything about outnumber ? 
  i said replacement rate . 
  that means keeping the population steady . 
  bull shit . 
  sjws are a specific kind of person . 
  extreme left , often authoritarian , often in favor of censuring or outright banning certain kinds of speech , and in the habit of using rhetoric that would make them look like nazis if their target was jews instead of whites or men or heterosexuals . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  people are far more productive doing things they * want * to do rather than are forced to do to get by . 
  i 've said before and will say again , the government needs to heavily subsidize replacement-rate reproduction of the native population , so we can maintain our population at the current level without resorting to importing immigrants . 
   maybe in the future this will transition to a `` star trek '' sort of model where nobody actually * needs * to work , but people follow their passions . 
  sooner the better in my opinion . 
  i * hate * working . 
  i do n't think it 's unfair to state that most of the practices of middle east cultures are inferior to western european . 
  for those downvoting , i challenge you to name 5 common cultural practices in the middle east that are superior to their counterparts in western europe . 
  honestly , i highly doubt professional soldiers would have been careless enough to shoot down the airliner . 
  the scenario i find more likely is that half-trained rebels were donated a buk , given basic instructions on how to point and shoot , got a bit over-eager , mistook the airliner for a military jet and shot it down . 
  sig figs are from satan !, 
  imagine my surprise . 
  in honesty , i * am * a bit surprised , truth be told . 
  i 'd more readily expect it from some middle eastern or african shit hole . 
  i know you 're joking , but my favorite counter to that is , `` if americans came from europe , why are there still europeans ? '', 
  afraid not , it stays fairly far north in the czech republic . 
  maybe someday they 'll do one that does go through slovenia . 
  an eu army within nato would be my preference . 
  its route is estonia to latvia to lithuania to poland to czech republic to germany . 
  [ best times . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/deutsches_reich1.svg/1108px-deutsches_reich1.svg.png ), 
  why only left ? 
  radical right is just as delusional . 
  meh , people can screw off , i 'd love to pay my respects to hermann and bismarck and otto i. 
  leonidas never did any such thing . 
  i always play as prussia in that game . 
  poland does n't last long . 
  dude , have a snickers . 
  you are n't yourself when you 're hungry . 
  the fuck is `` feminist foreign policy '' supposed to mean ? 
  it is better to be ready beforehand than scramble at the last moment . 
  besides which , war moves so quickly with modern militaries that it would be unlikely that there would be enough time to switch over to military production in time to do much good . 
  never did i say war is good . 
  only that we should not pretend it will never again happen , and should not fail to prepare in case the worst happens . 
  sure , but cutting spending on military to just 1.3 % of gdp is irresponsible for a major power . 
  and pretending that major wars are absolutely a thing of the past is even more irresponsible and downright dangerous . 
  terrible idea if you ask me . 
  is there any actual evidence he did what he was accused of ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  if you pick a hundred religious mexicans at random , i 'd be astounded if more than three were anything but catholic . 
  not saying you 're necessarily wrong , just remarking on the overwhelming catholicism of latin america . 
  imagine the little fights . 
  `` you know what , tonight you have to sleep in belgium ! '', 
  i think you repeat yourself !, 
  well , the angles and saxons were n't exactly celts ... 
  it 's a shame what russia has done to preu\u00dfen . 
  four years at the end of this month . 
  i should know better !, 
  when will ignoramuses learn about the background of the broomstick thing and stop harping on about it ? 
  should increase by more like 25 % . 
  we need to be at the 2 % of gdp lower bound set by nato , at least . 
  maybe even hit 2.5 % . 
  the border of europe is the ural mountains , not the russian border . 
  tell them to all gather in one spot for pickup , then drop a 2000 kg bomb on them . 
  you have no arguments so you bust out the personal insults ? 
  typical . 
  that 's the one , thank you . 
  i thought everyone knew that ... 
  it was reported from the start as islamists here . 
  basque liberation front or something to that effect . 
  basque is `` euskadi '' in basque . 
  two denominations of the same religion . 
  i wonder if they were frying bacon . 
  mmm . 
  bacon . 
  yes and no . 
  on the political left , it 's pretty common to have an entirely pacifistic ( and , in my opinion , na\u00efve ) view on defense and on foreign policy . 
  the right is less doggedly pacifistic , but is still generally anti-military . 
  this arises from rather obvious causes in german history . 
  fortunately it seems to be gradually diminishing in recent years . 
  hmm , i wonder what percentage of the population there are `` persons with an immigrant background '' . 
  whatever happened to meritocracy ? 
  they made their bed , they should lie in it . 
  preferably , with the warm embrace of a 1000 kg bomb to keep them company . 
  you could change `` rebels '' to `` rebs '' . 
  rhymes with `` friends '' better and also matches the timing or however it is called better .
