  its use today stems from those liberal revolutions , and from the weimar republic 's use of the same flag . 
  first you call germany a `` goddamn shithole '' , then you say it 's overall a very good place to live . 
  make up your damn mind . 
  i 'd donate to the government campaign . 
  what did clauzel say to you in the deleted post below yours ? 
  fuck the retarded megathread . 
  can we stop with the stupid broomstick-joke ? 
  anyone who says it is fully ignorant of the circumstances . 
  nope . 
  i 've contributed more to the economy than my education cost . 
  statistics show otherwise . 
  immigrants and their descendants are a net drain on the economies of the countries hosting them . 
  that first one is an interesting read . 
  now we just need to find a country to be europe 's papua new guinea . 
  the megathread is retarded . 
  we need * skilled * immigrants , not illiterate eritreans . 
  integrating germans in germany is far easier , and far more desirable , than attempting the same for people from completely different cultures . 
  edition , not addition . 
  why do i have to correct an american in the english language ? 
  they should just arrest them simply for the act of trafficking . 
  what language ? 
  to be fair , the 17th century was a mess just about everywhere . 
  but there is a special kind of horror around the post-reformation religious wars . 
  do you ever ? 
  the population of the holy roman empire dropped by about a third in that war . 
  preu\u00dfen was german for nearly a thousand years . 
  same goes for pommern . 
  ethnic cleansing works wonders . 
  in my homestate . 
  horrible . 
  poor guys . 
  nothing they could do . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-special-forces-kill-senior-isis-leader-in-syria-capture-wife-1431780812 http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2015/07/15/iraq-gets-back-antiquities-recovered-by-us-forces-in-syria http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/syria-isis-news-us-special-forces-hostage-rescue-mission-fails-helicopters-under-fire-1481556, 
  do you really think the us and other nato states do n't have special forces in the ground ? 
  the secret your coworkers wo n't tell you is that they 're all going to be faking it . 
  fuck the megathread . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/flagge_deutschlands#/media/file:flag_of_the_german_empire.svg ), 
  interesting that berlin has double the gdp of ( the rest of ) brandenburg . 
   you have no authority to do that in libyan territorial laws . 
  we have the power . 
  we have the authority . 
   actually you would be violating international law anyway . 
  eu is currently sanctioning a country for violating international law , by the way . 
  sounds like international law needs to be changed . 
  rescue them from the boats , then impound or sink the boats and bring the immigrants back to the port they departed from . 
  rescue them from the boats , then impound or sink the boats and bring the immigrants back to the port they departed from . 
  ahh , good old burn a cathar tuesdays . 
  not at all . 
  it 's simply a reality . 
  austrians are germans . 
  what , exactly , is wrong with europe being for europeans , and hungary being for hungarians ? 
  i just do n't see how it 's a bad thing . 
  or for africa to be for africans , asia for asians , etc. 
   the people that are rabidly pro-eu are also the most pro-immigration . 
  i 'm `` rabidly '' pro-eu and pro-federalization , and i 'm opposed to non-educated non-eu immigration . 
  well why not ? 
  all are economies that are strong , similar in structure and outlook , and sharing much common historical context . 
  i think germany , austria , netherlands , german switzerland , denmark , sweden , norway , iceland , and flanders should unite into a pan-germanic superstate . 
  england can come along too , if they behave . 
  it 's the flag of nordrhein-westfalen . 
  i am . 
  in the process of getting here they already broke the law . 
  the only ones we accept should be those that respect our right to choose who crosses our borders , and is educated enough to be a contributor to society . 
  we do n't need more illiterate eritreans . 
  we need engineers and doctors . 
   i know i will get downvoted and hated for this comment , but anyways :  i do not see what is so terribly wrong with fortune seekers aslong as they do ** behave according to the law of the country ** , i 'm not against background checks to get rid of criminal individuals before they come here , but honestly i do n't really see a problem with fortune seekers . 
  i agree , they should follow the laws . 
  one of which is `` do not immigrate without invitation '' . 
  also , they should learn german or be deported . 
  there 's a third . 
  send them back to the port they departed from and either sink or confiscate the boat . 
  they probably blew all their money on the first attempt , so they 're less likely to try a second , and remove enough boats and there soon wo n't be any left to use . 
  every time i read stuff about turkey , it makes me wish the byzantine empire had stopped them in their tracks in eastern anatolia . 
  dansk and norsk are so similar they 're often considered the same language anyway . 
  may have mistaken falling debris for parachutes . 
  voldemort ? 
  well that 's fine . 
  keep them nice and centralized and an easy target for bombers . 
  who ? 
  if being gay is a choice , then go ahead and choose to be attracted to the same sex . 
  go on , do it . 
  if it 's truly a choice , you can switch back afterwards . 
  ohhh , \u00d6si ? 
  why do you hate germans ? 
  especially with such a germansounding name ? 
  that is true . 
  moskau is a megacity on a scale above the common run of european cities . 
  believe what you wish . 
  german humor tends toward dark . 
  excuse me if it offends your delicate sensibilities . 
  they want to be participants rather than victims in the next one . 
   it seems like the general russian attitude to homosexuality is stuck in a time long gone . 
  the reality of the situation is that in most of the world , the attitudes displayed in this video are the norm , or even on the charitable side . 
  the tolerance shown in western nations is the exception , not the rule . 
  many ( most ? ), 
  european major cities are like that , consisting of districts which are or were at one point separate cities . 
  / u/isreactionarybot pwnzerfaust, 
  how is controlling one 's own borders `` apartheid '' ? 
   wow , are you people extra ignorant today or am i just missing a joke here ? 
  my statement was factually correct .
