  no idea , this is my first time watching it , at my girlfriend 's insistence . 
  i do n't think we can give ourselves points . 
  why is italy wining so much ? 
  they did n't do anything really special ... 
  is the guy on the right wearing glasses with no lenses in them ? 
  what the hell . 
  nice that there is n't heckling like last year . 
  same . 
  did she just receive a dildo in the post ? 
  i sort of wish people would sing in their own language , not everyone in english . 
  europe has dozens of languages , i want to hear them . 
  europe ends at the urals , not the russian border . 
  make it transparent , require evidence that they traveled to the region for purposes of fighting for a terror group , publish the evidence and list of exiled persons . 
  anyone who goes to fight for isis or any other terror group should be barred from ever coming back to europe . 
  `` former '', 
  schland !, 
  yes , lots indeed . 
  i think the original unification in 1871 is more significant , though . 
   not insane , just fanatically religious so , insane . 
  wow , those are beautiful . 
  it 's like art galleries . 
   basically , nobody will call you a racist if you only oppose immigration quota on an economic basis . 
  if , however , you oppose it on a cultural and ideological basis ... well , then . 
  i guess you 'll have to deal with it . 
  man , if me wanting my country to maintain a german cultural identity , and wanting immigrants who come here to integrate and be useful to the nation , makes me racist , then fucking so be it , i guess i am and it does n't even bother me . 
  saying `` kill all white men '' is n't incitement to murder ? 
  alright then , so you 're cool with `` hang the blacks '' or `` gas the jews '' too , i expect , and do n't believe them to be incitement to murder either ? 
  i strongly disagree !, 
  this is a far more natural-looking map than nowadays . 
  [ this shall do nicely . 
  ] ( http://maxkade.iupui.edu/nameword/map3.gif ), 
  [ india is n't a great place for atheists either . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irreligion_in_india#persecution_and_attacks ), 
  i love this bot . 
  the problem is , they were crudely drawn . 
  you have to show loving attention to detail if you expect anyone to take you seriously . 
  so they deny visa for this guy , but open the gates wide for whatever islamic extremists make the ride over . 
  great priorities there , sweden . 
  which sub is that ? 
  monaco spheres ? 
  if there 's ever been a better argument for increasing the funding of the bnd and stripping it of its dependency on foreign powers than that , i have n't heard one . 
  then again , i 'm hugely in favor of germany vastly increasing its ability to protect itself in all realms without relying on america . 
  nationalism was n't really even a thing in the time of the hundred years war . 
  the concept of a nation is an 18.-19 . 
  century development . 
  most companies , in my experience , allow you to bring your own food to work . 
  instead of eating donuts , eat apples . 
  heavily subsidise childbirth among the native populations . 
  heavily subsidise child care . 
  further increase parental leave . 
  in my experience , the main reason there are less children is that women have to make a choice between career and family , and many choose the career . 
  we should work to make that a less conflicting decision by making it much easier to reproduce at replacement rate and still have a career . 
  no yes or no ? 
  that is weird . 
  fuck no . 
  the german people should n't be divided . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  success breeds jealousy . 
  i think 2022 should have been awarded to the us . 
  they have the facilities . 
  they have the infrastructure . 
  they have a stable , democratic society . 
  of the 2022 contenders , the us was by far the best qualified and would be the best choice . 
  every time a fuss over mohammed pictures kicks up , i love to post this article : [ nobody murdered over this image ] ( http://www.theonion.com/article/no-one-murdered-because-of-this-image-29553 ) . 
  warning : highly nsfw . 
  if depicting mohammed offends them , then they should not depict him . 
  they should not be trying to foist their beliefs or mental hangups on the rest of society . 
  how do you mean ? 
  drop them back where they came from , sink the boats , and arrest the smugglers ? 
  well then , go to the next-closest one . 
  for instance , if there is a hypothetical war in poland , refugees should go to germany , czech , slovakia , lithuania first before skipping on over to spain . 
  if for instance czech becomes overloaded , go to one of the others . 
  if all the bordering nations are overloaded , then go to the next-furthest ( in this case france , italy , denmark ... 
  etc. ), 
  i think refugees should seek refuge in the nearest stable country , not clear across an entire continent . 
  perhaps france can sell them bombs to go with the planes . 
  what is your quest ? 
  i go the other route : i do everything in my power to keep muscovy and later russia my staunchest ally . 
  i wish the ottomans had been crushed in the 14th century . 
  well , the bulk of the population of russia lives in europe . 
  75 % or so . 
  never did meet a particularly clever one either , though . 
  everything 's germany 's fault . 
  * twitch *, 
  `` undocumented migrants '' is such a silly euphemism for illegal immigrants . 
  amusingly , the earth is furthest from the sun in july , and closest in january . 
  i hope that 's the case . 
  to be sure , i do n't know if it was his doing , but between 2000 and 2012 , the russian economy doubled in size . 
  he also dethroned some oligarchs ( the ones not in his pocket ) . 
  that being said , it does n't make up for the shit he 's been doing since the invasion of georgia , and especially since after the 2014 olympics . 
  i just wish he was more friendly to the west . 
  an eu including a stable , sane russia , an eu spanning from lisbon to vladivostok , is my dream . 
  i wonder if the vacationers will visit belarus when they 've had their fun in ukraine . 
  fascinating . 
  minority languages and dialects like this are always interesting to me . 
  teach it to your kids , do n't let it go extinct !, 
  do you believe everyone opposed to mass immigration of unskilled persons is some ignorant , racist redneck ? 
  what 's the difference between rusyn and russian ? 
  i speak : * deutsch * english * python currently learning : * c++ * java would like to learn : * russian - my girlfriend speaks it , so i would like to learn it . 
  * dutch - because they 're nearby and practically german anyway .
