  i ca n't blame them though . 
  i saw pictures of it directly compared with a real one . 
  it looked so similar that there is really no way the police could have safely identified it as being fake before shooting . 
  will elsa\u00df-lothringen be multi lingual as well ? 
  that 's like saying the ussr was democratic because of internal communist party elections . 
  because wwi was the second most destructive war in human history and it 's important to remember the causes behind it . 
  after all , those who ignore or forget history are doomed to repeat it . 
  people know quality when they see it . 
  i think there 's a fairly reasonable middle ground : only sell to countries that do n't have a history of human rights abuses , and do n't sell to countries that have anything above a low likelihood of conflict with you or your allies in the near-middle future . 
  so in other words , sell to europe , canada/usa , japan , south korea , taiwan , australia , new zealand , and a few other countries around the world . 
  i. . . do n't , actually . 
  can you refresh my memory ? 
  if europa universalis and crusader kings have taught me anything , it 's that france fucking deserves it . 
  this represents a pretty fundamental misunderstanding of how software and the internet work . 
  i predict nothing coming of this . 
  seriously ? 
  shut up . 
   ability : dissolution brilliant . 
  maybe then we should have a world-union . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's just a non-statement . 
  it 's very common in the usa , where fear of communism from the cold war is still very much alive . 
  it 's basically just a statement meant to evoke an emotional response , especially one of fear and aversion . 
  it 's a common parroted statement in the right-wing . 
  i believe he means the [ ignalina nuclear power plant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ignalina_nuclear_power_plant ) which was shut down in 2009 because it lacked a containment structure and was therefore considered unsafe . 
  makes sense !, 
  thanks . 
  as someone with very little knowledge of economic theory , can someone explain why low inflation is bad ? 
  wait ... did i miss something ? 
  what does the us have to do with any of this ? 
  irresponsible spending is destroying europe ( and that 's a bit hyperbolic , is n't it ) , not merkel . 
   you won the challenge with 15795 points against 10000 . 
  gon na have to play again . 
   you got 28191 points in total . 
  that 's better . 
  i believe it 's a `` humorous '' play on nazis . 
  possibly . 
  older than the internet . 
  i often unify germany as early as 1500 in europa universalis !, 
  maybe he refers to one of those alternate universes ? 
  we have the respect of everyone that matters . 
  it 's okay . 
  we love you . 
  ^ ^ ^ some ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ you . 
  in russia , your middle name is derived from your father . 
  so for instance , aleksandrovich means son of aleksandr , and aleksandrovna means daughter of aleksandr . 
  ivan nikolayevich shchelkunov , born 1990, 
  kill those you have direct issue with , that is , the government and military forces of the country you want independence from . 
  no one should kill innocent people . 
  mandela 's and collins ' acts were wrong and evil , no matter their ultimate objective . 
  and that 's disgusting . 
  and if you support such things , you are the worst kind of human . 
  most of us from countries having such things in their past recognize it as evil and horrible . 
  ahh yes , those children who were blown to pieces definitely voted for putin . 
  killing innocent people is unconscionable . 
  period . 
  and you 're a huge asshole for even implying that it 's okay . 
  america should reply with a picture next to a b-2 stealth bomber . 
  then the dick measuring contest can truly begin . 
  wait , did i miss something ? 
  when did lithuania move to the balkans ? 
  wine and beer in nordrhein-westfalen . 
  accurate !, 
  as for danzig , it was german as far back as the teutonic order , and went back-and-forth since then , but fair enough . 
  breslau and danzig and pommern and others are in poland . 
  if you 're so in favor of nations getting their rightful lands back , perhaps germany can have preu\u00dfen and schlesien back ? 
  good , they 'd be waving swastikas in the streets if they could get away with it . 
  are they the national police or something ? 
  * if only . 
  aging population means a burden on the system that seriously damages the economy . 
  see japan for an example . 
  people said the same pessimistic thing about pretty much every innovative technology ever created . 
  it 'll happen before we 're in danger of running out of most non-renewable resources . 
  that 's what the asteroids and the other planets are for . 
  i was actually speaking specifically about germany . 
  as for living standards and gdp : as the population ages with a lower proportion of young people to old people , pensions and social security will put a heavy burden on the government that it might not be able to sustain , since there will be less young workers paying into the system . 
  it 's the textbook problem of aging populations , and you can in fact see it in action in japan right now . 
  your link proves my point . 
  by 2050 , german population will reduce by 13.5 % . 
  which is substantial and a bad thing for the future of germany , for its economy and its culture . 
  i never said anything about doubling population . 
  i meant sustaining . 
  not substantially increasing or decreasing . 
  i think the problem should be solved by incentivizing childbirth to at least a replacement level . 
  would you be okay with it if all the basque died out and basque country was occupied instead by castillians ? 
  are you one of those luddite primitivists who wish we 'd abandon science and return to an agricultural lifestyle ? 
  because if you are , then please , go do so . 
  away from the rest of us . 
  is it racist to want one 's own people to thrive ? 
  better than requiring immigration to maintain population . 
  better than replacing native germans with others . 
  i did n't say it was easy . 
  i said it would be better . 
  reading comprehension , do you have it ? 
  would be better if germans would reproduce than require immigrants . 
  success breeds jealousy . 
  rt 's always been ridiculous . 
  makes fox news look like a bastion of journalistic impartiality and truthfulness by comparison . 
  i 'll take these criticisms seriously when germany 's critics call out china for its surplus as well . 
  roma and romanian is two different things . 
  i do n't really think so .
