  the top financial priority of the eu is and should be economic recovery of the eurozone . 
  this is worthy of / r/conspiratard, 
  that 's not even relevant . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  does n't make it right , though . 
  ethnic cleansing of germans happened all over europe in the final months of wwii and its aftermath . 
  careful , your hakenkreuz is showing . 
  yes , that is probably more accurate . 
  did n't say it is . 
  you can be white or black or anything in between , as long as your primary identity is german . 
  which is less likely for immigrants and first generation descendents thereof . 
  generations thereafter are better . 
  why ? 
  because native germans have a greater tendency to propagate and adhere to german culture than foreign born or first generation immigrants , and i believe german culture should be preserved . 
  since native germans are more likely to preserve it , it should be incentivized . 
  did n't say it was likely to happen . 
  just that i wish it would . 
  i wish the government would incentivize native german people to reproduce at replacement rate . 
  for example , substantial tax breaks for german-born citizens for the first two children . 
  i guess they hit them enough with the stick , and now are trying to offer the carrot . 
  which is kind of silly , considering that when it was written , it was intended as a song of unity and brotherhood between all germans . 
  deutschland \u00fcber alles does n't mean `` germany should rule the world '' . 
  it means `` put aside your petty differences and put unity of the german fatherland above your squabbles '' . 
  wilhelm i , or perhaps the hand behind the throne otto von bismarck , because of the unification of germany . 
  hungary . 
  you do have a slight french accent , to my ear , anyway , but it 's much more subtle than most . 
  the only danes i 've ever met sounded like they were talking with a mouthful of oatmeal when they were speaking danish . 
  i 'm not defending one empire from another , i 'm defending the right of innocent civilians to be free from rape , murder , and forced expulsion , no matter the actions of their government . 
  that does n't fucking excuse mass rape , mass extermination , and mass deportation . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  where do you see china ? 
  he 's not wrong . 
  the only liberators in that war came from the west . 
  the soviets just replaced one oppressor with another . 
   russia could have won alone nope . 
  they only won because the us and britain were pouring ridiculous amounts of supplies into the soviet military . 
  more than 99 % of their train locomotives were built in the us . 
  most of their trucks were made in the us . 
  most of their train cars were made in the us . 
  if they had to produce both logistical implements * and * weapons , germany would have pushed them to the urals . 
  what did your average hausfrau in k\u00f6nigsberg do to deserve being gang raped and either forced from her home or murdered ? 
  i 'm just referring to the apparent typo in your last line . 
  i presume you meant to say `` helps * fight * terrorism '' , but you left out `` fight '' , which makes it sound like the us is saying that it assists terrorists in achieving their goals . 
  well , obviously the us is right , it * does * help terrorism !, 
  alright , no state wishes to see itself broken up . 
  better ? 
  of course they 're gon na ask other countries to oppose it . 
  just as the us would ask other countries to oppose texan independence , or germany would ask other countries to oppose bavarian independence , or any other country would ask to oppose any other regional independence . 
  no nation * wants * to see their country broken up . 
  it would be nice for k\u00f6nigsberg to come home . 
  you are the very worst kind of human . 
  funniest thing was , he was n't even russian , but georgian !, 
  it 'd be like if we renamed dortmund to hitlerstadt or something . 
  elsa\u00df-lothringen was german before it was french . 
  i suppose you could be more wrong , if you tried , but it would be difficult . 
  from the zhopa ? 
  probably stephen harper . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ joke . 
  rush would cum so hard he 'd have a stroke if obama was thrown in jail . 
  cruise missiles are n't usually nuclear . 
  they * can * be , but most are conventionally armed . 
  erdogan is such a jackass . 
  your name earns an automatic downvote . 
  sure , but i 'm still at a loss as to how disliking islam , or suspecting that the perpetrator of a crime is muslim , is racist . 
  islam is n't a race . 
  fair enough !, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  maybe in 1950 , but technology has advanced since then . 
  human waves would n't work against modern weapons nearly as well as they did back then . 
  just out of curiosity , why do n't you want finland to join nato ? 
  leopard 2a6 is better than the m1a1 . 
  the newer versions of the m1 , though , like the m1a2 sep , are more or less equal with the 2a6 . 
  [ relevant onion video . 
  ] ( http://www.theonion.com/video/ospan-classic-cia-accidentally-overthrows-costa-ri,18056/ ), 
  wwii ? 
  well , the soviets were on the winning side for that one . 
  yeah , i was gon na say , seems to me like there 's been several plagues that caused more deaths . 
  gypsy magic . 
  i will never believe that property is more important than human life . 
  theft does n't warrant the death penalty , and the only time a thief should be shot or otherwise killed is if they are directly threatening a human life . 
  german ancestry is the single largest self-reported ethnic group in the united states , with something like a quarter to a third of americans claiming german ancestry . 
  remind me who was doing the appeasing again ? 
  small question i 've long wondered : why do the british write their acronyms lowercase ( ukip ) and the americans write them uppercase ( ukip ) ? 
  i 've noticed this in many instances in british versus american newspapers . 
  because typically the large subsumes the small . 
  well hre was dissolved by the habsburg emperor after major defeats by napoleon almost 70 years before unification of germany . 
  the allies , in the process of denazification , encouraged the development of a local austrian identity , in which driving a wedge between germany and austria was a major part . 
  stupid . 
  the whole removal of nuclear power is stupid . 
  nuclear is the best base load power system currently available and now we 're wasting billions of euro because of stupid luddites and nuclearphobes . 
  franz josef is my grandfather 's name . 
  european fairies ( gays ) employed by the nsa flew into the rockets using their fairy wings to damage glorious sov ... er , russian space rocket . 
  the son is not guilty of the sins of the father . 
  the current generation is not guilty of the sins of the generations past . 
  that we all wear lederhosen while consuming copious quantities of sauerkraut . 
  i wonder what the firefighters were thinking when or if they saw the quad copter drone . 
  why are french roads lined with trees ? 
  so the german army can march in the shade !, 
  i joke , i joke , you guys are cool . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/24/us-ukraine-crisis-professor-idusbrea2n1bm20140324 `` the moscow state institute of international relations ( mgimo ) , a diplomatic school with ties to the foreign ministry where zubov has worked since 2001 , said it had dismissed him for criticising russia 's foreign policy . '',
