  hey , believe what you want . 
  but if 6,000 foreign soldiers occupied your home state/province/country , you 'd be intimidated . 
  seven pictures ? 
  wow , you truly convinced me . 
  or maybe a return of k\u00f6nigsberg !, 
  the 6,000 russian soldiers in full combat gear . 
  that 's intimidating . 
  their mere presence is an implied threat of violence . 
  i meant to add `` assuming it 's true '' at the end , but forgot because i have n't slept yet . 
  i still would n't be surprised if it were true . 
  no referendum under intimidation as the crimean one was should have its results taken as true . 
  well , crimea was * ukrainian * territory , not russian , so a referendum would have been one of the requirements to annex it lawfully . 
  seeing this new information ( which is about as surprising as someone telling me the sky is blue ) kind of discards any scraps of legitimacy the annexation had assuming it 's true . 
  there are many who still sympathize with russia , especially die linke and other left-wing parties , along with a lot of far-right groups like npd who see a commonality with putin 's nationalist policies . 
  so i think it could be legitimate . 
  i 've not been a fan of the idea of turkish accession either , at least until they resolve a lot of outstanding issues . 
  for instance , they need to end the illegal occupation of half of cyprus , and they need to strengthen border controls . 
  i agree , it 's fucked up . 
  they care more about not annoying the americans than they do about the will of their own people . 
  indeed . 
  i feel like religious exemptions should be non-existent in just about every field . 
  i do n't recall the details , but there are laws in america that have religious exemptions from anti-discrimination laws . 
  like it 's legal for them to discriminate against people because of their religion . 
  and then there 's religious exemptions to various health and childcare laws ... 
  it 's just stupid . 
  if you 're above 10 or so years old , it 's pretty weird . 
  at least that 's how it is in my part of my country ... or at the very least among my immediate acquaintances . 
  ca n't speak for the other 80m . 
   they consider the slaughtered animal to be `` haram '' ( `` dirty '' or `` sinful '' - it means they wo n't eat it ) if the animals are n't concious during the killing . 
  that is fucked up . 
  they should freeze every cent of assets they can reach of the top 10,000 people in russian government . 
  isolationist america is economically and politically crippled america . 
  it 's neat that they all have german-sounding surnames . 
  i know they are n't all german , but all their names would not be out of place in germany . 
  it 's a cool coincidence . 
  russian . 
  but my girlfriend 's from there so i 'm biased . 
  wald ( forest ) or stahl ( steel ) or eisen ( iron ) for germany i think . 
  i was actually thinking wald for germany . 
  germany is well-known for its forests after all . 
  comments on news websites are the absolute worst thing . 
  they are worse than youtube comments . 
  my kneejerk reaction is to laugh the greeks off , but at the same time , there is some merit to the claims . 
  the one mentioned near the end about the forced loan is the one that strikes me as closest to being a reasonable request . 
  this is just so far off-base it 's hilarious . 
  if tensions were ramping up , i guarantee you a fleet with a few amphibious assault ships ( basically carriers the size of the uk 's old ones ) and several thousand marines would be sent to the baltic sea . 
  they can land and be combat ready within days if shit really starts going south . 
  and then hundreds of thousands of soldiers can be brought in via the world 's most robust global military logistics system in the world . 
  if there is one thing the us is good at , it 's getting troops where they need them quickly . 
  if russia wants to treat crimea as no longer a part of ukraine , they do n't get to complain when ukraine stops sending its resources there . 
  did you just turn 18 and now you think you have all the answers ? 
  it 's okay , many of us were like that at that age . 
  the pipeline is intended to go to south korea . 
  north korea just happens to be in the way . 
  unfortunately , i think a world without nukes is a world that regresses to the perpetual warfare of the previous centuries . 
  there is a reason there has not been a truly major war in the past 70 years , and that reason is nukes . 
  haha that 's hilarious . 
  i love it . 
  of putin and the russian government ? 
  yes , quite a bit lower . 
  not of the people , though . 
  i 'm dating a russian after all . 
  it would probably mean a polish state carved out of russia 's western frontier . 
  smaller than today , yeah , but , well , tough . 
  well , how is a europe that looks like that inherently worse than what we have today ? 
  but either way , not really . 
  if germany had won wwi , much of the western russian empire would have been broken off as part of the terms of the treaty of brest-litovsk and likely administered as a series of semi-independent satellite states with borders resembling what we see today in belarus , ukraine , poland , and the baltics . 
  however , as tends to happen , the leash would gradually be loosened and those nations would be fully independent eventually . 
  there would be differences of course ; poland would probably be smaller , for one thing . 
  elsa\u00df-lothringen would be in german hands . 
  depending on the terms of the treaty concluding this alternate wwi , more of eastern france may or may not be part of germany today . 
  but is that worse than a war in which up to a hundred million people died ? 
  war with russia is a silly proposition . 
  what we need is to sever ties with them that they could leverage to bully us , or our allies , or their neighbors . 
  being party to continued intimidation is unconscionable . 
  almost every european nation has had imperialistic goals through pretty much their entire history . 
  what is your point ? 
  well , i think the world in general . 
  a victorious germany would probably not fall to fascism fifteen years later . 
  and even if the defeated french or british , or both , fell to revanchist communism or fascism , they had neither the demographic nor the industrial might to challenge germany , unlike real-world germany challenging france and britain . 
  additionally , a victorious germany means a much weaker soviet union , assuming the reds even win the civil war in this new timeline . 
  so all in all , i think if germany had won wwi , there would be no wwii . 
  it would either have just simply not happened , or it would have been a conflict localized in europe with the french and british failing to achieve revenge against germany . 
  i enjoy hypotheticals . 
  yeah , that would have been even better . 
  sadly , i do n't know if there 's any course of events that averts that war . 
  it would require that the european nations do n't feel competitive toward one another , thereby averting an arms race and cascading tensions between them . 
  maybe the war could have happened earlier , or later , or maybe the war could have been shorter , but i do n't think in our world it could have been avoided altogether . 
  hitler never coming to power and instead the weimar republic stabilizing to become a robust democracy would have been better , yes . 
  but frankly , crazy thought here , maybe the absolute best outcome would have been germany winning ww1 . 
  well , ideally all the way to k\u00f6nigsberg so the soviets would n't steal it or prussia or pommern or schlesien , but that 's unrealistic . 
  i think if the allies really tried , they could have reached the oder . 
  of course that would have required hitler to throw all the troops east to hold off the russians as long as possible . 
  anyone who views the soviet rapist-soldiers as liberators is as deluded as the soviet citizens who viewed the nazis as liberators . 
  the only liberators were the western allies , and history would have been so much better if the west had pushed all the way to the oder . 
  now * that * would be a crazy turn of events . 
  imagine , unlikely though it is , that incontrovertible evidence came to light that the russians deliberately caused the plane to crash ? 
  it would be a category 6 shitstorm . 
  well , some dossiers are probably more extensive than others . 
  to be perfectly honest though , every intelligence agency in the world probably has a dossier on every major world leader .
