  offer them bonuses if they cooperate and penalties if they do n't . 
  only a fool would see that as a bad idea . 
  insults are the last refuge of someone with no arguments to make . 
  they will be if the eu threatens to cut all aid or subsidies or impose stricter travel laws for their citizens if they do n't cooperate . 
  edit : i realized i had a brain fart and forgot montenegro exists . 
  replace serbia with montenegro . 
  in the adriatic they 're not coming from turkey . 
  put them back ashore in serbia or albania or whatever and confiscate the boat . 
  edit : had a brain fart and forgot about montenegro . 
  replace serbia with montenegro above . 
  a contiguous , fortified , guarded and patrolled fence extending from the adriatic to the black sea is what 's needed . 
  and then buoys with sensors of various sorts on them anchored in the adriatic to alert and defend against crossing that way . 
  financed by the whole eu . 
  good to see that the government is starting to recognize reality , and not rose-tinted fantasy . 
  now let 's see if they actually have the spine to take decisive action , and not just vacillate uselessly . 
   what has europe become ? 
  spineless . 
  progress !, 
  keep it up , fellow germanic-language-speaker . 
  it should be repaired , fortified , expanded , and guarded . 
  not abandoned . 
  remember , nouns in german are always capitalized . 
  turkey is a safe country . 
  kind of a shame , really . 
  it 's an interesting collector 's item . 
  egypt is one of the most popular destinations for russians on holiday . 
  turkey is another major one . 
  i 'm more of the sort to automatically side against china . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  nope . 
  l\u00fcgenpresse was coined in ww1 . 
  learn your history before you spout bullshit . 
  oil price crash . 
  oh , i 'm not talking about being a refugee , i 'm just talking generally . 
  like if money was no object i 'd never be productive again and i 'd love it . 
  i 'm pretty sure if i did n't have to worry about money , i 'd quit my job in an instant and do nothing everyday except what i wanted . 
  before going to university , i was unemployed and out of school for almost a year . 
  best time of my life by far . 
  before going to university , i was unemployed and out of school for almost a year . 
  best time of my life by far . 
  malm\u00f6 seems like such a lovely city ... 
  do it . 
  a contiguous , fortified wall from the adriatic to the black sea would be excellent . 
  would you say it is more or less easy than pimpin ' ? 
  i 'm trying to plot my next career move . 
  for fucks sake . 
  hold the line , whatever it takes , and only allow through those that register at the border . 
  eventually . 
  but we can learn from china 's mistakes . 
  everyone knows the moon is just the back side of the sun !, 
  that 's a bit unrealistically large . 
  sure , why not ? 
  worked for china . 
  there should be a fortified , guarded fence from the adriatic to the black sea . 
  reality is politically incorrect . 
  not everyone opposed to mass migration is from / r/european . 
  my family did n't do shit , buddy . 
  i suppose it varies . 
  one-quarter of my family is originally from prussia and they are still not a fan of poles or russians after what they did . 
  should ask a prussian about the poles after 1950 . 
  they are less than amused . 
  i miss bismarck . 
  1871 best year of my life . 
  ca n't wait for hoi4 . 
  and then ca n't wait for kaiserreich mod . 
  culturally , definitely . 
  it is ignorant to suggest otherwise . 
  shut the fuck up with this tired ignorant broomstick bullshit . 
  russia to the urals is every bit as european as poland , ukraine , or belarus . 
  russia , to the urals , is undeniably european . 
  still wish byzantium had held off the turks in eastern anatolia . 
  a government 's chief priority is caring for its own citizens . 
  austria is definitely german . 
  i miss preu\u00dfen . 
  good . 
  governments need to put their own people first . 
  it originated during the great war , though . 
  close to 100 % . 
   that 's a very short-term solution what 's stopping them to come back increased border protection . 
   and how are you planning to send them back against their own will ? 
  chained to the seat in a train , if necessary . 
  and back to that camp they should be returned , if they break in illegally . 
  germany took 14 million * german * refugees . 
  you 're delusional if you think the culture the refugees originate from makes no difference . 
  yeah !, 
  i was just reading about the balkan wars and wishing i could have a dose of that myself !, 
  that 's a load of bollocks . 
  i use `` males '' for human males just as much as i use `` females '' for human females . 
  never seen anyone complain about saying males , but `` females '' is somehow * dehumanizing * ... 
  fear of potential pedophiles often is . 
  latin pls go, 
  regarding your last point , i generally think that austrians are still part of the german nation , even if not part of the german state . 
  i am too , but only by about half a year . 
  oh , by no means is afd my top choice . 
  i would n't vote for them . 
  what i want is a pro-eu , social-democratic party , in favor of european federalisation , a healthy social safety net , and broad personal freedoms , but opposed to mass illegal migration , and in favor of defending european borders with extreme vigor . 
  sadly , all anti-illegal-immigration parties seem to be right-wing . 
  wow , i 'd be astounded if afd broke the 5 % hurdle . 
  times are changing . 
  i never said it was simple .
