  okay then . 
  revise the refugee treaties . 
  1 ) no illegal immigrant is ever eligible for asylum . 
  period . 
  2 ) use eu funding to set up processing facilities at external borders . 
  applicants will be held there until their applications are accepted or rejected . 
  attempts to bypass these centers result in automatic rejection and a lifetime eu entry ban . 
  3 ) toughen up the requirements to be considered a refugee . 
  this , at least , is already in progress . 
  4 ) if accepted , refugees will be assigned to a member country according to population and wealth . 
  if they attempt to relocate to another country without permission , their refugee status is revoked and they are deported to their point of entry to the eu , with a lifetime ban on ever reentering . 
   so , you want germany to pay another 200 billion eur every year to greece ? 
  i do n't think that would be necessary . 
   do you seriously think forcing greece to keep all refugees is more efficient than letting germany handle it ? 
  greece has even worse public authorities . 
  i do n't believe for a moment that the migrants would keep coming in such numbers if the way north was blocked or made much , much more difficult . 
  sure , they 'd keep coming for a couple weeks or months and pile up , and yes , those times would be difficult and expensive , but when they realize they 're going no where , the migrants will stop coming in such numbers , and those already present will start turning back . 
  the initial blockage would be tough . 
  of that i have no doubt at all . 
  but the long-term benefits far outweigh the short-term costs . 
   because your definition requires someone to define what a safe country is before we can define what a refugee is ? 
  there are definitions of safe countries already . 
  i do n't see how that would pose a problem . 
   also , why should a refugee lose the right to live just because they passed through another country ? 
  they do n't lose the right to live . 
  but they should n't have the `` right '' to welfare-shop for the country that will subsidize them best . 
  they should reach the first safe country and sit tight until their home country is reasonably stable , and then go back home . 
  is it truly without issue ? 
  why is that without issue , while how to treat them * is * in issue ? 
  both are defined by treaties , correct ? 
  why should one be immune to dispute while another is n't ? 
  so ... you feel that treaties are n't necessarily perfect , correct ? 
  how do you feel about the dublin regulations ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  once you are safe , and then continue onwards due to economic reasons , you cease to be a refugee and become an illegal economic migrant . 
  unless they arrived in germany by plane direct from syria , every single illegal migrant is an economic migrant . 
  greece has borders that are unsealable unless you 're willing to let the boats sink . 
  seal the greek northern border , and give * no one * that comes into europe illegally asylum , no matter their ultimate origin . 
  german . 
  i view austrians as being germans , dutch as brothers , scandinavians as close cousins , and england as a somewhat more distant cousin . 
  i do n't understand why there are n't any political parties that are center-left , in favor of euro and increased eu integration , but in favor of vigorous defense of european borders and strict immigration policy . 
  such a party would have my vote . 
  i hate how clueless the average german is about nuclear power . 
  it literally has the lowest mortality rate of any form of electrical generation per unit of energy . 
  even wind and solar power kill more per unit of energy . 
  australia . 
  turkey is n't in a state of war . 
  defense is depth is the best sort . 
  really ? 
  they should leave the route back open , but the way forward closed . 
  but i suppose it would be hard to create one-way valves of that sort . 
  i imagine they wo n't prevent them from returning from whence they came . 
  make illegal entry as difficult and full of hardship as possible , and fewer will commit to it . 
  wcgw ? 
  no idea what that means . 
  anyway , my expectation is that once the migrants realize they are stuck , and will not be going forward , they 'll stop coming in such numbers , and those already present will return to turkey or their home country . 
  it will be glorious . 
  8500 years ago is pre-proto-indo-european . 
  is this a joke ? 
  yes , people still use google . 
  the overwhelming majority of people do . 
  what should she have done ? 
  burglaries are n't rapes . 
  suppose a woman is cornered . 
  she screams , but no one comes to help . 
  the man attacking her is much larger and stronger than she is . 
  she has no realistic prospect of fighting him off . 
  however , she happens to have a gun . 
  should she a ) shoot and possibly kill the man , or b ) simply let herself get raped ? 
  a person should be allowed to protect themselves by any means necessary from being raped or otherwise harmed , up to and including with lethal force . 
  i fail to see how that 's connected with the issue of german-americans . 
  how is this relevant ? 
   without turkey trnc wont survive . 
  good . 
  turks on cyprus are invaders . 
  no thanks . 
  picture them proportionally to their actual presence . 
  seriously , look in bbc or guardian or any other migrant-friendly paper , and the title picture is * always * a child or a woman . 
  if anything , we 're underrepresented !, 
  oh oh let 's play a fun game . 
  it 's an article about migrants ; will the header picture have children or elderly women ? 
  oh yes !, 
  of course !, 
  got ta hit those emotional manipulation buttons , despite women and children combined being fewer than a third of the illegals coming into europe . 
   and whiterights is racist . 
  no matter what / europe says . 
  could you clarify ? 
  do you mean the subreddit / r/whiterights or `` white rights '' as a concept ? 
  if you mean the former , i agree with you , but if you mean the latter , how is it any more racist than `` black rights '' or whatever ? 
  make it clear that anyone , no matter their point of origin , that enters europe illegally will not be getting asylum , and will be expelled at the first opportunity , and held in internment facilities until then . 
  yes , but islam is the most backwards major religion . 
  seriously , learn the background of this or shut the fuck up about broomsticks . 
  it 's worth talking about until it goes away . 
   immigrants might prefer their kids not hanging out danish kids . 
  not that there 's wrong with either viewpoint , but it 's something to keep in mind i 'm sorry , what ? 
  nothing wrong with immigrants wanting to avoid having their kids be near the natives ? 
  shit like this makes a vote for afd look more and more appealing by the day . 
  i wish cdu/csu would get their shit together and put someone in favor of strong borders on the ballot . 
  otherwise ... my vote is still in the air . 
  sure , but i do n't think anyone doubts that putin was still the real power during medvedev term .
