  the west did n't start this war . 
  doing nothing worked great in the 1930s . 
  i mean , sure , letting the nazis annex bohemia was a stain in the history books , but at least it assuaged hitler 's territorial ambitions and prevented war , right ? 
  i can think of a few hundred pretty good reasons . 
  it 's the blaze . 
  it 's like the conservative us version of rt. 
  disgraceful . 
  before i clicked the link , i had a little debate with myself whether the protesters would be neonazis or muslims . 
  unfortunately , i came to the wrong conclusion . 
  us is war-weary as all hell . 
  the last thing they want is a new one . 
  my colleague ( he 's american ) was supporting argentina , but mostly for his own survival because his wife is argentinian . 
  13 european nations out of 32 . 
  40.625 % of the countries in the world cup were from europe . 
  further , 18.75 % were from south america , 15.625 % were from africa , and 12.5 % each from asia ( including australia ) and north america . 
  what national anthem * is n't * nationalistic ? 
  and frankly i do n't think patriotism is always the horrible terrible thing people make it out to be . 
  it can be used for bad things , but it does n't automatically make it bad . 
  it can also be used for good . 
  it 's like , i do n't know , technology or science : they can be used for ill , but are n't inherently bad . 
  which , given its origin , is stupid . 
  deutschland \u00fcber alles means `` put aside your regional bullshit and work towards a unified nation '' . 
  it should be understood for what it really is : a peaceful phrase advocating unity and brotherhood . 
  yep . 
  these short sighted , selfish fools are a pain . 
  same idiots who want all nuclear gone , even though nuclear has the lowest pollution , lowest accidents , lowest fatalities of any power technology capable of outputting similar amounts of energy . 
  if it 's a choice between usa and russia ? 
  usa , every time , any day of the week , and twice on sunday . 
  and russian press freedom and independence day . 
  today 's opposite day . 
  well in any event , see you in the final !, 
  good luck tomorrow . 
  not to worry , i have faith in our dutch comrades . 
  happening status : it 's . 
  because you 're a rabid anti-german . 
  which goal was the dinner date ? 
  he 's rabidly anti-german . 
  similar to the nazi name calling after usa-de game, 
  there 's no way it 's already been two years ... 
  i felt like it just happened last fall . 
  the time flies ... 
   on the gripping hand i love you for this reference . 
  regarding the lee rigby incident , can i ask a question that 's been on my mind about it ? 
  why did n't any bystanders even try to intervene ? 
  like ... 
  i do n't know , run them over with their car ? 
  i know what a panzerfaust is . 
  it 's a light man-portable anti-armor weapon , presently used by the bundeswehr as the panzerfaust 3 , or pzf 3 for short . 
  again , what is your point ? 
  what does my username have to do with that ? 
  p ** w ** nzerfaust , by the way . 
  yep , franz ferdinand was comparatively progressive and forward-thinking for the time . 
  gavrilo princip should be reviled by all , but by the serbs especially . 
  i disagree . 
  history is shaped by conflict , and to pretend otherwise is to gravely misunderstand the human condition . 
  because ignoring history is a great idea , right ? 
  assuming you 're not using mobile : on the right side of the page , below the buttons that say `` unsubscribe '' etc. , you should see a checkbox that says `` show my flair on this subreddit . 
  it looks like : '' make sure that box has a checkmark in it . 
  and then below it your name with ( edit ) next to it , like so : bloodypeaceofutrecht ( edit ) click edit , pick your flag , be happy forever . 
  ps germans are nicer . 
  well , i think a first offense should be a fine . 
  a second , fine and community service . 
  a third , jail sentence . 
  beyond a third , steadily increasing jail sentences . 
  it has * three points * . 
  good . 
  anyone that preaches violent extremism should be refused entry , or deported ( unless they 're a citizen , in which case , a hefty fine for inciting violence ) . 
  the second . 
  europe does n't need the british negativity . 
  plus it 'll be entertaining to watch the british people painfully realize the economic consequences of their departure and start clamoring to come back . 
  really . 
  tell me how well the soviets would have done without 95 % of their logistical vehicles being supplied by the us . 
  hint : it involves panzers at the urals . 
  tell me how the us did n't provide the bulk of the forces against japan . 
  hint : they did . 
  ignorant fool . 
  a handy guide : if rt says it , the opposite is more likely to be true . 
  the point i was making was that just because an entity is a part of european politics does n't automatically make them european . 
  the arabs have been a part of european politics since the 8th century but no one would argue they are european . 
  did you call the us a third-world nation ? 
  because it 's not , by definition . 
  the definition of first-world nations are the us and its allies . 
  the definition of second-world is the ussr ( now russia ) and its allies . 
  the definition of third-world is non-aligned nations . 
  no one i 've ever met in germany would prefer russian troops to american . 
  even my girlfriend , a russian national , prefers american soldiers . 
  ramstein includes the largest us military hospital outside the continental us . 
  that 's what i think about when i think of ramstein . 
  i also think about significant contribution to the local economy , cultural exchange and building of trust between people of the two countries , and a guarantee of protection against foreign aggressors . 
  i 'm plenty happy having them . 
  yeah , european federation is the best name . 
  you 've got to be joking . 
  if poland was attacked the us would come rushing to your aid , same as any nato country . 
  they could have been charged with petty vandalism . 
  anything else is excessive . 
  did bacon kill 6 million muslims ? 
  someone seems butthurt . 
  agreed . 
  if literally harmless acts cause one such offense on behalf of one 's religion , maybe one should examine their own beliefs before lashing out . 
  oh my god , the butthurt in there is absolutely scrumptious .
