  i agree . 
  all german-speaking nations should be united under one banner . 
  and from then , all germanic-language-speaking nations . 
  can you imagine the economic and political power of a german-austrian-danish-swedish-norwegian-dutch-flemish-icelandic union ? 
  this is so dumb . 
  the game is based in a medieval europe-analogue . 
  of course there 's no `` pocs '' ( or `` pox '' for short ? 
  i agree . 
  i just laid out how best to deal with them . 
   now they must accept all refugees from there . 
  uhhh , no . 
  what we must do is intercept the boats , take off the migrants , sink or seize the boats , and drop the migrants off at the port they departed from . 
  they probably blew all their money on the first attempt , so they likely wo n't be trying a second crossing . 
  i do n't think russia will make the mistake of invading during winter again . 
  then clarify the difference . 
  drop them back off in the port they left from . 
  if that country is a dangerous hellhole ? 
  tough titties . 
  they should have thought of that . 
   irregular migrants new euphemism for illegal immigrants ? 
  are communists better than socialists ? 
  how about nazis ? 
  if one wishes to become a permanent resident of another country , one should be expected to adapt to the new country . 
  they 're welcome as long as they adopt german customs and speak german as their primary language . 
  if they fail to learn german within five years of arrival , they need to leave . 
  [ choo choo , the hype train is coming for you and it has no brakes . 
  that language is so ugly . 
  austria used to be way bigger , and had plenty of coastline on the adriatic . 
  they even controlled venice for quite some time , and venice is anything but landlocked . 
  wow . 
  xcom 2 , fallout 4 , sepp blatter resigning , and dr demodded , all in the last 48 hours ? 
  this is shaping up to be the best june ever !, 
  maybe it just is a bit more common in nordrhein-westfalen . 
  or maybe i 've just gotten lucky . 
  more like north austria , amirite, 
  i 've seen plenty . 
  what state are you in ? 
  keep on living in your fantasy land . 
  right , because it 's totally a choice . 
  this mentality is why i can not stand libertarians . 
  no wonder the arabs are always killing each other . 
  they ca n't just take a drink and mellow out !, 
  ew , go live in america as a poor person and get sick and see how you like private healthcare . 
  not difficult . 
  no kidding . 
  this terrifies me for my country 's future . 
  [ they sometimes are . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/11414736/migrant-ship-sinks-in-mediterranean-with-over-200-people-on-board.html ), 
  define important . 
  oh , you must be right . 
  wait ... wait , what 's this ? 
  [ armed migrant smugglers threatened italian coast guard ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/11414736/migrant-ship-sinks-in-mediterranean-with-over-200-people-on-board.html ) but ... 
  but how could that possibly be ? 
  after all , you just said they 'd never set foot on a boat ... 
  also good !, 
  we should call it the panther or tiger . 
  i look forward to the eu launching their military operation against the libyan smugglers . 
  here 's how i 'd like to see it done : 1 . 
  wait until a migrant vessel is en route . 
  intercept it , and take the migrants off . 
  arrest the smugglers . 
  if they refuse arrest , let them stay aboard their boats . 
  sink the boats . 
  with or without the smugglers still aboard . 
  return the migrants to the port they departed from . 
  rinse and repeat until a ) the smugglers realize it 's a hazard to their health and/or freedom or b ) there are no smugglers left alive and outside of prison . 
  is okay , swamp german , do not fight your true nature . 
  shame he converted . 
  i do . 
  i want two or three . 
  replacement rate reproduction is my goal . 
  i 'm sure she will be totally understanding of the `` joke '' if someone says `` kill all turkish women '' . 
  true , but there 's a common refrain that the poles were just reclaiming their territory , when in fact they were n't there for half as long as germans were . 
  preu\u00dfen , schlesien , pommern , posen , and elsa\u00df-lothringen . 
  good god no . 
  rather sell them to a country that china is presently bullying . 
  maybe france can cut vietnam a deal , as a patch on any old wounds from the indochina wars . 
  germans lived there longer than poles did . 
  there were germanic tribes on the vistula until they were displaced by slavs from the east in the 6 . 
  century , and then from the time it was retaken in the 13 . 
  century . 
  same . 
  every time this subject comes up , i go play victoria 2 , create greater germany , and yearn for what might have been . 
  yeah , honestly i wish she 'd 've won . 
  missed that . 
  seriously though , it 's terrible . 
  i 'd give von moltke the younger detailed instructions and information about the locations and dispositions of the allied armies during the 1914 offensive . 
  ... since when is june considered winter ? 
  barbarossa was launched june 22 , 1941 . 
  those are in jest , almost universally . 
  i doubt yours is . 
  i can !, 
  it was the one with the hot blonde that cried at the end . 
  i guess so . 
  what did your people do again ? 
  honestly it was completely forgettable . 
  i do n't even remember what sweden 's performance was . 
  they were completely forgettable . 
  glue .
