  here 's the thing , nato is currently a papertiger . 
  it works okay until a nuclear nation like russia or china actually dares to launch an offensive against its members . 
  5th article is intentionally left very ambiguous : '' ... if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , ** such action as it deems necessary ** , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . '', 
  notice how it does n't actually define what kind of help should be given . 
  it does n't actually guarantee the kind of protection that many of the members ( especially in eastern europe ) think it does . 
  lets be real here . 
  usa is n't going to start a war with russia for finland or any other country in the eastern europe . 
  they would n't have much to gain , but they would have everything to lose . 
  we will be on our own , nato or not . 
  `` he has previously torn down a statue intended to mark a tentative rapprochment between turkey and armenia , describing it as a `` freak '' , and claimed it is `` not possible for a muslim to commit genocide '' . '', 
  he must have read different newspapers , history books and quran than i have . 
  it actually took until 1992 ( ! ), 
  for the catholic church to admit that the earth revolves around the sun , not the other way around : http://www.nytimes.com/1992/10/31/world/after-350-years-vatican-says-galileo-was-right-it-moves.html it will take a `` while '' until they admit that it was just a gigantic hoax and a ponzi scheme from the start . 
  you have to understand the context though . 
  nordic countries ( and switzerland too , i think ? ), 
  have huge welfare programs to begin with . 
  the problem here is that in several scenarios it 's not even worth it to take a low-wage job , because you would lose all your benefits and earn less after travel fees etc. 
  even if you earned a little extra , is it worth working 40h weeks cleaning toilets when you could earn 50-150 $ less for doing nothing at all ? 
  so in fact , the goal is that it would always be worth it to work . 
  basic income would also make it easier to start a business and enable people to explore completely new and innovative ideas , that otherwise would be way too risky to take . 
  it 's also worth it to mention that not giving any `` free money '' is hardly a solution . 
  in us it was estimated that each homeless person costs taxpayers 40,000 $ / year . 
  and , just look at how much of the us population is currently in jail ... 
  i 'm not sure how good news that is for your country though . 
  it 's already pretty bad with that small majority he has . 
  if millions of seculars left turkey , would n't erdo\u011fan be able to pass everything he likes ? 
  or has this already kind of happened ? 
  so other foreign leaders send their condolences to victims of terrorist attacks in europe this week . 
  erdogan decides instead to call europe rotten and europeans nazis . 
  i think he 's trying to tell us which side he is on . 
  is n't that how gibraltar ended up in the hands of the uk in the first place ? 
  i do n't think there 's a single nation that has annexed more land than the british . 
  i feel bad for turks that make their living from tourism ( except erdogan supporters but i suppose they do n't want the money of `` euronazis '' anyway ) . 
  but i did n't say anything about opposing the sanctions . 
  and no putin is n't going to give it back , that was my entire point . 
  i was referring to politicians saying ( it 's in the title ) the sanctions will last `` until crimea is returned '' . 
  is there really some point in having sanctions that are clearly not working in place for the next , what ... 50 years ? 
  sanctions have n't improved the situation in places like cuba , iran and north korea either and those are much much smaller countries with much less influence . 
  russia poses little threat to finland currently . 
  we do not have a significant russian population and our relations in general are much better than most neighbors of russia . 
  could n't find a poll in your link but feel free to prove me wrong ( i do n't pretend to be an expert on this issue ) . 
  every poll i 've seen still backs up what i said and some of these polls were pre-2014 had no ties to russia . 
  i do understand that the situation is complicated , there 's probably some difference between different areas in crimea and i also understand why the tatar minority for example was opposed to joining russia . 
  again , i 'm not supporting what happened in crimea , many issues could 've been taken into consideration if the referendum would 've been held legally . 
  just giving my opinion that there 's not much that can be done about it . 
  everyone always says `` until crimea is returned '' but i 'm sure everyone knows that the chance of crimea being returned is close to zero . 
  we can agree that the referendum there was illegal under international law but at the same time , more than 80 % of the population there is russian and pretty much every poll you can find shows that the majority in crimea were and are in favor of joining russia . 
  it was already mentioned but rovio is nowhere near the biggest for finland anymore . 
  supercell is currently valued at over $ 10billion making it both the highest valued startup company in finland and [ actually in all of europe . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/jun/23/clash-of-clans-maker-supercell-becomes-europes-first-decacorn ), 
  nothing against tom of finland or lgbt per se , but i have to point out the irony in feminists wearing prints with objectified/oversexualized men in them and then complaining about objectification of women . 
  what 's the difference between erdogan and dog ? 
  as an atheist my ethics and moral code come out of genuine sympathy for my fellow human beings . 
  i hope you 're not really saying that the only thing keeping you from murdering and robbing people is fear of some imaginary dude punishing you for it . 
  i do n't understand why people worry about aging population . 
  why not worry about all the horrific consequences that we 've caused with our idiotic culture of infinite population & consumption growth on a planet with finite resources ? 
  thankfully europeans and in fact most nations on earth are now heading to the right direction . 
  there just needs to be more effort to get african nations on birth control instead of having unsustainable amounts of children . 
  otherwise there will be huge problems with increasing population , lack of education , educated people moving out , global warming , automation of low-skill work etc. 
  and all of these problems are going to bleed into europe and to some extent they already are . 
  just used that example to point out how governments get away with excuses that private individuals could never get away with . 
  just because other entities are doing something that 's clearly wrong ( but may benefit them ) does n't mean someone should n't be the force for change by ceasing to do it . 
  we would 've never gotten rid of slavery with this kind of mentality . 
  `` we will continue having slaves , because otherwise we wont be competitive enough with the countries that do '', 
   problem is , if we do n't provide the weapons , someone else will . 
  `` if i had not smuggled these drugs over the border , someone else would 've '', 
  except all male circumcision is * not * performed the same way . 
  many boys die as a result of circumcision complications every year . 
  some african cultures , as an example , still practice male circumcisions you could compare to worse forms of fgm . 
  just because you were circumcised safely ( like most males are ) does n't mean everyone is . 
  http://www.cirp.org/library/death/ https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/aug/25/male-circumcision-ceremonies-death-deformity-africa there are better and worse forms of circumcision for both men and women . 
  and of course , like always , people found a way to use this thread as a chance to attack on the politics or legitimity of israel . 
  it bothers me when people are quick to give their opinion on topics that they clearly know very little of . 
  the israel-palestine situation is not nearly as black and white as some of you think it is . 
  first of all , there really is no universal rule on who owns what land , anywhere . 
  how long does a population or a culture need live on a land before it becomes `` theirs '' and how long does a population need to be absent or minority in a land before they lose their right to that land ? 
  100 years ? 
  1000 years ? 
  you see , jews would make the claim that they lived in the area of modern israel for thousands of years , just the majority of them were driven out by roman empire . 
  they could note that the immigrants during the 19th century bought land completely legally from the owners of that land at the time ( ottomans/turks ) . 
  israel was founded with the support from un , certainly many nations have been founded on less fair terms . 
  some more religious folks could also mention that jews have just one tiny nation while muslims and christians have several ( it 's worth noting that most of that success is a result of centuries of bloody invasions ) . 
  palestinians would make the claim that since they have lived in the area for centuries , it is now theirs and we 're not gon na draw borders like they were thousands of years ago are we ? 
  and they also had the mandate from uk and un support for independent palestine . 
  in a nutshell : both nations have a legitimate case for their nation . 
  the conflict persists because both parties have different ideas on what land belongs to them and their own extremists that have time and time again ruined all attempts at a peace deal or resolution . 
  there 's been jews living in israel for much longer than majority of the population that you 're referring to as palestinians here . 
  snowden should stay the hell out of europe , since all the governments here are in the leash of the us . 
  it would n't matter if trump 's government starts opening concentration camps ... eu and un would just say some pretty words but take no action . 
  americans know they can get away with anything because they 're the one with most power . 
  eu and un have nearly no power , they just pretend they do . 
  in reality money always talks first . 
  that 's why we turn the blind eye to countries like saudi arabia and they 're much smaller than us . 
  if enough is n't done ( or can not be done ) for climate change , then i suspect northern europe will get huge waves of immigration not just from africa and middle-east but southern europe as well . 
  the accuracy of your statement depends on which russians we would compare to . 
  russians are not one ethnic group but a whole bunch of them . 
  it 's a huge country . 
  let us not be triggered but proud of our eastern ancestry . 
  microtransactions can be very profitable and are often abused ( especially by the big game companies ) but i think there 's a bit more to it than just greedy game companies . 
  often it just is n't profitable to release paid games , especially on mobile .
