funny that you mention south park , as it has now 2 `` first '' airings in germany . 
  one a day after the us in english with subs and one some time later dubbed . 
  that 's pretty much the only show i know that gets this treatment . 
  on the other hand i would like it if tv channels offer us the choice of ov and dubbed . 
  but only pay tv channels do that here , it probably has something to do with licensing . 
  maybe try r/germany instead . 
  i think it is a better place for questions like this . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrobz_hzzuc ) is the short version of the answer why it has special rights . 
  also the voting system is very interesting ( to say the least ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1ropikze-c, 
  you 've never been to east germany then . 
  here people will look at you like you have a deadly disease when you say `` viertel nach zehn '' . 
  also relevant video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv77cprt68c, 
  i have n't thought that luxembourg is bit enough for multiple stereotypes , but it seems i have been proven wrong . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmunbnpcosw&amp;t=48s pretty much sums it up . 
  there just following internet law : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin%27s_law ( or watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-t5xjbduzxi ), 
  or is it just fantasy ? 
  ( also surprised . 
  when did that happen ? ), 
  sounds about right . 
  appropriate song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uellmyna34u, 
  i do n't think so . 
  ireland and the uk have some extra agreements outside of the eu . 
  like the `` common travel area '' for border checks and visas . 
  find some cheapo airline to hungary and use trains within the country . 
  yes , 320 as the maximum working speed . 
  for the capable speed their testing train ice s once did 393 km/h ( do n't know if that is comparable to the 3 ) . 
   it is allowed to drive up to 300 km/h on german tracks . 
  and 320 km/h in france , which is the maximum top speed . 
  never knew that til, 
  fry sauce is just a fancy name for mayonnaise tbh, 
  what are we then ? 
  we have both at the same time . 
  nyc does n't have the website , but ... https://www.nydailynews.com/amp/new-york/nypd-vehicles-feature-twitter-logo-precents-handle-article-1.2177105, 
  wait , does that mean she is now on a literal mission from god ? 
  how are the relations with bosnia and herzegovina though ? 
  if there not so bad i would have thought what we call a `` customs free road '' ( a road built and controlled by croatia through bosnia ) would be the cheaper option . 
  switzerland has multiple ones of these . 
  one with germany and two with france ( one from switzerland to mulhouse airport and one from france to geneva airport ) . 
  of course you 'd have to do a deal with bosnia and compensate them in some form . 
  germany for example , but here every driver already had to register as a taxi . 
  and because of that it is berlin and munich only . 
  yes . 
  they returned after 2010 . 
  yeah , but r/turkey is n't equal to all citizens of turkey . 
  no country subreddit is a perfect representation of that country 's population . 
  that 's the subreddit for you / r/mapswithnz, 
  what about bunq ? 
  essentially the same as n26 but from the netherlands . 
  https://www.bunq.com/ edit : sadly none of these banks seem to have a list of countries they offer their services in . 
  as somebody who grew up in saxony-anhalt and now lives in mecklenburg-vorpommern i can confirm . 
  it slows down to 64 kbit/s ( aka offline ) , but i wo n't be charged extra . 
  data is at maximum 50 mbit/s . 
  in the real world i score around 10-20 on 3g and 20-50 on 4g dependent on the load . 
  i 'll pay 14 $ for unlimited text and talk and 3gb of data . 
  it includes roaming in the eu and no limitation on tethering . 
  it is on a pay monthly basis , but i can cancel any month i like . 
  i 'd add deutschland 83 to that list . 
  sadly it tanked with the german audience because it was shown by rtl ( the worst channel for a show like that ), 
  that 's not 100 % correct . 
  the us has aldi owned by aldi s\u00fcd and trader joe 's owned by aldi nord . 
  well i have to pay for our public broadcasters ( but that pretty much is a given ) . 
  otherwise i get the channels you get for free . 
  what is comparable to basic cable in the us is available for free on satellite here and often rents for apartments include basic cable . 
  the internet made pay tv very uninteresting if you are n't interested in football ( soccer for you americans ), 
  that link , just leads me to my own uploaded videos, 
  bbc and itv actually ( although itv 's logo simply does n't fit for a serious news broadcast ), 
  yup . 
  only cologne-frankfurt , ingolstadt-nuremberg and leipzig-erfurt are built for 300 ( with erfurt-nuremberg being opened at the end of this year ) . 
  also the new ice4 only can do 250 km/h , but not for a downgrade . 
  it is to replace the old ice1 and ice2 trains who only can do 250 anyway , so everything is roughly staying the same . 
  and yes also because of price . 
  well i said i 'd swap the high speed infrastructure . 
  the rest would stay the same of course . 
  i rather would take the french one . 
  more high speed lines in total and higher speeds ( 320 km/h vs 300 km/h ), 
  iplayer is pretty much the only reason i pay for a fast uk vpn, 
  `` mezzomix '' is only sold in switzerland and austria as well . 
  and i think for a short time in finnland . 
  because switzerland is still a special case , even though they are part of the shengen area . 
  meaning they have free movement of people , but not free movement of goods . 
  that means that lorries for example still always have to stop at the swiss border and every body else if you have something to declare customs for . 
  and of course they do pick people out to control for undeclared goods randomly . 
  merkel once said in one of her speeches `` the internet is a new territory for all of us . '', 
  that was in 2013 and since then the phrase `` new terretory/new land '' became the meme for the older generation having no clue hoe the internet works and that we are lacking in the it department a bit . 
  rivella from switzerland as the drink and as food d\u00f6ner if that counts as european, 
  well here we use it as a sms replacement , because here every data plan is technically unlimited ( you get a certain amount of high speed data and then throttled to very very slow , but it is still enough for whatsapp ) . 
  while unlimited texting is n't that common here and often plans only include texting to your network and not others . 
  and when a european ( or any one from outside the us ) is in the us and asks you if you got whatsapp he is doing you a favour . 
  not because he would avoid horrendous roaming charges by using wifi , but for you to avoid international charges as well . 
  you see when you have unlimited texting that only means unlimited texting to us numbers ( with the exception of t-mobile out of the big 4 who do include unlimited international texting ) . 
  if you text a number from outside the us you pay the international rates even if the person is currently in the us . 
  and the big 4 charge about 20ct a text ( again with the exeption of t-mobile ) or about 2 $ a minute for a call if you do n't have some international add-on . 
   danish will make the food and beer danish will make the food and go to germany getting our beer ftfy, 
  well , that 's probably because you get tough be in english class but then you snap up the american portion from films and tv you may watch in english . 
  and you end up with a mix of both . 
  it is funny because you can sort of guess what the person has been watching based on their accent . 
  i watch a lot of british tv ( top gear , doctor , who , sherlock , qi , 10 out of 8 cats , would i lie to you , just to name a few ) so i 've got told i sound very british , while other go full on yank because they watch mostly american stuff . 
  spelling though is mostly british . 
  most people i know set the spell checking on their pc to english ( uk ) and most of us also write colour with a u. 
  basically after wwii they said we should have a colour change .
