oh man , apologies for misunderstanding !, 
  textual communication and all that, 
   they are regions of the same country , ireland . 
  a country that belongs to the united kingdom . 
  the northern region , like scotland , has aspirations to leave the united kingdom . 
   so , it is very confusing being told that a member country of the united kingdom would use a different currency to the rest of the union , and top of that , that it would be only the southern part of that country that insists on using a different currency . 
  * what ? 
  * oh my god dude , you 're just as bad as the anchorman, 
  excuse him , he 's french . 
  the english language is beneath him, 
  you 're getting terms mixed up yourself , a weeaboo is someone obsessed with japanese culture through anime and manga comics . 
  pfff , as if elizabeth would ever leave the throne . 
  she 's immortal . 
  she 'll be our queen forever . 
  or the logo for [ a north american transport company ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boltbus ) . 
  i love how the video ended on that phrase . 
  perfect timing on part of the uploader . 
   bringing politics into a performance competition that is literally what eurovision is - it is all politics . 
  everyone gives votes to their friends . 
  subsequently , uk comes last . 
  rip ukraine, 
  i assume this is down to the cold war . 
  how do germans feel about bonn now ? 
  how can we ban propaganda bullshit ? 
  you say it like it 's possible not to have propaganda in anything, 
  these two examples you 've provided are n't exactly elements of fascism . 
  even so , when did these two incidents occur ? 
  got any sources ? 
  can you actually give evidence that svoboda is a fascist party ? 
  when did they claim they were a fascist party ? 
  i swear this post was posted a few weeks ago , with the same exact ridiculous title . 
  his mother 's been informed . 
  erik has been grounded . 
  merkel has spoken to putin on the phone . 
  hollande , who the fuck knows, 
  yeltsin was drunk most of the time though, 
  i love that shifty stare one . 
  `` they must never know it was me who did this '' . 
  donate your sperm every possible chance you can . 
  spawn a million children . 
  prove these statistics you are a strong , independent german-italian who do n't need no contraception . 
  oh no man , hitler 's still there . 
  he 's still alive , in each one of us . 
  we 've all got a little piece of hitler in our souls, 
  hey , someone has to pick the italians . 
  next time , it 'll be us . 
  i view italy as akin to russia , but warm . 
  beautiful country , very scenic , the architecture is very pretty but the political scene is quite shady . 
  italians invented a lot of food and created terrific art . 
  fascism was also invented in italy . 
  much like germany , it was reunified from a group of city-states - my historical knowledge is n't so great on italian city-states but they were all once part of the holy roman empire . 
  getting downvotes . 
  perhaps somebody would like to fill in on how italy 's military has actually proven beneficial in a war . 
  okay , confirmed troll . 
  just look at their capital - warsaw . 
  * war * saw . 
  and even the saw is a violent , sharp blade !, 
  those poles , man , i think we 've been looking at 20th century through the wrong eyes . 
  my friend went to india . 
  he had to go to the toilet not long after . 
  it 's an inevitability . 
  a hurdle you have to cross before your body is ready . 
  you never cope with the overpopulation though . 
  there are far too many people in india and i 've never known why . 
  same about the chinese , of course . 
  and your state 's flag is crazy . 
  looks like an optical illusion . 
  i would buy it if it did n't make me nauseous , lol . 
  something will . 
  and you will be there in tokyo for the olympics in 2020 . 
  you 'll see a japanese girl a few weeks from now , and she will hand you one plane ticket to tokyo , seemingly out of the blue . 
  you must take up the offer , you must go on the plane and you must fly to tokyo . 
  by this time tokyo will be a complete wreck , destroyed from the parties of the citizens in reaction to their newfound hosting role . 
  pick up one packet of crisps . 
  pick up another . 
  clean up the streets and leave them as fresh as you possibly can . 
  i guarantee that someone will notice . 
  that person will be me . 
  i will get you deported from japan asap and you will be forced back into your old spanish life , hopes dashed completely . 
  just under 7 years later , before the olympic games in tokyo commence , you will be heading there on holiday to watch it all unfold live . 
  i will be the torch-bearer . 
  greek ? 
  looks like an all-nighter is in store for me, 
  ** now ** it 's war . 
  time to defeat and eliminate the evil spanish menace from our continent . 
  who 's with us ? 
  you surrendered once and it was to the biggest war machine of the 20th century . 
  we would have done the exact same if there were n't a channel separating us . 
  the joke will die out eventually ... 
  they 're our enemies but in a playful way . 
  constant banter exchanged back and forth but we love them dearly and ^ perhaps ^ maybe ^ ^ i ^ ^ h-hope they love us just as much back . 
  there is one positive to being northern irish : you can repeat much of this same post next week with minimal effort for more reddit points . 
  tell your immigration team to add that to their dusty list of positives . 
  i 'm taking the piss but all i really want for you is a quick and safe escape , my friend . 
  best of luck . 
   very friendly , open people . 
   high suicide rate . 
  welp, 
  silly season , more like . 
  bullshit like this is big news because nothing ever happens in august,
