  is your leader painfully awkward , greatest ally ? 
  that may be so but i 've always judged the relationship between brits and germans to be one of the strongest in the world . 
  we 're brothers !, 
  always fighting over who 's better at football . 
  perhaps the author mistook our banter towards your country 's fascist period for actual negativity . 
  please do n't think we actually hate or resent you , that is very far from the truth . 
  who are these people ?!, 
  oldies who still remember the war ? 
  those types usually count england above britain . 
  the image should really use the english flag exclusively but hey , it 's clear enough in its communication . 
  [ this image depicts it fairly well ] ( http://i.imgur.com/trtzev8.jpg ) . 
  i 've heard that the common english tourist who ventures to sunny resorts in spain , portugal etc is viewed as arrogant , disrespectful , brash and almost always drunk . 
  you guys probably know ` chavs ' already ... 
  invade and annex them now , they are truly far from the viking warriors of old, 
  nailed it with the edit . 
  guy named michael foot was put in charge of a support committee on nuclear disarmament . 
  if only this article was about italy 's first gay minister instead . 
  it could 've been the world 's greatest piece of wordplay since ` foot heads arms body ' . 
  at the end of the day you 'll still be a human being , homo . 
  blaze it, 
  * ssh just come . 
  * it 's not like you really need porn . 
  ca n't wait for that joke to finally die out, 
  measuring 3.8 euphorias on the fedorametre . 
  alternative title : * how german sounds to those whose only exposure to german has been through adolf hitler speeches *, 
  that german coastguard video is absolutely classic, 
  because merkel and putin are warmongers and the world is gripping itself for another war, 
  where are you from ? 
  how many ticking time bombs for europe have there been now ? 
  six ? 
  what has the ivory coast ever done to these guys ? 
  such mindless barbarism . 
  there should be a letter sent , post-haste . 
  hello friends . 
  my name is charles spyington and i enjoy setting off bombs and causing general chaos for the authorities . 
  who else here is also interested in creating trouble ? 
  please pm me for more information and a date and place to meet up . 
  first comic not to make me laugh but instead feel sad . 
  his expectations ... 
  french presidents ? 
  the french have been less inclined to the united states on the whole . 
   we have faith in our democracy and that when we vote we wo n't be cheated by a dictator , so we do n't need to protest like you see in other countries most people i know lost faith in our government years ago . 
  then again , i live in the north . 
  it 's always seemed like voting for the shiniest of two turds . 
  you 've stumped me slightly as the united states would never willingly accept a loss of power unless it collapses just as the ussr did , but i 'll still try to theorise how the united states would dissolve its influence and what it would mean for both itself and europe . 
  so the special relationship is severed , and the uk is now acting completely independently and in its own sole interests . 
  intelligence links are toned down . 
  classified information is kept classified to each individual country . 
  this includes classified information about terrorists , and other threats . 
  the uk is no longer at such a danger as it is now , as it is no longer a good ally with the us . 
  i mentioned previously that troops would be pulled out of the middle east completely . 
  there would no longer be any motivation by al-qaeda to attack our country . 
  the only terrorist threats would be from lone wolves , whom the uk intelligence can easily keep a track of even without the illegal methods us agents employ . 
  let 's say that the us reacts to this in a negative way - they need to keep track of our citizenry just in case a suspected terrorist resides in our country just as the 9/11 hijackers resided in germany for a brief time . 
  they will need to share their relevant intelligence which clearly points out the alleged terrorist and clearly designates how they suspect he is a terrorist if they want to continue an operation in the uk . 
  our intelligence agents will then help them , if they abide to our rules . 
  they must abide if they want to follow the suspect - the threat of being thrown out and losing a suspect will keep them on track . 
  but what if they break our rules , we cancel the operation , the united states is attacked and it 's the guy they had been following in the uk ? 
  of course , a major diplomatic incident would ensue . 
  but we 'll tell them that they did not follow our practices in our own country , which is not an american client state ; that is the hard-line stance we 'll take . 
  the us will grow further agitated , and threaten war if we do not allow them to use our own intelligence with the freedom they had beforehand . 
  war will break out , they 'll land a few nukes at us , we 'll nuke them back with our submarines but it wo n't be enough to return the damage and what is left of the uk is conquered by american forces . 
  the mere idea of a nato-less europe is shot down and the rest of europe keeps quiet lest they get annihilated by the same great fist that shook the british isles . 
  i tried to cover all bases with the scenarios , and you 'll note how it gets worse each time . 
  considering how the us would want to preserve its reputation , it would n't * actually * nuke and conquer another country much beloved by its own citizenry . 
  i can not say how the us would react to a severing of the special relationship because that is an absolutely unprecedented idea and because it 's 1am currently . 
  outside of the difficult quagmire regarding the special relationship , let 's say that the proposal is put forward for nato to be dissolved . 
  * ** america requests for a new pact in return which preserves their bases ( military , air , missiles , etc ) on european soil so they still hold strategic positioning . 
  ** accept as a compromise , but with a tax on imported goods so it still provides a benefit . 
  if america ever gets attacked by russia or another non-eu nation ( far-fetched , but let 's accept all possibilities ) , they can attack the aggressor through any routes they wish and it would be up to each individual nations if they would like to join the us . 
  they will not be forced by treaty . 
  * ** america denies the proposal completely and refuses to sign it . 
  ** establish better trading relationships with upstart superpowers brazil and india so we can survive a hit to our economies with a limited us trade relationship . 
  put forward the proposal again . 
  if they refuse it again , threaten to impose an embargo which would greatly hurt their economy ( sounds laughable now , but as a united continent we would be as powerful as the us ) . 
  ` note : would like to thank you for posing a good question ( the matter of the special relationship ) and giving me something to work out . `, 
  we wo n't attempt to ` force our will ' onto the us . 
  this is total separation - they do their own thing , we do ours . 
  perhaps at a united nations level , yes , we could try to advise them on matters and they could advise us . 
  on war of drugs :  and we 've been doing that . 
  you guys and the netherlands are the only guys who 've legalised pot . 
  it 'll very likely not happen elsewhere even with the evidence you portuguese and the dutch are continually showing , which is that drugs do n't cause society to collapse . 
   err . . that 's a bit too much idealism imo . 
  the eu still has pretty stupid shit like its trade barriers , the strasbourg parliament , cap and cfp , among other things , so while issues like these are n't dealt with , it will be quite hard to support the eu . 
  all domestic issues which can be worked on in eu-wide referendum votes . 
  countries can leave if they desire , though only if they can support themselves ( of course ) . 
  give me some idea as to what you are thinking . 
  are you imagining some kind of conflict scenario ? 
  of course , the days of the british empire are over , so no sea-faring adventures . 
  i would envisage pulling out of the middle east , strengthening ties with our european allies ( joining the schengen area , for example ) , reducing military spending and instead concentrating on building the economy and our culture , which is lacking just slightly as americanisation creeps in through our media . 
  this entails more spending on art , literature , technology . 
  there wo n't be a complete embargo on american goods and culture , but we should attempt to reach their level if not as the uk in this case but as europe . 
  the united states has steered the united kingdom into wars which have sapped both our resources . 
  it is extremely clear which side of the special relationship is steering the boat - the uk has barely any say in shared strategy between the two countries . 
  our country is a lackey , sucking up to the us even as it is starting to crumble into its own paranoia and distrust . 
  it was already clear we were usurped as a superpower when the suez crisis occurred . 
  but even now , with nato still in existence even though its eastern counterpart ( warsaw pact ) collapsed over two decades ago , we are just as limited and dominated as we were during the cold war . 
  what needs to happen is a move away from the cold war mode of politics , at long last , and a more individual mission for the country where the uk is the number one concern and not `` will the americans allow it '' . 
  if we can play for ourselves and no one else , we can actually progress . 
  until then , it 's simply the united states and how they are progressing , which is perhaps * in reverse * if you judge the past 11 and a half years as an indicator .
