  our country , like many others , was built on bloodshed and prospered on bloodshed . 
  but still we acknowledge the good that our kings and queens did , neverming how many they killed . 
  we 've had many kings that were far far worse than salazar . 
  but they belong to the past and nobody has connections to that bit of history anymore , and when we talk about them the emotion is gone and we can see more clearly . 
  he was an intelligent and accomplished person in his field , he was a patriot and a hard line catholic . 
  [ this was his idea of the ideal family ] ( https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-zqkyedsivca/vxtnexxzeki/aaaaaaaaopc/e1gdvfe2vis-8s3qxqs-sw53kmdefblqaclcb/s1600/l2.jpg ) , on the top right it reads : `` the lesson of salazar '' and in the bottom left : `` god , fatherland , family : the trilogy of national education . '', 
  so you 're starting to get the picture of the sort of person he was . 
  he kept portugal out of ww2 , something he is rightfully credited with , by playing and appeasing both sides . 
  we let the allies use the lajes air base in the azores ( under threat of a hostile take over instead ) and traded tungsten to the germans which was used for ammunition . 
  theres is no question that this was a good thing for the country . 
  he also got portugal out of a serious economic tight spot , however the way he did it was questionable as rationing was prevalent and there was an infamous need of a permit to carry a lighter . 
  freedom was very limited , public displays of affection were punished with fines and large gatherings were forbidden . 
  political dissent was punished with prison and exile , a case or other where a political opponent was assassinated , it was a dictatorship so nothing new there . 
  the colonies were denied independence and the regime strongly pushed the idea of the massive size of portugal and its overseas holdings as propaganda . 
  the fact that there was no talks about a slow move towards independence like in some british colonies eventually led to the war of the ultramar which ended with a [ peaceful ] ( http://www.grupoescolar.com/galeria/fotos/9f9dc.jpg ) military coup ( after salazar was long removed from power ) on the 25th of april of 1974 aptly denominated as the carnation revolution . 
  after the war the portuguese citizens were expelled from the colonies and returned to portugal itself leading to a crisis due to the massibe influx of people . 
  he had a stroke and fell of a chair incapacitating him , they let him believe he was still running the country for a bit and then made it official . 
  this happened not that long ago and a lot of what i know was told to me by my family members , and when i talk about this sort of stuff i count myself lucky that i can speak my mind without having to look over my sholder . 
  in sum salazar benefitted the country somewhat by saving it from war and fixing the economy ( through questionable means ) , but to do this he sacrificed the freedom of his people , kept them in poverty , isolated from the world that was n't portugal and in the end lost the empire anyway . 
  he certainly was n't evil , and he wanted the best for his country but he is somene who hurt a lot of people , caused a lot of suffering and is in no way someone anyone should look up to . 
  after capturing a merchant ship supposedly belonging to a wealthy indian lord from calicut instead of puting the ship and the pilgrims returning from mecca up for ransom he instead beggan transferring the cargo over to the portuguese ships and then set the ship on fire with all the pilgrims locked in the hold . 
  supposedly it took days to sink completely and any survivors were speared by portuguese soldiers on longboats . 
  estimates say that around 300 people died , this was done as vengeance for the massacre of calicut , in the end though the ship apparently belonged to the sultan of egypt anyway . 
  this is from wikipedia as its far more detailed than my memory : bombardment of calicut edit october 25 , 1502 - fleet departs cannanore . 
  chroniclers differ a little on the subsequent sequence of events . 
  while still in cannanore , gama had sent pedro afonso de aguiar to calicut in advance , with the warning that he had come to settle scores for the mistreatment of cabral and to get compensation for the overruning of the calicut factory in 1500 . 
  in response , the zamorin of calicut sent back a string of messengers to cannanore ( and along the way to calicut ) , each delivering promises that the zamorin was willing to settle matters with gama , and compensate the portuguese for the loss of their factory goods . 
  on the other hand , gama also receives a message from gon\u00e7alo gil barbosa , the portuguese crown factor in cochin , warning him that it was all a tactical ruse , that the zamorin of calicut had also dispatched a circular letter to all the lords of the malabar coast instructing them to close their ports and markets to the portuguese . 
  october 29 , 1502 - gama 's large armada finally arrives before the harbor of calicut ( calecute , kozhikode ) . 
  the zamorin dispatches an emissary , a brahmin ( dressed as a christian friar ) on a boat to gama . 
  the brahmin reports that the zamorin had arrested twelve of those responsible for the 1500 riot , and offers a peace and friendship treaty and the opening of a discussion of the restoration of the trade goods seized from the portuguese factory , albeit noting that the zamorin has also suffered property damages from portuguese actions and that he intends to deduct it from the final account . 
  gama is angered , feeling that the zamorin has changed his tone from his earlier messages , and demands the property taken from the factory be restored in full and brought to his ship , and that all muslim merchants must be expelled from the calicut , before any discussion about a treaty begins . 
  while awaiting the zamorin 's reply , gama seizes a nearby idling zambuq and some fishing boats that had unwisely ventured into calicut harbor , taking some fifty fisherman captive . 
  this action evidently angers the zamorin , who sends a stern reply to gama , noting that gama had already taken severalfold times more property from calicut ships , and slaughtered ten times more of his citizens ( on the miri , etc. ), 
  than the portuguese lost in the 1500 riot . 
  despite being the net sufferer and the clamor of his citizens for revenge , the zamorin is prepared to forgive and forget and start anew . 
  the zamorin also replies that calicut is a free port and he has no intention of expelling ` the moors ' . 
  moreover , the zamorin orders gama to release his ` hostages ' , that he will not subject himself to negotiation conditions and that if gama is unhappy with his offer , then he should leave calicut harbor at once , for the zamorin has not given him permission to anchor there , or at any other port in india . 
  october 31 , 1502 - infuriated by the reply , gama sends out a strongly worded ultimatum , declaring that the zamorin 's permission means nothing to him , that he has until noon the next day to deliver the portuguese factory goods to his ship . 
  gama uses this overnight interlude to send his boats out to sound the harbor of calicut to find optimal firing positions . 
  that same night , calicut forces set about frantically digging entrenchments , erecting a protective timber palisade and laying cannon along the harbor shore . 
  november 1 , 1502 - at noon , having received no reply , gama orders that his malabari prisoners be strung up by their necks from the shipmasts , allocating a few to each ship . 
  calicut crowds approach the beach to watch the grisly spectacle . 
  then the armada advances into the harbor and opens fire . 
  the bombardment is principally aimed at clearing the beach and trenches . 
  the malabari shore cannons are too few , their range and power too weak , to provide an effective reply . 
  the bombardment continues until nightfall . 
  that night , the corpses of the hung malabaris are taken from masts , their feet and hands severed off and sent by a small boat to the beach , with an insulting message to the zamorin , including a demand that the zamorin reimburse the portuguese for the powder and shot expended on destroying his city . 
  november 2 , 1502 - the city bombardment resumes the next morning . 
  the mostly poor dwellings on the shore having been razed the previous day , the portuguese cannons now have a clear view of central city and the statelier homes of the richer citizens of calicut and bring their larger ordnance to bear . 
  the city is relentlessly bombarded all morning - some 400 large rounds and an indeterminate number from the smaller caliber guns . 
  at noon , when the portuguese pause for lunch , a small group of malabari vessels tries to attack the idling squad , but are quickly seen off . 
  november 3 , 1502 - barros reports that the two-day bombardment had sufficiently crippled the city that several of the captains urge gama to authorize a landing of troops to sack calicut . 
  but gama , still hopeful the zamorin might come to terms , turns down their request , believing a sack would only escalate matters to the point of no return . 
  so , the next morning , vengeance satisfied , gama sets sail out of calicut harbor . 
  [ in his somewhat different account , gaspar correia does not report the hanging of the prisoners ; instead , after the bombardment , while still anchored before the harbor of the smoldering city , the 4th armada captures a coromandel merchant convoy of 2 large ships and 27 small boats unlucky enough to turn up at calicut at that very moment . 
  seizing the convoy , gama orders the cargoes transferred , the crews tied , their teeth beaten out , their noses and hands cut off and the ships set alight . 
  the brahmin emissary ( still being held by the portuguese ) is sent back to shore with a bag full of severed hands and a note for the zamorin telling him to `` make a curry out of them '' . 
  the violent treatment meted out by vasco da gama sends shockwaves throughout the malabar coast . 
  merchant ships in indian ports hurriedly leave the area or go into concealment . 
  all shipping along the coast essentially freezes . 
  ------ there 's also the story of when he declares a messanger to be a spy and cut of his nose and ears and sewed on a pair of dog ears and a snout as a replacement and sent him back . 
  supposedly he was also a pirate or a corsair before his `` break out role '' . 
  the portuguese presence in the indian ocean in general can be described as one of the great historical dick moves and a mass scale protection racket . 
  there 's some more neat stories about vasco da gama in his wikipedia article if you 'd like to take a look at those too . 
  maybe vasco da gama , he was a bit of a dick, 
  not so well regarded in portugal because of the whole invasion thing, 
  how 's the 18th century ? 
  spain or italy , i really appreciate the shared cultural elements of the southern european cultures . 
  plus , ca n't give up the great beaches and weather . 
  i think you 'd lose a lot of your time travelling and then being so tired because of it that you would n't enjoy the place you would be in as much . 
  i 'd advise sticking to one or maybe two countries that border each other and make the most of it . 
  i 'd like to see an european federation some day . 
  a single country ? 
  that tier idea sounds like it 'd piss off southern and eastern europeans while also being less efficient than using english, 
  literally , are you sure ? 
  denmark and portugal are two examples of the opposite that first come to mind . 
  i 'm sure there 's more true nation states . 
  oh yeaaah , completely forgot about those, 
  they 're nonexistent , thankfully, 
  i think one way or another its time for the american empire to end, 
  we have one for the copper ( ? ), 
  coins , `` pretas '' ( blacks ) . 
  because the older ones always have a dark patina, 
  on par, 
  i have a stove top deep frier , its aight . 
  i live in a city , i see them every time i got past the centre . 
  sometimes when they 're patrolling . 
  i know of them but i do n't see then anywhere else but on the internet , i do n't hang out with kids or teens so i might not be the best source . 
  we do n't have a significant amount of filipinos here , so i do n't believe there is any general opinion regarding them . 
  as for other asians , if you see an asian person that is n't a tourist you can safely assume they 're chinese as they are by far the largest asian minority . 
  overall i 'd say the opinion on them would be neutral , they tend to be regarded as hard working and smart but there 's also some very nasty rumours ... 
  kill - spain marry - galicia fuck - luxembourg ( ? ), 
  only if i was at risk of dying from hunger, 
  yes ? 
  if they 've moved here from another country of course they 're immigrants, 
  the bread, 
  tree fiddy ya know, 
  they can be nice if you pay more than 3,50 for them, 
  why not ?
