  they are very gorgeous , true, 
  i did n't compare the estado novo with the nazis , i compared the type of joke , in my other comments i actively refrained from comparing the two regimes to each other . 
  i know well both sides of the scale , they were taught to me in school years ago and i 've made my own research since . 
  it seemed self evident to me that i was n't condemning reasonable comments , and i did say some not many or all , so i hope it would be clear enough . 
  i fermilly believe that if you look with an open mind and with empathy you can find good in the things that are at first sight overwhelmingly negative . 
  you do n't have to look too deep to find the silver lining of the regime . 
  however these good aspects so not out weigh the rest , salazar does not deserve adoration , mearly recognition . 
  again , my comment was against the former . 
  i 'm sorry if i expressed my feelings in a convoluted way, 
  from my other comment that answered something similar : if you 're a man you have at least a change of fighting back if it 's one to one , given that the average man is stronger than the average women it makes since that women would be more afraid at night . 
  either way , the statistics were on the feeling of safety not who 's in the most danger when walking at night . 
  another commenter has put it well : `` the difference is perception ; i , as a woman , especially considering i 'm shorter than average but even if that was n't the case , know that if i ever got attacked by someone there would be very little chance of me fighting them off ... as such that will always influence your thoughts , even if you know the chances of you being attacked are absolutely tiny , there is always the chance and i 'm not even the type that worries too much about that sort of thing , i tend to go out quite often on weekends and such but the thought is always still there . 
  i can guarantee that the vast vast majority of women feel the same way . 
  whereas i bet a lot more men are more confident at being able to fight back should something happen , even if they 've no idea whether that 's true or not . 
  and this map is all about perception in the end . '', 
  ___ i 'm sorry i 'm not answering with something new to you , i 'm just tired of talking about this after so many answers, 
  nothing should be exempt from criticism , ever , no matter how sacro-saint it might be . 
  thankfully in the present we 're not thrown into prison for criticising the state . 
  i do recognise the few good things that came out of the estado novo , however they do not wipe the record clean . 
   95 % + of our territory it 's now clear what sort of person i 'm talking to . 
  no matter that though , the colonies were going to be free eventually the colonial war was unwinnable . 
  if anything the blame of what happened after the independence of the colonies falls on the estado novo which refused to give in and hanged on to the colonies by tooth and nail . 
  had a process of controlled independence started earlier the likelihood of civil war and expulsion of portuguese citizens from the colonies would certainly be much lower . 
  when the revolution popped the time for that was far gone and there was no chance of it after such a long time and such a bloody war . 
   when the dust has settled , history will remember salazar as a man that succeeded in his work of national restoration and defense of portugal , and the third republic as the most embarrassing page in portuguese history . 
  i can hardly predict how history in the far future will remember salazar but i think the third republic will be hard pressed to beat even the first republic in terms of embarrassment , never mind the ultimatum , the invasion of morocco or the escape to brazil . 
  ----- i 'm very glad that it 's possible for us to have this conversation though , and i 'd gladly fight for the ability for you ( and everyone else ) to say what you do even though i may disagree . 
  were we having this conversation in the 24th of april of 1974 however , you 'd be talking to yourself . 
  you know , me and my friends usually meme about the good old days of salazar and `` if salazar was alive this and that '' . 
  all the while knowing the wrongs he did and the oppressive regime he led , no different than nazi jokes for example . 
  reading some of these comments though ... it 's a bit sad that there are some people that actually think that way , and given that this is reddit i can only assume they 're on the younger side which is even worse . 
  well yeah , the people that were past education age did n't drop dead the second the revolution took place, 
  men still have more confidence that they could take a punch than woman those . 
  it does n't matter what would happen in practice as that is not what this map is about , it 's about perceived threat and fear . 
  from my other comment : if you 're a man you have at least a change of fighting back if it 's one to one , given that the average man is stronger than the average women it makes since that women would be more afraid at night . 
  as for who 's statistically safer ( if you do n't count domestic violence ) , i would n't be able to make a real guess but you 'd have to take into account the physical assault that often comes with rape and sometimes the death of the victim . 
  --  the minority of victims of violent attacks i looked for stats on that but unfortunately i only found some regarding canada . 
  either way , the statistics were on the feeling of safety not who 's in the most danger when walking at night . 
  another commenter has put it well :  `` the difference is perception ; i , as a woman , especially considering i 'm shorter than average but even if that was n't the case , know that if i ever got attacked by someone there would be very little chance of me fighting them off ... as such that will always influence your thoughts , even if you know the chances of you being attacked are absolutely tiny , there is always the chance and i 'm not even the type that worries too much about that sort of thing , i tend to go out quite often on weekends and such but the thought is always still there . 
  i can guarantee that the vast vast majority of women feel the same way . 
  whereas i bet a lot more men are more confident at being able to fight back should something happen , even if they 've no idea whether that 's true or not . 
  and this map is all about perception in the end . '', 
  i was n't thinking of a mugging situation more something like a drunk dude starting shit, 
  hormones certainly have an impact on human behaviour but i do agree that claiming testosterone is root and cause of all evil is a bit much, 
  thanks, 
  if you 're a man you have at least a change of fighting back if it 's one to one , given that the average man is stronger than the average women it makes since that women would be more afraid at night . 
  as for who 's statistically safer ( if you do n't count domestic violence ) , i would n't be able to make a real guess but you 'd have to take into account the physical assault that often comes with rape and sometimes the death of the victim . 
  skanderbeg is the president , they all live in bunkers and the favourite pass time is watching italian tv, 
  i was hoping to get an answer from the dude claiming that half of human kind had an inherent problem with them . 
   / s , kinda come on now, 
  ah , potato tomato, 
  what do you consider that problem to be ? 
  not surprising unfortunately edit : there is a reason why women feel less safe , one which is pretty obvious and thus makes these statistics unsurprising , why did this get down-voted, 
  what a weird bird, 
  spain was incredibly empty , i went through a few places that if they were n't abandoned certainly looked like it . 
  nice landscapes though . 
  france was n't very different from home , but when we stopped in bordeaux ( ? ), 
  there were people walking on the water mirror with their shoes on which was pretty weird . 
  the water that comes from the tap is n't pure either . 
  distilled water is pure and should not be consumed in place od regular water be it from a tap or a bottle . 
  i thought the largest city in europe was istanbul, 
  their music is ok, 
  we say ornitorrinco in portugal , which is similar to the turkish word , neat, 
  what the fuck are you on about, 
  is there an / s missing there ? 
  sorry for the sun , i wanted to post the article in english and this is what i found, 
  and that greek independence business , absolutely disgusting !, 
  such is life in southern yurop, 
  then it 'd be a neutral language spoken by many eu citizens already, 
  ragging on spain and the government is a national sport , it seems that guy was n't a true patriot, 
  do n't know why you got down voted because of your opinion , +1, 
  smoke inhalation would get them first if that makes you feel better, 
  e d e r d ### e e ### d r e d e, 
  was n't there one of these by a different person or am i having some mad dejavu, 
  for what purpose ? 
  are garishly tall buildings really necessary ? 
  imo they only look nice in a city like new york that has a lot of tall buildings , most european cities do n't have that sort of city scape and starting to build an immense sky scraper here and there would ruin the skyline . 
  visit your grandparents some time, 
  i am the parliament ? 
  oh no britain , what is u doin !, 
  i do n't get it, 
  holy shit, 
  probably [ viriato ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viriathus ) the most important leader of the lusitans that resisted roman occupation . 
  he died by the hand of his own people who were bribed by the romans which then refused to pay for deed for rome does n't pay traitors . 
  for sure, 
  for me it would be germany , dark rye is dope, 
  there 's five old men in madeira that want independence, 
  bacalhau or sardines, 
  nope, 
  that 's an actual response rather than saying what i said was disrespectful . 
  i was n't putting myself on a pedestal i 'm a regular asshole like anyone else . 
  i said he somewhat benefited the country , meaning some areas improved at the detriment of others . 
  i admit i was intentionally ambiguous but i did it without ignoring what he did . 
  but i also believe that the harsh regime salazar and his regime did in the end of it all acted as a galvanising force towards the population and the common experience of oppression made us a stronger and closer nation in the end . 
  this was not salazar 's intention of course , but his existence is part of what made us what we are today , the trauma set the country straight ( ish ) just like ww2 did to europe . 
  it was awful and the ones that came before us suffered , but because of that we can live in a better world . 
  again , obviously i 'm not giving salazar any credit for this . 
  he 's part of history now and history should be looked at objectively . 
  i explicitly stated that the means by which he achieved success in areas such as economy and safety from foreign powers were condemnable and wrong despite having a positive impact in the long wrong . 
  i by no means painted him in a positive light , you ca n't let emotion cloud the way you look at history .
