  this has been reported by papers like the helsingin sanomat . 
  nice try . 
  these people are refugees who come here and then begin raping children ... very bad behavior . 
  they are clearly far more likely to rape when compared native population , and leftist are running out of excuses why we need these people . 
  anarchists main argument is that if there is no state everyone is going to be nice . 
  yeah , that 's actually their argument . 
  so you want everyone else to suffer because you germans made mistakes ? 
  i do n't thats the reason why countries joined eu . 
  you wanted the refugees so you can keep them . 
  or do you have some problems with them ? 
  what fear ? 
  it 's about money and order in society . 
  you probably think that europe should take every one no matter how many millions are coming , but outside your fantasy reality is that europe ca n't handle that sort of people flood . 
  and why should we even take them ? 
  europe does n't have responsibility to take in every poor person in the world ... if you think we have then you got ta accept that we should take billions . 
  what `` atrocities '' ? 
  conspiracy theorists are going crazy . 
  great news . 
  it will be interesting to see what russians do now when their favorite lost . 
  communists always preach about `` nice things '' but end up causing hundereds of thousands or tens of millions deaths . 
  estonians , latvians , lithuanians , and polish miss stalin very much ? 
  think again . 
  us could do it easily and so could russians if us was not in europe ... your hatred of us is blinding you . 
  money buys equipment but it 's not enough as arabs have noticed . 
  money does n't buy capability . 
  european leaders know that and that 's why they were freaking out when trump said he would pull out troops from europe . 
  most european armies need an total overhaul . 
  that china number includes every pogue they got in different service branches , and like in most armies minority is doing the frontline duty , but even they are cutting down numbers into 300.000 or so . 
  eu would need at least 100.000 frontline troopers . 
  we should do away with these blasphemy laws . 
  no reason to bitch yanks about it ... blame france , germany , and other larger eu countries for not being interested in building 5th gen fighter . 
  people complain about smaller countries `` not buying european '' while forgetting that large european countries do not care about defending themselves ( looking at germany in here ) nor anyone else , even if it 's another european country !, 
  sad situation but true . 
  things change ? 
  begin using french and see how many people know it . 
  because there will be a day when everyone in r/europe uses french ? 
  i do n't think so as it 's useless outside french speakin countries . 
  so you think we are all going to learn french ? 
  of course small countries should side with those who are more likely to offer help . 
  why would anyone side with germany ? 
  they are n't interested defending themselves or anyone else . 
  us is more credible than european countries . 
  that 's why finnish military wants closer ties with us military instead of germans who would n't lift a finger if russia started `` shadow invasion '' of baltic states . 
  i like money . 
  those people are in the minority . 
  liveleak videos about chinese burning and boiling dogs alive would suggest they eat dogs . 
  polish person likes a communist regime ? 
  surprising . 
  do they have choice not to be happy ? 
  and we should let these people in because it 's their kids who are more likely to commit terror attacks instead ? 
  great logic , mate . 
  chinese have already sold them ( recently ) solid-fueled df-21 mrbms and before that liquid-fueled df-3 irbms in 80s . 
  middle-eastern countries operate chinese ucavs , weapons what western countries are n't willing to sell . 
  if you look their dealings with iranians it 's clear that chinese are business people ... does n't make difference if it 's shia or sunni money . 
  every time they are discussing about immigrant/refugee crime the attitude is that it 's the finnish people and society what 's to be blamed . 
  only 47 % thinks it 's unbiased even though it 's seen generally as reliable but at least people know that yle is politically red . 
  f-35 has whooped 4th generarion fighters in recent exercises and is not even ready yet . 
  also , it 's cheaper than 4th gen fighters european companies are offering . 
  i live in working-class area and no one is making that sort of money in here ... be it cashier or bus driver . 
  median salary about 3000 $ = propaganda . 
  reminds me of another `` pan-european '' disaster known as nh-90 . 
  f-35 is actually good product and that 's why air forces are lusting after it . 
  only 3.3 % of their gdp not too bad . 
  that report is state sponsored propaganda . 
  most working people who i know only have 800 $ in their bank account after rent and other expenses paid ( food & fuel not included ) but according to propaganda average salary is nearly 3000 $ . 
  he was also filmed saying that non-believers are cattle . 
  yle 's left leaning and biased journalists have destroyed it 's reputation . 
  what you mean is that only leftist who support mass immigration from poor countries should have power in eu . 
  no thanks . 
  i 'd bet that national coalition party suggests it sooner than later . 
  new prisons cost more than 100 million ( usually more ) and each prisoner 208 $ per day . 
  what else we could do ? 
  how ` bout not allowing these criminals to come here in the first place . 
  you think communist italy would n't have been good ? 
  us did a good job for destroying their ambitions . 
  so united states turned fascist is few months ? 
  talk about hyperlobe . 
  some reason nordic justice systems have very relaxed attitude towards rape . 
  there are also increasing amount of them in our prisons . 
  i wonder where we are going to shove them all as numbers increase ? 
  prisons are already stuggling with overpopulation as it is . 
  i know a guy who has recently in prison ( non-violent crime ) and he had to sleep on the floor . 
  how many people we should take from poor african countries ? 
  i see lefties complaining that we are n't taking enough ... poland should 1 million ? 
  2 million ? 
  10 million ? 
  i would join in a heart beat . 
  annoyed that little green men wo n't be able to invade estonia ? 
  too bad . 
  most of their weapons were chinese/pakistani made . 
  kind support them ? 
  us has bombed nusra many times . 
  you realize that islamic terrorism would exist even if you started building mosques and begun paying jizya , right ? 
  this new `` they want to divide us '' manstra is nonsensical argument usually made by people who are afraid that mass immigration from islamic countries could be halted . 
  they want islamic europe . 
  is this the new `` go to mantra '' left is going from now on every time islamic terrorists strike ? 
  they want islamic europe and believe it happens no matter who is making decisions . 
  so whats the religious excuse for this `` accident '' ? 
  god wanted that lad to live without penis ? 
  those dudes are marching only so they can get some of that third wave loon poon .
