  you wrote few weeks ago that there is nothing to worry about and we should basically disarm our armies . 
  changing the tune ? 
  merkel is ultimate populist ... few pictures in media what show crying toddlers and she invites them all in order to become the `` great humanitarian '' . 
  multicular societies certainly exists but are far away from utopias . 
  most people europe ( not just in the net ) already dislike islam & muslims and spreading them all over by force makes eu even less liked . 
  how many of those africans come from war torn countries ? 
  if watch interviews most of them are clearly migrants . 
  how many millions we should take ? 
  who is going to pay it ? 
  in here finland our economy is going down sooner than later . 
  and the system favoured by these bleeding heart politicians is the open doors policy . 
  are germans and swedes going to pay all the bills ? 
  if you force estonians to take `` refugees '' then it would be only fair you lot pay the expenses and take responsibility when crimes are committed by those people . 
  also 1/5 boys never get any education after comprehensive school ( peruskoulu ) and roughly 50-70k men at their best working age are n't working ( i 'm one of those lads ) . 
  french deserve most of the blame from libya 's current condition . 
  you mean french ? 
  they basically dragged everyone else into libyan war and proudly informed it was their rafale jets what performed the first strikes in libya . 
  french also wanted to bomb assad even after seeing what failure libya has become ... 
  who said he needs to be ally ? 
  let him rule the wrecked land known as syria . 
  if assad falls then what ? 
  all the different rebel groups would begin fighting with each others and then it becomes never ending war . 
  you either have islamist/wahhabist syria or assad 's syria . 
  too bad for them . 
  where is the reasonable ? 
  i dont see it . 
  i have never met openly gay man in the city of 118.000 where i live . 
  i guess i 'm living in different reality . 
  it has kicked ass in recent exercise against older fighters and various sam systems . 
  there is a reason why countries are looking to buy it instead of rafale , etc. 
  show me a fighter what does n't have similar problems and media has always been blowing everything out of proportions . 
  we have similar laws in finland but it seems that you only get prosecuted if you burn quran or insult islam . 
  recently same thing happened in here . 
  it 's the most advanced fighter in the world and that 's why many european countries are looking to buy it instead of other fighters . 
  you have heard wrong things if that 's the case . 
  if they ban one political group they ban all of them . 
  and lets be honest ... when it 's independence day in here finland who trashes shops and throws rocks ? 
  antifa and other similar groups do . 
  proud of what exactly ? 
  i did n't have anything to do with this stuff and do not know any gays . 
  what way you are conservative ? 
  antifa is also revolutionary and during that feel good march last year they had banderoll what clearly stated they are anti-state , anti-police , and they known to destroy things . 
  what are those finno russians are lacking ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  is n't there a danger of shite water spreading all over your butt & legs ? 
  you got ta hold your junk same time so it wont hit that sweet porcelain where the dirty butt water is . 
  rafale also has relatively small radome so it 's radar is smaller than it 's competitors . 
  size is not everything but it limits number of antenna elements the aesa can have . 
  all the foreign customers have ended up paying almost 200 million dollars per rafale + support while latest f-35as have been under 100 million . 
  of course there are many other factors in those deals but generally f-35 seems to be the cheaper option . 
  when finland had fighter competition last time ( the one what hornet won ) french were sending messages like `` finlands chances of getting into eu could be made difficult if you do not choose mirage '' and swedes threatened to close factories if gripen lost . 
  i 'd rather see european fighter winning ( no surprise there ) but in the end only thing what matters is that our air force gets the best fighter possible . 
  budget is not everything but germans clearly do not get what they pay for . 
  i agree with the people who were polled . 
  why are they protesting ? 
  russians if there is a need to . 
  european cities are like villages and most people seem to like it that way !, 
  i 'd rather see more tall buildings but apparently i 'm in the very small minority . 
  houses in the first link look boring & cheap and that campus could be located anywhere ... nothing unique about it . 
  if you have seen one neo-classical building you have seen them all no matter what country you are in . 
  neo-classical has always been tacky and never can be anything else because it was originally made up for rich people who believed that ancient world was all white marble . 
  also happens to be what quran promotes . 
  bible does the same but instead of just following one man ( jebus ) there are other characters so it 's not as one minded . 
  i personally hate neo-classical buildings and anything new what tries to imitate old . 
  one of the best looking buildings in europe is the `` dancing house '' in prague . 
  good !, 
  european cities need more skyscrapers . 
  that means swedish cops are n't controlling the situation ( scared ? ), 
  but the rioters are . 
  bad attitude to have anyhow . 
  except there are similar problems everywhere in europe and the common thing between problem areas is usually muslim immigrants and their kids . 
  no wonder that you believe there is no problems in sweden . 
  i get 259 $ welfare every 22 days . 
  does that make me poor ? 
  your decision . 
  these things happen all the time in sweden . 
  few weeks ago police patrol was surrounded by `` youths '' and almost got beaten . 
  those people were probably swedes and they are n't going to admit that there are problems . 
  they simply wont do it . 
  i 'm poor and so are many of my friends but we do not commit crimes . 
  i dont see bbc and guardian reporting this in their sites . 
  last week it was reported that two cops were surrounded by `` youths '' and almost got beaten . 
  you think thats normal ? 
  remember when he said that we need nearly 2 million immigrats ? 
  mr. katainen said back in the day that `` lending '' money to greece is a great business opportunity . 
  some people actually believed . 
  europe is supposed to be great power ... are we going to help our fellow eu members if there is a need to ? 
  people in here r/europe boast how important & powerful eu is yet same time expect that united states comes and solves all our problems . 
  `` the us will have to do a lot more nato reassurance to make putin believe they 'll turn up to any fight against him '' as a finnish person i have been readin comments from my fellow europeans and to me it 's quite clear that 's what europeans should do not the united states . 
  most people in here think that their countries should put zero % of their gdp on defense ... especially germans who think `` russia is not dangerous , lol , stop being paranoid '' . 
  what have europeans countries done to make putin believe they are ready fight against russians openly ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  team america put it best . 
  trump said in the same interview that nato is very important to him . 
  if spending was only thing that mattered ksa would one of the worlds great powers but are clearly not prepared for was . 
  you can not buy military efficiency . 
  at least hungarians are n't trying to send `` refugees '' all over the europe like certain countries . 
  that alone makes hungary better than germany in my eyes . 
  those values have disappeared long time ago and people have become softer . 
  saudi arabia spends more than you and see how well they do in yemen .
