  many areas in mexico are more dangerous than afghanistan . 
  should we take mexicans as refugees ? 
  if that 's true why assad has to realy heavily on foreign militias instead of his own citizens ? 
  without russians/iranians aleppo would be still in rebel hands . 
  blame the bigger countries like germany and france for not developing better weapons or putting money where it matters ... aka buying stuff . 
  you think smaller eu countries should prop up german economy in the name of `` greater good '' while same time germany itself buys nothing ? 
  germany has only 125 eurofighters ... if you do n't trust your weapons why should anyone else . 
  eurofighter aesa program is also very late . 
  does n't come close to many other fighters like the f-35 for example . 
  you also forgot to mention dassault 's manufacturing capablities are very limited , less than 50 rafales per year . 
  take a look how many people with similar background are unemployed around the europe and same cycle continues with their kids . 
  i 'm a welfare bum and so are most of those guys who come into europe . 
  if those guys are so great ( potential ) workers why are germans trying to kick them out into ee countries ? 
  think about that . 
  you remind me of that guy who made all those silly `` eu should invade us '' troll posts in r/askeurope . 
  bad trolling , mate . 
  talk is cheap and actions speak louder than words . 
  what has happened with libya ? 
  nothing . 
  things like this happen in years not in weeks . 
  sweden did n't have no-go zones 20 years ago ... now it has . 
  as far i can tell germans are trying to destroy europe union with their open doors policy and demands that every other country should pay for their mistakes . 
  i see that the superiority complex has n't gone anywhere ... '' but our superior humanist ethics to help them . '', 
  norway should take at least 10 million people ... why not ? 
  you got money . 
  ukraine events have already shown that russia is much more flexible and quicker when it comes to decision making . 
  they were making eu leaders look like fools ... germany still dances to the russian tune because of that damn gas pipeline . 
  you need soldiers patrolling in the streets or you are n't true europeans . 
  as long the illusion of `` these people can take your job so do n't demand better pay '' exists can wages be kept low and so on . 
  when what ? 
  capitalists want refugees/migrats in order to keep wages lower , etc. 
  russian sam 's have n't stopped a single attack in syria . 
  sweden does n't have money to design a stealth fighter and that 's the truth . 
  it 's expensive business . 
  he is bitter because dassaults rafale is n't getting many customers . 
  france has lost control of the area and that 's why they can not deal with it . 
  varg vikernes made an interesting video about norwegian prisons . 
  guy has gone full survivalist after release , but as far i know it 's only video in english where ex-inmate tells how things were in hotel prison . 
  if we ever get eu army what would germany do if russia invaded eu states in the east ? 
  let 's think about that . 
  it 's not a big deal as most professional soldiers are eager to do their duty ( usually ) and know the risks . 
  so you think there should n't be upper limits ? 
  why not just admit it . 
  what is upper limit europe should take in your opinion ? 
  as far i can tell these ngo 's would have haul whole africa into europe if they could . 
  what do you think should be done ? 
  eu is toothless with libyans . 
  extra money is the reason why they come so it 's inhumane if you do n't give any . 
  do n't be heartless plz . 
  at least you got something because in finland 6-10 storey high apartment buildings ( most were build 1970s ) do not have any fire escapes . 
  i guess back then when it was build only one fire exit was demanded ? 
  tall apartment buildings should have at least two . 
  and in here finland . 
  there are also kuffirphobic attacks and not just terrorism . 
  not forgetting all those grooming gangs targeting non-muslims . 
  anti-immigrants are n't going to vote them . 
  that 's just fantasy . 
  true finn party has been more or less henchmen of the two other parties and making life harder for poor & unemployed . 
  of course people only talk about their harder line on immigration/refugees ... who is their target market ? 
  what is your upper limit ... 60 milllion migrants or do we take 1 billion ? 
  there are tens of millions who would like to come so why stop at few million . 
  larger countries should stop inviting whole third world into europe . 
  apparently halla-aho wanted to have even harder stance on eu and that was too much for other parties . 
  petteri orpo : `` you ca n't play with eu membership '' . 
  i wonder who actually believes those fairy tales anymore . 
  italy should stop hauling them into europe in the first place . 
  i 'm sure eu is going to be really popular in ee countries when one of those relocated lads kills few dozen people with a truck . 
  i 'm sure that eu leadership is taking responsibility when that happens , right ? 
  ah , yes , the same guy who offered his house to refugees ( and got applauded for it ) and was reaso why we got swamped . 
  reporters without borders did n't rip yle because of their biased views on immigration , refugees , and so on . 
  yes , people get called racist all the time . 
  for example saying that current wave of terrorism has something to do with islam is seen as racist . 
  how many families have drones killed in those asian countries with islamic terror problems ? 
  bitterness ? 
  i 'm stating facts because people here are making it look like we have unbiased media . 
  i 'm not a true finn voter . 
  i 'm just making it clear that our media is not unbiased as some people here are suggesting . 
  media attacks every people who says that we should limit immigration from certain areas and let 's not pretend otherwise . 
  finnish journalists and media deserves to be bashed even more . 
  i think he has good reason to dislike media because it 's very clear they never liked him . 
  mainly due the fact that finnish journalists are usually left leaning and have `` we should have open borders '' mentality . 
  let 's remember that back in 2008 yle journalist ( what is supposed to be unbiased news organization ) called him a `` race doctor '' during the yle 's 20:30 newscast what is the most watched in finland . 
  halla-aho also knows that vote about leaving eu would mean defeat for his party so he does n't see it as necessary . 
  what sort of re-innovating ? 
  there are limits how many people europe will be able to support . 
  brain drain from nigeria means that in long term things get worse there and that causes more coming wanting to come europe . 
  as automation increases number of low skill jobs goes down ... what are those people going to do ? 
  think about that . 
  we could import 50 million africans next year , but what would they do ? 
  same story as in most other countries . 
  great days ... middle and upper classes living well and working class ( majority of people ) lived in poverty . 
  loads of people hate pragues `` dancing house '' but i think it 's very interesting looking building . 
  interesting building is better than something what tries to imitate the past and `` good old days '' . 
  he seems to be an conservative who hates everything modern . 
  ugly as sin with those fake pilars and so on . 
  how are boring neo-classcial buildings part of european culture ? 
  it was started by victorians who thought that ancient greek buildings were plain white , etc. 
  there are no room for culture or imagination in those neo-classical buildings . 
  wait few months and most of those guys send to romania are back in we . 
  horrible neo-classical buildings .
