  purchasing something like the eurofighter ( germany only has 125 of them ) is risky as you never know if larger countries simply abandon all planned upgrades and leaving smaller customers to pay it all ... very expensive . 
  `` survivors said the inflatable boat had set off with about 120 people on board , most from sub-saharan africa '' http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-39589121 `` some migrants , mainly nigerians , ghanaians and gambians are forced to work `` as guards in the ransom houses or in the ` market ' itself '' , the iom employee added . '', 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-39567632 i 'm sure you can find more yourself but i have a feeling you rather stay ignorant so your beliefs about `` syrian families '' wo n't be shattered . 
  it was france and uk what wanted war with libya and they got it . 
  in fact french were using their first strikes against libya as sales pitch for dassault 's rafale fighter . 
  taking poor african ( and who knows what terrorists ) from italy is not `` border cooperation '' . 
  guarding european external borders is cooperation ... ferrying poor people from 3rd world countries is not . 
  why chech have responsibility to take care of poor africans ? 
  why are those flacid macaronis hauling people into their own country if it 's such a big problem ? 
  it 's that dumb mob of people what actually supports it . 
  why not admit it ? 
  there are no good reasons for open borders and taking in few billion poor people around the globe . 
  most anarchists are middle-class kids doing their `` revolutionary duty '' before graduating from school . 
  real anarchists woud never go to state funded school or do anything like that , and when i told that fact in r/suomi few of them become angry . 
  weekend warriors ? 
  i think so . 
  let 's be honest ... they leftist rioters . 
  your comrades ( ? ), 
  are destroying cars of ordinary working people and you moan about right wing ? 
  i noticed that many anarchists/leftist who comment in here r/europe are avoiding this discussion . 
  to me it looks like r/europes anarchists/leftist are angry because world has seen what they really are and what sort world they want . 
  i was n't aware that there are reasons to like them . 
  they do n't have answers for question like that . 
  since when has `` no government '' been extreme right policy ? 
  unless you mean those ancap conservatives . 
  why not ? 
  we are n't talking about schengen area but eu 's outside borders . 
  and yeah ... anarchist hate them , if you think otherwise then go to google pictures and see who is holding `` refugees welcome , no borders , no one is illegal '' banderoles . 
  what is with people playing stupid in here r/europe . 
  yeah , believing that europe should have open borders in stupid . 
  you realize how many poor people there are in the world ? 
  those people are lamebrains . 
  btw ; burning plastics is bad for the enviroment . 
  problem is that they see it as society what could actually work . 
  anarchists usually weasel out from answering questions or simply block you if they can . 
  i have been asking since early 2000s from anarchists how are they going to deal with crime in anarchistic society , and their answer is usually same old extremely naive `` in anarchistic society we do n't believe in force and money . 
  because those are gone people do n't have reasons to commit crimes '' , etc. 
  they wont give any coherent answers even if you ask simple question , it 's always same bollocks . 
  most anarchists do n't believe in borders and think everyone should be able to live in europe ... `` no human is illegal '' . 
  why would these anarchists be any diffrent ? 
  many journalists are leftwingers . 
  in here finland most journalists are leaning to the left so better keep than in mind if you read news written by a finnish journalists ... 49 % identifying as leftist . 
  these are the same people who think we should have open borders and that europe belongs to everyone . 
  i 'm sure few people in here support this nonsense . 
  it kills millions of people around the world each year but refusing to drink it is seen as weird thing . 
  it does n't requite that much skill and you are angry because people suggest that those rioting comrades of yours should be controlled without silk gloves . 
  you think that beating someone with a baton requires lot of skills or that military men do n't know anything about basic crowd control ? 
  it 's not science . 
  i do n't play video games . 
  give them same riot equipment what cops have ... if soldiers can shoot enemies in battlefield they sould be able to beat anarchists with batons . 
  france and uk have n't accepted the fact that they are n't large colonial powers anymore . 
  unfortunately for rest of the europe obama was n't man enough to tell them `` no , we do n't help you with this libya thing '' . 
  i 'm only teetotaler in here ? 
  bigger problem with android phones ( apple is better with updates ) is that if you buy something under 300 $ it 's very like that you 'll get updates only year or so ... if that . 
  many people use phone for their banking so it 's almost criminal that manufacturers do n't send security updates on time . 
  you think chinese or anyone else cares if those boats are hauled back or if eu occupies parts of libya under excuse of war on terror ? 
  only leftists and leftist journalists would complain . 
  what repercussions china has suffered from building those man made island and conquering portions of the ocean ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  what families ? 
  ca n't handle the fact that those people are n't refugees ? 
  europe is not a holiday destination for liars like those people . 
  russia has already taken that title . 
  why ca n't we outsource eu leaders ? 
  everything else is privatized or outsourced so why not get some cheap chinese leaders and see things get done . 
  just a suggestion . 
  so what 's the comission plan ? 
  so far they have done ... nothing . 
  what about hardware backdoors ? 
  people like you never give any upper limits ... how many millions europe should take ? 
  do tell . 
  europe should send 1 million african migrants into iceland ... asap . 
  italy should take at least 100 million african migrants . 
  they get into those boats because they know tha ngo 's are waiting . 
  so in fact ngo 's are encouraging that sort of behavior ... and that makes them guilty when people drown . 
  either they are getting smuggler money or they are really stupid . 
  most of those people come from relatively poor african countries ... so in your opinion europe should take all the poor people ? 
  great , only few billion people to go . 
  that 's their own fault . 
  ever heard of personal responsibility ? 
  you 're opinions are the same as russia todays so ... clearly you think that ukraine belongs to russia and that 's why you are also against nato military forces in eastern europe . 
  cold war 2.0 is already going and german attitude has only made russian feel stronger . 
  so when are those eu deals with libya taking effect ? 
  my guess never . 
  wait until it becomes millions each month . 
  givi was assassinated in middle of the rebel base and with russian soldiers nearby . 
  makes sense , right ? 
  there are also pictures online what show russian army trucks in front his office . 
  but there is a possibility and that 's enough . 
  ukrainians assasinated top commander middle of enemy territory with a damn rpg ? 
  not very likely . 
  are we pretending that russians were n't behind those assassinations ? 
  bigger problem was that germany only bought 125 eurofighters and other countries also cut their orders . 
  eurofighter project was in hiatus for the longest time , that 's why they are only now testing aesa for it . 
  us and it 's allies were actually fighting against well armed & equipped nva for most of the time , and vc was basically destroyed during the tet attack . 
  also , most european are too soft to have any sort of guerrilla mentality . 
  germany already has shown putin that they are desperate for the gas pipeline ... big mistake . 
  i do n't see how us is an hostile state . 
  what we need is an eu foreign legion ( french legion is a good example ) what can be send into places where it 's needed . 
  it would be a good start .
