  i think the one doing praying would be the germans after all you do n't even want to defend your own country ... broomhandles and non-flying eurofighters are n't all that impressive . 
  i 'm from finland . 
  why would they not invade baltic states ? 
  russians have always thought that they need buffer zones against foes and russians are more than willing even if it means economic turmoil . 
  you believe that everything is all about money ... bad attitude to have . 
  why would it be hard to believe ? 
  us troops are the only thing what keeps russians out of baltic states . 
  it 's funny to read attitudes of my fellow europeans in this discussion ... very entitled and naive people ( bordering delusional ) . 
  germans think us has some type of duty to protect germany or that they do not even need military in the first place . 
  my fellow federalits think eu has need for unified military ( that i agree with ) but same time believe we do not need to put money on military . 
  most europeans have lived in peace far too long and perhaps it woud be only a good thing if russians started firing cruise missiles at brussels . 
  if you allow russians to get away with ukraine then next on the list are baltic states what belong to eu . 
  not your problem either ? 
  then stop being pro-eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure they would love to drive straight into berlin . 
  probably could if they wanted ... germans would n't be stopping them . 
  you germans are n't willing to put any money on your own defense why exactly as a finnish person i should think you would do anything to help us ? 
  what a good basis for eu defense . 
  if us leaves eu what stops putin from taking ukraine and then some ? 
  i can guarantee they would do it . 
  europe wont be able to stop russians especially if germans have that attitude . 
  russians are n't going to attack georgia , russians are n't going to attack ukraine , russians are ' t going to ... 
  russians ca n't make supercarriers for various reasons . 
  biggest one being that they do not have that large drydocks . 
  luckily enough importing these criminals and handling their crimes is totally free , right ? 
  so you are saying we shoud ignore your opinion ? 
  i agree with that . 
  kick those refugees out no matter how cute lads they are . 
  if you dont then stop complaining and accept the situation you created for yourself . 
  who forced germany to take any refugees ? 
  they created the problem themselves . 
  guardian clearly has pro-mass immigration agenda and it shows on their articles and not only their opinion pieces . 
  see if you can notice any articles what are even slightly questioning mass immigration or looking what sort of effects it has on europe . 
  i 'm assuming the same . 
  if wikipedia is correct he has open doors policy on immigration and same time attitude of appeasement towards muslims even if they are n't `` moderate '' . 
  that 's like asking for problems . 
  in that interview when he said that nato was obsolete his very next sentence was `` nato is very important to me '' . 
  what a joke european police forces and goverments are . 
  our countries cant defend their own borders or lands and in here r/europe we got people who believe that eu can one day challenge china & us as an intenational player . 
  weakness like this is disgusting . 
  how you know it 's working ? 
  i doubt that . 
  it would require nato soldiers in sweden . 
  read sahih bukhari 11:626 and you see why he said that . 
  so average day in italy is like one of those tinto brass movies ? 
  depends how easily you can be fooled . 
  it 's possible to refuse any job if you dont have any education after peruskoulu , etc. 
  most european countries have army only in paper but in practice they dont have much . 
  whats their optempo in reality ? 
  largest feminist sites never mention about these crimes , but they do remember to tell everyone how feminist burqa is . 
  surprised ? 
  i 'm not . 
  you claim that 20k took half of iraq and syria and lasted 3 years of bombings from world powers ? 
  not forgetting all the fronts they had to fight on . 
  now that 's nonsense . 
  she 's a white girl so we got ta believe her . 
  do you feel sympathy for all isis fighters or just for the white ones ? 
  europeans solved most of those problems and i do n't see any reason why they could n't do the same . 
  then again why try fixing anything if you can simply go to europe ? 
  yes , they were all `` volunteers '' . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybs71zqvw5u https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ano9jhb5ro4, 
  international laws are clearly outdated as they are being abused by smugglers in order to make their job easier . 
  overly emotional leftists claim that there are many children in those boats . 
  many germans still believe that 1930s `` master race '' stuff because they think other eu countries exist only to serve germany . 
  germans are ruining europe because they have that nazi guilt thing going on . 
  they should send them to germany and hold the door open so millions can come and that would certainly teach a lesson for our german friends . 
  are these refugee children ? 
  but somalia ai n't real anarchy , bro . 
  we got them here ? 
  yeah , that is true . 
  roslings solution is to bring tens of millions more !, 
  creating even bigger problem is not an solution . 
  we also know that deporting them is extremely difficult so what you suggest is open door policy ... fly to europe and you are set for life . 
  and how you deport all those `` paperless '' people who are n't accepted ? 
  european countries ca n't deport people who have `` lost their papers '' and you think we could handle millions of people each year ? 
  okay . 
  you think we should take every african ? 
  great plan . 
  eu should make him an offer he ca n't refuse . 
  only few years ago you could find positive articles about venezuela in guardian , huffpost , salon , and other leftist news sites . 
  now when reality bites it 's not socialist paradise anymore ... 
  i knew it started falling after people could n't buy toilet paper . 
  most people coming from libya are africans not syrian or anyone else . 
  perhaps they should stay away from libya . 
  neo-liberals and other similar people think it 's good source of cheap labour . 
  of course there are also leftists who think we should open the borders and let everyone in ... so you have mix of capitalists & lefties wanting same thing . 
  what happened when russians got money ? 
  they started annexing parts of their neighbors . 
  outdated military is better than not having one ... many european countries have army only in paper . 
  germans clearly think that other eu countries exist only to serve them ... 
  this germany-russia relationship has a familiar feel to it , no ? 
  you mean take care of german mistakes . 
  they get less than i do and i 'm a welfare bum . 
  it 's not hard to get money from kela . 
  if welfare was replaced with ubi i 'd get at least 100 $ less , not an improvement . 
  do n't know about russians but i 'm sure many pro-russian/putin conspiracy theorists do believe it . 
  they do n't say because welfare is a lot worse in ee countries . 
  that 's why switzerland and sweden should take them all . 
  sweden has many already and more are coming every month . 
  so do n't worry .
