  you have empathy and people who come to your country have appetite for free money . 
  i do n't blame them because i 'm also an welfare bum ... gullible people like you ( i could use another word but i 'm polite ) are the reason why i never have to work . 
  german government would sell baltic states to russia if they got cheap gas/oil out of it . 
  russia is only real threat to the eu and improving russian ecenomy is stupid !, 
  see what happened when russians got their economy rolling thanks to high oil prices , they started annexing parts of their neighbors . 
  they are following their ideology just as anarchists are when they demand open borders . 
  anarchists are mentally ill ? 
  dogs get similar treatment in spain . 
  i can guarantee to you that chinese would simply shoot them . 
  basic rights ? 
  those are legally binding only in those countries that are stupid/weak enough to follow them . 
  leftist like you do n't make the rules what sort of opinions europeans are allowed to have . 
  question is how many you think we should take and if there should be any limits . 
  nigeria would sanction eu if we stop dealing with them ? 
  they need us more than we need them . 
  there are billions who live in poverty and numbers only increase . 
  how many we should take ? 
  any limits ? 
  i do n't see him suggesting that electrics are cheaper only in norway . 
  electric cars are cheaper in norway than they are in here finland . 
  $ 15k wont get you used 2015 model leaf in here . 
  you guys have better salaries . 
  where i live average salary for a normal working man is 2000-2500 after taxes ... after rent is paid you have 1500 $ or so for everything else . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  same with other electric cars until they have large enough batteries ( or better technology ) so cold weather does n't destroy their range . 
  used cars are really expensive in here ... price for 2005 bmw sedan with +300.000 kilometers on it 's odometer can cost you 7000-10 .000 $ . 
  there are some people who believe that europe should ban non-electric cars before end of 2020 . 
  those delusional people do n't realize that average worker who needs a vehicle does n't have a money to buy +30.000 $ . 
  i have spoken with people who actually own a tesla , not the company fanboys who never seen one in real life , that when winter comes the range drops 50 % or even more if you turn heater on full power . 
  other electric cars have same problems . 
  do n't know about other european countries but corn syrup is used in many products sold here . 
  correct , local supermarkets sell american candybars and the cost of one `` special snickers '' is 2,50 $ . 
  small reeses buttercup canbybar is 3 $ . 
  young people buy exensive candybars because they see americans eating them in buzzfeed videos , etc. 
  nice youtube channel you got there ... pro-russian and all . 
  do you think that baltic states belong to russia ? 
  i 'd rather buy american gas than russian . 
  it 's evident that you germans think it should be them who make all the decisions in eu . 
  what about spain ? 
  wikileaks revealed years ago that france has massive industrial espionage operation going on . 
  http://www.france24.com/en/20110104-france-industrial-espionage-economy-germany-russia-china-business https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/industrial_espionage#france_and_the_united_states germany is not innocent victim . 
  i 'd rather not have any sort of enclaves in largest european cities . 
  we have already seen what kinda problems it generates in a long run . 
  that would require forced abortions and who would enforce that ? 
  you got something else ? 
  in here finland we have lack of cheap studio apartments . 
  if you live on welfare like me then it 's really hard to find cheap apartments near the city , and if the rent is too high ( 500 $ plus ) you 'll have to pay part of the rent yourself . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  it 's stupid not upsetting ... very fitting for the buzzfeed generation . 
  everyone in the third world thinks she did and that 's only thing what matters . 
  you never know what happens in future and billion per year is pocket money for eu countries . 
  finland uses 881 million euros on foreign aid this year ... floating airfield would be better use of money . 
  chinese are already building a larger catobar carrier ( they have been testing emals catapults since 2008 ) so their plans are very clear . 
  i did n't say it has something to do with helping their allies , but it has everything to do with preparing for the future . 
  you never know what 's going to happen so it 's better to be prepared for anything . 
  does n't tell how effeciently that equipment is used or preparedness rates . 
  you never know what happens in future , and i believe eu should be prepared to face any unexpected situation . 
  british admiral mark stanhope said : `` to put it simply , countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers '' and i agree with him . 
  by 2020 chinese have more capabilities to help their allies than eu countries and the gap is only getting bigger as their carrier program steams forward . 
  can you list some of the problems french military has ? 
  i have read in here reddit that they are stuggling to keep choppers flying , etc. 
  it 's a shame that eu is only going to have one proper carrier in the future after brits leave . 
  cancelling the pa2 project seems to have been political decision more than anything else ... can any french person give additional information ? 
  western satanist nato leaders and ( ( ( they ) ) ) hate morally superior russia and want to steal their natural resources ... that is what one guy in youtube was saying so it must be true . 
  it means that you failed to become world power , and now you claim that there is such thing as `` soft power '' , indians did the same . 
  is there any evidence that eu coast guard would be actually keeping people out instead of being an ferry service ? 
  that means most muslims who live in europe are extremists . 
  what you suggest western countries should do and what impact those actions would have ? 
  iran backs hezbollah/hamas what have performed terror attacks outside middle east and they are also backing worst dictator in the world . 
  no one has told me how not-selling weapons to saudis stops extremism . 
  as far i can tell it only takes money out of extremist pockets ... 
  terrorists usually have chinese and russian weapons so your argument is silly . 
  so you think that muslims who take their religion seriously are extremists ? 
  iranians have mass hangings of homosexuals , etc. 
  it 's just another islamic nuthouse . 
  yeah , and it lasted so many days . 
  2000 is not a very big number when you look how many have arrived and are incoming . 
  they can plan all they want and milk tax payers moneys on the side . 
  come back to me when railguns are routinely used in warships ( not just tested ) what have massive power supplies available . 
  let 's look this again in early 2030 and see how many are in use . 
  railguns need a massive power supply so that 's not happening any time soon . 
  do you believe that ee countries belong to russia ? 
  those new buildings are more usefull ( should be far taller in fact ) and allow more people to live in city instead of few wealthy families . 
  automatic loading , integrated active protection , new turret what can handle bigger caliber guns , and so on . 
  i always do that . 
  i agree that is nasty . 
  how can you have ass wiping towel in your bathroom and then pretend to be a clean person ? 
  tp is better solution . 
  i 'm sure that dassault has already started doing that years ago so they do n't start from nothing . 
  predators are target drones if they fly anywhere near enemy what has sam 's . 
  finally positive news when it comes to military matters in europe , but i 'm cautious until we see real working prototypes . 
  why is that ? 
  what fines ? 
  same fines what china has gotten after building those artificial islands ? 
  buying more eurofighters would be smarter as they already have it on their inventory , and potential enemies ( russia ) does n't have anything better in service . 
  that would cost billions and larger european countries do n't like to put much money on defense so i predict that `` joint european stealth project '' is not happening . 
  germans have 125 eurofighters in service and at least 8 new in order . 
  who cares about international law and what happens if you broke it ? 
  chinese are building artificial islands in order to conquer parts of the sea for themselves ... nobody is stopping them . 
  larger eu countries are n't buying their own fighters in quantaties they should in order to bring down the cost ... so why complain when smaller eu countries buy more sophisticated fighters from us ?
