  it 's the most boring style there is ... especially since ancient greek buildings they monkey were usually very colourful . 
  not much variety in that part of the town . 
  too bad our leaders are making it larger every day . 
  but at least their country is toast and they do n't win . 
  your attitude would allow russians to conquer whole europe because they could use nuclear blackmailing in order to get everything ... your comment reeks such weakness that it makes me sick . 
  so you let the another guy win ? 
  thinking that way gets you killed . 
  take a look at his comment history . 
  i think he is being very serious with those allegations . 
  everyone can see that the mass immigration from islamic countries is a failure and does n't work at all . 
  you can deny it all you want , but when these attacks become weekly events ... then what ? 
  iranians are supporting dictator who has used wmd 's against civilian population of his own country and has killed far more people than saudis . 
  pro-iranian shills are very active or they are just people who hate israel ( for various reasons ) and that 's why side with iran . 
  i guess that makes the amputations , blindings , stonings , mass hangings , and other such things all right . 
  what a great country . 
  must have been a neo-nazi suicide bomber , right ? 
  hezbollah does n't act without iran 's blessing . 
  you bitch about saudis killing people in yemen but same are okay with terror organization what helps assad . 
  know how many people assad has killed ? 
  hezbollah does n't do anything without iran 's approval and i doubt it was a neo-nazi suicide bomber . 
  so if it 's not wahhabist terror it 's okay ? 
  iranians have sponsored suicide attacks in europe so let 's not . 
  iranians are also supporting terrorism . 
  all those guys simply change their organization and join other islamic terror groups . 
  most joined isis only because it was the fashionable thing to do , but there are plenty of other islamic terror groups you can chose from . 
  another `` we have to let all these poor people in '' article as usual . 
  do these journos get some of that smuggler money ? 
  do n't know about the discount jesus types who do the ferrying but i 'm sure their unseen bosses get their share . 
  i do n't see non-muslims blowing themselves up in concert halls if they are in `` process of deculturation '' ... there goes that theory . 
  haaretz is an left-wing newspaper so i 'm not surprised they are trying to whitewash islamic terrorism . 
  you don win wars with budgets , if that was the case taliban would n't exist anymore . 
  france has outdated equipment , they had to ask usaf help in order to haul soldiers into mali , and other such problems . 
  france is nowhere near russian level when we look conventional military capabilities . 
  russia is always the victim even when annexin land from it 's smaller neighbors . 
  we know . 
  chinese are building their power projection at this very moment . 
  yes , russia never attacked any of it 's neighbors and it 's extremely peaceful country . 
  they never annexed parts of any other countries , right ? 
  as a finnish person i would also like to see more military spending in the eu . 
  is welfare shopping fundamental human right ? 
  it 's called `` catty '' behavior for a reason . 
  http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=catty are you one of those people who claim there are no difference between men and women ? 
  i hope not . 
  women are more bitchy about that sort of stuff and it 's a fact . 
  xnicolex is a woman so of course she talks bs about other women !, 
  that 's the way it goes . 
  few thousand men is not an `` army '' and russians know that . 
  those nato soldiers are threat only for little green men and no one else ... so what 's making bear annoyed ? 
  who ? 
  it 's clearly not trump who leaks these but someone who dislikes him . 
  yeah , we know that you hate us . 
  btw , us foreign policy did n't write the quran . 
  what 's the problen ? 
  i 'm sure that germany and sweden can handle few extra people . 
  i wonder what 's your solution . 
  let 's pay jizya and admit that muhammed is the true prophet ? 
  i have met many muslims and usually they have been shady at best . 
  those people already believe it . 
  that has been the goal of islamic terrorists who existed before isis . 
  if germans do n't then why should anyone else ? 
  i guess you should tell that to china , russia , and us as they all have loads of hardware . 
  eu is not interested guarding it 's own borders and you think they got stones to act against `` little green men ? 
  i think not . 
  people like him simply refuse to admit that there is any problems . 
  simple as that . 
  how are you going to break them up ? 
  are they even willing to integrate ? 
  they do n't lose anything if they refuse . 
  why should any business hire someone who ca n't even shake hands with a customer ? 
  or refuses to sell alcohol , etc. 
  how are they good for the economy ? 
  leftist want them because it makes their countries `` diverse '' and business men think them being here will bring down the wages so they get more euros themselves . 
  if you have n't noticed there is no ocean between us . 
  you realize that real world is not a video game where vehicles are designed and manufactured in minutes , right ? 
  there are some funny comments in here . 
  you ca n't burn moscow with the militaries of france and germany . 
  it 's evident that germany does n't have working military and wo n't have any time soon . 
  f-35 is relatively easy when it comes maintanance . 
  there are people in here ( mostly germans ) who think europe should take everyone who is poor . 
  only few billion people , no big deal . 
  in here r/europe some people are thinking that us is on it 's way out of europe , but news like this suggest otherwise . 
  germans are n't interested putting money on already outdated european fighters or developing new one so they are going to buy latest & greatest from the united states . 
  russia is always the victim , mate . 
  you do n't know that ? 
  last time i checked it was pro-refugee crows that said they would go back their eventually , and where has that happened ? 
  i 'm from finland so i ca n't spek for people who live in ee countries , but i know what sort of problems they cause in here , and i doubt these lovely refugee engineers behave any different in those other countries . 
  and let 's be honest in here ... many leftist think it 's no big deal when refugee commits a crime , be it sexual or any other crime . 
  it 's counter-terrorists officials fault that they are going to be flooded with pontential terrorists , and they ca n't handle it ? 
  french say you need 20 or so people when following one pontential terrorists . 
  i would blame people who think it 's good idea to let them in the first place , those who want to spread them all over europe , ones who blame europeans when they commit sex crimes , etc. 
  no wonder leftist are loosing their popularity . 
  at least they are n't stupid enough to invite all the potential terrorists into europe . 
  who is going to take responsibility if one those relocated guys takes a truck and kills people or blows up an airport ? 
  is every poor 3rd worlder a refugee in your eyes ? 
  i guess we 'll better make room for extra 2 billion people in here europe . 
  you mean chinese ? 
  so what 's going on wirh that girl who disappeard in sweden ? 
  i read they arrested three men . 
  libyan warlords could be hired to kill smugglers and deter any ships from leaving libyan shores . 
  of course smugglers and terrorist supporters deny that they are doing something criminal .
