it looks great but i predict it 's going to flop or make minimal amount of profit . 
  tinto brass is the best european director . 
  does he seem like a guy who does things out of his good heart ? 
  not to me . 
  i do n't know why this would be a bad thing ? 
  after reading about soros he seems to do things only if they make him wealthier and so on . 
  seeing how easily duped and sluggish european leaders are/were with ukraine crisis i 'm not too sure about that `` we 're golden '' part . 
  i really doubt they have learned anything . 
  no one forced anyone to take refugees . 
  so why complain ? 
  you cant claim that no one knew refugees are expensive . 
  where ? 
  i voted independent but he did n't get trough . 
  shame because he is a great chef . 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=omdr78mrrm8 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hxe3lerf3zc, 
  they do it because they want to kill non-muslims . 
  simple as that . 
  there are literally hundreds of islamic armed groups around the world . 
  some bigger than others . 
  also , let 's not forget their prophet was an warlord who was no different from isis commanders . 
  daily reminder that sex slavery is okay according to the prophet of muslims . 
  how about you debunk those claims ? 
  oh yeah . . you ca n't do it . 
  i think you are trying to down play this because it was yet another islamic terror attack . 
  they are comparing jesus and muhammed . 
  muhammed was an enslaving warlord who is seen as a perfect creation ( above all criticism ) and role model . 
  let 's be honest here ... you want european countries to buy french weapons in order to make france wealther and have more influence . 
  europe has n't managed to make decent drones ( china , israel , us are far ahead of eu countries ) so even france has to buy drones from the us . 
  and that could be bad in the long run because it gives those who automate sooner an advantage . 
  that 's because american offerings are better . 
  if we had eu military would france be okay if countries chose patria amv instead of vbci and lose billions of euros in defence deals ? 
  i doubt it . 
  they follow the same religion what is causing problems all around the globe . 
  i guess so far south-america is only place what has been safe from islamic terrorism . 
  what good comes from the open borders left ? 
  and take notice i do n't think islamic terrorism and other such things are positive so do not offer those as good examples . 
  as long mr. orban wants to keep them out i 'm pro-victor . 
  if norway did n't have nato nuclear umbrella russians could wipe it out in less than 30 minutes and would cost russians less than 300 million euros . 
  that 's makes them a superpower . 
  does germany have all sort of `` training programs '' and other such thing what can be used to hide unemployment ? 
  they do that in finland . 
  what else should be done ? 
  i find it strange that most powerful party in germany is religious . 
  merkel and many other leaders were screaming about `` hungarian heartless beasts '' while secretly being happy they were building fences . 
  just like that austrian hypocrite who is now paying `` refugees '' to leave his country ... what a joke . 
  politicians rarely do what majorities want , especially in multiparty systems , so that claim is irrevelant . 
  i do not believe any parties have peoples best interests in their mind . 
  when you think that everything is fascist and racist there are no way to have any sort of discussion . 
  people who support mass immigration from islamic countries should have the answers as they cause the problems . 
  so if 90 % swedes were supporting isis it would n't be an extremist terror group anymore ? 
  okay . 
  when i was lurking here few years ago it was very left wing and pro-refugee . 
  loads of democratically elected officials think it 's okay to allow isis fighters to travel back to europe ... that promotes extremism . 
  federation would need strong leaders and there is n't any in sight . 
  most of those who choose homeleness in here are drunks/druggies or mentally ill . 
  we have roughly 8000 homeless so it 's not exactly `` solved '' , but then again many of them do n't want to live in a home because of their own reasons . 
  i would blame islam as we can see that chinese and other non-muslims are n't doing stuff like this . 
  and they do not follow religion what orders it 's followers to subjugate non-believers . 
  that 's a big plus . 
  so you admit that it 's their religion what is the problem ? 
  ca n't be even compared to numerous islamic terror groups roaming around the world and the effect islamic immigration has on everyday life as the numbers get bigger . 
  many of the want a caliphate . 
  they stop killing ? 
  perhaps after we submit and admit that muhammed is the true prophet pay the jizya . 
  fdf has option to buy more of those k9 's from the south-koreans . 
  they are probably going to do that after all the russian spg 's are scrapped . 
  in war civilians become less important and military must be allowed to destroy enemy where ever it is . 
  those ancient 122mm pulverized ukrainian armored formations and fdf should buy more of them from poland . 
  finland also has modernized m270s . 
  because they need artillery if there is a war with russia . 
  or you think they should be freeloaders and ignore the article 5 ? 
  if that argument was true we should open the gates and take 50 million immigrants from africa !, 
  good plan ? 
  i would say your professors are insane . 
  it 's the quality of immigration not the quantity . 
  perhaps eu companies should offer better fighters if they want customers . 
  as pointed out all these european 4,5 gen fighters cost same or more than f-35 ( depending on variant ) while being less advanced . 
  us has not spend over a 1 trillion on the f-35 . 
  that 's the amount of what it costs in the end ( by 2060 ) when you add maintanance , manufacturing , and other costs for 2000 + f-35 's . 
  who are they going to sell ? 
  as far i can tell everyone is already going for f-35 and if they started making modern fighter now it would take at least 10 + years before first protype flies . 
  perhaps europe should manufacture better planes then . 
  buy worse simply because it 's european ? 
  finland already got burned with the nh-90 . 
  eu companies are n't making fifth generation fighter nor are they planning to . 
  why develope fighter no one is willing to buy ? 
  if most european countries had taken defense seriously after the collapse of soviet union perhaps there would be `` euro stealth '' ... but there is n't . 
  no one is forcing your country to buy anything . 
  f-35 is the best out of all four possible fighters so . 
  it 's also cheaper ( 94 milion vs over 100 million ) when compared to eurofighter & rafale . 
  back in early 90s french and swedes tried to blackmail finland into buying their fighters . 
  it did n't work . 
  they are n't planning to buy russian . 
  canadians have this weird messiah complex going on nowadays ... they are actually worse than germans in 2015 . 
  he made the claim . 
  i do n't have to prove anything . 
  how much does average gambian and pakistani bring to france ? 
  most of them do not have any skills and there are not enough low skill jobs and factory work is also becoming less likely for various reasons . 
  this is like a bad huffpost article . 
  because he is a welfare bum like me ... only difference is that he never admits it .
