  that much i can guarantee . 
  i 'm 90 % sure that you are trolling . 
  are we talking about children or `` children '' ? 
  nah , islamists want the far-left ( useful idiots as lenin would put it ) in power until they get enough people to have their own way inside old parties or form new islamic party . 
  in here finland kids ca n't locate folders and using printer is a hard task ... basically everything expect installing latest apps is struggle for them . 
  i 'm more surprised that many of my fellow europeans are defending communist dictatorship . 
  so what ? 
  communism has been tried many times and it always end 's up in failure but left ca n't real anything . 
  it 's equally bad . 
  are we still pretending that isis is the only islamic terror group in the world ? 
  islamists usually want to kill non-believers unless those non-believers submit and pay jizya . 
  sorry to poke holes into your conspiracy theory . 
  isis was n't dead in iraq 2012 ( it did n't exist fully at that time ) because they were fighting all the time in there and so were their allies . 
  you just ca n't handle the fact that people are killing others because of religious reasons . 
  china has been getting worse under xi jinping . 
  eu is generally not taken seriously by anyone and federal europe with weak leadership is in the same position . 
  because they are locking up all the `` trouble makers '' into secret prisons , etc. 
  hey !, 
  that 's not how you are supposed to remember it , mate . 
  i wonder where that urge comes from ? 
  but they are n't fabulous and do they get so much attention in media ? 
  i think not . 
  where does it say you have to love people who willingly break the laws your god ? 
  abrahamic god does n't like gays . 
  de facto death penalty if you begin flaunting homosexuality in those countries even if it 's not the official law of the land . 
  they see it as jizya . 
  quran advocates that you should n't do anything what diverts your attention away from religion . 
  so to you only real muslims are those who do not take their religion seriously ? 
  what exactly have they perverted ? 
  how is it right ? 
  `` communists have never done anything wrong because it 's perfect system and if someone did its ` coz they were secret capitalists '' . 
  okay , what ever makes you feel better . 
  i get 480 $ and some of my friends get less . 
  that is silly claim even by reddits standarts as they use less than 3,5 % of gdp on military . 
  us has been buying weapons and kept it 's armed forces active , same ca n't be said about germany for example . 
  would larger countries use their influence unfairly in order to make other countries buy their hardware ? 
  very likely i think . 
  finnish people . 
  sadly in here finland wetting your pants when you are drunk is seen more normal than not drinking anything . 
  people think you 're an either ex-alcoholic or religious nutjob if you do n't drink anything . 
  i 'm a lifelong teetotaler and it makes some people extremely angry ... no idea why as i never bothered asking why that is . 
  decisions coming from brussels are n't worse than finnish governments doings and being able to pool all eu resources together has it 's own benefits . 
  that 's the way i see it . 
  welcome to finland . 
  here is my casual ama . 
  french govt does n't pay for apartment ? 
  where do unemployed people live ? 
  now they are planning system where every unemployed person must send at least 12 applications each month ( got ta be different company each time ) or get sanctioned . 
  that makes `` only '' 16,5 million applications per year ... unemployment office has already noticed that they do n't know how to handle it all , and private firms are n't happy either because flood of less than serious applications . 
  it was reported few hours ago that finnish govt is planning to stop the program where unemployed people must go and have interview every 3 months in the unemployed office ... that program was activated beginning of this year !, 
  govt does n't know what 's going on . 
  260/350k or so is the official number ( depends who doing the calculations ) , but it 's actually much higer as everyone who 's put into those `` jobs '' where you simply sit around are n't classifield as unemployed , and other sneaky things like that are used to make statistics look better . 
  we are in the minority . 
  abandoning welfare does n't generate +350.000 jobs and streets would be very unsafe for the working people . 
  you realize how many burglars and muggers there would be ? 
  working would make you an prime target as you got probably something valuable . 
  i would commit crimes like everyone else in the same situation . 
  you think people like me would simply lay down and die ? 
  where does that actually happen ? 
  no where because people wo n't simply lay down and die . 
  you can live like a king with that sort of money . 
  how much is the basic welfare in ireland ? 
  in finland it 's 480 $ and my rent is paid . 
  they are actually trying to make it so every unemployed ( who have qualifications ) should seek at least 12 jobs and deliver proof of it every 3 months and they can cut your benefits if you refuse a job they are offering me ? 
  i 'm a professional welfare bum and long term unemployed without any qualifications so i 'm almost immune . 
  at best they can give me one of these 4h/week `` jobs '' were i 'm passing time with alcoholics/bums/druggies with rake in my hand and talk bs whole 4 hours . 
  i cycle , read books , swim , watch movies , and in my city they even have discount trips to museums for unemployed , etc. 
  life is wonderful when you do n't have a daily schedule ... very relaxed !, 
  morning shopping is good because my local supermerket always have plenty of -50 % discounts on food , and that stuff is gone when working people arrive six hours later . 
  i simply calculated cons and pros of working instead of simply doing what everyone else does . 
  it seems he has the same attitude as i have . 
  ca n't live this way if your a materialist , but you do n't habe that urge im your mind , then you only need the basics for good living . 
  i 'm a 31 year old finnish guy who never had a job so the answer is yes . 
  i know few others who are living the same way , but this way of life is not for those who need new stuff all the time , and feel shame if they dont work . 
  it was pretty important for russia as le pen would have caused havoc inside europe and nato . 
  russian tank forces have also suffered because they have n't managed to import quality optics/thermals . 
  i doubt one person can remove france from the european union . 
  american style freedom of speech is one of the greatest things ever invented . 
  certainly . 
  do n't know if this is meme but it 's funny . 
  is lidl foreign enough ? 
  i rarely visit in local lidl because it has `` aura of cheapness '' . 
  i 'm a welfare bum so i go to local beach everyday or do bicycle trips and so on . 
  in here lahti city we have mister viheraho . 
  because i live near city i never had need for a car and getting driver license would be really expensive ( nearly 2000 $ ) . 
  owning a car is also expensive . 
  pattaya , thailand . 
  promised land of cheap food and ladyboys . 
  that 's not my experience . 
  women are usually very loud about it and want everyone to know if their boyfriend/husband is a foreigner . 
  most common couples i see are older man with thai wife and fat white woman with black guy . 
  stereotypes ? 
  yes !, 
  but are they true ? 
  absolutely yes . 
  i think it 's a valid argument . 
  we got 350.000 unemployed in here finland and only 18k open jobs so even if i wanted one my changes of getting one would extremely small . 
  i could cost a lot more if i was one of those criminal types and ended up in prison where every prisoner costs 208 $ for the state ... each day !, 
  is n't that what all welfare is ? 
  nope , no guilt in my end , but as i pointed out above most unemployed feel guilt for not working .
