. . well , i guess i walked into that :p i will say that i do n't necessarily believe a degree of civic nationalism is a bad thing , but i do believe any kind of monarchy is a bad thing and i definitely do n't think * anything * political should be forced upon children . 
  the only bbc channels that close down are cbbc and cbeebies , and i think people might have objections about shoving blind nationalism down the throats of children ( like how americans force kids to pledge allegiance to the flag ... fucking creepy ) . 
  edit : actually , bbc 4 closes down as well , so i guess they could do it on that one ... which would be ideal , cause then nobody would ever fucking see it, 
   would you call it fair if a restaurant made you pay twice for a meal because you earn twice your nation 's average ? 
  no , but i do call it fair when the government taxes me at a higher rate because i earn more money . 
  the reasoning being that the restaurateur is a greedy chancer who wants to fleece richer people for his own gain , whereas the government needs richer people to pay more to ensure everybody can enjoy the benefits of public services . 
  the same applies to the eu on a national scale . 
  perhaps , but not in the case of a country as a whole . 
  ireland is n't `` not truly liberal '' because they have one conservative policy , grow up . 
   individual liberty and democracy * palestinians need not apply israel is an apartheid state . 
  it 's almost like liberal and conservative are n't black and white labels . 
   we voted to change our constitution and engrained the right for any two persons in love to marry no matter whatever their sexual orientation is . 
  did n't you accidentally change it to say that * only * gay people can get married , for a short while ? 
  edit : [ no , but you * almost * did ] ( http://junkee.com/ireland-legalises-ecstasy-for-24-hours-by-mistake-almost-outlaws-heterosexual-marriages-also-by-mistake/52768 ) . 
  no , it 's cause the irish ~ ~ are ~ ~ were historically super religious . 
  that would be a significantly better description than `` arab '' , certainly . 
  while one is somewhat unspecific , the other is flatly wrong ( and shows great ignorance ) . 
   you mean the iranian guy ? 
  and his afghan friend who didnt report his plans ? 
  were people wrong to assume `` oh look another arab guy killing europeans '' ? 
  yes , because neither iranians nor afghans are arab . 
  does n't matter , still wrong, 
  in my experience , young people ( i.e. 
  people my age ) tend to include the american definition . 
  i 've never heard someone under the age of 30 describe someone as oriental . 
  fair enough , well in the british english `` asian '' refers to people from all over the asian continent and is therefore an accurate descriptor . 
  i do n't think it 's right to say that it `` gives indians and chinese a bad name '' , because that would imply that you would be ok with giving all middle easterners a bad name if they had used a more specific term . 
   always i forgot , every terrorist in recent history has been brown . 
  oh wait no they have n't . 
  or how about we do n't allow the race of a terrorist to give anyone a bad name , because we 're not racist pieces of shit ? 
  and for what it 's worth , i do n't see the word `` asian '' mentioned anywhere on the page . 
  they are treating it as a terrorist incident to be safe , in the absence of any information . 
  that does not mean they necessarily believe it to be a terrorist attack , nor for that matter does that mean isis or any other islamic militants are involved . 
   hope that the dude who punched him is caught y tho, 
  are you actually polish ? 
  not to be disrespectful but * waaaaay * too many americans say `` i am < insert european demonym here  '' when what they really mean is `` my great great grandfather ... '', 
  yup . 
  shameful . 
  forgive my ignorance , but were n't they genocided because they 're muslim ? 
  british media called them `` muslims '' rather than bosniaks . 
  so he * is * imprisoned . 
  shameful that it took so long , though . 
  as far as i know he 's detained awaiting trial . 
  / u/dbcrumpets committed a genocide `` no i did n't '' genocide denial !, 
  -- i 'm being purposefully ridiculous because that blanket statement was dumb . 
   greece  western europe, 
  exactly , why the fuck is this guy disgusted about the execution of a fucking tyrant ? 
  why ? 
  the cunts got what they deserved - ceau\u0219escu was the most brutal `` communist '' dictator by far . 
  fuckers should 've been impaled vlad-style instead of shot . 
  shit i just left istanbul the day before yesterday , wish i 'd been there to see that, 
  even old new york was once new amsterdam why they changed it , i ca n't say people just liked it better that waaaaaaay -- literally in istanbul right now so i guess it 's appropriate that i get this song stuck in my head ... 
  so just do n't sack constantinople no you just ca n't sack constantinople been a long time gone , oh constantinople why did constantinople get the works ? 
  that 's nobody 's business but the turks !, 
  where 's kosovo ? 
   vatican you sure you want to take on the swiss guard ? 
  exactly . 
  the middle east is n't a shit hole because `` fuckin mudslimes lol '' , the west is to blame for a lot of the problems there . 
  and jewish , too bad nobody prepaid their parking tickets ... 
  well that makes more sense, 
   christians follow the new testament . 
  and the old testament ... when it suits them . 
  \\  professes to be a christian \\  `` god is not a loving being '' what the fuck ? 
  i have literally never heard a christian say this . 
  the bible clearly spells out that god is love ... 
  that 's all good and well for western christianity but what about in african nations where people are still stoned for sodomy ? 
  except it 's more like the parking ticket guy paid the police a lump sum for all of your future parking offences . 
  jesus only died once . 
  and following that metaphor should n't you park illegally as often as you can to get your money 's worth ? 
  the democratic unionist party party . 
   intentional erosion of the ethnic nation calm the fuck down , adolf . 
  britain is not , nor has it ever been , an ethnostate - and frankly ethnonationalism is revolting . 
   any ~ ~ scottish ~ ~ `` person '' who votes conservative is a bawbag ftfy, 
   christian specifically proddy . 
  orange cunts, 
  do n't forget the rape clause ... 
   never seen anyone politically suicide that hard what about cameron for calling the brexit referendum in the first place ? 
   they wo n't use the force spanish police are n't jedi knights , noted , 
  well , one of the sides is ... 
   i 'm irish , my monsters are your heroes lol nah mate brits out , tiocfaidh ar la. 
  i find all that rule britannia pish jingoistic and terrible also , but that does n't mean i ca n't set aside a special hatred for adolf hitler . 
  the systematic torture and murder of eleven million people is an evil that , to my mind , has never been topped by any other historical figure . 
   caught on the wrong side of history that is putting it mildly, 
   the first question is what websites do they visit , and then go on from there . 
  mass surveillance - what could go wrong ? 
  goodbye privacy !, 
  oh and incidentally this would require a backdoor to be placed into every encryption algorithm , otherwise they 'd just use a vpn . 
  why do n't we ask the victims of the wannacry ransomware attack what they think about government backdoors ? 
   as far as i 'm aware every european has a number with their personal details attached to it . 
  not sure how this is on the continent but this is not true in the uk . 
  religion is not required on birth certificates , passports , or any form of identification here . 
   ridiculous and obvious trolling . 
  not really - it is n't that huge a leap from stripping the right to privacy from a religious group ( better make that ethnic group , otherwise the radical muslims would just lie about their faith ) . 
  it 's literally one letter away from hitler . 
  they made the right call . 
  ohhhh so that 's why that game franchise called that ... 
  that sounds like a good idea but it falls down in practice . 
  how do we know if a muslim is radicalised ? 
  how do we even know who is muslim , do we make them register ? 
  maybe have them wear little gold stars ( and crescents ) and only go out in the daytime when they can be seen ?
