in a rational discussion like this one you should have quotes like `` more children will die in the mediterranean '' or `` xenophobic rich ... '' . 
  you try to make me feel sympathy for refugees then please do n't try to make me feel like shit for daring to have a different oppinion from the mainstream . 
  that is not communication , thats a monologue and sadly i ( like most of east europeans ) am tired of monologues and meaningless words . 
  for a whole summary of the video : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_to_emotion, 
  yes i get you . 
  it is ignorant to live your life as some people centuries ago told us to . 
  but it 's easy for us to say that , we live in a pretty educated world , they not so much . 
  i do n't know about you but if i were to be born there i do n't think i would be very different from them as i would n't know better, 
  but people change , their religions change and their ideas change too . 
  and it does matter , christianity and islam are not similar . 
  i see that ukraine is becoming more democratic day by day . 
  `` soldiers !, 
  do n't give yourselves to brutes , men who despise you , enslave you ; who regiment your lives , tell you what to do , what to think and what to feel !, 
  who drill you , diet you , treat you like cattle , use you as cannon fodder . 
  do n't give yourselves to these unnatural men - machine men with machine minds and machine hearts !, 
  you are not machines , you are not cattle , you are men !, 
  you have the love of humanity in your hearts !, 
  you do n't hate !, 
  only the unloved hate ; the unloved and the unnatural . '', 
  - the great dictator, 
  well they were advanced into the modern era in a few centuries . 
  from tribal societies where reading and writing were science-fiction to places with education and organized religion . 
  there were introduced to ideas of schools , trade and transportation . 
  yes colonies sometimes had that exploitative spin to them but what was the orld back then , people were exploited even in their countries . 
  overall the contact between socienties , muslim-christian , christian-african , american or asian was a good thing . 
  languages evolved to understand ideas and concepts that were strange to them by the time , plants and different animals found their way in places they did n't occur naturally etc, 
  i 'm not from a former colony and i do n't know what my surname means either . 
  it 's true it was a hard time for everybody back then , but in the end i think it was better off for the colonized . 
  such melodrama ... 
  congratulations to russia for the rocket and to esa for the spacecraft . 
  in moments like these we see that there are no differences between us , only those made by petty politics and religion . 
  it gives us hope that in the future we will learn to work togheter as one big europe . 
  i think they are refering to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rm1otw6fpg ( probs nsfw ) it 's a woman doing wierd stuff with rotten pasta and her vagina . 
  i know it 's funny , on one hand if all of it is just an act then it 's a great piece of art . 
  all those hipsters staring blankly at the `` artist '' , the artist doing bullshit art . 
  the aspect of it all , the awkward silence . 
  it would be a good work of art , a parody of the 21st century in us . 
  sadly it 's not a parody and the artist wanted it to be taken seriously , that makes me sad and a bit hopeless in our species survival , 
  you can do better than that . 
  yes every brexiter is some blood thirsty barbarian . 
  blame an entire group for the actions of one person , that should help your cause . 
  because that 's not an argument in itself . 
  gentle or beautiful etc. 
  are such loaded terms they do n't make any sense in trying to make an objective argument . 
  yes because everything will be bright as the times square , by then we will surely know how to convert human stupidity into electricity . 
  sounds like something a romanian president would do for sure . 
  if it makes you feel better you can share our coast, 
  school and exams in your native language ( hungarian , croatian , german , gypsy language/rromani ? , serbian , turkish , polish etc ) . 
  universities that teach in native languages ( hungarian , german ) and those universities are not private , we are talking about public funded universities . 
  representation of minorities in the romanian parliament , minority parties for germans , hungarians and gypsies . 
  yeah we are n't tolerance heaven , but for an eastern european country that just starts to wake-up after communism we sure are a good example of inclusion and tolerance . 
  you know there are muslim terror groups in the caribbean , right ? 
  jamaat al-muslimeen is their organization name . 
  it 's fashionable nowadays to respond to criticism of islam with criticism towards christianity . 
  while the comparison could be made with the old form of christianity from the late middle ages ( catholicism and inquisition ) or modern era ( protestants and witch hunts ) or the current form of it in third world countries , they do n't have anything in common as christian values are not a threat to western values , christianity gave birth to laic laws or humanism after all . 
  i bet it 's not close to 30 % of christians that are against secular laws . 
  goes against the narrative at the moment . 
  so shhhh !, 
  improve what ? 
  the way people comment on youtube comments ? 
  the comments are not that bad at all . 
  retarded ? 
  yes , to be expected from youtube comments . 
  as a matter of fact we do , and they are all asking the same question . 
  nice trolling mate !, 
  why does luxembourg even exist in the first place ? 
   what you will be able to do , is to work for your own pleasure , be it creating art , inventing new technologies , helping others socially , etc. 
  i do n't think you 've been around people much in your life . 
  most people have no talents whatsoever , they are not inventors , nor are they artists , they just live to go to work , come home , drink , eat , fuck and sleep . 
   even today , i do my work because i enjoy it . 
  if i received some `` free money '' in the form of basic income , that would never stop me from doing what i do now . 
  i as a geologist also love my work , but my work makes me travel a lot to different countries , sometimes not safe countries . 
  the big pay is a big incentive for me doing this job , and i assure you for most geologists as well . 
   technology and automation will free them from this routine and will enable them to pursue their dreams . 
  this should not be the point , the automation makes sense only if you manage somehow to delete half of the earth 's population , people that have no other function than to breathe oxygen and produce co2 . 
   if your dream really is to `` do nothing '' most people have that dream , just visit any romanian city when welfare is due , a lot of them come to collect it , but the job finding agency is almost empty . 
  most people do n't like working , at all . 
  i do n't know what 's more sad . 
  the fact that people think they show the gypsy women as romanian is the real problem or the fact that they do n't even understand they are talking about real people being sexual slaves in a country that could n't care less as long as it does n't hit the mainstream media . 
  hello fellow romanians ? 
  we are talking about real people here , not animals !, 
  because nigeria does n't give that much wellfare probably , or maybe she wanted to escape nigeria to egypt but egypt does n't receive her so she 's like `` why not germany ? '', 
  first of all not only nationalism created the nazis . 
  it was a whole social system that permeated all europe in the 20th century , germany was not the only island of hate in a sea of tolerance , the whole continent jumped into that hate boat . 
  that we should respond to violence with violence , not only monetary support against the fighting but actually fighting , a systematic war against any islamic terrorist organization or country that supports such practices . 
  blaming an entire population for some war that they payed their dues . 
  they were bombed , starved and then humiliated after the ww2 , do you think they should get more blame ? 
  if you blame germany for the war you blame all the countries as a lot of innocents were killed in the name of every ideology be it , democracy , fascism or communism ... germany is just an easy scapegoat because they lost the war . 
  get real , learn some history and not everything is black and white . 
  the aim of these attackers is to spread terror , is to show us how easy a target we are , in our own countries . 
  when the governments that should protect us , because we pay for them , tell us we should respond to people shot dead , thrown off buildings because they are gay , to women that have to live in the perpetual middle ages , to people burned alive with hashtags , crying over the tv , coloring some building in some flags you snap and decide some change is necessary . 
  the terrorists do n't want us to become like them , they want us to lose any will to fight , to fear so much we fade into nothingness , they hate the whole idea of us . 
  who is this slovenia ? 
  this is like calling democracy not a european idea just because countries from other parts of the world are democratic ... 
   north africa was one of the richest and most influent part of the empire maybe egypt , but anyway , i do n't see the connection with what were we talking . 
  i am not ignoring african christianity , i just said christianity in it 's early times was spread through the roman empire by europeans , romans , greeks etc. 
  pagans started adopting christianity here in europe first and foremost . 
  the middle east remained for a big period polytheist untill the arrival of islam . 
  yes the muslims in iberia had a big impact but modern europe started after the reconquista with the first solidification of a state in the iberian peninsula . 
  the muslims influence mainly comes from trade and the knowledge they kept from the ancient greeks , knowledge that was either lost in europe or was deemed of unimportance .
