  40.000 in a population of 324,118,787 is something like 0.012 % , very little , it shows that is not a big problem . 
  in what developed capitalist country is starvation or dying of infectious diseases a major problem ? 
  the fact that you live in a country ( based on your flag ) that experienced totalitarianism , right and left ( no big difference anyway ) and still are an apologetic for it is amazingly sad ... 
  in the east there was no * real socialism * ^ tm only state capitalism . 
  and what do the ones that are intelligent and religious do ? 
  communism is benevolent ? 
  haha , to who ? 
  not to the ones that produce capital, 
  yeah , from all eastern europe ... good luck with that !, 
  like it or not ( 54 % upvoted ) she is right . 
  in the western society minorities think they have it hard , in some aspects of society i think they do , be it sexual or racial minorities , some parts of the european culture is harming them , that is true . 
  but , when you see feminist women and men that argue for bullshit like manspreading , pronouns or the fact that toys in a store catalog are marketed based on gender identity as the most harming to peace and safety of such minorities you begin to laugh at them and move on , which makes even greater harm for said minorities as society will ignore their issues just because `` some feminist , socialist etc is arguing for them '' . 
  in the second world , ex communist europe , we see it as something really funny . 
  as a gay person i sometimes face hate directly , real hate , like punching , insulting or even spitting ( all three happened when i lived in a smaller city in romania ) and the left instead of trying to help us here in east to build bridges to the general population , they sever them with this bullshit . 
  we see gay people marching for islam , women who want sharia law as `` feminist revolutionary activists '' , burkas as a symbol for freedom and a general hate for everything that even remotely seems `` traditionally european '' because it 's racist . 
  will the general population push back against it ? 
  i am sure of it , sooner than later , will it harm minorities that face hate , it will . 
  can we do anything ? 
  only when the western left stops playing `` marxist revolutionary simulator ^ tm '' and start actually noticing they live in the most liberal and rich society that ever existed in human history and start opposing anything that even tries to undermine it . 
  sorry for long rant :(, 
  did they hurt other people 's rights or cause any mayhem against democracy ? 
  yes christian fundamentalists throw gay people out of building roofs from bucharest to seattle and back . 
  hahaha , climb down to real life and we 'll talk . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say, 
  well europe at the starting of the 20th century is completely different from our europe . 
  if the eu would disappear today i do n't think there would be any wars , why would countries fight nowadays when it 's easier to dominate through economic competition . 
  we were talking about marriage and the christian definition of marriage , or at least my interpretation of it from what i 've learned in the church and the bible . 
  and that is , a child so be produced only to husband and wife that are married before god . 
  adoptions of course are not unchristian . 
  you do n't even need to marry in order to adopt , not in christianity . 
  i do n't know about surrogate mothers and sperm donors , something tells me in the judea of the roman empire there was n't much concern about that back then . 
  gay families do n't produce children biologically between spouses . 
  they either adopt or have a surrogate mother in case of gay men . 
  in case of gay women they either adopt , have a surrogate mother or one is the mother with another man . 
  dude i am gay , believe me two men or two women can not have children , i do n't know how old you are but you should ask your mother or some teacher to explain the `` birds and bees '' . / s anyway , i know what you mean , i was just saying what christianity teaches about marriage and what the point of marriage is . 
  catholic priests , gay or straight can not marry in anyway . 
  concerning gay marriage no real christian church would allow it because for christians marriage is a mean to produce children and all children should come from marriage so it 's not adultery . 
  marriage without children has no meaning in christianity and anyway gay people should not concern themselves with whatever the church is teaching because what the state does is in no way the church 's problem . 
  also in christianity the homosexual thought is not evil in itself , but homosexual acts because they are sins of the flesh , it 's sex for the pleasure of the body not for procreation . 
  and christians are allowed to eat pork based on quotes from the new testament like mark 7:15 -20 or matthew 15:11 to name just two . 
  well the first hungarian in space went there one year before our prunariu , so technically they were the first in space :p, 
  so why would anybody want it down ? 
  what 's so wrong with the gate and what 's the link to the nazi party ? 
  i have nothing against russia , why would the average romanian feel something negative against russia ? 
  being protected by armed police and the army in your own capitals it 's not normal for a country . 
  but in the democratic and tolerant west it is . 
  haha , you 're a funny one . 
  so you deport the terrorists ? 
  how will you know who is a terrorist before he/she does an act of terrorism ? 
  or do you wish to give the government power to deport anyone who has some religion or ethnicity that you could connect to acts of terrorism ? 
  well , let 's hope they do n't win election/stage coups . 
  so you want to live in a glass house with the government watching everything you do ? 
  what will happen , let 's say , if you are targeted by the government in the future ? 
  who will defend your freedom when everyone is too worried about their own lives ? 
  do you want muslims to personally call isis and ask them nicely if they could stop the killings ? 
  you know muslims are targeted everyday in the middle east by terrorists , right ? 
  what can you possibly do in this situation ? 
  let ourselves get so scared our freedom and privacy is corroded away ? 
  give these ideals for free just because we are afraid of the next terrorist attack ? 
  this single earthquake changed the way western civilization sees nature and god . 
  he is the most powerful man in the united states he has no counterpart , duh . 
  and he has no opposite because i do n't think he as a politician takes any place on left-right spectrum , not that the left-right spectrum makes any sense in the 21st century anyway, 
  you really think trump is an extremist ? 
  lately it is coming to light the fact that the established academia in the states at least has a left-leaning positioning . 
  so in 2017 we have in the first place ukraine ( a war-torn country ) , sweden ( for various reasons ) and russia ( a general shithole ) . 
  interesting . 
  i am saying that the pension system and the welfare state will collapse before the people born in the 80-90 get to retirement age, 
  you know that 's what i meant ... 
  you really think you or any of us will see our retirement money ? 
  do n't be so naive, 
   the right to be treated with decency where ? 
  on the internet ? 
  should the constitution protect peoples fee-fees ? 
   and not constantly have their identity questioned i am a white dude . 
  if i say that i am a black woman , should the state make sure people respect that ? 
  even better , am i delusional ? 
  and when the people that created and carried those values vanish ... what do you suppose it will happen to those values eventually ? 
  i think he was n't talking about the continent but the civilization ... 
  that is not an answer to my question . 
  i repeat : what teaching in christianity do you see as purely political ? 
  what christian teaching do you see as a political manifesto ? 
  well christianity was never meant to be a set of political beliefs and feminism is an idea that had connections with politics , while jesus did n't have anything to do with politics , neither should . 
  islam on the other hand is both a political and a religious mindset . 
  i do n't need to imagine , i live in romania . 
  what does an alliance have to do with the general population of a territory living with another one . 
  like the french living with muslims together in the middle ages or even later ? 
  the eastern europe and the balkans especially had contact with muslims before your western countries , by far . 
  i do n't feel represented and i somehow even dislike it for making difficult for us gays in eastern europe come out as normal people when most of the prides people think about have naked people and depravity in public . 
  i 'm surprised 20 % of young romanians care about the eu elections . 
  some people really care about the eu i guess, 
  well you clearly are not . 
  i was referring to our shared evolution from singled cell organism to animals capable of reason . 
  and even when we evolved for billions of years you show no reason and i see you 're not just joking , and that is sad . 
  omg you are so funny i can not see if you troll or not . 
  for the sake of your genetic lineage i hope you just troll . 
  well the koran is pretty much against the jews . 
  so they do not try to preach hate for hates sake but to preach an un-adultered interpretation of their religious book . 
   i 'm a communist learn some economics and grow some common sense, 
  what ?
