  anyway , what it meant for our discusion was that europe evolved mainly because of our connectivness and conflict . 
  we were many cultures squashed on a small portion of land , so some conflict was inevitable . 
  i think this was our major advantage , the most prosperous , the best fighter or economic countries survived and continue to play the game , so in the long run europe created vastly superior countries and culture to anywhere else in the world ( with some exceptions ofc ), 
  first of all europe is a continent and not a culture . 
  there are several cultures of europe , the most important being the western civilization which arose in the middle ages , through the diverse interactions between different european cultures and migrations . 
  the ideas of the modern state was born in europe , the idea of secularization was born in europe , capitalism , science etc. 
  everything that makes europe what it is today arose in europe and not in some far reaching corner of the world . 
   christianity is a middle eastern religion christianity is a stricly european religion . 
  it was formed in the roman empire , the councils happened in greece or roman owned anatolia . 
  it 's true , christianity sprung as a sect of judaism , but it formed it 's philosophies with the help of pagan religions and greek culture . 
   the roman empire was more mediterranean than it was european what does that even mean ? 
  european culture arose from the city of rome . 
  law , military , religion everything that turned out to be parts of future european countries came from rome . 
   the ancient greeks defined europe simply as `` the land to the west of the bosporous '' cool , nice lesson in geography . 
  what does it have to do with anything ? 
   byzantine empire also had more territory in asia than it did in europe for most of its existence . 
  that does n't make byzantium un-european , it was the remaining part of the roman empire afterall . 
  nazi germany started as a battered , humiliated , economically dead country and in a few years turned into a force that threatened the world and conquered europe . 
  in those few years of existence they pushed the limits of science in warfare . 
  they were n't the british and did n't have an empire across the world , empire build on conquering less developed people . 
  they had an empire made from conquering equal powerful countries ( in term of culture , economics and army technology ) . 
  well , let me play a bit of a devil 's advocate ... nazi germany was at it 's peak a superpower , probably the first in the world . 
  russia was during it 's communist times a scientific and military power . 
  europe knew it 's peak as a political , economic and cultural entity in times when democracy was not that popular . 
  democracy can be detrimental to the development of a country as the people might not vote with a vision of decades in the future , democracy does n't plan , it acts in bits of 4 or 5 years . 
  make it legal telecom companies to prioritize traffic if they want to , let the market decide.some will use this , some will deny the priviledges to big companies and receive a great marketing scheme as caregivers for the people . 
  stop passing laws and interfering with capitalism , let the free will of the businessman choose what is best for his/hers company , it 's not your problem . 
  pornhub , reddit or youtube are priviledges not rights , the state has no saying in this nor it should . 
  more regulations and laws ? 
  you need a nanny ? 
  and do you really think that if a machine can do your work better there is any chance for you to still have a job ? 
  first of all i want you to know i apreciate you 've taken your time to give such good and detailed answer . 
  cheers to you !, 
  second of all , you are right . 
  i went a bit off there into idealism and over-simplification and maybe my answer should have been less black and white because it is a complicated problem . 
  so thanks again for taking your time to give such good answer . 
  cut off any relationships with countries that support such acts . 
  punish greatly everyone that is found that he/she has links with isis . 
  stop the influx of migrants from problematic countries . 
  stop trying to be the saviors of the world . 
  place your own citizens in front of the wellness of others . 
  capital punishment or hard punishment for everyone that tries to smuggle people inside our countries . 
  it 's human trafficking and it 's a very ugly thing so we need to punish it accordingly . 
  solve the demographic crisis so that such migrants will never be needed here , also stop feeding countries in africa or asia that can not survive on their own , it only creates a fake growth that will never be survivable especially after the global warming will start hitting them hard . 
  no it 's worse , it 's something you can not change . 
  of course you can . 
  if a person can be arrested for plotting of a murder of another one a terrorist can get arrested for being in contact with terrorist organizations , visiting radicalization centers , weird behavior of travelling to countries that are basically birthplaces of islamic terrorism etc. 
   if it was n't for cowards of you too blind to see the bigger picture there 'd be no misunderstanding about who is actually winning this conflict . 
  ok .  just because we wo n't turn away millions of innocent people does n't mean we 've done nothing . 
  what?the refugees or the muslims living in europe ? 
  did i say anything about the refugees ? 
  did i call for muslim deportation or something ? 
   they have n't even killed a single person who actually matters in the grand scheme of things everyone matters in the big scheme of things . 
  just not for you . 
   killing pedestrians would accomplish literally nothing if not for cowards like you who play right into their hands like the useful idiot you are . 
  yes we should kill them with kindness . 
  join some political party , you have great plans and a good rhetoric , we might even vote for you if we are smart enough . 
  well let me ask you another question . 
  why there is n't such organization for gay people , gypsies , people with aids in romania . 
  we are the three most hated minorities here . 
  i am a gay guy in romania which is a very homophobic society . 
  i got called names , a was attacked in public etc. 
  i always knew it was society 's fault for what happens to me . 
  why did n't i drove a car in a church gathering or a national assembly ? 
  if i always felt disconnected by my own society ? 
  well the police usually says it was known by them but for some reason it escaped them . 
  and the security services know there are centers of radicalization all across western europe , maybe even here in the east ... what do they do ? 
  and who 's that professional ? 
  so muslims when they feel discriminated against go on a full rampage of killing and terrorizing communities ? 
  it 's like if someone slaps your father/mother or boyfriend/girlfriend and you just start talking how even if your loved one was hurt you do n't care and it 's just a natural path of this life on earth , you win just because you did nothing . 
  have we forgot how to be men ? 
  how to defend ourselves or at least how to retaliate as a society ? 
  now people say that if we are afraid the terrorists win , it 's like saying if you try to remove the knife that stabbed you the knife will win because you gave it the undeserving attention . 
  not only we need to give a reaction but we need to be angry . 
  angry on ourselves for letting this go this far , angry on our politicians for not doing enough to help the situation , angry on the state that claims it takes care of us but nothing is done , always the same `` he was known by the police , he was radicalized in prison etc. ), 
  and not last we need to be angry at them , yes you might have won the battle but the war is not finished and they need to know if we wanted their entire lands be reduced to dust we can do it with minimal effort . 
  you were n't criticizing his opinion to begin with because : 1 ) he had no opinion to begin with . 
  2 ) you were attacking him based on his country . 
  yes now the terrorists will reconsider their actions and will strive to live with us in peace and unity like brothers and sisters . 
  so if he 's a national of a country he can not have any opinion about anything . 
  just because russia gives a hard time to the gays it does n't mean it 's his fault . 
  you judge a human being for the group he is part of ... that 's a little bit ... racist . 
  do n't you think ? 
  last time the far left was in charge they also imprisoned gay people and made them live outside of the law . 
  so what do we do now ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  that totalitarianism can be a source of discrimination against minorities ? 
  do you think le pen has totalitarian aspirations ? 
  why not ? 
  but they are n't jail time or even half a second worth of government time worthy . 
  also where does it say she wished the death of someone ? 
  let me see if i understand this correctly ... 
  someone said some jokes on twitter , chessy stupid ones , and she is given a one year jail sentence because of it ? 
  damn ... 
  the future look bleak !, 
  relax the hive-mind of teens with political views will go somewhere else when this gets boring . 
  meanwhile uk is still greater than almost all the continent and you should not care what people think . 
  well in romania we have shitty hospitals and schools that fall apart , i think the well being of the blue whale and the sequoia should not be on the top 10 priorities of ours . 
   forgets she lives on a continent where the population was always a monolith of sorts did i say she was not ? 
  good times !,
