  ( not ), 
  some very tolerant and beautiful people these communists were , i wonder why people could n't wait to get rid of them, 
   because if the land of gay marriage and coffee shops falls nice way to summarize a people with history and culture that spans more than 1000 years . 
   students in my race and ethnicity courses at the university of michigan now i know why the above statement was simplistic and retarded . 
  it comes from someone who teaches `` race and ethnicity '' . 
   seventy years ago , the country saw a larger percentage of its jewish population deported and killed than any other western european nation . 
  yes , the netherlands today can be judged by the actions of groups that acted almost a century ago . 
  basically the same country . 
  then the author goes in citing two studies , one in which compares new york and amsterdam , american and dutch cultures like that is a normal scientific comparison , a country that was founded by colonialism and whole idea of population immigration and another founded on nationalistic ideals of independence and freedom . 
  and the other about how the monolithic white population that is progressive does not do enough to settle and help a more conservative muslim population . 
  like integration is not some kind of two way street . 
  the majority gives you the means and legal framework for you to develop and you either adopt the status quo of the majority culture or i 'm afraid you will live in your own bubble of a country inside a country . 
   from former or current colonies dutch empire strikes back . 
  jesus what is wrong with these people ? 
   zwarte piet ( the blackfaced helper of saint nicholas ) yup , when i 've read the first sentences of this article i knew it will say at least something about this . 
  dissapointed it was only this sentence , i expected more from you salon . 
  all in all this ** annemarie toebosch ** thinks european politics are some kind similar to the united states political arena where identity politics is fair game , forgets she lives on a continent where the population was always a monolith of sorts and the divide was more on the lines of religion and language than race . 
   china will be a superpower in 10 -- 20 years yeah right ... 
   the leader of eu this statement is so sad it 's actually funny . 
  we guys ? 
  what is far right besides the fascists ? 
  your previous comment . 
  you seem to separate the world in good and evil , with evil targeting instinct and intuition , while somebody , another part i presume what you see the good targets rationality like there is any party or political organism that works on reason . 
  well wilders is a capitalist that asks for less regulation and less welfare . 
  the exact opposite of fascism that we use as a prime example of far right politics . 
  the partial burqa ban is again nothing that is far right , also it 's only a partial ban concerning public spaces . 
  a far right government or party would strive to push `` morality and behavior '' in the houses of citizens , in their private lives . 
  a normal , right or left party pushes `` morality '' in an individual 's social and public life , that 's how the law works in civilized countries . 
  if i remember correctly he also said he does n't have anything against muslims that abide by the laws and cultural norms of the netherlands . 
  also , he was talking about criminals who break the law in disregard of the culture that hosts them , like let 's say like honor killings or trying to impose sharia . 
  also deportations are not inherent to far right politics . 
  he is right wing economically with a bit of american-like socially conservative ideas but still he has a long way to go until he 's to be in the big blurry-lined category of `` far right wingers '' . 
  where ? 
  name me a far right party in europe , it 's influence and why do you think it 's far right , please . 
  where in europe do you see the rise of the far right \u2122 ? 
  gods seem to be as good as the people who worship them , i wonder why ... 
  oh my sweet summer child . 
  if you think politics and economics at the lowest stage , at the level of the individual relationship with the collective , are run by reason you 've got hard times ahead of you ... 
  was n't there a referendum in 2014 or something like that ? 
  or they want one every year ? 
   the leader of the free world meets donald trump such circlejerk since trump won , like him or not he still is the leader of the most powerful country in the world and his word has huge sway across the world , while merkel which is cool in some ways rules a country that can barely be called a regional power . 
   why should any decent person not discriminate against fascists or nazis ? 
  do you even have an idea what fascism is ? 
  if so cool , you 're one of the first in history to really give a definition of fascism as no one really knows how to define it . 
   treating differently minorities ( be it religious , ethnic or sexual ) just because it 's racism . 
  you do n't treat a religion , an ethnicity or a sexuality differently . 
  you treat an ideology , islamism is the ideology based on religious texts , and when you have a population that subscribes to such ideology you need to be careful about importing such people en masse . 
   most people in romania do n't really think its a good idea do we live in the same romania ? 
  maybe most of your friends or most of redditors but i assure you most of romanians either do n't give a shit or accept the project . 
  ah yes , not to be confused with swiss putin or czech putin . 
  well taking the parliament with them , if you have a shitty party in office you have a shitty population and a shitty government ... 
  nah , radical left wing terrorism is better . 
  edgy ... 
  do you really believe the fascists were persecuted by the communists because of the holocaust ? 
  ha ha , funny one ... 
  to call wilders far right is both unoriginal and straight up lying , but i guess anything goes when you want the click revenue . 
  in romania fascists were doing what they thought it was best for their country that they loved , now i know in the present we have a different perspective on what is good or bad for a country , but back then it was the norm . 
  in the years of communism many fascists were killed , tortured and humiliated for what they believed in , even if they did n't do anything per se , just because they were fascists . 
  do we need to remember then ? 
  yes of course , they died for their country and it 's people and in my opinion they are heroes . 
  well let 's take romania as an example of an eastern country in the wwii . 
  we started with an independence guaranteed by great britain and france . 
  the war started with hitler and stalin as somehow allies against poland as both countries had expansionist ideas to the west for russia and to the east for germany . 
  romania was aware that russia will try to push against our borders , mainly in the eastern parts we got from the dissolution of the russian empire after the wwi . 
  and also we knew that hitler will not think twice at invading us for the oil fields and high agricultural input , both needed for his machine of war . 
  petroleum was more important and we had a lot of it he did n't have almost any . 
  france fell under nazi occupation and great britain did n't have any sphere of influence here to support our independence and hitler started the invasion of russia , so romania had a choice to make , choose russia and we get wrecked by germany into oblivion also fall under the sphere of influence of russia which was never a good thing for romanians ( not because russian are worse than anybody else , but because that is what empires do ) . 
  or choose germany and keep at least a shadow of independence even if our diplomacy will be dictated by berlin . 
  you know how the world war went and russia proved very effective in the east , peace arrived and the world shifted the spheres of influences with romania falling into the russia sphere , communism came and the worst times are just about to begin . 
  romania was stripped of the economy , parts of it in the east were stripped of their identity and we remained just a small pawn on the big chessboard of european politics . 
  nobody in the east gained anything from that period , only a select few , i firmly believed the russian people also had it bad just like us , it 's just the common narrative to see the russian people as some kind of gainers from the soviet union . 
  the revolution came and romania gained freedom , but we again had to choose another sphere of influence , russian or american , we chose american because the memory of russian authority was alive into the memories of romanians also an american alliance would be the best way to ensure our survival in the next century , look at ukraine now and at romania now , who do you think fares better ? 
  ah germany , always knowing what is best for a whole continent ... 
  fish kebab ? 
  in what uncivilized hole do you live my friend ? 
  come back into the light . 
  yes turn on sight is a better solution and i think the eu will do that sooner or later , but sinking them on sight is not ok in my opinion and will never be a popular move to do . 
  why the fuck would you sink boats with civilians on board ? 
  well it 's not eu 's fault at all . 
  it had no power as an institution to change anything , a better thing would be : fuck some eu members who gave us the mess we are in . 
  for the migrants who rape or for rapists ? 
  and what do you do if in some years you find out the girl/guy was not a rapist and you killed an innocent ? 
  the middle ground is not cutting funds for not accepting refugees in the first place . 
  but yes i get it , we promised to do it and it 's common sense to respect what we said , i just think that cutting funds is not the way to make countries do something . 
  i just wanted to say that even if they cut the funds it will not affect us as countries that much , not enough to actually care . 
  romania got from the eu 30.84 billion e for the period of 2014-2020 . 
  that is 5.14 bilion per year . 
  our gdp is aprox 340 bilion euros , so romania gains like 1,5 % of the gdp from the eu . 
  yeah , i 'm sure the east will collapse if the west wants it . 
  they should be voted by the people in my opinion . 
  no but we vote for the party that will have the prime minister which will make the cabinet of ministers . 
  who the fuck cares what austria wants ? 
  seriously tho , why should the east care ? 
  well only the eu parliament is democratically elected , that being trough direct voting of the european people the other institutions are elected through representatives . 
   40 years of a dictatorship can do wonders later yes , just look at us eastern europeans bursting with personal freedoms and tolerance, 
  do you even know how hospitals looked like in eastern countries ? 
  yeah 40.000 die in the us because they ca n't afford health care , that 's sad . 
  please open up a fund , donate to them , volunteer there but do n't ask others to give if they do n't want to . 
  now think how many people die in socialist countries and died in the old warsaw-pact countries . 
  yeah capitalism has it 's problems , it creates a system that makes life so comfortable people seem to take for granted .
