i do n't think they can force the uk out . 
  they are bound by treaty . 
  if the uk break the eu rules , then they can be forced out . 
  but they have to break the rules first ( such as agreeing a trade-deal just for the uk ) . 
  if the uk chose to stay and just be belligerent and ruin and veto everything , i do n't think there is much the eu cold do in the short term . 
  in the long term , they could probably argue that the uk was breaking the treaties in spirit . 
  but trying to do that would be political suicide for a british government . 
  they 'd be getting hit by remainers ( for damaging the eu ) and by leavers ( for not leaving ) . 
  it could not be sustained . 
  and at the end of the day , all it would achieve is a guarantee that the uk would leave the eu with absolutely no deal on anything whatsoever . 
  and countries like france vetoing anything they propose to the wto . 
  it would be a catastrophe . 
  they miss basic plays the whole time . 
  we have entered the `` balanced '' media era , where they report things at face value and do not question them . 
  also , it took me from june until now to formulate that theory . 
  i 've been confused and angry for months . 
  now i 'm just angry . 
  i do n't think that other european politicians understand british politics . 
  the british approach would be ripped apart if it was tried against other british politicians . 
  but our opposition is utterly ineffective at the moment . 
  they should have spotted this , but they are falling over themselves trying to scrabble for votes and backing leave . 
  they should be using standard british tactics back : as should eu politicians . 
  `` the honourable gentleman knows full well that what he asks for simply is n't possible . 
  he can ask for pie in the sky all he wants but we ca n't give it to him even if we wanted to ; any more than a unicorn . 
  if the honourable gentleman wishes to discuss reasonable proposals , we 'd welcome it . 
  but as things stand , he is leading his country into not the promised land , but the land of fables and fairy tales . '', 
  haha , yeah he has made an entire * career * out of playing the buffoon . 
  but he did n't get to be mayor of london ( and a very popular one ) without a lot of political savvy . 
  he * almost * became prime minister just a few months ago . 
  it was unfortunate for him that his cynical campaigning actually worked so well , and he won the vote . 
  that was probably the biggest miscalculation of his entire career . 
  his face the day after the vote was amazing . 
  not a hint of jubilation . 
  he looked like a man found guilty and sentenced to hang . 
  he had hoped for a * narrow * `` remain '' vote to destabilise cameron enough for a leadership challenge , and then to assume control as a `` unifier '' who `` would obviously respect the will of the people to remain but will continue to campaign for reform '' . 
  this is fairly typical of johnson and the tories . 
  it looks insane , but it 's a good policy , and it will work . 
  what you have to bear in mind is what their aim is - and what it is * not * . 
  their aim is not to stay in the eu or to leave the eu ( either option would piss off about half the electorate ) . 
  their aim is not to get a good deal out of the eu ( it 's impossible on the terms which johnson et al outlined in the campaign , and they are n't stupid ; they have always know it would be impossible ) . 
  it is often said that they have been handed a `` poison chalice '' . 
  leaving the eu screws the uk economy , and they would be blamed . 
  staying in would invoke the wrath of leave voters . 
  a half-way deal ( in the single market ) would anger pretty much everyone . 
  no matter what they do , they will get the blame . 
  unless there is somebody else who can be blamed . 
  the plan here is to keep calm , appear friendly , and keep repeating the same impossible requests until the eu gets angry . 
  since that did n't work , it looks as if the policy now is to start suggesting increasingly bonkers things until eu politicians lose their patience and make angry remarks . 
  and * now * , ladies and gentlemen : * now * we have a scapegoat . 
  `` we tried to get a good deal with the eu but they were angry all the time and completely unreasonable . '', 
  and that 's how you get to your real aim : personal political survival in an impossible situation . 
  if you ca n't win : blame somebody else . 
  you just have to keep throwing pebbles at their window until they stick their head out and you can pour a bucket of shit over them . 
  ** edit ** spelling and to get the my new , shiny flair on the post, 
  i moved there recently . 
  brilliant city , wonderful weather . 
  yes . 
  i moved to spain a few weeks ago , from the uk . 
  absolutely zero regrets . 
  also , a much narrower front against france . 
  with mountains . 
  so whoever goes defensive will do better . 
  it 'd be settled by naval landings . 
  either on the west or south coast of france . 
  most likely , you 'd pass the french army going the other way , in their boats . 
  i am happy to stand corrected , 
  that patton was a good commander with a sound grasp of tactics is beyond doubt . 
  he also had faults , but the main ones which the movie misses , i think , are his lack of grasp of ( or ignoring of ) * strategy * , which was due to his own self-promotion . 
  he was a bit too much of his own fan . 
  he loved the publicity and the adoration of his soldiers . 
  he put that above the war effort , at times : ignoring orders from above and literally stealing supplies from other armies in order to continue his advance - thus hampering the overall war effort . 
  the movie was made at a time when people were still ( rather pointlessly ) arguing trans-atlantic over who was better : patton or montgomery , and it comes over as a bit of pro-patton propaganda and [ exaggerates his relationship with montgomery ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1ygzu9/how_pronounced_was_general_patton_and_general/ ) . 
  it really glosses over ( and sometimes even celebrates ) his indiscipline , imo . 
  it 's a great movie , very watchable , and patton was a talented and able commander . 
  but it 's obviously the work of a fan , at the end of the day , rather than a serious attempt to document the man . 
  i find the idea of somebody bagging for me both insulting to myself and humiliating to them . 
  the japanese high command believed that the usa was a fat , lazy society with no stomach for war . 
  one big attack , they thought , would have the usa capitulate on the japanese demands regarding oil ( without which they could not sustain war much longer and which the usa was denying them ) . 
  not all senior japanese shared this view . 
  yamamoto ( who led the attack ) had lived in the usa and the quote attributed to him about `` all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant '' is plausible . 
  certainly , he said that he could guarantee stunning victories for 12-18 months but then defeat was pretty certain . 
  which is precisely how it played out . 
  much less attention is given to it . 
  people like me , whose mother was a pow , are probably more aware than most . 
  even then , i find the european theatre more interesting . 
  probably because that 's where almost all movies focus . 
  from memory , no us pilots got airborne . 
  any that did would have been shot down . 
  japanese suffered almost no casualties . 
  they were battle-hardened pilots . 
  the way they fly in the movie makes them look like amateurs . 
  the us pilots also fly using essentially suicidal tactics but win gloriously hurrah etc. 
  as realistic as charging at machine gun for 100m to stab the gunner . 
  yeah . 
  he 's gon na shoot you . 
  radar was n't operational , let alone generating warnings . 
  a japanese sub * was * spotted and fired upon . 
  those were the first shots in anger by the usa in ww2 but the crew had no idea of that at the time . 
  like i said : from memory . 
  if you 're not gon na google , neither am i ,
