  `` patton '' is * hugely * one-sided iirc . 
  more like propaganda . 
  pretty sure that `` bridge too far '' is a british movie and `` longest day '' a collaboration . 
  the books they are based on are well worth reading , by the way . 
  most movies are entertainment , though . 
  they play hard and fast with the facts if it 'll get more people to watch . 
  if you 've not seen it , watch `` battle of britain '' for one of my all-time favs . 
  where did you live ? 
  i 've been told by a spanish friend that barcelona ( where i am ) is a lot more liberal than madrid . 
  haha , yeah . 
  listen to the dutch pronunciation on that link and it * does * sound a bit like a northern accent . 
  the german pronunciation is `` kind-er '' and the english is `` kynder '' . 
  english uses a long `` i '' and german a short `` i '' . 
  there 's a comparison here : http://forvo.com/word/kinder/ as you can hear , the two words are very different . 
  my german wife would like to point out the slight pronunciation difference which renders this pun slightly imperfect . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  the founding fathers are permanently rotating in their graves if one listens to american political commentators . 
  they apparently have some sort of reliable psychic connection and always know what they would have wanted . 
  the petition is not about changing the system . 
  the electoral college was created * specifically * for this situation . 
  the petition calls for the system to be used * as intended * . 
  i disagree with it , myself , but you should know what it 's for . 
  yeah , people will not forget his racism , islamaphobia , sexism and so on . 
  it will have won him a number of big fans here ( nigel farrage endorsed him for president and farrage has a lot of fans ) . 
  but it will have won him an even greater number of enemies . 
  imagine an official visit ; they 'd probably have to hold it outside of london because otherwise the protests would bring the whole city to a halt . 
  please do n't project your own attributes onto others . 
  it serves only to make you look silly . 
  well , we 've currently got a proto-fascist in charge right now . 
  may is using the same techniques as trump to win support and votes . 
  they would probably be mostly natural allies . 
  if labour win an election ( hahahahaha ) then we 'd see a dramatic about-turn . 
  probably support for sanctions against the usa if trump enacts even half of his racist/fascist policies . 
  more likely , if may gets replaced with a more moderate tory , they 'd probably try to tread a delicate path , because losing trade with the usa would make brexit an even bigger disaster than it already is . 
  yes , it 'll be decreased growth . 
  declining power and influence along with that , of course , and over a few decades it would be decline relative the eu , usa , and other larger economies . 
  it 's an option , of course . 
  the next generation will have to choose between rejoining the eu and continuing a steady decline . 
  i 'm glad i 'm getting out , either way . 
  those are fair concerns . 
  but as the previous poster said , the uk is unlikely to get those terms . 
  reduced contributions a la germany , maybe . 
  but i think the euro would not be optional . 
  indeed , but i still think it possible . 
  the younger generation ( < 35 years ) in the uk is * livid * with what has happened . 
  in 20-30 years , i believe that it is quite possible that they will vote to rejoin in a full capacity but without all the special treatment which the uk kept gaining through threats . 
  that 's just my own opinion , of course . 
  rejoining the eea might actually be trickier . 
  norway are not too keen on having a big country with a lot of influence as part of the eea , as it could see their influence lessen . 
  yes . 
  the uk govt have made free movement politically impossible . 
  if the uk does leave , it ca n't come back for maybe 20 years , i think . 
  it 's possible but if you listen to what may is saying , it would make some compromises political suicide . 
  she can not allow free movement now . 
  no way . 
  give it 20 years and it may happen . 
  it 's that or long term decline . 
  also , the older generation will have died off , and it was them who voted out . 
  this sounds about right , except the bit about coming back . 
  the uk government have made that politically impossible . 
  while i am devastated for my country , i 'm actually glad for the eu as a whole . 
  uk governments have treated the eu as a political football and misrepresented it so they can `` stand up to it '' . 
  the referendum was probably inevitable . 
  you ca n't lie that long and that hard about something and then expect people to want to remain in it . 
  personally , i 've moved to spain and will pursue citizenship either here or germany . 
  the government have made that all but impossible with their rhetoric over immigration , alas . 
  it 's very possible in mallorca , where my mother in law lives . 
  she 's been there 20 years and never learned spanish . 
  though she speaks german to be fair , not english . 
  i 'd guess the south east coast too , where there are several hundred thousand british people living . 
  and yeah , `` survive '' is the word here . 
  it 's not pleasant and yo apprendo espanol , per lentamente . 
  how embarrassing . 
  thanks for the polite correction !, 
  a book on barcelona is on my shopping list but has n't yet been bought . 
  time to raise the priority on that , clearly . 
  if sweden had joined the allies they would have been occupied by the nazis very quickly . 
  the rights of their citizens would have been removed , and swedish jews persecuted and murdered . 
  sweden did not want to declare an alliance with nazi germany . 
  i do n't think there was any honourable course for sweden except neutrality . 
  except with added nazi , i 'd imagine . 
  since the third reich was officially nazi , and had nazi laws , i imagine that the nutters in german believe that those laws are still in effect . . 
  basque country includes the city of barcelona , yes ? 
  a lot of people here in barcelona speak good english . 
  or enough for me to make myself understood with my limited spanish . 
  obviously i want to learn spanish while i live here , but i can * survive * ok . 
  backseat ? 
  never !, 
  when i was young ( in the early 1980s ) we used to go to wales on holiday . 
  we staying in a little farmhouse in a valley , once a year . 
  the man who owned the farmhouse did not speak a word of english ; just welsh . 
  it was his daughter and his grandchildren who did all the talking , because he had never left wales and had never had any need to learn english before they started to rent out the farmhouse . 
  nowadays , i live in barcelona . 
  i moved here 4 weeks ago and still only speak very little english . 
  i know enough spanish to get by ( for now ) with basic things . 
  the lady in the local bank speaks a little english and we can make ourselves understood on * most * things , but by no means all . 
  i will certainly have to learn spanish to survive here ( and some catalan , but spanish will be the priority ) . 
  i wanted a year in spain . 
  after the vote , that became `` permanently in the eu '' . 
  i might stay here , or might go to germany .
