  you just do n't give a fuck , so there 's no constant stress . 
  perhaps another reason is the atmosphere -- american movies/shows always portray high school as something awful , while i 'd say that most people in poland would agree that middle/high school is a wonderful time . 
  but , really , i doubt anyone has a clue what precisely is going on . 
  poland 's gdp in 2012 was $ 490 billion , so in the 2007-2013 period the total gdp will be a little less than 6 times that . 
  that 's the relevant figure if you want to put things in perspective . 
  a pole here . 
  i 'd be very skeptical about attributing unemployment in poland to welfare . 
  i am not a big fan of welfare , i think a lot of it is wasteful and provides horrible incentive ( for the us redditors who long for free higher education -- poland is a great example how it can lead to a huge amount of wasted and misallocated resources ; it 's not a complete disaster , but it 's nothing to praise either ) . 
  however , welfare payments will not get you very far . 
  you can survive on it , but you are scrimping and barely getting by . 
  it also does n't help your social status , which i think is the most ridiculous claim you have made . 
  my first thought would be to look at the structural problems other than welfare . 
  there is a lot ( though , from what i read , less than in the past ) bureaucratic hurdles to jump through if you want to start a company , the tax system is not particularly easy to deal with either . 
  those are non-trivial barriers to entry . 
  more importantly though , i think demographics and history could provide a partial answer . 
  poland has only started catching up after an awful 20th century a short time ago . 
  most of the population was born and raised in a fairly different country than it is now . 
  there is a problem with skill mismatch ( or lack of useful skills altogether ) , a problem with unemployment in non-urban areas . 
  health issues are more often a problem ( an average 60-year-old in us is in much different shape than an average 60-year-old in poland ) . 
  a lot of smart and ambitious people have emigrated to uk , germany , and other western european country after joining the eu . 
  low work ethic is most definitely not an answer . 
  hell , just look at the hundreds of thousands of poles who moved to uk , ireland , germany , us , and many other countries just to work . 
  by the way , the thing that worries me the most about poland 's future is the abysmally low birth rate , which is around 1.17 iirc , one of the lowest in the world . 
  my battery is running out , so it turned into a minor ramble , but i just wanted to point out some other problems poland faces . 
  if you have any questions/counterpoints , i 'd be happy to discuss any particular issue further . 
  the spelling of poland 's capital is incorrect . 
  it 's gniezno , not gniezdo . 
  perhaps i should specify what i meant . 
  based on what i see in my day-to-day life ( i live in pomorze/pomerania , btw . ), 
  and the people i spend my time with , there 's no antipathy towards lithuania or lithuanians . 
  i was actually in poznan when what you linked to happened ( though i was n't at the game ) . 
  when i talked to other people about the banner , the consensus was that is was just pseudo fans being xenophobic in general . 
  i 'd expect something similar if they played a team from any other country . 
  until you showed it in this context , i ( nor anyone i talked with ) interpreted it as a gesture that happened because the other team was from lithuania . 
  two more quick points : - i 'm in my early 20s and so are most of the people i spend my time with . 
  perhaps older generations see it differently . 
  - the views of lech poznan pseudo supporters are most definitely not representative of general populaion 's views . 
  the tension and disagreement is almost exclusively on the political level . 
  i 'm a pole and i only know about polish-lithuanian `` conflict '' from newspaper and history books . 
  that 's unlike relationship with , say , russia . 
  we make fun of russians on daily basis . 
  now , hand me over that bottle of vodka , it 's almost noon . 
  i agree . 
  i always remind myself that even after the disastrous 2005-2007 , pis still got ~ 33 % in 2007 elections . 
  ideally i 'd like to see a po-nowoczesna coalition . 
  but i 'm afraid egos will get in the way . 
  both petru and schetyna want to be the prime minister . 
  it 'd be embarrassing for po to form a pre-election coalition with nowoczesna as a junior partner , so that clearly wo n't happen . 
  on the other hand it 's possible that nowoczesna will be ahead of po in the polls ( e.g. 
  pis 25 % , nowoczesna 20 % , po 15 % is possible ) before the 2019 elections , so petru might refuse to form a coalition . 
  he 'd be the prime minister in a post-election nowoczesna-po government , but they 'd most likely have a small parliamentary majority and pis would still get the symbolic victory ( hell , they may even be able to form a majority if kukiz and/or psl are in the parliament ) . 
  it 's an open question whether there 's a place for both nowoczesna and po on polish political scene in the long term . 
  their electorate is fairly similar , with nowoczesna being more liberal and urban and po leaning more towards the center . 
  that 's why petru may want to try hard to differentiate himself from po , which might work for him but it could hurt the liberals in general . 
  i agree . 
  in principle i 'm for the sanctions , but ( from the liberal perspective ) it 'd be a strategic mistake to push for it . 
  i remain somewhat optimistic . 
  poland 's liberal block is reasonably strong ( po and nowoczesna have combined ~ 35 % in polls ) and there 's a considerable public outrage against the threat to the rule of law . 
  i expect the economy to deteriorate enough to sway enough moderate voters to give the liberal coalition a solid victory in 2019 . 
  however , the sad part is that the new government will be faced with a huge rebuilding project that will most likely take a few years . 
  everyone 's talking about the constitutional tribunal but pis has taken a stab at public media , privacy , attorney general 's office , public finances etc. 
  and those are still early days ... 
  for every milion people you take in you drastically increase the life prospects for a million people ( and their children , and their children 's children etc. ) . 
  the proponents of migration do not claim that allowing a substantial number of people to migrate to europe will solve the whole problem nor that europe can accept everyone . 
  but it can accept a lot of people , and to the extent that it can , it should . 
  moreover , the proponents of immigration expect some leadership on this matter from elected officials and hope that they will extend the hand to the refugees and immigrants even if a substantial portion of the electorate disagrees . 
  life is n't fair . 
  from [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21693568-david-cameron-will-struggle-win-referendum-britains-eu-membership-if-he-loses ) :  norway and iceland have access to the single market through their membership of the european economic area ( eea ) . 
  but they are obliged to observe all the eu 's single-market regulations without having a say in them , to make payments into the eu budget ( in norway 's case , around 90 % of britain 's net payment per head ) and to accept free movement of eu migrants . 
  as a norwegian minister once put it , `` if you want to run europe , you must be in europe . 
  if you want to be run by europe , feel free to join norway . '', 
  i do agree that integration of immigrants is * the * challenge for europe . 
  in my view a better approach to helping first - , second - , and even third-generation migrants assimilate ought to be our response to paris attacks . 
  but it 's a fairly inscrutable problem . 
  i watched the linked video with great interest and it left me with mixed feelings . 
  some of the behaviors discussed ( semitism , violence against women and christians ) are indefensible . 
  these are most likely more prevalent in muslim communities than in general population . 
  the reporter suggests that germans ' tolerance may be to blame , but i am not convinced . 
  a little background on myself : born and raised in mid-sized city in northern poland , spent ~ 5 years in united states ( mass. 
  and texas ) , and i 'm somewhat well-traveled around western europe ( particularly france and italy ) . 
  everyone i grew up with was a christian ( though often only on paper ) . 
  though there are scarcely any jews here ( and most people have never met one ) , anit-semitic language is not uncommon ( `` to jew '' ( '' \u017cydzi\u0107 '' in polish ) means `` to be stingy '' ; to call someone a jew is an insult ) . 
  `` black '' ( `` nigger , '' really ) is a synonym for either laziness or , ironically , performing hard , tedious , and low-level manual labor . 
  i do not think that a jew or a black person could feel perfectly comfortable in such community , but to say that people around here are racists or anti-semites is not quite accurate either . 
  i certainly would n't expect violence towards outsiders . 
  i am not trying to excuse the kids in the video or to criticize poland ( or to make a specific point ) , but merely to draw some parallels and emphasize the complexity of social behavior . 
  assimilation is tough even if the circumstances are more favorable . 
  most people who have spent some time on us college campuses probably witnessed the following : a group of chinese students with poor english spend most of the time with each other and fail become fluent by the time of graduation , not to mention more complete cultural assimilation . 
  there is little or no discrimination against asians , they have plenty of resources to help them , they are at least reasonably smart and financially secure . 
  and yet they still do n't do it . 
  why ? 
  i do n't have a convincing answer . 
  they may feel like outsiders , they may not want to venture outside their own group , they may not need to ( speaking fluent mandarin and barely communicative english is often sufficient to live normally ) . 
  some second-generation asian students often have parents , who live in the states but ca n't communicate fluently . 
  the point here is that assimilation might not happen if it is not absolutely necessary . 
  large asian ( or arabic ) communities can kill the incentive to assimilate . 
  they can certainly slow down the process . 
  once can live a quasi-chinese life in many places in us and , i suppose , a quasi-arabic life in many places in france . 
  is it good or bad ? 
  i do n't know .
