  our tabloids make fox news look lik a reliable source of information . 
  the worst bit is how popular they are outside the uk , the daily mail is the worst offender and they are huge in america via their website . 
  that 's blatant vitalism , we need to get the fresh start club involved !, 
  wrong kind of rain . 
  something to do with it not sinking down to the water table and refilling the reservoirs . 
  same in the uk but we know it 's crap , they know we know it 's crap and we know they know we know , yet the whole charade continues . 
  it is quite frankly , bizarre . 
  it 's probably depressing because it is very expensive . 
  that with the added bitter pill that the people who keep increasing tuition costs had a free education themselves . 
  could be worse , you could be asking god to keep the queen safe in a country where no one believes in the divine right of kings anymore . 
  could you imagine the horror of an update to the uk 's anthem . 
  it would undoubtedly come down to a cheesy tv program where people vote for the winner , which would be some cringeworthy tune packed full of references that would be obscure in 6 months time and designed to be sung by a boy band . 
   somehow become an object of ` latvian potatoe jokes ' well , it would n't make much sense if poland was the object of latvian potato jokes would it ? 
  do n't priests and funny hats kind of go hand in hand . 
  the further up the ranks you go , the more bizarre your hat . 
  passport control actually looked at me to see if i was the person in the picture . 
  every other country , i could have been any old terrorist with a fake passport . 
  germans take their jobs seriously . 
  also the beer . 
  that cup has a tea bag tag coming out of it , this implies one of those horrible liptons tea bags you get in cheap hotels . 
  they should be banned for crimes against tea . 
  while we are on the subject , how did apple pie become an american thing ? 
  everywhere has apple pie !, 
  it was a time of empire building , if it was n't us , it would have been someone else . 
  the conservatives completely destroyed their reputation in scotland . 
  they could campaign on a platform of free blow jows and 0 % tax and they still would n't get in . 
  i was certainly taught french , but did n't learn much . 
  for some reason things like ` can you tell me where i can go to change the oil in my car ' and ` could you direct me to the town hall ' fail to engage the pre teen mind . 
  also the inevitable lesson where you get taught about banks is a waste of a lesson . 
  surely they are good precisely because they do n't have to drag them out over 20-24 episodes . 
   ( london ) - the eu told britain and france on thursday to act to bring down charges for trains running through the under-sea channel tunnel , saying both passengers and freight operators were paying too much . 
   shares in eurotunnel , the private company which operates the tunnel , fell by 4.47 percent to 5.98 euros after the announcement by the european commission , the executive arm of the 27-nation bloc . 
   the commission gave london and paris two months to respond to its `` formal request '' to take action on the high charges , or face having the issue brought before the european court . 
   `` the channel tunnel is not being used to its full capacity because of these excessive charges , '' eu transport commissioner siim kallas said in a statement . 
   `` as a result , more freight is being carried on lorries instead of by rail , freight operators and their customers are being over-charged , and passengers are paying over-the-odds for their tickets . '', 
   the charges were stifling growth in the european rail sector , kallas added . 
   the eu said it had asked britain and france to ensure a fully independent regulator for the tunnel and to end a `` restrictive '' agreement reserving capacity for certain train operators . 
   the commission said 43 percent of the tunnel 's capacity was unused . 
   a single operator , eurostar , runs passenger services through the channel tunnel and there are several rail freight operators but they only send around six trains a day through the tunnel , the commission said . 
   ** `` the high track access charges get passed on to passengers in their ticket prices ** and rail freight companies complain that they can not afford to send more freight through the tunnel - it remains on the roads causing congestion and pollution , '' the commission statement said . 
   at rbc capital markets , analysts commented that the effect of the decision by the commission was `` negative '' and amounted to `` a high threat to profits '' if it took effect . 
   the eu ruling comes despite an announcement by eurotunnel last week that germany 's rail company deutsche bahn has been given the green light for its passenger trains to use the tunnel . 
  what you really want is a video of someone pronouncing the chemical name of titin . 
  it has 189,819 letters and apparently takes 3h30 to say . 
  tasty ?!, 
  it is basically squares of packing cardboard marketed towards people who want to eat themselves thin . 
  be excellent to each other . 
  tarquine cuthbert eldeberry-smyth ,, 
  she told me to feck off then asked if i wanted a cup of tea . 
  what was meant to happen ? 
  i distrust the government and the un but as an ex submariner i completely trust the royal navy ( to be consistently too drunk to cause any harm ) . 
  i put the same and i got uk . 
  she is still dead . 
  i took french at school and was doing really well until high school where a really really bad teacher killed any enthusiasm i had for it . 
  i have tried learning german , greek and japanese off my own back but i have not spoken anything other than english in 15 years , i could probably remember how to count to 10 in japanese if pressed . 
  london , murdering someone would require unnecessary contact with another human being . 
  we do n't do that . 
   personally , i ca n't even decide how we should go about deciding . 
  2 large fearmongering facebook campaigns , each highlighting the horrors that await should we choose the other option , it 's the future of politics . 
  your probably glowing bright red due to unaccustomed exposure to sunlight . 
   we all learn english at school but almost never get the chance to use it . 
  i know that feel , in the 20 years since i left school i have had the opportunity to use french twice . 
  i probably could n't even string a coherent sentence together nowadays . 
  porn is n't banned . 
  the usual case of reddit getting the wrong end of the stick and then running with it . 
  an old law that covered existing media was updated to include the internet , the list of ` banned ' things are a list of things that can not be filmed with the explicit intention of selling . 
  so people can engage in the acts , film the acts , give the film away for free but not profit from it . 
  pretty silly but not as bad as it 's been made out . 
  only the posh ones , the normans did a shit job of integrating with the local population ( probably to busy making tapestries and inventing the windmill to do much shagging ) . 
  the common folk are celts with a dash of german on the side . 
  [ you racist !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4zwdsxkyfo ), 
  we just need to make the french feel good about using english , a bit of positive reinforcement here , some shameless flattery of their language skills there and they will switch without even thinking about it . 
  and , they get to feel superior when we horribly miss use loan words , what could be better than beating the english at english ? 
   how many bad associations are there in europe with english ? 
  for an unfortunate amount of europeans their main exposure to english consists of the very dregs of british society going to their country and acting like complete fucking wankers for a week or 2 , demanding chips with every meal and drinking far too much . 
  a lot of euros probably have ptsd when they hear english . 
  assault by penetration may be the same crime , but it does n't carry the same weight in the public conscious as rape does . 
  both crimes should come under rape , they just need to staple the two together with a nice big ` or ' between them . 
  the queens personal pile of cash sits at just over # 500 million . 
  me : notices sign . 
  thinks `` this is n't right but i do n't want to make a fuss . 
  i will wait for someone else to say something then make general agreement noises '' . 
  everyone else : notices sign . 
  thinks `` this is n't right but i do n't want to make a fuss . 
  i will wait for someone else to say something then make general agreement noises '' . 
  result : nothing happens except a post on / r/britishproblems, 
  every brit suffers from a desire to invade france . 
  as it is no longer politically correct to do it the old fashioned way we have to settle for visiting the country and inflicting our appalling french language skills on you . 
  initially it would probably be identical . 
  the point being the government could change it at some point in the future if the considered it necessary , whereas they can not change the human rights act . 
  this is probably not a good thing , especially while theresa may is still alive . 
   before you guys complain . 
  you know us so well , 
   some footballers look very sterotypical , just like wayne rooney has `` england '' written all over his face . 
  interesting you should say that , to me he does n't look very english at all , aside from his head being a bit too square , he appears to be in reasonably good health and is n't carrying a half empty can of stella . 
  do n't forget cricket . 
  the rules are , we teach you cricket , then let you beat us at it repeatedly and you bask in the warm glow of beating the evil oppressors at their own game whilst simultaneously forgetting that we robed your country blind then ran . 
  cut of the fish supply = no fish and chips , if they can then stop tea imports the uk will fold in a matter of hours . 
  those cunning russians !,
