  liquidate would imply a certain level of professionalism and a specific target , rather than something like chucking a molotov into a group of enemy soldiers . 
  james bond might liquidate a fellow spy who was revealed to be a double agent . 
  this sub is just the text-adventure addon for eu4 is n't it ? 
  not the bottle that only had one glass poured and was then left improperly corked overnight ?!, 
  that 's inhumane . 
  are you not looking forward to a possible latvixit ? 
  or ( bear with me , i speak no latvian at all ) latvia = latvija exit = izeja we take the latvi from latvija and add it to the ja from izeja and we get latvija . 
  the papers will love it !, 
  sorry for possibly murdering your language . 
  is n't there a welsh bit of patagonia ? 
  seems like we have a claim on argentina . 
  whichever one gets him the most votes . 
   so i can only imagine what bombs could do . 
  damage some easily fixable infrastructure most probably . 
  remember fukushima , hit by an earthquake and a tsaunami , grand total of 0 deaths . 
  i seriously doubt the terrorists had the capability to do more damage than 2 natural disasters in a row . 
  that 's just what you are used to , i have not used cash in years and initially i felt a disconnect between what i was spending and what i had available , but now a card payment is just as ` real ' to me as handing over money . 
  it already is for half the year . 
  this chart seems to be based on peoples perception of crime rather than actual crime rates . 
   this section is based on surveys from visitors of this website . 
  1797 , the battle of fishguard . 
  1400 french troops led by a irish american were forced into unconditional surrender after losing to 500 british reservists and civilians . 
  the british secured this victory in part by using the age old battle tactic of ` lying about the size of your army ' . 
  to add insult to injury , a woman called jemima nicholas armed with a pitchfork single handedly captured 12 french soldiers , legend states that they mistook her tall black hat and red cloak for the uniform of a grenadier . 
  in non war related news , bugger all happened . 
  who gets pickpocket ` ed ? 
  tourists . 
  who wears fanny packs ? 
  tourists . 
  it 's like a big ugly rob me sign . 
  we all do it , if someone drops a glass in a pub everyone cheers . 
  having been the glass dropper before the cheering was quite welcome , it turns a ` oh shit ' moment into a more humorous and less stressful moment . 
  there not our jobs any more , they got stolen ... 
  just the one meal . 
  you make up for it over the next few days by eating nothing but cold turkey sandwiches and shame at your gluttony . 
  starbucks = faux italian coffee mcdonalds = scottish name = scottish coffee i think he was joking, 
  inventor of hp sauce , the condiment of the gods . 
   why are we on that list its top 20 countries , not top euro-countries , it just seems to be dominated by europe hence it 's posting here . 
  energy drink for breakfast . 
  hot food in the evening unless it 's summer when i suddenly become a big fan of salad . 
  dinner about 19:30 . 
  cooked breakfast is for the weekends due to commuting eating up the weekday mornings . 
   and how well can you prepare any of the local recipes ? 
  i can boil meat and potatoes till they are bland and tasteless with the best of them ( that 's what reddit thinks brits eat is n't it ? ), 
   it seemed weird to me that they charge you for plastic bags in supermarkets they have recently started charging for bags in england ( scotland and wales have been doing it for a while ) but i think it has backfired , they have started putting out higher quality bags to justify the charge and i have gone from using none to getting at least one every time i shop . 
  maybe , or maybe any crazy you do is just overshadowed by your boisterous neighbours . 
    sovereignty  oh come on ... no , people really believe this . 
  we will ignore the glaringly obvious flaw that if we were not sovereign we would n't have been able to vote on brexit in the first place . 
  jungle made it to lithuania ? 
  calling it racist shifts more papers/gets more web impressions . 
  despite the furore in the media about all the attacks on foreigners , the uk is still a ridiculously safe place to be , but that 's not exciting so everything has to be ` sexed up ' . 
  fear not , as you may have noticed we have gone full retard these past few years , a side effect of this is calling every ship , plane , train and temporarily stationary animal ` queen elizabeth ' . 
  it 's a real name , pronounced co-burn or co-bun . 
  tell them pakistan are building one and india will have it finished by the end of the week . 
   an ixit would n't pass here 2 years ago brexit was the fevered ramblings of a handful of people , now look where we are . 
  you think your balding spot is cunningly hidden ? 
  not to the dutch it isnt !, 
  it 's too late , the damage is done . 
  now everyone ` knows ' that brits have bad teeth , therefore when they see one that actually does it reinforces the ` brits have bad teeth ' stereotype , where as the overwhelming majority with perfectly fine teeth do n't register . 
  ( i mean , when was the last time you saw someone and though , wow , that person has normal teeth ! ' ), 
  burberry everything was about 10 years ago , then one day all the chavs simultaneously realised they were dressing like their old nan and felt a bit stupid . 
  only our women , malta and slovakia overtook our men in the fat bastard olympics years ago and latvia is making steady gains in the fat woman category . 
  germans best binge drinkers !, 
  sigh , another british title lost . 
  at least we are still number one at maybe possibly leaving the eu and fucking our economy up while we dither about in uncertainty . 
  brexit was merely a ruse for empire 2.0, 
   the concessions i do n't think many people will care about that , it may be a satirical piece but [ this ] ( http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/international/cameron-secures-leftover-sandwiches-for-uk-20160203105866 ) sums up how the average person felt about cameron 's concessions . 
  that 's america 's stereotype for us , show some pride and use your own . 
  most people regardless of age are fucking terrible at the internet , they will have a few places they feel comfortable but venturing outside those and they are easily overwhelmed . 
  may will win it , which will be a huge bonus for the scottish 2nd indyref as she will be viewed as thatcher mk2 . 
  a left hand drive double decker bus !, 
  heresy !, 
  we do n't really do civil unrest unless it 's about football or there is a chance to steal a really big bag of rice . 
  we need to save face and start championing the ` ever closer union ' . 
  pushing for a federal eu will confuse the crap out of everyone and the brexit will be forgotten . 
  damn right , merkel should have waded in and backhanded cameron the moment he suggested a referendum . 
  what kind of 4th reich fuhrer is she if she ca n't keep upstart countries in line . 
  poles are yesterday 's bogeyman . 
  your job got stolen by romanians , or is it bulgarians ? 
  that 's what the jewish conspiracy wants you to think !!, 
  there is a gun shop 5 mins from my house . 
  but regardless , the killer apparently used a modified fake/home built weapon . 
   they 'll never learn : the people that support britain first do n't want to learn , they want someone to blame . 
   we just show love by taking the piss . 
  the yanks do n't get it , their banter game is sub par . 
  literally nazis to most respected country in europe ... quite the achievement . 
  that is [ st sepulchre without newgate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_sepulchre-without-newgate ) , you can tell as the domed building top centre of the pic is the old bailey, 
  i live down south and you get those worker terraces dotted around here and there , they are so tiny . 
  i would be pressed to live by myself in one , no idea how people raised a family in them !, 
  pfft , it 's all right for some . 
  we will never get an independence day , even if we completely dissolve the union , celebrating our independence from scotland , wales or northern ireland would seem silly at best . 
  i love the french word anglais , sounds like it should be a more formal version of english for state occasions and such . 
  we are glad we can help you , is there anything else you would like to know about america ? 
  we do a good line on your ` interesting ' attitude towards guns and there is the ever popular `` lol , americans are dying because they ca n't afford health insurance '' . 
  for a small convenience fee we can also insult your lack of culture and blame you personally for any bad decision made by any american , at any point in history !, 
   but eat ratluk ( real sweet sugary stuff , i dont know whats it called in english ) turkish delight . 
  does n't look like anything to me . 
  the kind of people that move abroad and refuse to integrate definitely do not go for the food . 
  the expat communities in spain practically live of fry ups and chips . 
  i swear , if people try to celebrate ` independence day ' on the anniversary of leaving i will roll my eyes so hard they may fall out .
