  nah , back in 1706 they should have just dissolved the entities that england and scotland . 
  this whole country of countries thing causes more problems than it solves . 
  as long as it 's from british snakes , not those work-shy , job stealing foreign snakes . 
  may is a remainer , which makes her ` fuck you all , extra hard brexits for everyone ' stance all the more baffling . 
  when we leave the eu we are going to have to give all the foreign words back !, 
  time to brush up on some anglish . 
  makes sense . 
  london wants to stay in the eu , least we can do is sod off to france . 
  yeah , but if it was n't for the yanks you would be speaking double-deutsch !, 
  as a rule older people tended towards leave , personally everyone i know who voted leave is under 30 and knows less about the eu than i know about your favourite teacher at school . 
   it is sad , because in an era in which we should be building bridges , it seems that we are building walls instead it seems to be human nature , we always seem to want the opposite of what is happening . 
  never heard the term toffs ? 
  it generally refers to the upper classes ( or people who aspire to be upper class ) in a mildly derogatory way . 
  on the insult-o-meter it ranks about level with poo-poo head in terms of offensiveness . 
  that 's a blatant misrepresentation of the truth . 
  no one here thinks bulgaria is a real place , it 's just a wombles name . 
  another british search seems to be ` step mom ' which throws the legitimacy of the whole thing into doubt for me . 
  it 's totally cool unless you film it and profit from the film . 
  apparently we lead the world in spanking and caning porn consumption . 
  that goes without saying , it 's impossible to love anything as much as a dog loves everything . 
  whats that ? 
  you tell god how awesome he is in a slightly different way than we do ?? 
  death to the heretics !!, 
  made just as much sense as any other ` no true scotsman ' argument . 
  obviously false , there are no apartments that large available to rent in london !, 
   useless atavistic appendage your medical knowledge is out of date , they figured out the purpose of the appendix about 3 years ago . 
  it stores samples of good bacteria when illness kills the bacteria in your intestines allowing you to repopulate all the good bacteria you need and recover faster . 
  it was n't illegal in the first place , almost every isp in the world keeps these records . 
  the law just mandates a period they have to be kept for rather than however long the isp feels like . 
  i 'm not a fan of this but the hyperbole around it is insane and helps no one . 
  [ quite ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/apr/14/johnezard ), 
  1 less than you need . 
  i believe the french inch was larger than the english inch which led to the whole napoleon is short idea . 
  while he was 5 ' 6 '' using english measurements he was 5 ' 2 '' using french . 
  if he was english he would be fatter and more sunburnt . 
  to 99 % of brits napoleon is just some random short dude who went on a rampage across europe that we had to learn about in history which made a nice change from learning about other fuckers who went on a rampage across europe . 
  to the remaining 1 % he is the short dude from bill and ted 's excellent adventure . 
  no being triggered would happen . 
  greatest briton : hitler greatest frenchman : hitler greatest belgian : hitler greatest spaniard : hitler greatest german : hitler was austrian god damn it , stop looking at us like that . 
  why do i have to be naked ? 
   the author never finished it everything was going to be explained in bible : part 3 but they blew all the budget doing the editing on bible 2 . 
  aaah , but the key point is it does n't feel like it , which is apparently more important than reality . 
  because they are savory !, 
  if the were sweet they would have to be called yorkshire dessert . 
  in 12 months time the uk will either be literally on fire or we will have realized what a horrible mistake the past 2 years have been and apologetically try to reintegrate with the rest of the world . 
  personally i will be investing in fire proof underwear . 
  does n't matter , trident comes out of the money set aside for military shit . 
  if we defunded trident the money would not suddenly be free for non military purposes . 
  about 25000 calories . 
  we bombed berlin in retaliation , not a good time to be a civilian on either side . 
  bit late to the party here , but if you would like a visualisation [ here ] ( http://www.bombsight.org/#11/51.4437/-0.1899 ) is a map of every recorded bomb dropped between oct 1940 and june 1941 . 
  because the various british governments have proved time and time again they can not be trusted with our data , so why let them have it all in one easy database which they will no doubt sell and/or lose . 
  if they are going to fuck me over they are going to have to put in some token effort at the very least :(, 
  because they were looking at it from the point of view ` what would be useful for the government to have on an id card ' , not ` what can we put on an id that wo n't infringe citizens privacy ' . 
  tories want to fuck everything for short term gain , labour will fuck everything by trying to be ` all things to all men ' and failing at everything and most likely its the lib dems who wont have a chance to fuck anything up . 
  that 's not the bit i took issue with . 
  the original graph has clearly been shown in such a way to accentuate the difference between poland and spain in 1990 . 
  if you are dishonest with the representation of your data people will assume the data itself is dishonest . 
  rule 1 , never trust a graph that does not start at 0 . 
  it 's not like a more accurate graph does n't show the same thing , it is just less extreme [ see ] ( http://imgur.com/a/hleja ), 
  you guys pay to go to museums ? 
  maybe the brexiteers are right , we are just to different to be in a union !, 
  40th place . 
  bullshit , you only need to look at the daily mail to see our press are free to print whatever they want , it does n't even need to be based on reality . 
   unless north korea actually did manage to attack the us is n't their entire offensive capability based around bombing the shit out of seoul and then hoping china steps in before they are erased from the face of the planet ? 
  i do n't see them ever being a credible threat to a country on the other side of the planet . 
  if i may be vague for a moment , i saw a game once that was polo on elephants instead of horses , it looked awesome , everyone should play that . 
  unless of course the elephants do not like it , in which case giant robot elephants need to be arranged . 
   ( i 'm not a terrorist . ), 
  that 's exactly what a terrorist would say !, 
  he asked about foreign food . 
  it 's not super common around my way , but i do pay professionals to do it for me as i absolutely despise gardening and lawn mowing and all that crap but i do want somewhere nice to sit on the 2 sunny days a year we get . 
  that would explain why i have never actually seen one that was bright colours then . 
  toy guns have to be brightly coloured ( because on one would ever think to paint a real gun a bright colour and pass it off as a toy ) . 
  this is a self imposed rule by the british toy industry . 
  replicas can be realistic but not sold to anyone under 18 , which is silly because the market for converting replicas is not < 18 's . 
  realistic imitation firearms ( airsoft , bb , that sort of thing ) must be predominantly ( 51 % or more ) a bright colour . 
   law regarding surname change you what ? 
  it 's your name , why would there be a law about what you can do with it ? 
  my memory may be a little off , but i 'm fairly certain that the 90s was a decade long rave . 
  far from boring . 
  having lived in london and the south east of england most of my life meeting jews is common enough that it 's not something you even think about . 
  i have had jewish friends , been to jewish weddings , had 2 jewish girlfriends and they were all pretty much identical to the non jews around them , well apart from the lubavich but they mostly kept to themselves so i have no idea what they were like as people . 
  we started metrification in 1965 and we are only half way through . 
  could you image the chaos if we had to swap sides of the road . 
  everyone who voted leave has to personally apologise to a european citizen using their native language . 
  jack is a thing , you use one to raise something up like a car jack . 
  do n't hear blasphemy that often , we seem to be more of a fan of sexual swearwords ( fuck , cunt , wanker , etc ) although you do tend to hear `` jesus fucking christ '' when something shocking/painful has happened . 
  the holy meal deal of course . 
  a spanish colleague when she started asked how we could eat ` those horrible sandwiches ' day after day , now she is a convert and has sacrificed all in the name of convenience . 
  the french girl has yet to succumb to the siren call of # 3 sarnie , crisps and a drink , but soon ... soon . 
  ended the divine right of kings , yay !, 
  tried to end catholics , especially irish catholics ... boo !, 
  banned christmas ... that total bastard , dig him up and execute his corpse !, 
  [ give peas a chance ] ( http://www.croydonadvertiser.co.uk/the-reason-it-says-give-peas-a-chance-on-a-bridge-over-the-m25/story-29540487-detail/story.html ) . 
  it 's not insightful or political or even particularly pretty , but it 's been there my whole life and has always been a signal that i 'm almost home . 
  following the graffiti 's advice i have given peas many a chance , still ca n't stand them . 
  please sack our government and tell them they ca n't have their job back till they stop playing silly buggers . 
   not sure what they think the rest of us do instead . 
  we vote for the people we hate the least and then they pit their least hated members against each other in a battle of lies and political manoeuvring .
