god dammit france , we could be ruling the world together right now !, 
   i thought you only get to vote for your local mp in britain that is correct , it 's also part of the problem . 
  on the local level the tory and labour candidates are generally ~ ~ the best ~ ~ least obviously crazy , so the other parties do n't really get a look in . 
  it 's not incorrect , but we are aware that asian means different things to different countries . 
  mostly i only ever hear people use the word asian when referring to pakistanis , we have some residual cultural sensitivity over the word ` paki ' . 
   `` the red crescent '' sounds like a terrorist group to me , have the government been informed ? 
  more laid back than the average yank , not as loud , accent sounds amusing rather than nasal . 
  all the disagreeable californians are too old to leave the state let alone the country . 
  side effect of losing the empire . 
  our hearts just not in it anymore . 
  come to the uk and see a world 's worth of culture in our museums . 
  because we took it from the rest of the world by force . 
  quick , make a ` fads of / r/europe ' post and rake in that easy karma, 
  london defies the laws of time and space ( and also the laws of the land whenever we can get away with it ), 
  they would make an awesome pair of spitting image puppets !, 
  the british one seems off to me . 
  the references to ` sunscreen ' make me think it was made by a yank or someone who speaks american english , and we are not big pork eaters so ` no pork meals ' is n't a big deal but grey is spelt correctly . 
  i once called it turkish delight in font of a greek girlfriends grandmother , my ears are still ringing 8 years later from the bollocking i received . 
  the tabloids have n't figured out a good way to spin some fear out of this yet , so no one cares . 
  true libert\u00e9 is the freedom to get your tits out whenever and wherever you want , even on money . 
  we can do an exchange ... actually , maybe not . 
  last time we exchanged bombs was a disaster . 
  you need to find out what addenbrookes in cambridge was doing to their food about 6 years ago and copy that . 
  it was fucking delicious , which in it 's own way was terrible as i was looking forward to complaining about awful hospital food . 
  looks like the flag of the bad guys in a 2nd rate sci fi . 
  no one can ever know , love between uk and france is the final taboo . 
  you can never tell which is the evil twin until it 's too late . 
   eat spaghetti with a spoon and people will point at you , however , especially kids . 
  what , how does that work ? 
  surely it would fall off ? 
  the franks were german . 
  oi pedro , parlez vouz english !, 
  not to disparage such a good source as the daily mail ( seriously , a paper whose whole shtick is to scare people ) but that article has been repeatedly criticised as factually incorrect by pretty much everyone . 
  the uks crime statistics look far worse than they actually are because we class all sorts of nonsense as violent crime . 
  push someone , even if you cause no harm , that 's a tick in the violent crime box . 
  anyway , it 's safe to assume someone called ukipper has a pretty clear agenda and can be safely ignored . 
  to be fair , the french are pretty damn french . 
  maliciously so , i think . 
  declare wednesdays a half work day . 
  fence off a chunk of the country and let it be run autonomously by ukip just to see what would happen . 
  heavily fine any company that makes men wear suits during summer , it 's not smart , it 's stupid . 
  change the national anthem to something a bit more upbeat , possibly something by the prodigy ( imagine smack my bitch up being played at international sporting events !, 
  ` freedom kicks down the door and points guns at your children ' does n't quite roll off the tongue . 
   the uk is well on its way to debating implementing the euro . 
  stick the queens mush on it and rename it the pound and we will talk , 
  it 's the last 2 letters of the word , first - 1st second - 2nd third - 3rd fourth - 4th, 
  they are just making sure they are ready in case the entire fucking world decides to invade the us at the same time !, 
  it could happen ... 
  you need to invade america and teach them your peaceful ways . 
   ( no idea what the hell he 's doing on a british tv lol ) looks like they were appearing on [ eurotrash ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurotrash_ ( tv_series ) . 
  half an hour a week of the most random awesomeness that could be crammed into a late night slot on channel 4, 
  1707 was the act of union when england and scotland officially became great britain . 
  none , i assume means we have not been occupied since then . 
  it 's pretty impressive how much protection that little strip of water has afforded us throughout the years . 
  i am the only person i know who has one . 
  being scared of brown people is so pass\u00e9 . 
  i 'm already looking for the next great panic . 
  the uk records all instances of violence against a person , all sexual offences and robbery as violent crimes . 
  the us records murder , manslaughter , forcible rape , robbery and aggravated assault as violent crime . 
  this makes the uk stats look much worse in comparison . 
  im looking forward to when they accidentally ban banning things . 
  empires gone , tea does n't taste as good as it used too , humour is all we have left . 
  an ai designed by a university would be free to develop it 's own system of ethics and could eventually turn on us !!, 
  ! 111 an ai developed by google will just seek ways to empty our wallets as efficiently as possible . 
  so you 're the one stealing all our jobs !, 
  and to think we were blaming the poor romanians . 
  if you do n't log in then you get redirected there when you try to access a website . 
  source : i have recently set up with a new isp and that 's what happened . 
  none of the options were pre selected but you needed to choose one to stop the redirect from happening . 
  were not that different after all !, 
  the isps are free to ignore cameron 's suggestion to filter anything and everything and then he is free to impose draconian legislation on them as a punishment . 
  how much more freedom do you want ? 
  that is quite possibly the most depressing attempt at being festive that i have ever seen . 
  is it a placeholder while they find a real tree by any chance ? 
  do you require some kind of charity event set up to help fund a real tree ? 
  it 's too well shopped and subtle for my government to have had a hand in it . 
  childcare in the uk is stupidly expensive . 
  if you do n't have a good job to return to , you are financially better off staying at home and living on benefits . 
  we already do . 
  france , germany and the uk all have companies that build drones . 
  it 's probably still cheaper to buy them from the yanks though as they churn them out by the bucket load . 
   but i knew sod al about who i was voting for . 
  so , about as much as the average voter then :p, 
  well it eliminates all the politicians who are not idio ... oh , i see your point . 
  oh , it 's red and green . 
  i honestly ca n't see the green on the little flag next to your name . 
  so were a nation of short , fat , milk drinking , bacon eaters !, 
  but everyone i know is tall and fat , where are all these shor people hiding ? 
   however , you 'd be surprised how many french people suck at french ... i think the same could be said for most people when it comes to their native language . 
  it 's where we dump our old racists and teenage borderline alcoholics . 
  sorry spain . 
  also , you need to be spanish to join the spanish foreign legion , go figure !, 
  i thought that was because they argued they they were providing entertainment not news ? 
  scotland is looking to increase from 30ish % renewable to 50 % by 2015 and the uk as a whole has a shortage of engineers . 
  disgusting little shits each and every one of them . 
  ( daily express journalists , not romanians and bulgarians ) . 
  got the uk , wife answered one question different than me and got finland . 
  weird !, 
  sorry spain no give backs , they are your problem now . 
  the uk printed press is essentially free to print whatever the fuck they like , which in theory is good , but in actuality means we have ended up with hack filled rags flinging scare stories all over the place as bad news sells more copies than good .
