extreme examples like rape or incest are n't representative , and i 'm not going to accept that humans simply `` make mistakes '' as justification for an act that i consider incredibly immoral . 
  your entire argument sounds like the soft bigotry of low expectations , as if women ca n't be responsible . 
  this is reminiscent of the argument that if women did n't have abortion clinics , they 'd just kill their babies or throw them in dumpsters . 
  also , i 'll refer you to what xnicolex said regarding men discussing abortions . 
  almost all newborn babies will get adopted , and our child services are n't a 16th century horror where children are routinely beaten , forced to perform chores all day , and fed gruel - and if they were , this would be an argument for reforming them , not an argument for abortion . 
  you do n't know if those children will be loved or content . 
  it was n't out of the women 's control to become pregnant , they should n't have an unrestricted right to forcefully extract and kill their offspring , and abortions have a negative impact on wider society both ways . 
  no , they 're well within their rights to vote around their beliefs . 
  end of . 
  stop trying to control religious people . 
  women do n't simply fall pregnant . 
  they become pregnant because of the choices that they make . 
  how about holding women accountable for having sex with men whose children they do n't want to raise , and not exercising proper caution ? 
  abortions should n't be used as a form of birth control . 
  i 'd be willing to accept abortions within the first 12-24 weeks as a necessary evil , but a necessary evil is still evil . 
  you 're still forcefully extracting a human life - your offspring from the uterus , and dumping it in a bin . 
  of-course some are going to find that gruesome and disgusting . 
  there are a great many doctors in the uk that do , which is why we have freedom of conscience laws enabling doctors to refer women elsewhere . 
  also , people are well within their right to take a moral stance informed by their religion . 
  not surprising that a pro-choice advocate would oppose freedom of conscience or religion , though . 
  most of the quotes are from the late 1990s , which means they 're nowhere near a century old . 
  you also ca n't argue that the consensus was pro-life then , since abortions were made legal in the uk in 1967 , and the us in 1973 . 
  you 're not entitled to an opinion on murder , because you wo n't ever need to . 
  it 's a stupid question , it is n't deserving of a response . 
  wrong . 
  [ several scientists agree that life begins at conception . 
  ] ( https://www.princeton.edu/~prolife/articles/embryoquotes2.html ) why else would doctors in the uk and several other first-world countries have freedom of conscience , or the right to opt out of performing abortions ? 
  that argument is exclusively put forward to shut down conversation . 
  i take it that women are n't entitled to an opinion on things they have n't or never will need to experience too ? 
  we both know that you wo n't apply this principle universally , and you just want to shut up the opposition . 
  do n't bother trying . 
  it is n't a sexist position to believe that women , or men ( albeit , for different reasons ) should n't sleep around with people whose children they do n't want to raise , and that they should practice safe sex . 
  also , you do n't have to be selfless in order to not be selfish , and no , i am not a fascist . 
  you know that a leftist drone has lost an argument when they start declaring that the person they 're arguing with is hitler . 
  and no , sperm is n't a potential human life or human offspring . 
  i 've already explained that life begins at conception . 
  you just do n't want to draw the line ** anywhere ** because you 're a hedonistic , irresponsible slut . 
  you like to believe that your actions do n't have consequences , just as gay men like to believe that their decision to sleep around with 500 + partners in their lifetime and for 78 % of them to have stds is just their choice . 
  i said that they were n't more entitled to an opinion . 
  you should work on your reading comprehension . 
  wrong . 
  i explained that a severed limb can not achieve person-hood and that a fetus can , and that a fetus is a human life and a limb is not . 
  most priests are n't pedophiles , and no , they do n't . 
  you can not design a legal framework without moral inferences like minimizing harm , which is n't a scientific principle . 
  so now fetuses are now cancer cells ... no . 
  fetuses are human offspring . 
  i 've told you that i 'm not religious five times now . 
  and no , you get pregnant because you 're hedonistic , selfish and irresponsible . 
  you 're probably on a first name basis with your local abortion clinic . 
  and now that you 've killed so many of your offspring , you want to provide yourself with some moral justification . 
  there is n't one . 
  also , the children in foster care are there because they 're children . 
  prospective couples will adopt newborn babies . 
  stop bringing up a person you do n't know the first thing about , just because it 's trendy to hate them . 
  [ also , bodily autonomy is a fundamentally flawed term . 
  ] ( http://www.theprolifeyouth.com/blog/why-bodily-autonomy-is-a-faulty-argument ) you chose to sleep with men whose children you did n't want , you chose to be sexually irresponsible and use abortions as birth control . 
  it was n't out of your control . 
  a severed limb will never achieve person-hood , and can not fit any definition of a human being . 
  your arguments are so incredibly hyperbolic , because you 're so unwilling to consider that you 're wrong . 
  religious people are not brainwashed nut-jobs . 
  you are a brainwashed nut-job . 
  you just choose to castrate yourself before the hallowed alter of progressivism instead . 
  your reasoning was n't scientific , it was pure rubbish . 
  also , laws are based around moral inference and standing more often than science . 
  so , now a fetus is a virus . 
  very scientific . 
  you 're wrong regarding when brain activity starts in the fetus , and a newborn baby also lacks person-hood . 
  i take it you 're okay with infanticide now ? 
  i have n't made any false claims . 
  you drew a ridiculous comparison about a human arm being equivalent to an unborn baby , and now you think you can argue that your arguments are scientifically sound ... 5 . 
  maybe women should n't have unprotected sex with people they do n't want to have children with ? 
  maybe those women should take the morning after pill , or a pregnancy test every 2-4 weeks when sexually active ? 
  just a thought . 
  and you ca n't say whether those children are unwanted or will have a poor life . 
  for all you know , they could be adopted by a loving family and lead an alright life - also , i 've already told you that i 'm not religious . 
  you 're causing me psychological harm with how bafflingly stupid you are . 
  also , hitler supported eugenics and abortions . 
  yes , christians do n't care about family or children . 
  which is why they do n't create , work with , or fund thousands of charities the world over to help families and children . 
  there are people that believe it 's a human life before that stage , without believing in a god . 
  if you 're going to argue that a fetus becomes a human life after gestation and brain activity , that 's around 12 weeks in - or after the first trimester . 
  if you went on to believe that fetuses after that stage deserve protection , you 'd be pro-life . 
  also , catholics in poland that believe god is real are nut-jobs ? 
  wow , you 're so enlightened !, 
  * tips fedora * 2 . 
  some people do n't want to pay taxes , or want taxation to be representative . 
  i take it you 're in favor of forcing them to do so , unless you 're a libertarian or anarchist . 
  we already have hundreds of rules imposed upon us , and some restrictions placed on abortions would be no different . 
  if you recognize that abortions are killing another life , that means fetuses are alive from the start . 
  redefining a human life as non-human for conscience or convenience is the nature of evil . 
  please reconsider . 
  there are services that will take new-born babies , anonymously or without recourse . 
  they do n't need to die . 
  governments want to get re-elected , to make the changes they want to make . 
  they ca n't do this if they 're making populist decisions that anger the people that voted them into power - so they 're not going to appeal to everyone . 
  a great deal , if history and recent attempts at socialism are anything to go by . 
   you 're pro-life ? 
  you just want to rule over the sexuality of women !, 
  why are n't you in favor of the govt stealing people 's organs , blood and bone-marrow at gunpoint too ? 
  wow , i bet you think fetuses are as intelligent as adults !,
