  look at his comment that greece needs a debt haircut , but wo n't get one because its against the rules : the law exists to serve man and not the other way around . 
  germans can thus look forward to more emnity in the future . 
  in twenty years ? 
  do you honestly and sincerely believe that the country will hold together that long ? 
  yeah , was n't midnight sunday the final final final deadline ? 
  you 're a bit of an idealist i see, 
   there has been solidarity with ireland ... go on ... 
  to begin with , it means that if say portugal gets into trouble , they 'll just default , leave the euro and run for their lives while they still can before they end up like greece and are too weak to do so . 
  i do n't know why you two are being downvoted . 
  i said the [ * exact same thing * ( np link !, 
  ) ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cfvv3/message_to_greek_redditors/csvjgl4?context=3 ) a few days ago and got upvoted . 
  the vitriol and lack of reddiquette here is disgusting . 
  i once got downvoted for saying that debt forgiveness for greece did n't really bother me because ireland stood to benefit . 
  also articles by paul krugman are always downvoted . 
  if greece lowers its income ( wages , pensions , whatever ) to that of say bulgaria , its debts would have to be reduced accordingly to avoid a debt-deflation spiral . 
  simpler solution would be a grexit and redenominate whatever amount is sustainable in drachma 's . 
  of course they are right to be very upset at the unfairness and lack of good choices , but that does n't change the probable consequences of the various combinations of actions every party can take . 
  again : if they choose to be harsh and greece goes nutty as a result , they must live with the outcome of their decision . 
  it will take 5 years for greece to sort itself out at best and politics moves faster than economics unfortunately . 
  you are right , but that does n't mean that they actually have the balls to vote no if the bundestag voted yes , so they are just posturing for the peanut gallery back home . 
  these people are not taking this seriously , they are only freeriding on germany : they know that they can bitch without consequence because they think merkel will get some sort of deal in the end nonetheless . 
  like those cdu members . 
  if grexit occurs due to their intransigence , i would have no sympathy for them at all should they start complaining about greece getting aid from russia or leaving nato or something similar . 
  its not my blog, 
  it is suspected that threat of an oxi was a motivating factor , in both the release of the analysis , and the us lobbying on greece 's behalf, 
  they managed to get debt relief on the table , and the ball is now in the creditors court . 
  given that everyone ( and that includes your government at the time !!! ), 
  did nothing , i am not too inclined to get morally upset over it . 
  i am also very aware of greece 's problems , [ as this long article i submitted to / r/geopolitics a while ago shows . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/3c49ty/greece_from_postwar_orthodoxy_to_democratic/ ) nonetheless you 'd be surprised just how much cronyism you can get away with and still achieve good economic growth . 
  ireland has essentially carried out few reforms at all since the early 1990s but is still enjoying the highest gdp growth in europe . 
  seriously things in ireland are 60-80 % as bad as they were in 2006 , when the boom was at its peak [ as described in this very long article ] ( http://www.finfacts.ie/celtictigereconomyireland.htm ) . 
  until last year , after 4 years in office the ruling coalition was * still * [ putting their sycophants onto state boards ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/politics/rabbitte-appoints-coalition-cronies-to-jobs-on-state-board-30385990.html ) ( syriza have done it too , but they have only been in office for 5 months ) . 
  the government spent 4 years try to [ stall efforts to reform the legal profession ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/cabinet-approves-changes-to-diluted-legal-services-overhaul-1.2031599 ) in spite of urging from the eu commission and the imf ( does this remind you of syriza and pharmacies ? ) . 
  i personally do n't approve of any of this , as a matter of fact i am disgusted at the gombeenism being displayed by my government - they are throwing a chance to reform away . 
  nor i am not discounting the serious damage to the irish economy caused by politicians chasing deals rather than seeing the iceberg ahead . 
  i also do n't like to be disloyal to my country . 
  but this ( implicit ) morality tale of yours , where only the virtuous get economic success as opposed to lazy greeks who refuse to shape up is not as true as you might like to believe : i am personally convinced that it is just a caricature that is intended to make things simple for the media in northern countries . 
  good point i suppose , but i am reluctant to believe it would have made a substantial difference in practice , the troika just wanted any excuse to kick the can down the road . 
  run while you still can, 
  even ireland , the golden boy , could n't [ convince the bundestag ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/joachim-pfeiffer-angela-merkel-bank-debt-deal-dr-no-1589450-jul2014/ ) to help refinance debt incurred to help bail out german bondholders . 
  i doubt any amount of grovelling would have made a difference for the greeks at all . 
  * ( apologies for the slightly crappy choice of article ) *, 
  democratic deficit , hegemony , parochialism , and economic illiteracy are the core european values nowadays it seems, 
  yes , if greece does not recover soon there will be a golden dawn government in charge . 
  i suspect that greece will start receiving structural funds very soon that will counteract the cutbacks , or at least i hope so - the germans are not that crazy , are they ? 
  they do know that if syriza faithfully upholds their side of the deal and the country still collapses , then it would be just as bad as grexit ? 
  do n't they ? 
  we were not discussing whether or not greece can rely on it , we were discussing whether dijsselbloem et al. 
  were actually interested in negotiating or simply stalling until syriza collapsed or was otherwise dispensed with . 
  deliberately withholding relevant information is evidence of bad faith , so it is a big deal for our purposes . 
  he has forgotten that he will have to pass a referendum in ireland to change the treaties . 
  so he is n't omniscient . 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of ireland , but after years of this , i suspect that the sight of a grexit + ireland 's useless and corrupt leaders endorsing some kind of fiscal union could easily provoke a `` proud and dignified n\u00cdl '' . 
  i suspect if there is a grexit , many people will wake up on monday feeling deeply ashamed at themselves . 
   no serious economist believes this . 
  some europoliticians are required to believe it for political reasons , but that does n't make it true ... 
  i paraphrased the title to make it more accessible to people who are not familiar with tralee !, 
  reading the article and the comments on the parallel submission i made in / r/ireland will show that its accurate . 
  oftentimes a `` pro-business '' party means being `` open for business '' and `` looking after our ceo friends in existing businesses at the cost of free market principles such as competition or no bailouts '' . 
  not entirely unlike how `` anti-austerity '' often means `` stimulating the economy by looking after our friends on the dole and in the public service '', 
  considering they sat on the imf report , they might have been more interested in getting rid of tsipras and varoufakis in the hope that a pliable government might take their place . 
  a stupid gamble indicative of wishful thinking on the troika 's part : the more likely outcome would be just that people even more extreme than syriza would have taken their place . 
  in case you have n't noticed , they are n't `` fringe '' anymore lol . 
  i feel like we 're talking past each other lol  . 
  the greeks have already shown that partially shutting down their banking system is n't enough to deter them , this is causing more damage already than nato sanctions could . 
  besides if it got to this point , greece would have probably left beforehand anyway which would weaken the amount of sanctions they would get . 
  i am not saying sanctions are nothing or that the greeks would do it , i am just saying that we have an example already of greeks being willing to act this desperate from last week , so we should not discount the possibility that they would do it again in the future if they collectively felt like it . 
  i feel you might be putting too much faith in a piece of paper . 
  you have to realise that countries break the rules all the time if they think they can get away with it even if they have good relations : germany and greece both broke debt rules in the 2000s for example . 
  or how the ecb forced ireland to take on ~ 25 billion euros worth of debt to bail out german bondholders even though the eurozone technically has a ` no bailouts ' clause . 
  another way of thinking of it might be to consider a marriage contract - even though both people signed an agreement to stay together and look after each other until death , in practice it is worthless if the relationship between the two parties is too damaged . 
  considering that this was previously not on the table or hand waved away , it would represent a victory for tsiprias and embolden podemos et al. 
  this little referendum gambit has caught merkel with 3 uncomfortable choices lol : i ) debt relief ( with some `` reforms '' that may or may not be worth anything ) , ii ) grexit + humanitarian catastrophe , iii ) grexit + aid as schauble et al want . 
  none of which will help the eurozone and/or germany 's bank balance in the long run, 
  you are implicitly assuming that these people give a shit , if you excuse my language . 
  if that were the case , syriza would have lost the referendum . 
  in other words we are back where we started - at the very cynical least unless the greeks have something to lose by not talking part , they will not . 
  thus they will need ( in their eyes ! ), 
  a fair and reasonably generous deal , or they wo n't bother . 
  that said , i would put the chances that greece would help at around 75 % , but it would obviously plummet if they end up destitute and dependent on russian aid , and conversely go up if they feel that everyone else cares about them ( this might require creditors to give away more than they personally think is fair , but hopefully not ) . 
  there is another argument too : honestly how many estonians actually believe that if russia attacked tomorrow that the greeks would come along and risk their lives to defend tallinn instead of simply staying out of it and fracturing nato ? 
  there is at least one precedent for this - ireland stayed neutral despite nominally being a member of the commonwealth in ww2 and caused genuine difficulty ; partially as revenge for britain 's behaviour during the decades beforehand and the rest because we simply could n't be bothered risking our country being bombed by germany . 
  i always wondered at the baltic state 's harsh attitude towards the greeks for this reason - a grexit , or even bad relations would be extremely dangerous for them . 
   the greek government will have to hurry up and prove that it wants to take harsh measures unless they decide they would be better off defaulting of course , or just think that there is no prospect of a deal they could sign without getting lynched by the 60 % who voted `` no '' as soon as they go home . 
  its like the self serving quasi racist crap that was used in the 1840s to justify taking food out of the country during the irish famine . 
  to be fair , the previous crowd had 5 years to introduce reforms , and they had plenty of time to spare . 
  syriza have the example of pasok ( and the two respective labour parties in ireland and the uk ) to remind them what happens to left wing parties that deliberately betray their promises of their own volition . 
  very good point . 
  they were only in office for a 5 months though , i would assume they were occupied with the negotiations and stopping the country from falling apart . 
  v. said the legal system was too clogged atm to even pursue these cases in any case . 
  the oxi suggests that the greeks would ultimately prefer the `` short term '' pain of default and the humiliation of ending up like uganda , living off russian food parcels and un disaster relief , to a slow death by austerity . 
  at least they get to hurt their creditors too in this case i suppose , the loss of $ 300 billion would be painful , and seeing an eu member in such a state would be a literally utterly devastating loss of face for the group as whole internationally . 
  there is a reason i said it would be the second last before italy !, 
  if the ntma 's projections are to be believed , the debt will be 85 % by 2020 , so we should be clear by then . 
  syriza are a left wing party so i would imagine they would be aggressive at breaking up the big monopolies in greece and getting more taxes off the middle class and the rich because it is simply in their nature . 
  they probably wo n't touch small monopolies ( like pharmacies ) or public service pay for the exact same reasons . 
  they would probably be very harsh on corruption , if only to provide a blood spectacle for their voters and to keep the rest of the eu happy . 
  as for the end of clientelism , it will likely improve dramatically , but it will linger around for a few decades . 
  i do n't really know to be honest , greece seems far worse than ireland , but if you trust syriza to do anything to get elected , they will probably do most of the things i mentioned just out of enlightened self interest at worst .
