i said that ireland was happy to recognise the fact that most of ni did not want to part of ireland as of 1998 , and so i am not being a hypocrite by suggesting that georgia do similar by formally recognising abkhazia 's independence as of 2015 . 
  we gave up northern ireland ( at least for the time being until the uk falls apart and nationalists outbreed unionists ) , its not like we have n't practiced what we preach . 
  i was responding to your comment about about how democratic the fm is . 
  i was pointing out that in practice with his emphasis on rules , he is not that democratic in practice since other countries have their own views on what kind of democracy they want . 
  he did suggest that the greeks have a referendum well before tsiprias though , to his credit . 
  `` you can choose whatever form of government you like , so long as its ordoliberal '' in ireland though its `` you can choose any government you like , so long as its neoliberal and likes low tax rates + low regulation '' . 
  it is not obvious how you can reconcile the two . 
  and that is the among the stronger economies , what happens when you include spain ? 
  i was referring to bismarck 's habit of using crisis to bind neighbouring states into a bigger state under the thumb of prussia . 
  looks like herself and sch\u00e4uble have forgotten about not freaking out your neighbours though . 
  you are basically saying that the fatal policy error was joining the euro , given that the only way out was to adjust interest rates . 
  of course many economists and / r/economics have said this already many times over and over again , so you are in good company . 
  spain was very careful with their banking sector , and fell into the same trap - when rates are too low , it is hard to stop borrowing, 
  bismarck would probably be a better choice, 
  this was partially caused by nato actions in places like libya and afghanistan . 
  you did join nato , should n't you help your fellow members out ? 
  it works well enough in ireland . 
  it would be easier to introduce a voting system that has already been field tested . 
  besides irv is not as vulnerable to spoilers as you think in practice - it is rare for a fringe candidate to get more first preferences than a more moderate one . 
  georgia could always grant abkhazia independence . 
  actually filling an economy with scrip can still be a stimulus sometimes - argentina experienced growth due to the sheer volume of ( worthless ) money whooshing around and changing hands . 
  use instant runoff voting to ensure candidates have broad appeal . 
  there is no harm in countries having their own agenda , but unless the northern countries agree to fiscal transfers , sooner or later the southern countries will decide that the short term pain of seceding from the eurozone is better than long term stagnation . 
  at which point , both groups are worse off than if they had agreed to a fiscal union . 
  with the exception of ireland , this growth has only happened this year . 
  i would call not * dying * but failing tho * thrive * nonetheless distinctly mediocre . 
  further evidence came from the fact that in ireland there were no `` reforms '' to speak of during the past 5 years . 
  at all . 
  i am being deadly serious . 
  they were all done in the 1990s because ireland was so poor and neglected ( unlike say greece which got loads of money to keep it in nato etc. 
  ) , which produced the celtic tiger . 
  to be fair , with the * maybe * possible exception of ireland , the bailout programmes have been at best distinctly mediocre . 
  i suspect that the social damage caused by years of unemployment in places like spain could still cause trouble . 
  people 's confidence in the liberal/elite/eurofederalist / whatever order is being gravely undermined by a perception that instead of protecting their own people they are wasting time pursuing projects like the euro that are failing . 
  it seems that the greeks are n't the only ones who are a little bit delusional . 
  no way is the imf going allow themselves to be used to squander money from third world countries like they did before . 
  i wonder how the electorate will react when they realise how much debt relief the imf will demand ; it holds the cards and has an incentive to be ruthlessly tough towards the eurogroup in order to appease its membership and repair its reputation . 
  either merkel is in denial , or obfuscating . 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  himself and the wife were the worst ambassadors i ever saw . 
  there is a potential conflict of interest sice merkel has a lot of influence over the greek economy though . 
  latvia already managed that a few years ago, 
  sounds a bit like ireland , but worse - corruption , ossification , politicised police , and governments that just ignore their voters except when dispensing goodies paid for by money that comes from unstable sources . 
  its not just russia though , look at scotland - as soon as the central govt ca n't or wo n't provide money , people start wanting to leave . 
  spain does n't realise how lucky they are lol, 
  as an aside , in 1913 everyone in ireland just wanted some autonomy , by 1923 we had won a war of independence and ended up hating the british for 70 years . 
  i do n't think the rest of spain realises that you are being * deadly serious * when you say that if the country does n't get its act together you will leave, 
  and what if the catlan parliament refuses to allow itself to be suspended and instead declares itself to be the democratically elected provisonal govt of an independent catalonia ? 
  and the local police and courts obey the catlan parliament instead of madrid ? 
  and if the locals star to pay taxes to the catlan rather than the central govt ? 
  i know what you are going to say , and what you think madrid will do to avoid looking weak , but read up on the [ anglo-irish war ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_war_of_independence ) first . 
  a fight with catalonia would likely damage your brittle economy ( look at ukraine ) and cause a default , which would cause a greek style bank collapse . 
  the ecb is not going to subsidise your ( inevitably ) hamfisted pacification campaign by giving ela . 
  ireland , latvia and estonia would probably vote against any bailouts for you from the esm out of solidarity . 
  the uncertainty over the bailout would cause a bank run if has n't happened already . 
  oh and an unfriendly catlan govt would probably support basque separatism , so the fun might start all over again . 
  the irish goverment actually offered maggie a bilateral defence treaty in 1989 , but she turned it down . 
  unwise since any intervention that was n't authorised in advance runs the risk of ressurecting the ira . 
  a treaty would have given any uk forces some legitimacy instead of looking like a colonial era occupation . 
  you are saying the sd are only using the issue as a club to beat muslims ( and maybe jews ) with ? 
  animal rights and the humanity of different methods of slaughter is a perfectly legitimate topic for intellectual discussion . 
  bit like ireland in the 1970s then . 
  all the more reason not to tether 19 countries together without a stronger union ? 
  yet another such article lol, 
  and even when they grow at roughly the same rate , they still have different cycles . 
  for example ireland , being a small , open , anglo-american economy has a far more [ rapid cycle ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/gdp-growth ) than [ germany ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/gdp-growth ) . 
  no doubt marine le pen is laughing right now . 
  speaking from irish history , burning bridges might be satisying , but an amicable seperation is much better in the long run . 
  a very good point in that by being a leader you ca n't please everyone - you can only mediate and come up with the least bad solution . 
  but what if people do n't trust you to do so because , for example you are actually accountable to an electorate in one country as opposed to everyone ? 
  what if the last two times of `` leadership '' ended up with you looking out for yourself at the expense of others ? 
  what if the `` least bad solution '' is actually a con to enrich yourself at the expense if others ? 
  as i said elsewhere , you must imagine this from the point of view of an unemployed french or greek person with nothing to do but brood . 
  yes i should have expressed that better , i meant in the fairly long run , like say a few more years of the curent situation . 
  i anticipated your answer when i said that its only what * other * countries think that influences them . 
  its not that i think that countries should default whenever they feel like it , like someone maxing out their credit cards on luxaries and constantly declaring strategic bankruptcies . 
  you must understand that a country with high youth unemployment like spain is not a country in a rational mood , and even at the best of times they might not be in a mood to listen to your point of view . 
  there are people with nothing to do but brood on how they are being humiliated , and these people form a large part of the electorate . 
  this will encourage nationalist parties that only look out for their own country as opposed to the eu . 
  i think we are talking past each other lol , i am saying that if germany starts using naked power politics as has been doing , i.e. 
  trying to * force * other countries to do its what it thinks is best , then so will other countries . 
  your opinion on this matter is irrelevant ( i mean this in a polite way ) because only optics matter . 
  its what other countries * think * your motives are , not what they * actually * are , if you get my meaning . 
  since germany is the dominant country in the eu , ganging up will be the only way for other countries to achieve this . 
  the treaties have been creatively interpreted for ages now , but you have nonetheless caught me out with the ecb inflation rate point . 
  yes this sounds cynical and paranoid , but it is broadly internally consistent  ( i 'm ignoring finland and other such countries because they are small ), 
  for reasons which / r/economics will be happy to elaborate on , the euro is sucking money from the southern countries like spain , france and italy to the north . 
  and `` increasing competitiveness '' will not work , as greece has shown . 
  this will obviously breed resentment and jealousy , as well as causing southern countries to take in large amounts of debt . 
  worse , this is assuming the ecb is well designed and well run , but it is not - it only targets inflation ( as opposed to inflation + unemployment ) and is/was controlled by the bundesbank . 
  this has caused the ecb to cater to germany more than it should and do less to help with unemployment than a central bank could in theory . 
  which breeds even more resentment in countries like spain with high youth unemployment . 
  furthermore by turning greece into a protectorate , germany has tapped into some very old fears , as you no doubt noticed . 
  from now on , every eu member will form coalitions with other members against germany , for example poland might ally with italy to stop germany making friends with russia and setting up another economic molotov-rippentrop style pact . 
  or ireland , portugal and spain could ally with france and italy to gain control of the ecb to induce inflation to make their debts go away or to simply play on german fears of hyperinflation to gain leverage . 
  there are lots of ways other ways countries can join up to make germany uncomfortable and protect themselves . 
  such is the house schauble built with his bullying . 
  he wanted to make an example of greece that everyone would pay attention to . 
  he has suceeded , but sovereign countries would rather form alliances than be dominated by a stronger power . 
  shortsighted , arrogant and legalistic fool .
