they really just want to drive through romania, 
  oh my god . 
  in hungary it 's also one of the most popular shows . 
  the fucker conquered our country causing 150 years of constant war and turmoil and now old ladies are drooling over a soap opera about his life . 
  * irredentism intensifies *, 
  bidet users are worse than vegans and atheists combined . 
  seriously , everytime it gets mentioned , someone barfs in a `` muh ass is cleaner you would n't clean shit off your arm with paper either hurr '' comment . 
  i demand you respect our corruption, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3vtyr031gk yes , this thing cost us 5 million euros of taxpayer money . 
  it is , obviously, 
  lol it is the country is in a constant nosedive since 2006, 
  in a few years we can compete with albania, 
  wait , there are gypsies in poland ? 
  i thought it 's a hungarian/slovakian/romanian privilage to have a gypsy minority making up 10 % of your population . 
  hungary is totally fine with its defense force looking like cold-war reenactors, 
  either that , or he 's referring to r\u00e1k\u00f3czi 's war of independence ( 1703-1711 ), 
  the nobility and priests did . 
  it was used in legislation/administration/university education/church/diplomacy / etc. . . you know , the `` official '' stuff . 
  normally they spoke german/hungarian instead . 
  yeah . 
  the creator must have had a vivid memory of r\u00e1k\u00f3czi . 
  late-18th century hungarians and austrians got along pretty well so this must have been created around 1730 . 
  it says `` in lateinischersprach '' - in latin official language in the kingdom of hungary was latin back then . 
  maybe that 's it . 
  `` hungarian mind : even less than a pole '' wut, 
  no surprise here , hungary has been slowly becoming a balkanic shithole for the past 10 years, 
  yup , we are still a poor shithole , now even compared to other eastern european nations nothing new here, 
  they are guarding the fence with the god damn special forces . 
  the regular military is in such dreadful condition that they had to parade with these poor guys and their second-hand humvees , appearantly the most advanced military tech in the country . 
  suspend them all this country needs a hard reset, 
  not to mention the paranoid successor states deliberately dismantling railway lines heading to the borders to cripple hungary 's miltary capabilities, 
  * scrolls down with haste to find a city from his own country *, 
  wait for it , this sounds like a great opportunity to steal taxpayer money, 
  eight hours , would n't surprise me knowing the eastern european railways, 
  it was all fun and games , then i grew up and realized that dedicating a day to sprinkle on girls so they will become more fertile feels a bit off . 
  so many downvotes , the salt is real, 
  i do n't blame them , i cry aswell when i cross the border from austria to hungary, 
  * from 1772, 
  did he go to the hungarian school of foreign affairs ? 
  anything built between 1930 and 1990 . 
  the ones who are willing to move to a country with the shittiest living standards in ce-ee and no prospect . 
  `` realistically , maybe in 20-30 years when the economic difference will not be so big '' haha, 
  because people are poor and have no prospect , also low moral values, 
  i came studying to germany from hungary and this place feels like the digital stone age . 
  you do n't need high standards to join the nato . 
  just look at smaller east-eu countries , our military force is basically non-existent . 
  revenge ? 
  we are still waiting for franz joseph to descend from the heavens and unite us once again . 
  in typical hungarian fashion i must add : `` we are doing worse than everyone else in the region '', 
  meanwhile hungary is the `` balkans of central europe '', 
  it 's a bit coarse as toilet paper, 
  triggered, 
  i guess someone skipped hungary, 
  [ i 'm not proud of it . 
  yeah , let us deal with our own problems ( give money pls ), 
  many taxi drivers are the worst pieces of shit and most of the hungarian society despises them for a good reason . 
  i loved how they babbled about uber not complying with hungarian laws yet lately balaton sound was full of budapest taxi drivers working illegally ripping off foreigners . 
  and that 's only one example , they are doing it at budapest airport everyday . 
  instead of some fat jerk taking you on a scenic tour and not giving you a receipt/not accepting credit card , with uber you always knew what you were getting into without being afraid of someone ripping you off . 
  fuck this country . 
  triggered, 
  i think it 's just a compilation of common stereotypes from the perspective of the given country . 
  `` lost souls please come back into the empire '' ... after all this time ? 
  * sobs in hungarian *, 
  lol hungary , where 99 % of the people have seen a muslim only on tv . 
  government propaganda exploiting fear of the unknown worked well . 
  82 % concerned that muslism might take their jobs , my sides, 
  austria , i 'm into a new a-h anyday . 
  i doubt the feeling is mutual tough . 
  unless you have digi ( thanks , romania ), 
  i could have sworn that 9 out of 10 hungarians would n't even know the number of member states . 
  probably belongs to an old person who died a long time ago . 
  i have n't met a single ( sane ) hungarian who has bad feelings towards austrians . 
  more like envy and a-h nostalgia . 
  wow i remember this . 
  dumbass ultranationalists went nuts about it . 
  same when someone designed a t-shirt with lajos kossuth wearing the crown . 
  followed by a far-right website sharing the personal data of everyone associated and a bunch of neonazis intimidating the designer in person . 
  you must have the mind of a 12 years old to get so offended by something like that . 
  do brits go batshit crazy too when a movie makes fun of the queen ? 
  hungarian pm interfering in british internal politics ? 
  the british demand respect, 
  as much our dickhead government is trying to create the image of the opposite , the majority of hungarians dislike russia , and are pro-eu/nato . 
  * head explodes *, 
  was n't the official `` military language '' in the kuk german ? 
  giving eu money to hungary is like giving a homeless person change only to see him rush to the liquor store . 
  metro line 3 in budapest is unbearable in the summer . 
  some say it is caused by the trains but there 's probably more t\u00f3 it , like shitty ventillation and the depth of the tunnels . 
  1:35 wow , that looks like the fat cousin of liberty bridge in budapest . 
  ha , in hungary they pretty much formed cartells by dividing the service areas and offering the same prices until our lord and saviour digi arrived, 
  tell me about it . 
  i 'll move to germany for 5 months and i still do n't know how i will cope with the crappy connections and the draconian internet laws . 
  hungary . 
  internet is fast , cheap ( thank god for romanian isps expanding into hungary ) , pirates are not prosecuted , if you 're sued for copyright infringement the isp is not allowed to give out your data . 
  ugly and depressing, 
  * head explodes *, 
  i do n't believe they ever expected a response from the white house . 
  it was a dumbass statement aimed at their dumbass voters . 
  you have no idea, 
  `` trianon '',
