  ? far-right ideas are creating from fear which is creating from misinformation just like racism.anyone can be afraid . 
  hahaha fuck you, 
  why ? 
  ? you will support a junta as you did at 1967 ?? 
  for historical issues i guess ... 
  this survey is from 2013, 
  did anyone say that we do n't want to pay back ? 
  [ the first thing that came to my mind ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374 ), 
  us has done many bad things in greece the last 60 years ... 
  i am jealous.we will reach 30 % in 3-6 months, 
  probably he knows how things work better than all of us together . 
  actually he said that he does n't believe at the agreement . 
  my opinion is that it is impossible for nato to make any action against russia without provoking a ww.the military power at the world is much bigger than was used to be 70 years ago.even my country has a decent modern army which can cause if not the fear of loss , the fear of huge damage for sure.imagine other countries like china , north korea , russia etc that can oppose nato anytime . 
  just imagine kim when he is watching nato to act again russia.he will start pressing red buttons just for fun . 
  nop ... i am comparing the prices of 1 day before euro and the prices after 1 month to 1 year with euro . 
  [ greek forum ] ( http://www.insomnia.gr/topic/442094-\u03c4\u03b9\u03bc\u03ad\u03c2-\u03c0e-\u03c0\u03c1\u03bf-e\u03c5\u03c1\u03ce/ ), 
  everything went up . 
  yes ... what would you vote then ? 
  did i say anything wrong about potami ?? 
  if you were greek what would you vote ? 
  thats the thing.people are afraid to think of drachma.moreover , i doubt that there is anyone that will tell you that he did n't get poor the next day that we got into the ez . 
  i ve said it before . 
  356 drachmas = 1 euro ~ ~ 50 ~ ~ 100 ( checked ) drachmas = 1 chocolate milk and then 1 euro = 1 chocolate milk people are just afraid an they are right of course.drachma will suck and we will get even poorer.the thing is that if there is no debt relief we will reach that point of euro vs drachma, 
  we have green party but with low % ( usually 1 % ) :, 
  fear for sure . 
  even if i do n't read the paper i guess that the pollsters have to do with this ... ?? 
  / u/mminas gave you official evidence ... use google translation . 
  only youtube videos in greek.there is nothing official.moreover , i did n't say that i believe it ... i just speculate . 
  everything you said is true.this is the political situation n greece . 
  he probably means stalin, 
  dude ... if you see the history of nd and pasok you will cry.they are the parties that brought us here at this awful situation.the closest party to them is potami but with a stupid leader that everyone knows that is funded by an oligarch named bobolas . 
  i tell you ... we are cursed . 
  i doubt that he will do it.they are a part of syriza ... probably he will just leave them as mps without giving them a ministry again . 
  if things stay like this and if we have elections at october ( there is a rumor ) the biggest fact is that syriza wont need anel . 
  as lutscher said kke is the communist party of greece.their name means communist party of greece.if you search for what golden dawn is you will find out why i called them nazis . 
  yes, 
  if tsipras was ok with the agreement , there would be any chance for the greek economy to improve or somehow he would be responsible ??? no ... 
  temporary grexit is worse than the normal grexit . 
  you know nothing john milith . 
  60.000 animals that belonged to citizens.we do n't know in general.moreover , the 4,500,000 olive trees and the animals probably are doubled now . 
  he never took a shit again . 
  i update the post everynow and then, 
  omg ... i hope your house is not near there . 
  nah ... in athens we have 3-4 fires at the same time in different places.its was scheduled but i do n't think that its leaked to the demonstrations.we have arsons in greece every year and many guys are in jail because they confessed . 
  i doubt that but we do n't know yet.we will find out the next days i guess . 
  yes ... many people from athens are talking about many fireplaces ... probably its an arson . 
  so tsipras after the ep elections somehow won the majority ... ok, 
  this report is from may.then nd stopped making reforms in order to achieve the targets which as i write above did n't make it and delayed the negotiations for a new austerity package.is this so hard to understand ? 
  well i ve worked constantly above of the imfreports at my university.this report does n't cancel what i say at this post, 
  you broke my heart with his answer ... i am sorry :(, 
  nd fanboy detected.are you sure you understand the point of the post?you do n't seem to.its not a battle to support syriza.of course syriza made things worse . 
  this post is informative.many guys here thinks that last year we were ok and i just proved we were not . 
  did you read what i wrote or you just read the title ? 
  well , i could google it but i will ask you.what is the story of circumscision?i mean there is any story that explains why you must do it.i did the surgery for health issues when i was 13 and it was really inflictive.i cant imagine how a 2 years old boy feels ... ps.thx for the ama !!, 
  i am pretty sure they had the power to force him make reforms.if you are looking for a conspiracy i will give you one : samaras and ez knew that nd could n't stand to implement a new memorandum since syriza was far a head and had already won the european parliament elections.they give the power to syriza but they had already delayed the negotiations just to make syriza fall as it will happen at next months.now nd has a chance to take back the power and probably a debt relief that will skyrocket party 's percentage . 
  oh my god !!, 
  ! this is incredible !!, 
  ! i will make a hoax / s, 
  syriza made it worse but we should have gdp drop from last year if negotiations were n't delayed.anyway , this post is just informative so all of you can stop saying that greece was doing well.nothing more ... 
  which imf report ?? 
  ? from 2012 we knew that we are going to need a new bailout.when imf predictions are wrong this mean money loss.imf is consistently wrong.from january we knew 50 bn bailout for sure . 
  we have way over 1 million people working abroad.greeks are probably 20millions . only 10 live in greece . 
  maybe i pay my old debts but i have new one.moreover i did n't ask for bailout.institutions said it was necessary and i agreed otherwise i would default . 
  * bailouts do n't go to pay pensions but to pay other debts and to resupply the banks * the post is informative * pension cuts are related to unemployment as do public salaries.these 3 things are connected to an economy . 
  for example : if you cut pensions that means that you have less money for the market to keep moving ( private sector ) private sector has less money and that means unemployment and less earning for the country from the private sector because people cant afford to buy more.that also means less money for th private salaries unless if the cut from the pension system goes there.finally with the public sector 's cuts the profit of private sector becomes even lower . 
  its a constant circle ... i hope you get my point even if my english sucks . 
  of course its not ... with the passage of time the problem will decrease naturally because i said we have a huge demographic problem.anyway ... cutting pensions mean more death and more unemployment.keeping the already cut pensions to the correct level means huge cost.i do n't know what to choose . 
  look what i wrote above, 
  before the crisis greece was spending 10 % of gdp.its not that we did n't cut enough.the problem is that the gdp fell massively and moreover we ve got a demographic problem combined with some early retirements that were abolished recently.we should merge the pension funds and decrease the operating cost . 
  more pension cuts means the death of the private sector at this point.also , lets not forget that these pensioners will probably feed their next 2 generations and that pensions have been already cut by 30-40 %, 
  sad story :(, 
  my father retired ( he had a store ) before 1,5 year and he was 64 years old and this is why he paid 10.000 euros.until now he does n't take his pension and if you consider that the country owes him 30,000 euros even before he retires imagine now . 
  plz tell me what i do n't understand master of economics !!!, 
  ps.people that send me messages have pretty much your attitude and the messages are `` i prefer to give money to gypsies than greeks '' . racists idiots that think that they know better than everyone just like you do . 
  true but it is not possible for 2 million people to leave the country.already 1/20 of the population abandoned the country since 2009 . i am planning to do the same when i finish my university but in 1 decade the country will be in trouble because of the high migration . 
  this guy describes how life is for the big majority of greeks.unfortunately my friend no-one gives a shit.most of them are happy.every 2-3 days some guys from / r/europe send me messages and tell me that we deserve all these and much more.its funny and sad at the same time . 
  these fucking lazy germans . 
  ps.sorry dear germans ... i want to taste some revenge / s, 
  lipstick detected :-d, 
  ok of course athens has some beautiful places but its like the 0,000000000000001 % of the city.i study in thessaloniki and i am laughing when someone says that its a beautiful city.only the port and the castles are beautiful . 
  athens is the most ugly place in greece.nauplio and every island is by far more beautiful . 
  muh / r/europe, 
  because before we were ok and the debt was sustainable ... ^ sarcasm, 
  source ? 
  if germans say so ... 
  dude you are not romantic ... hahaha, 
  are you 10 ?? 
  ? if greece do n't pay back it means that greece will bankrupt.moreover , what more privileges has greece?we do n't even have collective bargaining and labor protection because of the institutions . 
  greece does n't want more bailouts you fool ... this is what you understand ?? 
   honest deal i am pretty sure you laughed , you deleted it but then you looked outside , stared up at the stars , the cool wind slapped your face and you said `` fuck it ... lets be optimistic '' . 
   trust is rebuilt please do n't write what politicians say.we all know this is a bullshit.if the government does not implement what troika says the country wont get money ... they are not giving the amount from the beginning . 
  if you are a person with zero iq it can be a serious party . 
  did anyone say that greece wont pay back ? 
  ? source plz, 
  there are not other serious parties.potami has for leader an idiot and is well known in greece that is funded by a corrupted oligarch named bobolas and all the other parties are pretty small without any perspectives.unfortunately my opinion is that golden dawn will become more popular . 
  well , tsipras fucked up but look the opposition.nd and pasok for fuck sake.we are cursed ... 
  we have something similar too.i do n't know why they are doing it.probably at the beginning was a plan to keep the hate between the 2 nations but after 20 years since the last real conflict i doubt its working . 
  they ve never reported that our planes enter the turkish airspace here too.what a nice atmosphere . 
  i always wondered how your medias display the whole thing.do they say `` a turkish f16 passed the borders '' or `` there was a small conflict between a greek and a turkish f16 '' ? 
  [ just to keep the memories ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l0xw0yu.png ),
