   population wanted who wanted that?default is equal to extinction of a big percentage of population at this point.the economy is completely destroyed ... a default will completely kill us.we should default back in 2010 . 
  we always have basketball ... dont worry . 
  well , technically turkey is at war.if the enemies did this ... then its not terrorism.it doesnt matter tho.my condolences neighbor ... 
  in my experience prices in bulgaria are usually half the prices of greece tho.unless if we speak for stores like bershka etc which is the same.so i guess the ratio between bulgaria and germany will be 1/2 ,5 . 
  its not the first time.i remember that before 1-2 years he was accused for accepting bribes.there were also many recorded calls between him and his father but nothing happened.maybe one turk can remind me the situation . 
  what ? 
  eh ... because they are actually claiming history apart from the name?i mean macedonian era ended way before slavs come to balkans.moreover its not nowhere near 50 % of the old province . 
  pretty sure [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_slavs ) is a greek propaganda ... right ? 
  by the way ... noone is concerned with the name disputed since 2005 ... believe me.as another redditor said , greeks are not the ones that make parades with phalanxes and name their airports to greek generals ... 
  you are talking about school crap.i am talking about facts.alexander 's era ended 1000 years before slavs come to balkans.this is a worldwide confirmed fact ... we are not arguing here about if turkey attacked first greece or if greece attacked turkey.we are talking about a gap of 1.000 years and a nation with completely different origins to lie to its own people because a politician before 25 years wanted to give identity and unity to its nation . 
  you dont need to be nationalist to understand what is historical right and wrong.they dont just took the name , they also are trying to take history.i mean ... alexander 's era ended 1000 thousands years before slavs come to balkans.i dont give a crap about national identities etc. . . but this is just wrong from all perspectives . 
  oh brandenburg ... you deserve way more.you were strong once !!, 
   well . . if you do n't want your northern border to be closed all you need to do is secure your own southern border . 
  if you ca n't do it then you only have yourself to blame . 
  i cant believe that this ignorant is getting upvotes.reddit is retarded ... 
  lets say you kick greece out of schengen ... then what?you expect the immigrant flow to stop?then eu will have trouble with the next schengen country and the list goes on ... 
  in every thread about immigration 3-4 people explain to you why its impossible for greece to control the borders but you still come here and write these comments.are you retarded or what ? 
  thats not good for the eu.it is actually against the rules.having such a surplus destroys all the other countries . 
  dont underestimate [ `` the island '' ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1708523/ ) . it will surprise you ... it was amazing . 
  cheers !!, 
  hmmm ... yeah angelopoulos is the best thing we can offer.i loved `` the lobster '' from lanthimos and i enjoyed `` the dogtooth '' too.if you like some drama watch the `` little england '' ( movies ) or the `` the island '' ( tv series ), 
   your cinema i ve never heard anyone before to say this.what greek movies have you seen?just curious :p, 
  found the guy who posts without reading the arcticle !!, 
   academically , varoufakis is a zero no one cares about with practically no publications https://scholar.google.gr/scholar?hl=el&amp;q=varoufakis&amp;btng=  and a single book https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yanis_varoufakis#works, 
   she was definitely paying someone to write essays for her . 
  well , `` locals '' do it too . 
  they blockade everyone.they only let you pass if you are berbatov or olympiakos fc.if you dont take 2 million/year they say `` fuck you '' . 
  wtf am i reading ? 
  ? what generic bullshit is this ? 
  stock -  own debt -  owe i guess you are the kind of person who read a book about economics and think he knows something.lmao ... you know nothing john.i study economics and i am pretty sure that even when i finish the university and do a phd i wont know shit compared to what varoufakis knows.you can criticize him as much you want as i do but at least give some legit arguments and not these bullshits.economics is a field that has so much room for arguments and dialogue.dont ruin it . 
   of course it is n't . 
  it 's a more advanced tool with a similar function . 
  wtf . 
  ok this is hillarious ... 
  i will join for the first time too ... if you want , say which nation you would like to play so i will got the full list :p, 
  you are going to face the mighty helloladies13 at this one !!, 
  ! good luck to you  it will be my first multiplayer game so be kind to me :(, 
  yep i found a very old couple back in 2008 somewhere in calabria in a tiny village.their greek was a bit strange but you could understand 70 % of the words . 
  well , so its a copy pasta of sliding doors :p . if you like these kind of movies watch `` an '' or `` what if '' in english.its not for me but greek girls loved it . 
  little england has better rating than zorba the greek ... probably its not they only thing they take into account . 
  edit : i ve got an upvote ... holy shit ... they unmuted me !!, 
  ! i knew it !!!, 
  [ dry water ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dry_water ), 
   they have a good navy , they can protect the land and sea borders with greece . 
  and do what exactly ? 
   give dclauzel a bag of dicks . 
  moderators ' feedback in a nutshell !!, 
  yeah ... i wanted to show off ... i got a new coffee maker too :d, 
  hell yeah ... exams made my ex horny i guess ... 
  i woke up early today so i can finish my study early and join with you but something came up and i am expecting company tonight.next weekend !!, 
  but , but , but you dont know what you are talking about ... 
  no shit ... people drink beer :d, 
  but it will destroy all the other countries and germany will be on top of them.thats why ez doesnt work ... ecb is responsible for so many economies ... you cant find the balance . 
  if i finish early because i will be studying microeconomics for next tuesday.moreover , i am a bit noob :p, 
  i pay 26 euros for telephone ( nothing free ) + internet with 1mb downloading speed even with new cables . 
  feelsbadman, 
  i was watching the stream before i go out ... damn i felt bad for you . 
  imo ... if greece leaves ez it will be impossible to pay the debts anyway.we would go bankrupt every weekend.in that case there will be longlasting negotiations for when and how much of the debt we will pay back.i dont think anyone will expect from us to pay a debt in euro with drachmas ... lmao.can u imagine ? 
  that makes sense ... !!, 
  what ? 
  there is no other way to make an unsustainable debt -  sustainable other than debt relief , debt restructuring or both . 
  thats why it is called unsustainable ... because further austerity and generally any financial action taken by the country in debt wont solve the problem . 
  i think that the problem is political ... they are just trying to find the right moment or ... 
  spain , russia , portugal ... ?? 
  good job spain ... i was looking for what language to learn.i forgot how to speak french after 3 degrees but ... who cares.time to learn spanish !, 
  where is the old one ? 
  [ shhh babyyy its ok ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/videos/ ) these are only from 2011-14 . moreover valve hired him at 2009 after gabe saw many interviews of him at us and thought that the problem he had with the steam 's marketplace is somehow similar to greece 's problem . 
  yeah ... you have n't even read an interview or seen any of his proposals . 
  not only in greece but in bbc and many other european , american and australian channels.stop with the hate ... 
  i am not a fucking fanboy if him but i hate misinformed people like you . 
  when did varoufakis say that he wants a 100bn loan?probably you were more focused on the fact that he is riding a motorcycle and not at his words . 
  i do n't want to destroy your opinion but he was wayyyy more successful than the huge majority of politicians not only in europe but worldwide.and most importantly he was an economist and not a lawyer like most financial ministers . 
  i am stucked at my parents ' house because of snow.fuck me !, 
  i ve been there twice ... its amazing . 
  if we ever leave the euro we wont leave because of syriza but because of the unsustainable debt.people dont know what even that means or tend to forget that it is a reality . 
  \u03a5\u0393.happy new year, 
  3 ) you do n't understand what `` unsustainable debt '' means and you have n't seen the predictions of imf.you are too optimistic . 
  2 ) i lolled :d, 
  racism does n't exist only for races ... lmao !, 
  noone is fantasizing antthing except some far right-wing morrons.your government is the one that does n't regonize the borders that all the world does . 
  you mean that * all the world , even your own country , recognize them except turkey *, 
  builds character?here in greece we lose one year at the most productive age of our lives to clean toilets . 
  varoufakis or riot . 
  people like you do n't deserve anything more apart from a split in their face . 
  i saw your name and then your post history.fuck you . 
  nah ... he was complaining about the time that it takes to close a check up.sometimes 8 months to 1year + according to him.maybe he is wrong tho . 
  he was complaining about the time it takes to close a check up ... i dont know tho.maybe you are right . 
  no its not ... the greek health system was the most corrupted over the past decades.and something strange : i ve got a french uncle that is coming to greek hospitals ( ofc to the 3-4 i mentioned above ) because the french system is even worse according to him.not because of the equipment tho.wtf ... edit : fixed some mistakes because my phone 's autocorrect sucks . 
  pensioners will die ... everything is going according to plan . 
  the problem is not only the lack of doctors.apart from 3-4 hospitals all the other are shits.they dont have beds , clear bedsheets and drugs.they tell you to bring your own stuff . 
  before 3-4 months i got infected while i was at my parents ' town because of the contacts and i went to the hospital because it was 3am . the doctor told me very politely to wait until the morning to go to a private doctor because the equipment was from 50s . keep in mind that the hospital was the only one for 100.000 + people and the better one was 1,5-2 hour away . 
  in general if you are in greece and you need to go to a hospital and you are not in athens , volos , thessaloniki or heraklion you are screwed . 
  1 ) gib back the marbles 2 ) he was trying to spread fear during the referendum with bullshits like `` i am ready to halt greek immigration to uk '' and `` no means out of euro '' . 
  3 ) he did n't gib marbles back 4 ) where are the marbles ? 
  i thought romanians do n't like us.reddit lied to me . 
  communist party always votes against ... lmao . 
  source ? 
  greece has 25 % + unemployment , higher taxation than all eastern countries and higher cost of living.the argument `` they take less money '' does not make sense and it 's dangerous.moreover greece is in recession for the last 7 years and will be for many more while all these counties grow . 
  counties like cze should not join the euro for other reasons than greece . 
  can you read my comment again ?
