   another nail in the coffin is the huge number of poor immigrants that visit public hospitals each day . 
  in every greek hospital one visits , they will see hundreds of immigrants , that can not afford private medical exams , and have no public insurance , to wait patiently ** in line to be examined/treated for free ** . 
  thats wrong ... unfortunately its free only if you have residence permit for humanitarian reasons.the number is not that big . 
  i dont get your reaction ... he just said he finds the whole thing annoying.you didnt say anything but `` blablabla '' ... your language skills are equal to your moderation . 
  btw ... how you say `` blablabla '' in french ? 
  you wont enjoy if you dont know to play ... seriously ... its complicated as fuck ( wrong comparison ) . 
  we dont need more regions ... we can not afford them / s, 
  i am anti-austerity or if you like the austerity that is implemented in greece.the type of `` i chop without thinking of the consequences '' . but i am not a henchman of anyone . 
  this is true ... i stayed up all night waiting for 6.86 and watching fargo and i had to go to uni at 8 am.fuck me ... / u/k4rter, 
  agreed ... the problem is that fraport will be a monopoly.we could earn a bit more from the airports . 
  btw i ve seen a study that was saying that the majority of vegetarians eat meat when they are drunk.have you ? 
  according to another review the profit is 80 million/year +3,2 billion in 40 years but it is good i guess . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.gr/dimitrios-giokas/-_1141_b_8008710.html ), 
  it would be interesting to know how much is the profit from these airports and for how much they were meant to be sold in july 's agreement . 
  shut up and show me your pretty ass . 
  which country can survive without loan?all countries in the world take loans.the answer above shows you why its impossible to have a budget surplus when everything ( imports ) will become even more expensive and the answer also talks for what will happen if greece defaults in euro.all these are for what will happen with greece in euro . 
  look at the marks  at the same time , greece would hold an `` expensive '' currency and would be handicapped against the rest of the eurozone countries putting the economy in a big disadvantage . 
  to improve its situation it would need to have its own `` cheaper '' currency, 
  ok i found an answer for you  if greece were to default on its debts unilaterally , its european partners would no longer be willing to fund the country . 
  at the same time , the markets would not want to have much to do with the country for several years as trust would be completely lost . 
   this means that greece would only be able to take `` loans '' from within the greek economy which could only last for a very short while . 
  nonetheless , the country 's financing needs would increase . 
  for example , to import anything , prepayment would be required as there would be no trust . 
  at the same time , greece would hold an `` expensive '' currency and would be handicapped against the rest of the eurozone countries putting the economy in a big disadvantage . 
  to improve its situation it would need to have its own `` cheaper '' currency to make its exports more interesting at the same time this would greatly devalue the purchasing power of foreign goods for greek citizens ( e.g. 
  computers would become a lot more expensive ) . 
  of course , the greek government would also have the ability to print money of its new currency although this would lead nowhere as inflation would kick in further devaluing the currency . 
  * of course , the greek government would also have the ability to print money of its new currency although * he means parallel currencies . 
  when we did this at july and threaten them with the referendum ecb reduced the ela and our banks closed and we had a huge damage.they can do it whenever they want . 
  europe has the weapons to fuck your ass ... things are not so simple . 
  but ... but that means that she is no longer mama merkel ? 
  ah sorry ... why would europe accept that?we owe them 300 billions . 
  ~ ~ we are a country that produces only the 30 % of the products we consume/need . we can not bankrupt with this number.we need years to prepare our stock in gas/food etc and still many will starve to death.when you are bankrupt you can not import anything because your currency is ... well ... shit . ~ ~ bullshit . 
  one moment ... not taking the money is like a suicide.its the definition of blackmail.this logic is `` you must do what we say otherwise go die '' . 
   greece is n't some naive actor , they can do their own due diligence . 
  and what can greece say ? 
  they didnt made miscalculation in forecasts.they miscalculated the amount that need to be saved via austerity measures.i study economics and in any country that would be a crime . 
   no one forced you to do anything.greece is ultimately responsible because they are a sovereign country , they make their own choices . 
  i see ... you dont know whats going on.if you dont do what they want you dont take the money . 
  we are talking about the last 6 years and how the eu handled the situation.of course greeks are to blame for the past and we completely accept it.the thing is that imf and eu committed crimes against us.noone gave a shit when imf admitted that they `` miscalculated '' the damage of the austerity measures they force us to take.i doubt anyone understands what they ve caused . 
   the eu treaties do not currently provide a mechanism for a country to leave the euro , either unilaterally or in a negotiated manner . 
  indeed , the process for joining the eurozone as set out in the treaty `` irrevocably '' fixes the rate at which national currencies are replaced by the euro . 
  nor do they provide for a member state being expelled . 
  they only provide for voluntary withdrawal from the entire eu . 
  [ source ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/blog/how-can-greece-leave-the-euro-and-remain-within-the-eu/ ), 
  schauble said that there will be a debt cut if greece leave the euro for 5 years and all the other leaders rejected it.even the constitution of european union couldnt allow such thing . 
  source ? 
   the only reason why i dislike this whole greece ordeal is that you guys blame everyone except yourselves . 
  who said that ? 
  1591 and i still need 3 provinces to form germany . 
  wtf ... this game is so complicated . 
  i didnt ... i became reformed . 
  nop ... does it matter ? 
  i was but after the wars noone wanted me as emperor again :(, 
  aaa i saw your first comment and i thought you dont play.i left hre because they were asking me too many provinces back.now even france wants my blood and fucking austria doesnt help me.i think i will cheat for this one ... 
  if you start as brandenburg or teutonic order , after some conditions ( conquest some places , change your religion to protestant etc ) you can become prussia and then you can become germany . 
  its like a coalition yes . 
  i would like to join but i am scrub so i ll let you play :d i will keep trying to form germany because i am stucked as prussia at my own game . 
  why do you even comment with aggressiveness while you dont have any idea of what is happening to greece?even if many things in your comment is right , you can not just blame greece because the last 6 years greece can not even fart without asking the institutions and those are the ones that took these measures.they took away laws like collective bargaining and labor protection.moreover , what economical genious are you and you make the correct statement :  every economist who wears a tie knows all this is killing , and has been killing , the country economically . 
  canceling debt would only encourage the very behaviour that created this mess in the first place . 
  wtf is this conclusion?if greece doesnt take a debt relief will eventually bankrupt because we have an unsustainable debt.name me a economist * who wears a tie * that say the opposite . 
   they have sky high taxes to supposedly pay for this progressive utopia that the entire country refuses to pay . 
  how the hell can you refuse to pay something?who told you that?if you dont pay your loan they will take your home.if you dont pay the irs you will go to jail.the thing is that many can not pay because we have freaking 27 % unemployment and the minimum wage is clearly not enough because of the high taxes you mentioned . 
   greek debt should not be forgiven . 
  why ? 
  all the pain they have taken on with supposedly crushing austerity and they still have an out of control welfare state !, 
  this * why * is killing me ... hahahaha.you got really nice reasons right there ... you should hang out with wolfgang.he uses the same logic . 
  `` fuck economics ... lets punish these motherfuckers !!, 
  ! they took our sun !!! '', 
  brussels -- a deal to reduce greece 's debt burden could include capping interest payments , extending debt maturities and linking debt repayments to economic growth , according to a paper drawn up by the eurozone 's bailout fund . 
  the nine-page document , dated aug. 10 and seen by the wall street journal , was put together by the european stability mechanism , the luxembourg-based eurozone bailout fund , and outlines different options to reduce greece 's large debt load . 
  the paper focuses on three measures : extending the maturity of some of greece 's loans , linking fixed debt repayments to the country 's gross domestic product and capping or deferring interest payments . 
  `` these measures provide the necessary conditions for bringing debt service back to a sustainable path , '' it says the document does n't examine cutting the face value of the debt , an option ruled out by eurozone leaders in july . 
  the paper was distributed to the institutions overseeing the country 's bailout : the imf , european central bank and the european commission , but not to european governments . 
  it works under the assumption that greece 's annual gross financing needs -- the money the country must raise to cover its deficit , interest payments and maturing debt -- remain below 15 % of gdp annually , a threshold the imf has deemed sustainable . 
  until now , the key official measure of debt sustainability has been total debt as a proportion of gross domestic product , which the international monetary fund has projected would peak at close to 200 % . 
  `` this is a technical paper drafted by staff in august . 
  at the time it was shared with institutions at a working level . 
  the paper was not sent to member states and it was never discussed in the eurogroup or the eurogroup working group , '' a spokesman for the esm said , referring respectively to meetings of eurozone finance ministers and their aides . 
  as four months have passed since the esm document was distributed , some of its assumptions on greece 's economy and the size of its bailout must be updated before debt negotiations start , eurozone officials say . 
  the country 's recession this year is forecast to be shallower than expected , while the recapitalization of the country 's largest banks required significantly less money than the $ 25 billion ( $ 27.6 billion ) originally set aside for this purpose . 
  still , officials say the options outlined in the document remain a possible basis for discussions , shedding some light on the issues set to dominate debt-relief negotiations in the coming months . 
  talks on debt have been contingent on the country concluding the first review of its bailout , now expected in early 2016 . 
  the esm paper focuses on options for debt relief through debt re-profiling -- pushing debt and interest repayment schedules out into the future . 
  while this would n't reduce the amount of the debt , it would immediately improve athens 's ability to repay . 
  the paper identifies 2023-2043 as the most problematic decades for greece , when gross financing needs could exceed 15 % . 
  it suggests that during that period , debt repayments could be fixed to a percentage of gdp , so that the country repays more debt if its economy is doing better and less if it is n't . 
  more specifically , the paper looks at fixing amortizations -- the scheduled repayments of debt -- to 1 % of gdp for 2023-2033 and 1.5 % from 2034-2044 . 
  any outstanding debt would then be split into equal tranches to be repaid starting in 2044 . 
  it also suggests that an existing deferral to 2022 of the interest greece has to pay on some of its loans could be partially extended for another 10 years , while interest payments get fixed at 2 % for the decade of 2023-2033 . 
  any leftover interest would then be paid in equal installments from 2044 on . 
  ** given the assumptions the paper makes on the state of the economy , the debt-relief measures it outlines could reduce the net present value of greece 's debt by 52.5 % , it says , with 6.1 % coming from extending maturities . 
  ** the paper also addresses concerns echoed by many european officials , that if greece is granted debt restructuring from the start , it may get a free pass to run deficits in the future and slow its reform pace . 
  `` the effectiveness of any debt re-profiling measures to support debt sustainability will depend critically on the ability and willingness of greek authorities to pursue a prudent fiscal policy path , and to implement the structural reforms needed to produce sustainable growth , '' the paper says . 
  it cautions that `` strong and lasting conditionality related to debt relief measures could undermine their credibility and effectiveness , '' and instead suggests that part of the debt relief could be granted upfront while part of it would be tied to longer-term monitoring of greece 's adherence to fiscal rules and implementation of structural reforms . 
  \u0399 dont understand shit :p if you liked this kind of songs here [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0q6uqnablle ) its about the era of junta ( 1967-1974 ) . the lyrics also include a story about how the rhymer sent these incredible lyrics at the famous poet [ g.seferis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giorgos_seferis ) but he said that they `` suck '' . even tho he took this answer he wrote in the song that its so sad that the next generations will not hear his poems . 
  lyrics at enlgish gilded words on a handkercher i 've found \u2019em during my stroll the other day a primer on the clover teaching you about the tomorrows and the yesterdays but i was crossing the ultimate gate bound by times ' threads the songbirds plagued you at troy \u00b9 where you were wrung lost for a generation it 'd be better you were called maria \u00b2 and were a seamstress in kokkinia instead of living with this company and not knowing the killer 's star many returned scarred from times ' ruthless payoff in the middle of the road four winds took them on the spur of the moment for a promenade and they found the uncurbed flame and the heartache without a cause and like the others them too were lost they were found halfway howling and the old martyrdom left only a dog that thirsts during the night women on a corner with carbide lamps soliloquizing by the seaside and the open people carrying camions will unload in kesariani \u00b3 . 
  how did it happen this century and life flipped upside down ? 
  how fate and years brought about not listening to a poet ? 
  who unravels the world 's skein ?
