yes ... the problem was that he should be replaced and probably with a left-wing greek mp in the european parliament thats why there was such a big fuss . 
  do you think the equilibrium between commisioners with different ideologies is important?let me explain : before 8 months when syriza won the elections here in greece news were saying that we should not make a right-wing commissioner president of the hellenic republic because it will create problems in european parliament . 
  what turks think of them ? 
  ? are there any reactions etc. ?? 
  well ... before 2 months at the referendum here in greece polls were showing 55 % -45 % in favor of yes but the final outcome was 61 % -39 % in favor of no.sorry but i am used to it thats why i am suspicious . 
  are the polls trustworthy ? 
  18-40yo greeks are not fat.can confirm for 40 + . gyros , mousakas and souvlaki are too op . 
  [ at least google first ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonkblog/wp/2015/07/29/millennials-should-no-longer-dream-of-ever-becoming-millionaires/ ), 
  [ you wont see it now ... you will understand it in 5-10 years when many 60 + will have died ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonkblog/wp/2015/07/29/millennials-should-no-longer-dream-of-ever-becoming-millionaires/ ), 
  well , usually i drink wine only when i am with friends/gf but i will drink a beer for lunch even if i am alone.i am coffee addict tho.i drink 5 coffees/day and 1 of them at 1-2am . 
   a honest thank you for your government 's actions my german brother . 
  let the haters enjoy their butthurt and nighmater dreaming . 
  wtf ... ?? 
  ? i am pro-refugees ( even if i know that taking them is not a solution ) but [ this ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/eu-members-dont-help-refugees-wont-money-germany-062737661.html ) is not acceptable . 
  at least stop saying bullshits ... there are treaties and turkey takes part in some of these . 
  are u kidding ?? 
  ? ofc they did . 
  what would you vote ? 
  they do n't like golden-dawn even if some of the members of nd are close enough with gd.ideologically i mean ... 
  because nd and pasok are the main reason of crisis . 
  i voted no too but the referendum was not saying `` no matter the consequences '' . especially when syriza and most of the people did n't want to leave europe.so these are your own words and beliefs.i do n't like the way europe works nowadays but leaving in that situation would be catastrophic . 
   people gave him the ok to say `` no '' to the austerity , ** no matter the consequences ** who says that ... you ?? 
   italian : enough to have a conversation . 
  - una botilieta d' aqua naturalle per favore -3 euro - vaffanculo real conversation between me and a guy in rome last year.this is all i know in italian . 
  give me $ $ $ and we will fix my feelings :p, 
   ~ ~ germany ~ ~ wolfgang wanted greece out of the euro ftfy, 
  it will cost them money ... 
  this is true tho ... 
  i found [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3dpzgm/pollsyriza_is_first_without_doubt/ct7k7tt ) old post by / u/mminas . 
  fuck you asshole . 
  because we didnt have austerity measures for the past 1 year ... moreover we had 0.2 % raise in june . 
  we have goodys here ... its much better than mcdonald 's . 
  well ... imf is wrong all the time from the beginning of the crisis but anyway.they already admitted that.the government of samaras ' is to blame for sure but i dont believe that europe didnt want it too.i mean all europe supported him at the last elections.even rajoy came to greece 1 day before the elections.if samaras didnt delay the negotiations he would n't have any chance to win the elections.i dont believe that europe wasnt aware of that . 
  [ source in greek ] ( http://www.iefimerida.gr/news/214040/trito-paketo-me-50-dis-eyro-vlepei-dnt-mono-etsi-einai-viosimo-hreos ) a small translation ( sorry for my english ) : according to an analysis that was leaked to reuters , the predictions about the potential of greek debt was wrong.of course everyone who thinks that this is because of the long-negotiations is naive.from last year , when the last analysis of sustainability established , the mark was 7 % higher at 117,2 % instead of 110 % of gdp at 2022 even before the period of the high suprluses ( 4,5 % ) starts , combined with 3,5 % rate of growth . 
  according to imf , the worst senario which is the dominant , at 2022 the debt will be at 142,2 % of gdp , 25 points higher than the last prediction.what means that ?? 
  ? that there will be a gap of 50bn . 
  we , the greek men.we are the crusial reason.then probably because of the conficts between turkey , kurds etc ( yeah we took some tourists from our neighboors :p ) ... 
  lmao, 
  statistics were starting to look better because the nd 's government stopped to implement the measures of the second memorandum when they lost at the european parliament 's elections.the negotiations that we had in february should have been finished before exactly one year but they were delayed because nd 's government wanted to have the 3,5 % surplus.if you look at the imf 's report for the whole 2014 it says that there will be gap of 50bn until 2022 because the predictions were not correct.these 50bn is in the package of this memorandum +25 bn for the banks +10 bn for cc 's dmg . 
  probably syriza but i wouldnt be surprise if nd will win.the difference is very small ( even if we should not believe the media ) . in the end it will be the same ... i mean they have to implement the memorandum and there is no space for something different . 
  the new government will implement the new memorandum.the economy will collapse even more and the unemployment will rise.then we will have new negotiations etc until europe finds the political power to restructure the debt.otherwise they have kick us out or we have to leave on our own i guess.this is what i think that will happen ... 
  economical situation is getting worse and worse and i dont care about politics ... we already know what will happen . 
  belgium plays really good ... edit : was playing ... 
  karma freaks ... thats why, 
   well they were gaining gdp before the whole threats yes and no ... according to imf 's report from february greece would need 50 bn because of wrong predictions.that means that even if we were increasing the gdp ( which we did ... but because the old government stopped implement the austerity measures ) we werent increasing it that much and the result would be that we should get a new bailout with new austerity measures . 
  moreover the debt is unsustainable and more negotiations are coming.the program wont work.everyone knows it ... only with a debt reconstruction . 
  [ hello ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1ondgbnlru ), 
  yeah juncker love us ... how can people believe these bullshits ? 
  everyone that supports the `` greeks are lazy , corrupted motherfuckers '' i guess . 
  is it visible to the people ?? 
  ? i mean my mother was in dublin last month and she told me that people are really unhappy.is it true that they fired teachers and hired them again only for 7-8 hours per week + the right to do another job ? 
  this is embarrassing . 
   the greek government denied a rift with moscow over refusing to allow russian air-crafts to fly over greek airspace . 
  the air-crafts were scheduled to transport humanitarian aid to syria , but did not , after an alleged u.s. intervention . 
  poor slovenia ... :d edit : not so poor now :p edit2 : poor in the end, 
  what ?? 
  ? i saw his profile ... he is totally fine.i am leftist too guys but the point of this subreddit is to have a proper conversation.that is what a i think at least . 
  seriously ... this guy is just an idiot.he bans everyone that opposes his opinion . 
  syriza ( eh ... left ??? ), 
  or nd ( right-wing ) but none is securing a majority to govern on its own . 
  the treaties stop us . 
  these all could happen with any government.the extra two refugees camp is because of the biggest number of refugees these days and the ships too.the 33mil is not even an achievement ... it would happen without avramopoulos . 
  anyway ... i dont care what you believe.the problem is much deeper and my point about productive measures still exists.noone can do anything.only the heads of europe . 
  hello ... can you invite me to the money party ? 
  well ... no its not syriza 's fault that the refugees are coming to greece.dont be ridiculous ... i am not defending syriza but if you believe that nd or golden dawn or anyother party was in power we wouldnt have refugees you are naive . 
  moreover the provisional gvt did nothing productive until now and noone is capable to do with this huge number of refugees that arriving everyday . 
  nah ... they will get 8 % -10 % . its impossible to win the elections especially now that the medias dont promote them.before some years when nd was government in order to destroy them they used the medias to promote all the illegal actions , their nazi culture etc of gd.this way had the exact opposite results.golden dawn earned voters.now , noone promote them and they cant gain much power . 
  you are my hero ... remember his name guys ... this is the last time we see this brave man here . 
  holy shit ... hahahahaha, 
  before some years with the dublin treaty greece and italy had really big issue because the treaty was saying that `` refugees have the right to ask for asylum at the first european country they arrive '' . with one law this treaty was almost canceled and thats why we know `` share '' the refugees.so , thats why greece allows them to travel to hungary.because they dont seek asylum in greece but in germany . 
  well , in general golden dawn and nd gain from the whole story and all the parties accuse syriza for the refugees ( yes i know that its not syriza 's fault ... its the treaties but many people actually believe it ) . 
  can i ask you something ?? 
  ? can u actually read ?? 
  ? i didnt say anything about isis.turkey is doing many bad things at the moment.they put journalists in prison just because they `` resist '' at erdogan . 
  ok ... first read what / u/chemicalpleasure said and then use sarcasm . 
  who says that ? 
  come on dude ... i am just kidding ... i see some people that are disappointed here and i am joking with them . 
  well ... as long as erdogan lives i think that turkey is doomed.we cant do anything about that i guess . 
  greek crisis polls : 90 % of germans support merkel refuges crisis polls : 10 % of germans support merkel maybe she should start fucking our asses again . 
  :d ps.the numbers are not real . 
  so they can take the whole name and the whole history?hahahaha macedonian empire conquered everything until india.imagine all these countries to want to name their selves macedonia . 
  there are greek islands right now with more than 10.000-30 .000 refuges.the number is bigger than 150.000 and noone knows the exact number.everyday thousands are coming from turkey . 
  thats not true at all ... makedon empire established by argeads a greek loyal house.it is proven.moreover , makedons used to take part at olympic games and in order to do that you needed to prove your greek origins . 
   fascist what ? 
  this whole post is ridiculous ... 
  no idea ... the rest of the greeks were really suspicious and offensive ( well ... fuck that ... they were offensive with each other too ) with macedonians for sure ... they were a new `` city-state '' ( as the small greek `` empires '' used to be called back then ) . 
  lol ... ofc we know better than demosthenes.obviously he might didnt know about argeads or as herodotus said when alexander i went to the olympics they asked him to prove that he was greek and he did it . 
  we take infos from demosthenes , herodotus , aristotles etc but that doesnt mean they are always right because they didnt have the knowledge to know everything because ... old times.you need to cross things to make a result . 
  i gave you a whole wikipedia link and you keep saying about demosthenes . 
  in personal relationships you could say that for greeks too.everytime i come there to buy cigars they speak nicely , speak greek , ask me to call them `` malaka '' etc. . . ofc probably they love my wallet.moreover there are many greeks there that get married with you.political issues is the main thing . 
  there are over 150.000 refuges right now in greece that are begging to come in germany.wait for them ... 
  in diplomacy yes ... but you still many open issues with them . 
  you didnt even open the link right ?? 
  ? at 700 bc argeads established there and they created macedonian empire . 
  they called themselves hellenics because they used to live in hellas as macedonias do.like thrace , epirus , islands etc.alexander was greek and the macedonian empire was created by argeads , a greek royal house ( ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_ ( ancient_kingdom ) #early _ history_and_legend ) . 
  if you are going to speak about history ... do it properly . 
  i mean you are all slavs . . arent you ? 
  yes ... google it.the next year we established the embargo . 
  you like them because you have the same origins i guess ... i dont know if they like it tho . 
  so why do you claim the whole history ( alexander ) and the whole name?you are slavs and slavs came in balkans a millenium after alexander.i guess this is your point of view and not your country 's .
