  a grexit will affect the whole world.the question is how much ... 
  thats because we must go 1 year at the army no matter what ( did you know that ?? ), 
  and because we cant find work while we are studing ( as i try to do now ) , 
   the comparison with germany 's pensions is also rather misleading . 
  according to the ageing reports ( 2009 , 2015 ) , pension expenditure in greece rose from 11.7 % of gdp in 2007 ( slightly higher than the 10.4 % in germany ) and reached 16.2 % in 2013 ( while in germany the numbers remained almost stable ) . 
  what caused this increase ? 
  was it due to an increase in pensioners or an increase in pension amounts ? 
  the answer is : neither . 
  the number of pensioners has essentially remained unchanged and pensions have shrunk dramatically due to the implemented policies . 
   simple arithmetic is sufficient to reach the conclusion that the increase in pension expenditure as a percentage of gdp is entirely due to a decline in gdp ( denominator ) , and not to an increase in expenditure ( the numerator ) . 
  in other words , gdp declined faster than the pensions . 
  concerning retirement ages , could it be that in greece employees retire much younger ? 
   the truth is that the retirement age in greece is 67 years for men and women , i.e. 
  two years more than in germany . 
  the average exit age from the labor market for men in greece is 64.4 years , i.e. 
  eight months earlier than the 65.1 years in germany , while greek women retire at 64.5 years , about 3.5 months later than german women who retire at 64.2 years . 
  dude there are so many top economists that are trying to give solutions outside the `` austerity '' ... check out their propositions . 
   there is still plenty of financially ineffiecient ??? 
  how the hell do you know ?? 
  ? what the hell am i reading here.what is this ?? 
  ? a plan to transform greece to a massive grave ??? 
   the relevant point is whether the improvements in the economy caused by pensions financially outweighs the costs of pensions.shrinking the economy and imcreasing the jobless quota ( assuming that you do n't pay any kind of benefits to people without a job either ) do n't factor in , the only question is whether the number at the bottom line is higher or lower . 
  no comment ... really ... my nerves will kill me.i told you that the pensioners is the last source of money for the private sector due to public sector shrinked by over 30 % and you keep telling my bullshits.you want a massive grave indeed ... as this guy said ... if i end up dead to pay you back i prefer to kill you from the first place.i am not joking ... 
   you can only achieve that with a combination of cutting costs and increasing revenue . 
  yeah . . you know better than krugman -_- how long you think that can this happen ?? 
  ? ok ... i know you dont live at greece and you have a completely different view but how can you say this from the first place ?? 
  ? dont you read about doubled suicides , lack of doctors , low pension pensioners that can not buy pils , kids that are starving ?? 
  theres a difference between the economy shrinking and the income shrinking . 
  the former shrinking is going to be expected , but that does n't mean that it ca n't be milked for more money than it previously was . 
  we passed that point way ago ... now more austerity measures means both.you can see it after every austerity package  thats conflating humanitarian issues with financial ones . 
  from a purely financial point of view pensions are a bad investment , for example . 
  from a humanitarian point of view however they are necessary . 
  pension investment is the last source of money for the private sector because the public sector was shrinked by over 30 % . as you cut pensions you close more shops and ofc you are reducing the productivity etc. . . unless you give all the money to public sector . 
   the question , as previously stated , is to what extent humanitarian concerns can be left behind in favor of financial ones until defaulting becomes the more acceptable solution . 
  we passed this line too ... humanitarian concerns can not be left behind.already , the decrease of the public sector cause so much damage to the hospitals ( some islands dont even have doctors at all ) , the suicides percentage is doubled and 500.000 greeks left greece.lets not speak for the homeless people or the people that dont have electrisity and water ... lets not speak about the kids that are starving . 
  oh boy , i like to try help the others with my small ( until now ) economical knowledge that i get to the university.too bad that you are better than me and you calculated the cost of a default in europe ( which if happens will happen for the first time ) so easy but you dont understand the basic economics ... 
  you know ... taking more austerity measures are decreasing the gpd , the country income and in result i can not pay you.thats why we are screaming about austerity . 
  lets speak in economical terms.fuck the starving , the suicides , the grandpa , grandfather that can not pay their pills , fuck the lack of doctors and of teachers . 
  quote from my answer to anotherpost  as you are decreasing the jobs , the pensions , the salaries and you are raising the taxes you are decreasing the income of the country.in the end noone will be capable to pay . 
  moreover , i doubt that greece can accept more austerity with 30 % unemployment , with 300-350 euro pensions , with 1 million people working at an undeclare job , without labor protections which the result it that hundred thousants of people are working without getting money and of course with huge taxation.all these affects the income of the country . 
  you want to decrease the opperating cost ?? 
  ? fine ... lets fire people from the public sectors ( no matter what the cost is as imf usualy does ) ... nothing is left to fire.most hospitals dont even have enough doctors and schools enough teachers . 
   further austerity until the budget is balanced or a straightup default . 
  budge is never going to ballance with austerity ... as you are decreasing the jobs , the pensions , the salaries and you are raising the taxes you are decreasing the income of the country.in the end noone will be capable to pay . 
  moreover , i doubt that greece can accept more austerity with 30 % unemployment , with 300-350 euro pensions , with 1 million people working at an undeclare job , without labor protections which the result it that hundred thousants of people are working without getting money and of course with huge taxation . 
  you want to decrease the opperating cost ?? 
  ? fine ... lets fire people from the public sectors ( no matter what the cost is as imf usualy does ) ... nothing is left to fire.most hospitals dont even have enough doctors and schools enough teachers . 
  in my mind this number is translating to peanuts ... thats why i am confuse ... :d, 
  a joke with [ a fake degree ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/dutch-finance-minister-amends-cork-university-degree-error-29195279.html ), 
  an unsustainable solution leads to default no matter what.you just delay the expected.we are taking for 280 billions and a economically dead country . 
  you are right ... there is not neutral piece at some points . 
  for example at figure 3 the graph doesnt contain the 1 million people with undeclaire jobs ( number which is raising day by day ) . a thing that could change the whole graph . 
  moreover at the export 's graph he doesnt say that there was a 15 % reduction at the prize of the exports which shrinked the participation of industry by 13 % . 
  what a crazy economist.you calculated the damage ( that noone can ) by making some additions.i am pretty sure that at the extra 240 billions you calculated all the gpd loss , the market 's reaction , the uncertainty and of course the long-term loss of imports-exports in europe and the global economy.moreover i am pretty sure you calculated how the stock market will go and the money loss from geopolitical reactions of greece ( like taking only russian products because europeans are too expensive and take the deal of the russian pipelane.finally , i am pretty sure that you calculated the damage to the global trading considering that greece is the second largest shipowner in the world . 
  yep ... thats it ... 
  [ now what ? 
  ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/grexit-would-cause-the-world-a-trillion-euros/ ), 
  what an amazing year indeed !!, 
  ! we had only 30 % unemployment and in the end of the year troika came in greece and said `` you need to take more austerity measures '' . here we are now talking about grexit.these guys are amazing ... they remind me of our old politicians.they were so ... ehmmm ... so ~ ~ idiots ~ ~ good guys . 
  sssshhhh ... imf ** knows ** better ... they just `` miscalculated the multipliers '' as they said.well done once more ... / r/not . 
  how this is accurate when we pay some billions per month ? 
  actually i am sorry ... it 's about the whole world ... anyway.moreover , i didnt say it will happen.i just said what we were reading . 
  [ 1 trillion source ] ( http://sputniknews.com/europe/20150614/1023359677.html ) there is no reason to search for the 11 because it wont happen . 
  well done troika ... now take more austerity measures to eliminate us from the world map ... no big deal . 
  well , i had a similar talk with another guy about this and we were posting links all the time about the damage that a grexit will cause to europe.some sources were saying that it will be 1 trillion , some 500 billions and some 11 trillions as i can clearly remember.we end up admitting that we can not know for sure the consequences and thats the problem . 
   wasnt it you who posted this bullshit thread saying that everything about the eu was shit and ** that only germany is profiting ? 
  ** dude ... dont get mad.germany was the only country that was profiting.the others gained benefits.there is a huge difference between benefits and profiting.i just answer to this.i dont say that it is germany 's fault or whatever ... 
  well as i said i dont agree.just this phrase sticked on my mind and i just posted this link.leave my country ... its another story :d, 
  well , i dont agree with this guy but he was right . 
  [ only germany was profiting ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/profiting-from-pain-europe-s-crisis-is-germany-s-blessing-a-808248.html ), 
  the way i see it there is no win-situation at this moment.greece can not accept more austerity measures . 
  if greece accept them in the long-run we will reach the same situation ( grexit theory ) . if greece leave the ez everything will be hell for 2-3 years and europe will have consequences too . 
  everything its up to the creditors but they say that everything is up to greece . 
  hard times are comming no matter what . 
  900.000 is the reward for the european champion while the budget of panathinaikos ( my team for example ) was 35 millions the previous years and 10millions the last year.so , i will fly with them only when they raise the prize :d ... kidding of course . 
  you dont understand my point.let it go ... 
  he was greek finance minister of the previous goverment and he took austerity measures.its normal to support an agreement even with huge costs.that 's what he always did . 
  i didnt say that because of imf but because of the previous goverment.so we already know what he believes . 
  lets not forget that the leader of bank of greece is [ yiannis stournaras ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yannis_stournaras ), 
  we were all speaking about pensions cuts last week.we were also saying that [ `` imf refused greece to cut military spending to avoid pension cuts and blocked eu compromise proposal '' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39tp1o/imf_refused_greece_to_cut_military_spending_to/ ) here in reddit ... i dont know what the hell happend . 
  probably the imf calmed down their demands and they didnt want the world to see it . 
  oh god ... i need an ouzo because ur comment reminds me the truth and i get depression ... 
  so you say that u agree the cutting of an already 40 % cut pension while increasing the vat for drugs from 6 % to 12 % and increasing the vat for energy from 13 % to 23 % . 
  moreover , you do not agree that greece should go to the national labour institution to reform the labor market or borrow ideas from germany 's or france 's . 
  you also saying that he is a lier and that the labour market is ok without any problems and people get their money . 
  i live in greece ... everything that he said is completely true !!, 
  ! dude . . for example my father retired the april of 2014 and he is 68 years old.he is working from 15 . he hasnt take his pension yet !!, 
  ! even one single euro !!, 
  ! he will start taking it at the next april.two fucking years to take a pension.you know that 1million people work 12 hours per day for an undeclared job of 200-300 euros ? 
  yep ... you are right ... we are liars and u know the whole truth, 
  you still dont give me an answer . 
  ** `` first they ignore you , then they ridicule you , then they fight you , and then you win . '' ** you didnt say anything about his work.for example hear this [ small interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfxl0rxybyw ) and tell me where u disagree, 
   he 's a fringe economist and is at that barely cited at all . 
  how can such an economist work at valve and at other 5 universities ?? 
  ? at least his degrees are real and not like [ fake like dijsselbloem 's ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/dutch-finance-minister-amends-cork-university-degree-error-29195279.html ) moreover , maybe you dont like him or you dont agree with him but you can not say that he is not a good economist or at least a really intersting person.even the rocks can see it and his work show it . 
  he is when schauble is ... thats the deal, 
  i thought us+eu is together in everything that is related to russia.anyway ... just stick to the headline link then , 
  maybe you are right ... i just posted the intersting view , 
  [ u.s. urges greece to reject russian energy project ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/09/business/international/greece-us-russia-energy-pipeline.html ) greece is turning to russia the last 4-5 months and with this way acts political preasure.i posted this link to show you that the preasures that greek gonverment gets are just hitting the wall . 
  woops ... meanwhile [ we ca n't afford to lose greece to russia ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/greece/11679455/we-cant-afford-to-lose-greece-to-russia.html ),
