  no idea . 
  probably becasue even the appearence of his relatives and his wife ld harm him politically . 
  he was convicted for twisting state documents . 
  how exactly it was not proven ? 
  the judge himself tells him that the court basically did him a favor . 
  it 's funny tho ... the same people that cry in / r/greece about corruption are the ones that support corrupted politicians . 
  if you were in his position you ld be rotting in prison right now . 
   it was never proven that he was the one who deleted them . 
  ** [ sauce ] ( http://www.tovima.gr/society/article/?aid=688805 ) people forget so easy ... 
  the delation of 3 of his relatives out of a list with potential tax evaders is something minor ? 
  he was a fucking finance minister . 
  the trial was unfair ? 
  i agree ... he should be in jail right now . 
  if you do n't punish your politicians then ... what the fuck . 
  i agree that nothing substantial came out of the list and that they used him to calm things down , but that does n't mean that he does n't deserve punishment . 
  thank you . 
   gianis triggered . 
  it 's giannis . . oh wait ... its yiannis ... oh no ... 
  it 's ... yianis !, 
  edit : i lied ... its yanis . 
  [ am i allowed to ask him why he is not in jail ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lagarde_list ), 
  you have a pretty bad record in greece . 
  the civil war , the junta and the wiretapping scandal of 2004-6 are some examples . 
  you ld be fool to believe that your country is a saint . 
  it is natural for a country with the power of us to employ such actions to protect its ' interests . 
  anyone ld do it . 
  by the way , from a perspective of an outsider , when i see an american use the word `` us '' when he speaks about national matters i feel sorry . 
  your international policies have nothing to do with americans ' will . 
  your national agencies are pretty much independent from the state . 
  the nsa 's scandal shows pretty much this . 
  eh ... are n't we ? 
   but collectively there are more lazy people in greece then elsewhere . 
  any source for this bullshit ? 
  i cant tell you on the other hand that [ greeks work more than any european ] ( http://blogs-images.forbes.com/niallmccarthy/files/2015/03/20150313_greece_fo.jpg ) . 
  even if this does n't prove anything , it is the best i can show . 
  what about you ? 
  greeks are many things , but not lazy for sure . 
  the way services work is what makes them inefficient and that 's why they work more . 
   every person i know who had moved to greece did it because they can get away with doing almost nothing to survive and skateboard all day . 
  so , your friends are not working and still survive or what ? 
  tell us the secret so we can do the same . 
   i mean for goodness ' sake almost you 're entire government is too fucking lazy to step outside for a smoke . 
  thats not laziness ... that 's stupidity . 
  well , you ` ld be surprised if you knew how many things you do that are legal and bad for the public . 
  on the other hand , the smell is what people does n't like . 
  everyone lied tho . 
  the problem is that we could n't fix our lie in the process . 
  interesting ... i thought cypriots smoke more . 
   greece is full of lazy fucks elaborate please . 
  i am greek and because of that i am probably a bit stupid . 
  you are the smart guy who thinks a meme is reality . 
  well ... in the future it will be ... but not soon for sure . 
  it 's not entirely in our hands , but in europe 's too . 
  eh ... not that i agree with the person above but as an ex-smoker ( vaping helped me quit ) this subreddit seems a bit retarded in my eyes . 
  smoking is really bad , but it 's still a choice and an addiction . 
  there are way more things that cause cancer and are legal . 
  i love commests like yours . 
  it reminds me that there are more stupid people that those who destroyed my country . 
  thx . 
   all of us that were smart have already left the country , all that 's left is the rabble . 
  we are not recovering ... situation is getting worse and worse . 
  [ it is ... ] ( http://www.vapingpost.com/2016/06/10/slovenia-ecig-benefits-presented-to-authorities-professionals-and-public-part-ii/ )  the current regulation bans vaping at work and in public places . 
  i meant that you cant vape in public . 
  they voted a new law before 3 days . 
  it will be illegal to vape inside bars , cafes etc from 1/1 . 
  source : greek vaper . 
  can you elaborate plz ? 
  i am an idiot and i dont understand what you mean . 
  when you will pay your own . 
  unless if you think that your country does n't owe anything . 
  let me tell you something ... the reality is that there is no greek government that wanted the ban of smoking . 
  we are in the middle of an economical crisis . 
  smoking brings a lot of money to the state . 
  first of all , a smoker lives on average 10 years less than a healthy person . 
  these are 10 years worth of pensions . 
  moreover , in greece , where healthcare is free , smokers usually die from offensive cancers while a healthy person will torment the state with a long-lasting desease . 
  that 's the reason that poorer european countries banned vaping ( greece , slovenia etc ) * in public * ^ ^ ^ edited while richer ( england , france etc ) did not . 
   2 ) periphery countries accept austerity until they become competitive with germany . 
  you are an idiot to believe that there are many countries in europe that can be competitive with germany . 
  oh yeah ... i just noticed that he said east . 
   the same goes for east thrace . 
  not so much . 
  there more than 100.000 muslims in greece . 
  i believe that half of them have turkish roots . 
  i dont know how many of them consider themselves turks after all these years tho . 
  depends man ... you can even take 120 + but the house will be pretty old and probably in a not-so-good area . 
  i study in thessaloniki tho and a student house at the centre costs ~ 200 euros ( 50-60 square meters ) . 
  there are only old houses in the centre , but it 's centre . 
  athens is not much more expensive ... 
  5/7 ... you are good troll . 
  * grexit or not ? 
  vote now to earn a chance to win a dinner with varoufakis or merkel !!!!, 
  thats all ... 
  this guy likes beards ... you are one of us . 
  i agree on that ... the guy above used present tho . 
  i agree with everything you said but the guy above used present . 
  last time i checked the average pension was really close to the poverty line . 
  last time i went to the hospital , i had to bring my own sheets . 
  last time i checked , the state had n't pay a single euro of what it owes to the private sector and it uses that money to triumph about primary surpluses .
