  who 's captain ( partisan ) in the mountains ? 
  who gives out love and grace and among hades ' myrtles he strolls ? 
  gilded words on the grass who will find them for the next generation i was tied down in bystreets and in rules and as a wicked day dawned archers , phalanxes and legions took me and threw me in a cage and in the underground , using centuries for dice the money mongers are gambling i was going for the big hunts and as i was n't savvy and a rascal i underwent your tribunals since in hades you 'll find me to sentence me again to martyrdom and chastise me like a criminal, 
  i ve been in sicily at 2008 a few weeks before one eruption.it was damn scary to watch the volcano and especially when i went up there ... my shit reached my sock . 
  [ the only way to help these people is to help them at their countries . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uj69xxunto8 ), 
  dude ... i want to believe that there are not many braindead like you in turkey . 
  depends ... golden dawn does for sure.all the others dont really say much.i think that the average greek doesnt really care either ... only some right-wings . 
   generally considered justified tell me the reasons plz . 
  [ this ] ( http://prntscr.com/99h2jb ) explains a lot . 
  dublin agreement is a joke . 
  greece is pro-palestinian too ... 
  [ it ] ( http://prntscr.com/98sb71 ) tells me that i should try finnish but it doesnt work too :p, 
   dodetot kokanon momanon totyckoka even google translator doesnt recognize this language ... wtf, 
  so you think that these are enough?not at all ... 
  so , swedish is a difficult language ? 
  why people think that sweden 's and finland 's economies should be similar ? 
   it is my understanding that the greeks refuse help to secure their border . 
  source ? 
  [ well take the easy method ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/make-tiropita ) [ take the spinach pie with feta ( my favorite ) ] ( http://www.finecooking.com/recipes/greek-spinach-feta-spanakopita.aspx ), 
   the greek people knew their government had borrowed every year for over 40 years , why did n't they worry about this before now ? 
  every country borrows you fool !!!, 
   why did they resist austerity so much and keep electing socialists ? 
  because they are not idiots.seven years now into austerity and look what is happening . 
   has anyone been imprisoned for the fraud ? 
  some people yes ... we wish more but what can we do as citizens ? 
  sorry bro ... life is not like soa :p, 
  its funny how all of us believe that our wives/future wives will live longer than us.statistics are killing us . 
  yeah because the average greek and generally the average citizen is a medium and a hacker and can easily see the future and also find that their government cooked the books in order to join euro . 
  noone of us says that its not our fault.the thing is that its not only our fault.the way europe is handling the situation the last 7 years is just awful . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.sintayes.gr/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/turopita-strifti-saligaros.jpg ), 
  its actually a copy of this [ vice video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smx7nnb3reu ), 
  pathetic . 
  because it sells more.look at this picture and now try to imagine 300 people next to him.come on ... its not the same.political games ... 
  whatever ... i dont like the nationalistic craps.i wont argue because u seem to be really prejudiced and i dont like this kind of people.you came here to talk about greece when nobody else does . 
  goodnight, 
  actually the part of stream that passes from greece would be named `` greek '' . one whole post for a bullshit . . 
  oh yeah ... lets start the bullshit circlejerk.i am not a military expert but compared to turkey , russia obviously has a much more advanced military.this is what i wanted to say . 
  turkey has not more influence in the region , turkey has a lot more problems and enemies even inside the country.dont be fool ... in comparison with the 3 biggest military powers ( china , russia , us ) all the other countries are nothing.russia has probably the most advanced army.turkey wont stand for 1 month without the us 's backup . 
  but nothing compared to russia . 
  ? who said that ?? 
  of course you can find normal photos or videos.there are photos and videos from my parental house 's city that had 5.000-10 .000 citizens back then.imagine for vienna, 
  i cant believe someone says this ... playing with russia is not like waiting for a new patch at lol to be hyped . 
  and ?? 
  ? you think russia will respect turkey 's `` rights '' ?? 
  ? closing the bosporus is an economical , geopolitical hit . 
  you shouldnt be happy ... 
  so , the video editor compared mostly old buildings that obviously wouldnt have changed.this is actually crap ... he should show the normal neighborhoods to show the difference . 
  its like i am showing the acropolis from 100 years ago vs now ... whats the point ? 
  are u sure u live on earth right now ? 
  believe it or not shooting a greek jet will cause much more trouble.russia wont make war for a jet but the anger between turkey and greece can easily wake up after a similar `` accident '' . 
  wow ... you got some decent evidence right there / s, 
  [ these submarines ? 
  ] ( http://www.lepointinternational.com/it/politica/europa/550-the-submarine-deals-that-helped-sink-greece-.html ), 
  shhhh ... dont ask for more !!, 
  ! maybe in future negotiations we can threat you with a military attack.only if you loan us money for fuel ofc ... / s, 
  basketball for sure !, 
  there is no way `` mythos '' to be the most consumed beer in greece : s, 
  why people downvote this ? 
  ouf ... i was worried that we will take part in this future suicide . 
  euro is the best currency if all countries grow which is not possible with so many countries.otherwise it destroys you . 
  here is the explanation with examples germany and greece :  basic monetary theory says that when an economy is in a depression as severe as the one in greece , the solution is aggressive monetary stimulus . 
  so if you wanted to help greece , you 'd want to start printing more money in an effort to lower interest rates , boost demand , and bring down the country 's unemployment rate . 
   on the other hand , if you were just focusing on the german economy , you 'd reach the opposite conclusion . 
  germany 's economy is already booming . 
  the economy ca n't grow much faster than it already is . 
  so more monetary stimulus will just produce inflation . 
  you might even want to cut back to prevent the german economy from overheating . 
   the problem is that the ecb is responsible for both greece and germany -- and 17 other countries as well . 
  the right policy for greece will be a disaster for germany , and vice versa . 
  any policy the ecb picks will be either too tight for some european countries or too loose for others . 
  at least we have the fucking mirages 2000 but yes ... other than that we are on the same boat here denmark . 
   would most likely have seen his parents get killed by other muslims , in fact . 
  yeah ... we didnt kill anyone in iraq ... sure . 
  agreed ... in fact all european colonies were given shits.from india , to algeria.i dont know why people are surprised with the birth of isis.they are the results of our sins ( including greece because we were also paying 1million/day for attacks at iraq ) . 
  i cant believe you say these things ... 
  shhhh ... lets keep pretending !!!, 
  the sad thing is that 130 innocent people payed the price but france for sure have done many silly things and they should expect these terrorist attacks . 
  not at all ... things will only get worse.isis is the result of our sins in middle east for the last 300 years.from the first european colonies we only gave shits to other nations.these countries need education and the right to take advantage of their own resources.they need space to grow . 
  if we attack isis we will only spread anger again because there are always collateral casualties and someone that will manipulate the people against us . 
  unfortunately i believe that its too late ... we fucked up.the funny thing is that the whole world is surprised.the kid that saw his unarmed parents to get killed in iraq was a matter of time until he grew up and become a man and come to fuck our asses.where is the strange thing?these guys have not proper education and they ve seen really bad things from us . 
  for those that think this is about religion , it is not.religion is the tool , not the motivation . 
  i dont expect estonia to bring piece you fool ... i am just sick of hypocrisy . 
  this is actually fake ... in athens only the greek city hall is colored . 
  one more wannabe humanitarian action.i wonder where were/are all these people when hundreds of people were/are getting killed everyday in middle east . 
  what scares me the most is that whatever we do as west , things wont get fixed but will only get worse and worse . 
  its like a fucking curse . 
  holy fuck ... not again . 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=greece&amp;country2=romania ), 
  aristophanes would be jealous for sure . 
  because europe was alright before syriza ... europe was not hiding that greece 's program had failed . 
  / s i am not trying to defend syriza ofc ( they ve done too many mistakes ) but before syriza greece was not alright.yes greece had a cooked surplus for 1 year and you all thought that we are done with crisis.not even close ... 
  prices are different of course but i agree with the other part.you dont understand what i am saying . 
  that 's what medias do , especially in eastern europe , the last 5 years.its sad ... 
  i dont think you can compare countries at all.you must take into account too many variables.all taxes , cost of living , unemployment , loans , % below the line of poverty etc. . . 
  rofl ... let your heart drive you bro.if you want to have sex , have sex from the first date.if you want to be together you dont need to discuss it ... you feel it.if you dont want dont message to her again.thx god , we dont have the `` american '' way here.i dont like these `` protocols '' :d, 
  actually noone is sure if he had a permission.there is not an official document but only a translation in italian whose authenticity is questioned . 
  i dont get your point . 
  did greece force you to give your money ??
