  you are keep saying that `` greece didnt get its state finances in order '' but this is too old.everything that you asked has been done at the last 5 years but u kept wanting more measures.what exactly do u want ?? 
  ? to hit the corruption ?? 
  ? how can u do it when the taxmen has been reduced to 50 % after your own measures ??? 
  moreover , i can remind you what varoufakis said at his interview at berlin before 7 days . 
  check this out ... this is the funeral of 1 guy who was killed by bulling.you can here the gunfires ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ze2g4qklmwq, 
  come to creta ... you will fill your mind with stupidness then :p, 
  its not 440 million ... 440 million is the difference between the surpluses of 0.75 % and 1 % . europe wants even more . 
  i agree and it isnt going to happen.moreover it is not only about economical issues but geopolitical too.around 300 billion dollars is what greece owes.the cost will be much more because you will actually stop exporting to greece , the markets will react and 5 % of gpd of europe will be lost . 
  so the point of `` northern countries '' ( i doubt that one smart guy from sweden doesnt realize that he must blame both ez/greece ) for the grexit is `` the will keep being irresponsible '' . thats not even a point . 
  greece is fighting to survive.i completely understand that you can not feel how the situation is in greece because you dont live here.but believe me ... you can not take more depressed measures.its better to make reforms that can actually help the economy and a restructuring of the dept.thats the only way.otherwise you will keep getting some money for 2-3 more years and then boom.economy will fall . 
  it might be even more you are right.btw you can search for recent sources.there are everywhere . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/global/2012/may/16/cost-greek-exit-euro-emerges if you are right ( you are not even close ) about soft/hard depressions then its better to send a nuclear bomb because people are already killing them selves, 
  dude ... it might be even more.dont be ignorant.european countries are connected and europe is connected with all the world.if 1 country leaves noone knows what can happen.it is not about the size.its about the fact . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/global/2012/may/16/cost-greek-exit-euro-emerges well ... that is what i found.some people say even more.the point is that everything is really unstable and i dont know if you can take the risk . 
  that 's what i said ...  if he does he will by people 's preasure . 
  the economy can not stand these measures.people are willing to pay more just to stay inside the euro but u are greek like me and u know that after a while they will start flaming the institutions again for the measures and for lossing their jobs etc screaming that they can not live like that ... 
  well , so you prefer to lose 1 trillion euros ( according to research that will be the price . ), 
  instead of pushing some non-depressed measures that will help the economy and a restructuring of dept.ok ... sounds legit and pretty much european, 
  tsipras can not agree.if he does he will by people 's preasure.greece can not stand more pension cuts , bigger vat and 1,5 % surplus, 
  hahahahahahahahahaha ... wtf is this shitpost . 
  greece : xaxaxaxa ( greeklish ) or hahahaha ( national laugh ) or hihihihi ( cute laugh ) or lol ( not laugh at all ), 
  thats the thing ... we need to find a better way.there are not only 2 options.just the imf is a stubborn shitty institution.before 1 year said `` we miscalculated the damage that austerity could do to greece and we are sorry '' and now they want more austerity.good job man ... its better to make a nuclear attack ... at least we will end quickly . 
  yep ... lets raise the unemployment at 70 % at young people and 50 % overall ... no big deal.then you will take your money at ... hmmm ... never . 
  greece can not stand more measures ... what dont u understand ? 
  i guess because the accusation is for the private sector.i am pretty sure that everyone who will make an accusation for cuts ( everywhere ) will be uncostitutional.for the public sector the cuts at the pension of the academics judged as uncostitutional too . 
  the cuts were so big and in just few months.it was a `` glorious '' disaster.moreover at the deciscion it is clear that one factor was that `` there was no research about the remifications at the viability '' . 
  yep that is true . 
  one more factor that actually must make the pension cut illegal is that most of the pension is actually helping sons/daughters . lets not forget that the unemployment is 25 % and 50 % for young people . 
  well ... few years ago you could pay some money to retire before your time.my father for example paied 10.000 euros before 2 years.now you can not do that unless you are the richest person in greece because this `` fee '' is increased to a `` divine '' level.moreover , as i said the age limit was increased the past 5 years.you will not see the results right now but from now and on . 
  the average duration of working life is fixed at the last 5 years.everyone will be retired at 67 years men/63 women with some exceptions ( mothers with young children/people with harmfull jobs etc ) . they now discuss on making 67 years for everyone but the problem will still exists.in 5-10 years when a lot of retired people will `` be gone '' the problem will be fixed naturally.until then we ll be pay 10 % of our budget for pensions . 
  the avarage pension is 650 euros but you are right ... our percentage of budget is huge . 
   go ` back ' to a level that is sustainable for the greek government if we want to kill 2.000.000 people that is the way ... dude ... now they will even increase the pills ' vat.these people can not live even now . 
  thx you ... editted . 
  they are uncostitutional because they decreased 40 % in 5 years ( i think that is forbitten by the constitutional ... i am not sure if is the law it self but it is something similar to this ) . the problem is that the `` council of state '' is above the goverment so if they say that they must increase the pensions , they must increase them by this month.its a law.i am not sure how they can not do it : s, 
  the cut of the greek pensions back to 2012 is unconstitutional by law and the greek goverment must find solution to increase them to the level of 2012 . so , how can they cut them more ?? 
  ? the measure will be uncostitutional again . 
  europe was not like that once.europe became selfish back to 2008 when in order to save their banks they destroyed 1 country and fucked up 2-3 more.i believe that the first shot was really different . 
  downvote me plz ... 
  you know you are wrong . 
  historically dangerous ??? ehm ?? 
  ? maybe before 2000 years . 
  well ... the truth is that nowadays greek medias support imf/germany or whatever ... 
  jesus christ , check that and then tell me about `` by who '' . 
  earth can not have many singapores and switzerlands ... 
  eh ... when i see comments like this i want to kill my self.explain to me why . 
  almost all of them . 
  they cant change both of them . 
  oops ... my false ... its per year.i edited.obviously is not per month.but still ... we can not pay . 
  you are obviously right ... edited , 
  this is a law my friend ... they must pay it ... but i dont know how . 
  can you just shut up once and listen what this guy is saying ?? 
  ? stop being rediculus at every thread.we know that greece shouldnt enter the euro but they did.focus on now !!, 
  `` this means you have n't yet pushed through anything you planned ? 
  we introduced a humanitarian bill which provides access to food , shelter and energy for the poorest . 
  we also introduced a tax arrears instalment scheme . 
  we have six million tax file numbers . 
  of those 3.5 million are in arrears to the state for less than $ 3,000 . 
  not because they are tax cheaters but because they simply can not pay . 
  this is a tragedy for them because they ca n't get a loan , they ca n't start a business without a clearance from the tax office . 
  now they can pay back little by little . 
  ** we have been harshly criticised for this law by the institutions . 
  ** '' i thought that the institutions want greece to be ... ehm ... competitive !!, 
  ! holy crap ... they dont . 
  yep and because the imf did `` wrong calculations '' . check the link in my next post.but of course its our false too ... noone denies it , 
  well ... world doesnt work like that . 
  spain and greece are really different things.spain can grow easier because of the bigger productivity and thats why measures werent that hard . 
  look what imf said before some months but now dont even think about it . 
  greek restaurants are everywhere ... i am pretty sure there will be one in amsterdam.maybe not with the same quality ... but there will be . 
  here you are : http://www.tripadvisor.com/restaurant_review-g188590-d4794089-reviews-santorini_greek_taverna-amsterdam_north_holland_province.html, 
  the austerity measures that has been taken in greece is way-way-way-way harder than any other country . 
  ok then ... i suppose i should read before i answer and stop eating my delicious souvlaki . 
  stop downvoting me and upvoting me again you freaks.here is the proof --  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2013/jun/05/imf-underestimated-damage-austerity-would-do-to-greece, 
  ? we union now ?? 
  ? noway :p i guess we can dream about a utopian europe that can allow a decent redistribution . 
  it depends on what u mean `` give money '' . if they give greece money the way imf did they could end up with prophit after 3 years ( like imf has now ) . 
  france is next and everyone knows it . 
  the same imf that until december was repeatedly admitting that his program failed ?? 
  well you are right ... i take it back even if i was making fun . 
  woops ... sorry ... post deleted :(, 
  `` however employers should think about raising wages if emigration leads to a shortage of labo ( u ) r '' austerity for the win !!, 
  ! dont forget your country 's moto my friend . 
  more than 300.000 young men left greece at the last 5 years.when i finish my studies at economics i will try to leave too.there is not hope here.for example 6.000 doctors left greece the last 2 years and moved to germany while all the hospitals here have a lack of workforce . 
  i am not sure but i think i saw one interview of the german minister of economics who was saying that they want 6 % more immigrants ( i am not sure if it was scaeuble or another german politician who said that ) . they do what they can do best for their countries.i dont judge them as i dont judge the people who are leaving.they want to survive.of cource we will face problems in 40-50-100 years but ... who cares right ??? 
  ok ... clearly you dont know what unsustainable debt is or how it works.your argument ld be true only if the 100 % of the loan is going to repay other loans with completely identical terms and only if the repayment of the new loan starts after the repayment of the previous loan is over.so everything you said is wrong.if the debt was not unsustainable greece wouldnt ask every soldier to return the 4 euros that they took for eve or they wouldnt take money out of other national funds ( like the unemployment or the healthcare fund ) to repay a single installment.thats what unsustainable debt means.that you will reach a point where you will not be able to repay something because there are not other resources inside your country after you ve dried everything off . 
  by the way ... nice dodge at the second link . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-greece-imf-review-iduskcn0x924g ) [ / s ^ ^ 2 ? 
  ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/7/2/8883307/merkel-nsa-wikileaks-greek-crisis ), 
   hey , all loans are painful painful are the loans you cant repay.every country has loans.they are not unsustainable tho ... 
  true ... i didnt say that athens is not dirty or that the taxi drivers are better ... , 
  tourist places ... taksim , agia sofia , ecomenical patriarch , dolmabahce , grand bazaar etc. . . it was winter tho ... maybe thats why or i was just unlucky.anyway , it was not sooooo dirty but the thought `` someone must clean a bit '' would cross your mind . 
   the last capable leader greece ever had was ioannis metaxas i died inside.so you tell me that a tyrant was a capable leader.he was capable to put in prison anyone that ld oppose him for sure . 
  when i came ( before 6 years ) to istanbul it was not clean at all ... maybe things have changed tho.it is a gorgeous city by the way !, 
  edit : fuck taxi drivers !!!, 
  i dont even know how many times we paid double-triple tariff, 
  we dont refer to albanians as immigrants/refugees anymore.the biggest portion that came in the previous 2 decades lives among us and most of the time you dont see any difference.their children are educated and they are/were working hard.the only thing i noticed is that many of them are afraid to reveal their origins and thats a shame . 
  * only my countrymen that browse / r/greece regularly will get it . 
  tell us if it was easy to buy cheap-top quality drugs ... edit : only my countrymen will get it . 
  dude ... stfu and giff 6.87 !!, 
  ! i am so bored to answer because i know that we will be discussing for hours without result xd plz mr lizard . 
   it does n't matter who did what , what matters is that people knew and that they ran into it open-eyed .
