  most of this reforms aka austerity measures hit the poor people . 
  is n't our asses fucked enough ?? 
  ? at least we will be able to fuck our asses alone if we leave . 
  but its possible to make us leave on our own, 
  can i ask you how many months creditors wasted by wanting even more than before everytime syriza was calming down his demands ? 
  i tend to believe that this was the plan from the very beginning, 
  unfortunately he cant leave because people want to stay.the average oldman does n't understand what is actually happening, 
  this is what i said ... that he opposed wolfgang, 
  he will shut his mouth unfortunately, 
  how this has to do with what i said ? 
  so cyprus does n't mind about a grexit ?? 
  ? well ... this map is obviously wrong . 
  moreover malta should be grey and austria too . 
  well probably you are right but i cant forget the massive kid graves at irak ... and for what ?? 
  austerity shrunk the economy so much that it gets harder to pay back after every austerity measure, 
  i saw an interview of the austrian chancellor before a couple of hours and he was saying that wolfgang wants a grexit but his opinion must not pass . 
  shit ... we are done . 
  well...no-one is good . ~ ~ america ~ ~ us and russia to me is the same.they both do shit.the difference is that russia does n't try to hide behind politics . 
  do n't apologise ... i did n't get it too.no-one did actually, 
  yes obviously ... 
  ok now i am convinced ... thats why i like vodka so much / s, 
  thats true.the story is [ here ] ( http://www.keeptalkinggreece.com/2012/03/15/russian-spies-revealed-assassination-plot-against-former-pm-karamanlis/ ), 
  we were friends with russia and we helped them to create their language.moreover we are a much older nation to consider us as part of russia.actually , what nonsense is this ? 
  ? part of russia ??? 
  edit : i did n't know that you are sarcastic ... you added the '' / s '' after 1 hour, 
  greek banks received 8 % of the loans.the other 92 % returned to european banks.cypriot banks had a big problem with the supplement.greeks did n't . they passed all the stress tests while cypriots did n't . 
  anyway i am writing from my mobile so i am having a hard time . 
  hahaha ... the hate is real, 
  the greek banks did n't receive that much support.cypriot banks have a lot less depositors than greek banks.of course only if we are talking proportionately and not about the amount of money.moreover greek depositors did n't face a haircut . 
  of course they will collapse without the deal.thats why the problem is mainly politic ... 
  why the hell they downvote this article ??? 
  edit : not anymore, 
  [ read here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012\u201313_cypriot_financial_crisis ), 
  of course it has but its not that bad.the only problem is the liquidity problem which can be fix immediately after an agreement.after 1 month the biggest amount of money will return to the banks and if you think that europe offers 27bn to resupply the banks everything will be fine . 
  i did n't say that we did n't lose anything but the problem is not like cyprus ' one . 
  cyprus had a bank problem while greece has a political problem.the banks passed all the stress tests before a few months so the recovery wont take so long i guess . 
  source ? 
  how brilliant can be someone in finance when he does n't understand that the program has failed years ago ? 
  you are idiot.since 2012 when the imf wanted 0 % growth but instead we had -3,7 everyone knew that we will need a debt restructuring.just they did n't keep their promise.europe had promise a debt restructuring but as the time was passing they took back their words , find me a link that says that the debt restructuring is needed because greek governments did n't keep their promises from 2010 . 
  ** huh **, 
  well , varoufakis has been proved right since the imf research came out.when he was talking about debt restructuring at january everyone laughed at him and europe ministers ( especially saeuble ) were telling that everything was good.people tend to forget it ,, 
  here is one german that does n't read bild . 
  well said . 
  better than greece , worse than germany.i gave you an accurate answer i guess . 
  off topic : i like how you guys do n't go to vote and most of you pretend that you ve lost faith.you can go and do n't vote nothing in the end.sorry but for you junta would n't be different . 
  we knew from the beginning that he would accept them.we wanted the debt restructuring on the table.that is what varoufakis was always saying.if we wont get it then yes.i will feel betrayed for voting oxi, 
  unity in european union ?? 
  ? no way ... 
  yeah but we got more beautiful girls and handsome boys ( in case you are interesting ) :p, 
  varoufakis and tsipras will be the heroes and merkel the beautiful girl that tries to make them love her and then she will show her evil plans ... hahahahaha ^ kill ^ me ^ plz ^ this ^ is ^ a ^ nightmare, 
  greece didnt have any choise.actually , the prime minister george papandreou wanted a referendum back then but somehow he was not prime minister the next day , 
  well ... i ve never seen this question before.you are right ... i should search first, 
  it was n't my fault ... it was sites ' / papers ' fault :'(, 
  aaa yeah . . thats true.we ve also seen merkel naked at one picture that she was 20 years old . 
  we are everywhere :-d even if i do n't get why this has to do with greece . 
  tell me about it.if you read greek and turkish schoolbooks you will get confused for sure . 
  well merkel has other reasons to do it.i think anonymous shared a picture that she was wearing a nazi uniform, 
  wow ... i did n't know that your president said that back then.i do n't really understand that point that you prefer to step back a bit.i was expecting that now with all this knowledge you have you would simply show everyone that the past is past.mostly for self issues because everyone knows it anyway . 
  company of heroes nazi side is op :-d, 
  well i know its not your fault ... lol . 
  the think is that even nazis gave us a dose and then things stopped because of a trick.you should google it but anyway.i know its a bit bad to want 200bn but its bad also to say that greeks have not any claim . 
  i know ... this is what i write above, 
  the only thing i know is that there is no doubt that you destroyed greece and never gave a damn.i do n't understand why you deny it.my whole hometown had been destroyed . 
  what is awkward about the war reparations ? 
  we told them that we agree that christoforakos can be judged at germany but after so many years nothing happens.i can only take it as unwillingness of the german government because we are talking about an international subject, 
  because they made fucking billions.everytime i remember christoforakos i get so pissed with the german government . 
  well , my english suck a bit so i do n't get what you mean.anyway ... instead of acussing me for propaganda you should just tell me what is wrong . 
  oh comon my friend ... i have n't drink coffee yet . 
  [ look this ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/greeceatlse/2015/07/03/what-does-the-imf-mean/ ), 
  actually he is getting right for everything.when he was talking about debt restructuring you were yelling at him.look now ... 
  unfuck me plz ... :'(, 
  actually the communist party was telling people to do not vote at all . 
  no problem ... :-), 
  nope ... in greece we have no protection of labor market and collective bargaining.they have been all taken away the last 5 years by the institutions.i do n't see how they will agree, 
  i was talking about the institutions, 
  even if we get a full debt relief tomorrow and 300bn to invest communists will find a reason to demonstrate :-d, 
  i think you are wrong.as long as we have the fear of grexit no-one will invest in our country and if you compare this with the austerity measure every month will be even worse.the problem of greece is the unsustainable debt.you cant really grow with it . 
  you are right ... debt restructuring is the best word . 
  sorry but if there is non debt restructuring we will be closer at grexit within the next year.this must happen and everyone knows it.its not about tactics ... its a fact . 
  they wont accept that ... they do n't even like to speak about it . 
  you cant put the debt relief on the proposal.they will cancel it at the same time.it must be apart from the main proposal . 
  you mean they will expand in africa because of the low cost.anyway ... there are not many companies that can do that ... only some behemoths . 
  did your governments ever accuse big companies in africa for illegal activities and infringement of human rights ? 
  ? nope ... do you think they will ever do ?? 
  ? i dont, 
  they are already there.greek medias are saying that there is already a problem with pensions . 
  3 trips to moscow and boom ... us is pressing.it was part of the plan :d, 
  did she really said `` we dealt with this at 2012 '' ?? 
  ? too bad everyone back then had the same thought ... that we are `` extending and pretending '' what a shame . 
  [ tax scandal ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/dec/11/luxembourg-tax-files-juncker-weakened-scandal ) [ luxembourg secrets ] ( http://m.spiegel.de/international/europe/a-911132.html#spredirectedfrom=www&amp;referrrer=https://www.google.gr/ ), 
  if i had the benefit to meet with merkel almost everyday i would laugh too because of my luck . ^ sarcasm, 
  well , can we consider this as an excuse?i do n't ... moreover it sounds ridiculous to me when juncker accuses greece about corruption . 
  oh you poor guys who ran to defend the greek media . 
  let me give you an example : the company named gpo accused all the private medias for taking 1 part of a survey and publish it as the whole result without any kind of assent . 
  i see you all the time to write these bullshits but for some reason you never mention how greece can pay you back.explain to us please , you master of economics but for once without simplistic comments . 
  one teacher at my university ( economics ) said : `` never expect a good answer from those who pretend to know economics by simplifying what matters the most '' well he is not a philosopher but i see what he means, 
  holy crap ... you are a sunray of logic between all this hate . 
  well said . 
  it smells like war.russia and us fighting above our dead body while the rest of the europe is splitting on it.sounds like a hollywood movie . 
  cant wait for the sequel .
