  of course , it is doubtful what uk could possibly have to gain from appeasing russia . 
  russia 's economy is equal to that of italy and thus is n't particularly interesting , there is n't much ideological agreement between them , hardly any common real geopolitical interests ( beyond possibly some brexiters wanting to damage the eu somehow ) etc. 
  some good signs from the uk . 
  they are probably going to align themselves more towards usa after brexit , and that is unfortunate in certain ways ( including , at the moment , things like climate change action ) , but they can still be friends with the rest of europe . 
  alinging themselves with russia , however , would be almost an act of treason , so i am glad to see that they are not giving russia a free pass . 
  perhaps there is something lost in the translation . 
  the implication may be just an artefact from that . 
  i think what he meant to say is not `` the most selfish act since this other more selfish act , the liberation of europe '' but rather `` the most selfish act that has happened in a very long time , at least since the liberation of europe '' . 
  a better way to say it would have been something like `` the most selfish act that has happened after the liberation of europe '' . 
  it is the `` since '' that creates the implication , and i think it is only due to the unwise translation that brings that implication . 
  maybe someone fluent in spanish can tell if the implication is there in spanish . 
  what can realistically be done any more to drop road fatalities ? 
  make even safer cars ? 
  make traffic move more smoothly somehow ? 
  put up ever stricter rules on drivers ' licences ? 
  one has to also consider what is an `` acceptable '' amount of fatalities . 
  for example , if we made cars drive far slower , we would have far less accidents . 
  but cars would also become far less useful . 
  but i suppose there is plenty of room for more safety without making the cars worse , such as new lighter materials like carbon nanofiber etc. 
  if i remember correctly , a significant portion of the drop in the value of the euro is that it was agreed that a lower value would be more beneficial , so the ecb put more euros into circulation . 
  fun fact : j\u00e4tk\u00e4saari literallly means `` dude island '' . 
  alternatively , `` guy island '' or `` bloke island '' . 
  have n't really seen people say that europe has become bad . 
  they are saying europe will become bad if the migration , `` destruction of family values '' etc. 
  continue . 
  they are not wrong . 
  unfortunately , ( extreme-ish ) right-wing parties typically come with all sorts of other ideas including geniune racism , anti-semitism , sexism , even denial of climate change . 
  i am starting to get a feeling that the referendum will pass no matter what . 
  if during the voting it starts to look like no is winning , new ballots with yes on them will mysteriously appear while ballots with no on them will just as mysteriously find their way into the trashcan . 
  dutch mastery over the sea , german engineering , and danish wind turbine technology . 
  a winning combination , i hope . 
  it is relatively small compared to the sea . 
  i would imagne it would n't have much effect any more than any natural small island would have . 
  but of course this sort of things need to be investigated beforehand . 
  i do agree that europe has for far too long been in denial about the negative effects of immigration . 
  it is not just that there is an almost ideological commitment to `` diversity '' and dishonest narratives about most of migrants being poor innocent refugees . 
  however , it is also not just for the likes of bannon and his breitbart to make up misleading or completely fradulent stories . 
  the problem with this thinking is that it assumes that what people believe about the eu is true . 
  the likes of bannon do n't just ride existing movements and amplify the rhetoric , they actively fabricate outright lies to support their position , generate ideologically loaded narratives , and promise simplistic but unwise or impossible solutions to everything . 
  it is wishful thinking , but trump may end up being a gift by being so incompetent that anyone allying him and his movement will become tainted as well . 
  you will still have access to everything . 
  indeed the point of this `` protectionism '' is that you will also have access to european media , some of which might have been out-competed and therefore suffocated otherwise . 
  for example , in the case of movies and tv shows , usa has an advantage in the english language : they can sell their media to anyone who speaks english , which is most of the western world and large parts of the rest . 
  they also have a large domestic market where almost everyone speaks english . 
  germany , for example , can reliably only sell their movies in countries that speak german , consider it worth it to dub the movies , or do n't mind subtitles . 
  and because usa already has such a large market share and hollywood , they can afford larger movies with the best actors , and better writers , etc. 
  by forcing the markets have some share of european media , they have a much better chance of gaining attention and growing . 
  cultural protectionism makes sense . 
  should n't let american popular cultural imports suffocate european ones . 
  i do n't want le pen to win . 
  i think she has the potential to destroy the eu , and crash half of the europan economies with it . 
  but i have been thinking about what is going on with elections . 
  even if le pen does n't win , there will still be the around 30 % of voters who apparently believe her and whatever she says , even though parts of what she says is insane from a variety of viewpoints . 
  i suppose what i am saying is that when people vote for someone you disagree so strongly with ( like trump in usa ) , perhaps one has to think deeper what is going on and not blame it all on lack of education or hatefullness . 
  30 % of voters , 50 % of voters , these are not small numbers of people belonging to fringe far-right groups . 
  either one has to declare half of the voters racist idiots or there is something more to it , and i can not really make up my mind about which is the case . 
  for example , people who voted trump clearly were mislead in many ways , many of them felt forgotten by the increasing economic inequality . 
  but it is also clear from interviews and all the things you can read his supporters say that a lot of them are geniunely hateful or just willfully ignorant of virtually everything about how the world works . 
  reality is of course rarely black-and-white , so the truth certainly is a mix : hateful people , willfully ignorant people , and just disappointed people desperate for anything , any change , something to change the world . 
  the media is divided , and either people trust it too much and are therefore easily mislead by whatever is their main media provider , or do n't trust it and instead find something that confirms what they already believe . 
  reality becomes pick-and-choose , and no one is interested in genuine political discourse , just confirming what they believe already , and everything else is either fake news or some form of hate speech or `` white privilege '' or some other nonsense . 
  thankfully this nonsense has so far been mostly limited to usa and uk for a long time , probably due to the english language media and the presence of the english language online . 
  ideology is ruining everything , and it is hard to know what is true . 
  maybe i have been mislead , and trump is n't as bad as they say . 
  but here we have a fallacy too . 
  there is an objective reality , and `` both sides '' are not `` equally bad '' . 
  i can try to examine the evidence myself , and unless i am literally going insane , it is an objective fact that trump and everyone he brings with him is an awful choice for a leader of anything . 
  same goes for le pen , wilders , the rest of the populist right-wing . 
  i do n't even know what i am really trying to say . 
  this all leaves me very worried about the state of democracy in the world . 
  these are dangerous times , and can make or break the current world order , peace in the world , and the future of what we generally agree as truth and the right values and morals . 
  and i do n't just mean `` hateful right-wing values '' , i mean all the changes coming up . 
  in some ways i sense an upsurge of religious , anti-secular thinking , even outright anti-intellectualism . 
  feelings and certain accusatory tone about not being tolerant , all this talk of `` diversity '' in an almost fanatical manner , the new outrageous social justice theories , it is all going to cause its own problems . 
  ideology is a dangerous thing . 
  i would upvote , but this is n't / r/the _ schulz, 
  but brexit was a revolt against the rich establishment elite , right ? 
  is the price of removing people from the workforce larger than the price of integrating poor and uneducated migrants coming from developing countries ? 
  introduce stronger supports for families , incentives , even basically free income for having children , pay people to be parents , and you will find that birth rates will turn around . 
  a far better idea would be to compare sweden 's rates to sweden 's past rates , to rates in similar countries with different policies like finland , and to the way those rates have developed in different countries . 
  for example , if crime rates have stayed stable in sweden , that is still a bad sign if rates in similar countries have gone down . 
  even more worrying if crime rates have actually risen in sweden . 
  comparing to usa does have its own point , about sweden doing something better than usa , but it makes no arguments one way or the other about immigration which i assume is the point here , given trump 's comments on sweden which have unleashed these comparisons . 
  they 'll join once the oil runs out and they get assurances that they do n't have to share any their oil fund , if the eu is still around by then . 
  well , one certainly has to combine the oil money with some skillfull policy and governing , so you have a point there . 
  oil money is cheating or playing on easy mode, 
  you win this time , netherlands . 
  he 's a climate change denier , and i do n't really even need to know more about a person to know that they are a shitty person . 
  you 're never going to get a lot of people to show up for something that is not immediately pressing on them . 
  a law about to be passed , a recent decision by the government , etc. 
  a vague `` we love the eu '' gathering is n't going to be top priority for anyone except a few hardcore europhiles and maybe , as you said , pensioners and children on a school field trip . 
  there was no terror attack , so trump is wrong and was lying or at least was very mislead by fox news , which he cites as his source . 
  but that does n't mean that sweden 's immigration policy is not a complete failure . 
  in my view , it is quite simple : sweden is very good . 
  the idea that sweden has been destroyed or is going to be destroyed in the foreseeable future is absurd . 
  indeed , many things are getting better and are objectively better than they ever were in swedish history . 
  but sweden also used to be better when it comes to certain things . 
  and it appears to be getting worse and worse at those things . 
  will a ghetto somewhere in an european country ruin that country ? 
  is france a failed state because of the calais jungle ?
