  depending on how much you consider the sovereignity of your nation to be value by itself , you might feel that this is unacceptable . 
  with integration and free movement comes a blending of national cultures . 
  on very long time-scales ( 100 + years , i would say ) , being in the eu could accelerate the process of your nation starting to look in many ways much like every other eu nation , which you might feel is a danger to your national culture . 
  the eu is in some ways quite neoliberal , which could lead to a more usa style economy ( privatisation , weak workers ' rights etc. ), 
  and idea of welfare state , which i especially consider very undesireable and even outright dangerous . 
  without some reforms to the way eu officials are elected and what powers the eu has , there is a danger that the eu could have very heavy political inertia , which could make it hard for it to change direction politically if the people 's views on politics changed , or if there was some decision that should be made extremely fast . 
  and finally , if your country is rich , you are going to end up giving the eu more money than you get back , and the rest of it is then given to poorer member states . 
  and if your country is poor , or small , a policy very much in the interest of larger rich countries ( like germany ) could be forced on you , even though it will not be a net-benefit to your country . 
  my swedish friend who apparently knows something about this sort of thing says that this is beautiful , but for a proper useful herding call her voice should be much higher . 
  sounds like the perfect time to go on a vacation in france , no ? 
  they should 've put that in the title . 
  so often we have titles where eu does something bad , and you only find in the article ( or worse , not even in the article , but by further research ) that it was not actually the eu that did it , but eu members , or someone or something the eu actually is n't responsible for . 
  finnish people have significant trust in their military and their police and , if i remember correctly , significant trust towards each other in general . 
  please let us stay this way . 
  looking at you , cultural influences from elsewhere , and immigrants . 
  precisely why some evidence is needed . 
  there are multiple things that could be the cause . 
  maybe racism is why they get harsher sentences . 
  maybe black people simply are more likely to be poor immigrants who are socioeconomically disadvantaged . 
  maybe that has happened because of racism . 
  or maybe there is something about the culture among black people in uk , or if one really wants to go far to controversial possibilities , maybe black people really do have higher tendencies towards aggression . 
  once we have some evidence to work with , it can be decided what , if anything , ought to be done . 
  such bizarre sentences . 
  white white white white whitey , why you so racist , give us special status ? 
  if anything of this sort were to pop up in finland , i think i would end up calling for closed borders and deportations or something . 
  we do n't want this sort of nonsense . 
  i sort of get why people protest in usa , because for various reasons ( actual racism , the war on drugs , sort of violent culture , widely available guns etc. ), 
  the police there is much more violent and has no doubt killed a lot of black people unjustifiedly . 
  but for it to happen in uk , where the police barely kills anyone ever , and when it does it is often justified , is unacceptable and may be signaling something politically dangerous . 
  so less than 1 per year , in a country of more than 60 million , with half of them lawful . 
  not worth protesting over , as far as i can see . 
  black lives matter is , as far as i know , supposed to be a movement against police brutality , especially brutality against minorities . 
  the uk police has killed exactly how many minority people in the uk during the past decade ? 
  oh , and :  in england and wales 21 % of young men under 18 in custody were black - though black people only made up 4 % of the general population . 
  if there really is racism at play at why black people get imprisoned more often , then fair enough , protest . 
  but if not , and this has happened because black people commit more crime , then they are essentially blaming white people for the crimes of black people and trying to make them feel guilty for punishing them . 
  which is to say , if they think black people get imprisoned more often because of racism , i 'd like them to prove it . 
  precisely . 
  it is as with any deal . 
  because i am an eu citizen , i of course want the eu to try to make a deal that is the best possible for the eu . 
  uk will try to make a deal that is the best for uk . 
  and the uk of course will only accept deals that it considers worth it . 
  they ca n't be forced into a deal they do n't agree with , but neither can the eu . 
  the way i see it , the deal is probably going to be tough on uk , but there is no reason to try to punish them , especially if doing that would hurt the eu also . 
  hey , you ca n't make them concede defeat if you make other demands !, 
  or has that been changed ? 
  i doubt ttip will ever even get to that stage unless they radically change the contents and make it much more public and in general more accountable and less shady . 
  but if it does get to this stage , and the irish have a referendum , i expect they will do it the irish way : narrowly reject the first referendum , get some concessions , and then accept it in the second referendum . 
  if all members ( except the target ) agree , member states can be temporarily stripped of certain rights in certain cases , such as when a member state has acted illegally or against eu treaties and principles . 
  in this case , it might be that nothing comes of it . 
  i think hungary or some other friend of poland might veto it . 
  so what you are saying that in fact all those people who are afraid an eu federation who want the unelected officials to be elected are actually working towards an eu federation by demanding them to be elected ? 
  i guess this is to make it so that the uk government can more easily accept an eea-style deal with free movement , which i think both parties ultimately want , because it would lead to minimal economic damage to both the eu and uk . 
  with this , the uk government can say that they did something about eu immigration , which i imagine would appease quite many leave voters . 
  there are n't really that many lessons to be learned from brexit . 
  at least , not the lessons that leave voters think eu should learn . 
  uk was always skeptical of their membership , and now they finally had a vote on it and leave narrowly won . 
  three explanations : 1 . 
  the experts are all wrong or biased , and brexit will be good for banking in uk . 
  unlikely , but fine , not an entirely impossible situation . 
  they are betting that uk will , despite all promises by the pm and others , not leave the eu . 
  while other banks are moving away to not get caught by brexit , they cash in on getting a larger share of the business . 
  they are doing some sort of complicated speculation thing , where they seek to profit from brexit . 
  or it could simply be unrelated to brexit , and they had made this decision ages ago and did n't think brexit will affect the decision either way . 
  sounds like turkish democracy is n't very mature . 
  but it rarely is anywhere . 
  why is erdogan so popular , anyway ? 
  he does n't seem particularly competent at anything . 
  `` masterminded '' , what a ridiculous way to describe it . 
  i do n't mind diversity that much , but i very much disagree that diversity itself is a goal to work towards . 
  we do n't need diversity for its own sake . 
  we want diversity if it leads to a better society , which it does in quite many , but far from all , instances . 
  yes and no . 
  between russia and usa , anyone sane would pick usa every time . 
  but the influence of certain bullshit politics most prevalent in usa ( including `` trickle-down economics '' , neoliberal ideas , consumerism , certain questionable ideas and ideals spread by american media , even certain american politics regarding race etc. 
  ) , usa 's ill-advised wars for which europe has had to pay also , and for me personally important , usa for a long time refusing to take real action on climate change , are all things that make me wary of usa . 
  usa produces a lot of the things i love and has made great contributions to science and technology , and is a fairly liberal , western democracy , though a flawed one . 
  these are things that are enough to stop making me anti-american . 
  but not enough to make me pro-american . 
  for all those blaming the eu for not handling the migrant crisis properly , you have to remember this : first , while a lot of people , possibly the majority , in most countries are against taking pretty much any migrants , there are still plenty of people who support taking them , due to humanitarian reasons . 
  especially media in countries not affected by migration like to criticise countries for not taking migrants or refugees , by painting all migrants as refugees and then publishing sad stories about the horrors the refugees have gone through . 
  meanwhile , the eu is bound by various treaties and its dedication to human rights to take in refugees and treat them well . 
  the eu ca n't really win . 
  if eu takes in migrants and tries to enforce quotas for member states , the people who do n't like this will be livid and there will be a surge in anti-eu sentiments . 
  the people who think that european countries should take in migrants , meanwhile , will continue to criticise the eu for not doing more and not taking in even more migrants , and will claim that eu human rights are a joke . 
  but if they `` close the borders '' or do something else to try and stop migration , the people who want to take in migrants will be livid and claim that eu human rights are a joke . 
  eu will likely break international treaties which will not do good for eu 's legitimacy on the world stage . 
  the people who do n't want to take migrants will not get angry about the eu but probably wo n't much celebrate its actions either . 
  in truth , what needs to happen is that eu needs to find a solution that will satisfy both people . 
  that is , a solution that does not infringe on human rights and will not be percieved as doing that , but which keeps migrants out of the eu . 
  but is such a solution even possible ? 
  eu is thankfully giving more funding to frontex and other measures . 
  i think the migration crisis is mostly over for now , but we 'll see what happens in autumn.combined with isis crumbling and the truth coming out about what europe really is like for migrants , and barriers on land routes , i expect a lot less migrants this year . 
  i think what pissed off many was eu 's refugee quota plan that ended up being a failure due to countries rebelling against it . 
  what does eu specifically have to do with migrants , and what do you think eu should have done ? 
  honestly , i think uk leaving has quite little to do with the eu , except for certain integral parts of eu like freedom of movement . 
  uk is simply convinced that giving any sovereingnity to eu is bad . 
  i think uk made a stupid decision and is likely going to end up having the same obligations to eu while losing representation . 
  there will likely be negative long-term consequences to uk 's economy and influence . 
  but those consequences are not yet visible , and will likely not be visible for months .
