  and i very rarely intiate it . 
  esa definitely needs more funding . 
  however , i 'd rather for us to go to moon in cooperation with other space agencies , instead of competiting with them . 
  the question is : will there be enough political will for funding space exploration , including this new race to the moon , if it is not done in the name of competition and defeating an enemy ? 
  i like nordic countries more than ever , and would be glad of deeper cooperation . 
  but the thing is , there has n't been much to cooperate on . 
  it is a shame , but seems that getting our nations closer together is getting hard , although i do n't think we are growing apart . 
  meanwhile , baltic countries are rising fast , and as such they , especially estonia , are offering a lot of opportunities and cheap labour etc. 
  to finland , which leads to more cooperation . 
  estonia also has had a very impressive progress in it technology , even when compared to the rest of eu . 
  estonia big !, 
  make it safe and with good enough regulation , and i have no reason why europe should n't do this . 
  the goal is to provide energy from carbon-free sources , but that will take some time , and in the meantime natural gas from domestic sources is a good , quite clean source of energy . 
  this is very true . 
  however , as the world increasingly turns towards intermittent solar and wind energy , the old rules for energy grids are probably going to have to change . 
  unless , of course , we can get extremely good storage . 
  this article is quite biased , as it is clear that there are legitimate reasons why poland does n't want to accept germany 's electricity . 
  however , there are some important things in this article too . 
  instead of attempting to block the energy , european countries should aim to expand and improve the grid to minimize problems due to intermittency of renewables . 
  instead of blocking cheap germany wind energy during times of strong wind , they should try to benefit from it . 
  relying on coal will be expensive for poland in the long run . 
  on the other hand , germany is going likely going to build a lot of energy storage soon , which should help with the excess energy . 
  instead of renewables , europe could of course widely adopt nuclear energy . 
  but i do n't see that happening , not with the current public support , and recent shutdown of reactors in germany . 
  i dislike greenpeace 's anti-gmo stance , and i do not think that they are being honest about the actual possibilities with nuclear energy either . 
  in general , i am an environmentalist , but i dislike many environmental organizations because of their unscientific stances . 
  i do however applaud their willingness to try to actually influence things towards what they believe to be the common good . 
  as far as i can see , they do n't have selfish motivations . 
  as for alternative energy , i fully support it . 
  the prices have fallen and keep falling . 
  one of the most dramatic cases has been solar . 
  one of the main reasons why this has happened is because european subsidies to renewable energy kickstarted the industry which increased interest in the rest of the world . 
  sadly , china has gained a larger dominance over the markets due to its ability to push down prices with cheap labour and dismissal of environmental concerns . 
  regardless , alternative energy can not develop if there is no investment in both r&d and to the industry to help it mature , streamline its process , scale up , and in this way drive down the prices . 
  problems due to intermittency can be solved or at least mitigated by larger , even europe-wide electric grids , and storage . 
  all of this will be expensive , but with climate concerns , other pollution , and future increases in the price of fossil fuels , i believe it will be worth it in the long run . 
  nuclear energy is a bit more tricky . 
  i do n't think any european reactors are unsafe , due to europe 's relative geographical stability . 
  clearly , shutting down reactors prematurely like germany has done is idiotic . 
  however , i am not sure if building new reactors with conventional technology is cost effective . 
  building them takes long , and the price seems to be only be going up . 
  i am looking forward to new nuclear technology , and europe should definitely invest in them . 
  nuclear energy seems to still struggling of low public suppport . 
  they have had years to get ready for this . 
  they knew what was going to happen . 
  they have only themselves to blame for failing to adapt . 
  on the other hand , europe is going to need conventional plants for times when renewables are not producing so well , so it might be that standby capacity subsidies are going to be needed . 
  anyway , is n't overcapacity the whole point ? 
  renewables are supposed to replace conventional plants , not just account for new energy . 
  a good thing and a bad thing . 
  europe needs cheap energy , and while renewables are getting cheaper , they are still expensive and have some problems . 
  meanwhile , nuclear is still unpopular despite new technology and relatively low prices . 
  natural gas is much cleaner than coal , and could play an important role as backup for renewables . 
  it could act as a bridge-fuel for some time , and the only way europe is going to tap its natural gas is through fracking . 
  the possible environmental problems are problematic , though . 
  my personal view on european energy policy is this : 1 . 
  keep on with building more renewables . 
  this can be ensured either through subsidies or carbon tax/trade . 
  subsidies need to be done right . 
  spike-like huge subsidies for a short time are probably not a good idea . 
  rather , a stable low but long-term subsidy would offer much more confidence to investors . 
  keep nuclear plants running . 
  it is idiotic to shut down completely functional reactors , like germany has done . 
  invest in energy r&d , both new nuclear technology and better renewables . 
  continue building a large european smartgrid to help with intermittency problems of renewables . 
  related to # 4 : storage technology . 
  anything from batteries to pumped storage to hydrogen . 
  more incentives for electric cars or biofuels . 
  however , biofuels need to be made sustainable and must not come from sources which will affect food prices etc. 
  transforming to clean energy takes time . 
  in the meantime , allow fracking with good regulations and other surveillance to minimize environmental damage . 
  it should be noted that the grand glaciers of greenland and antarctica are very slow to melt , and would take thousands of years to melt completelty , so the actual searise due to them is much much smaller . 
  seriously , this is an old debate . 
  generally , finland is not strictly geographically a part of scandinavia . 
  but culturally and historically , it is quite similiar . 
  the best idea would be to just start using the term `` nordic '' instead of `` scandinavian '' , because for the rest of the world , those are pretty interchangeable . 
  i would claim that it is okay to say that finland is a part of scandinavia , because it is close enough . 
  but i am getting tired of all the `` x is not part of y '' discussions ... 
  good guy president . 
  excellent point as well . 
  in a country like germany , with 80 million people , it is easy to find a handful of math geniuses . 
  i was wondering that as well . 
  i think it is because our education system is good * by average * , but this kind of competitions have the elite , and finland does n't really invest exellence , but equality . 
  i got 33/45 on first try , a bit disappointing . 
  it made me realize that i barely know the eastern countries of europe . 
  so i tried again and again until i learned them and got 45/45 . 
  we were putting up a tent late in the evening , when a lieutenant responsible for training us came by on his snowmobile and demanded to know why we did n't have our gas protection suits on . 
  it turned out that a gas warning had been given , but our radio man had n't understood it and had n't told us . 
  so , as a punishment , we put up our tent with gas masks on - in a dark snowy forest , in battle gear , under the glow of aurora borealis . 
  good times . 
  precisely . 
  americans are insane about race and culture , and it makes me very worried that they seem to be exporting their ideas about them to the rest of the world . 
  stuff like certain ideas about racism , cultural appropriation , `` problematic things '' ( i literally cringed when a finnish newspaper used the word `` problemaattinen '' ) and so on . 
  a lot of the more insane parts of social justice movements come from usa . 
  this reminds me a bit of those posts on tumblr etc. 
  saying stuff like `` white people have no culture '' . 
  in truth , `` white culture '' is so ingrained into every single thing in how the world works that saying that white people have no culture is like a fish saying there is no water . 
  even many ideas relating to the soveregenity of nations that is practiced by almost every country are [ european ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westphalian_sovereignty ) . 
  but i do n't think those posts are really being serious anyway . 
  i refuse to believe that people could really be that stupid .
