  a lot of the things being hailed as signs of uk 's economy going to doom , or alternatively as brexit not actually having negative consequences , are not really indicative of either . 
  the markets crashing and pound going down did happen , but they will recover quickly and for the most part already have . 
  they simply bet wrong and were surprised by the outcome of the referendum . 
  so a bank deciding less than a week after the referendum that it is not going to leave should surprise no one . 
  no company or bank is likely to do such decisions in such a short time span , especially when it is still not even absolutely certain that uk will actually leave the eu . 
  the real consequences will be seen most clearly in uk 's growth likely slowing down during the coming years , when the exit process starts and details of the agreement start to come to light . 
  when there are dozens of countries saying that , it adds up . 
  so yes , you absolutely need an emission target . 
  i am a cautious federalist , but my worry is that eu could be a catalyst instead of an obstacle for the capitalist corporate takeover you describe . 
  so far , eu has surprisingly often made decisions in favour of the people , like regulations on potentially dangerous substances and worker 's rights protections and various other protective measures , action on climate change , and so on , so i do have faith in the eu not being corrupted . 
  but , it is also clear that there are plenty of lobbyists and certain shady things happening in the eu as an institution . 
  we need to make sure that eu does not sell out on human rights , that it does not force privatisation on member states ( austerity measures favoured by eu may force this ) , that it does n't stop raising taxes on corporations and the rich , and that it actively investigates tax evasion , especially things like what was revealed by the panama papers . 
  i believe that besides xenophobia , for supporters of trump and many leave voters , the main thing fuelling them is the fear of a takeover by a global elite of rich people and corporations who care for nothing but their personal wealth . 
  indeed a lot of left-wing people voted leave too , due to fears of eu serving the elite instead of the people . 
  out of all my fears , my fear of the ever-growing power of this wealthy elite is the greatest . 
  but from where i stand , it seems obvious that trump and leave are offering very wrong solutions . 
  i would want eu to right now start coming up with a plan for a true federation . 
  i want the eu to find a way to create an effective and uncorruptible watchdog for corruption . 
  i want the federation to be democratic ( make commission directly elected etc. 
  ) , open , transparent , and with a voting system that avoids the pitfalls of lesser evils that usa is suffering . 
  a federation with , as you said , fully pooled resources and political aims . 
  the nation state is doomed to fail at this fight . 
  sure , keep telling yourself that . 
  why do n't you organise a poll to find out ? 
  his video on refugees was indeed pretty bad . 
  the video did have its points , but using a disabled syrian girl , who is in no way representative of the vast majority of the refugees and migrants , as an emotional tool was dishonest at best . 
  however , his other videos have been consitently pretty on point about a lot of things . 
  the way i see it , it is a sort of prisoners ' dilemma . 
  if all countries are in the eu , they benefit . 
  but if one , and only one , leaves , they might benefit more . 
  however , if all countries leave the eu , no one will benefit . 
  so finland should be grateful to russia for not attacking finland ? 
  that is very russian thinking , i dare say . 
  yeah , sure , during the second world war russia was very nice to finland . 
  just friendly little demands of land , and then a friendly little war . 
  and before that , there was a nice period of attempted russification . 
  or how about the time after that , when finland had to constantly be on its toes politically to not offend nice russia or work against its interests . 
  now , there are two things where russia has actually been good to finland : they gave finland autonomy after annexing it from sweden in 1809 , and when the bolsheviks granted finland independence in 1917 . 
  both were cases where they could have easily said no , but did n't , for one reason or another . 
  if nato did not take action in a case where an eastern european country is attacked ( and this might be true even if finland was attacked , despite not being in the nato ) , it would be the instant end of nato . 
  likewise , if an eu member was attacked , and other members did not take real action , it would be the end of eu . 
  would usa be willing to risk the end of nato ? 
  if yes , then you are correct . 
  but i very much doubt nato members would want to see nato collapse . 
  i think finland should just join nato and have this whole debate be over with . 
  it is clear that russia will keep on doing what russia does , which will never be good for finland , and it is better to join nato before something goes terribly wrong in russia , after which the whole country will become exponentially more unpredictable and thus ever more dangerous . 
  i agree that pretty much all parts of the eu should be directly elected . 
  that the commission is not directly elected is troublesome and is definitely something i would want to see changed if eu is to work towards increased integration . 
  it does , however , already have some accountability , and its decisions and members have to be approved by the european parliament . 
  many countries have similiar unelected parts of their government , such as the house of lords in the uk . 
  what i disagree strongly on is swiss-style direct democracy . 
  people simply do not care enough and do not have enough time and knowledge to make direct decisions about the vast majority of all political decisions . 
  you might find this very disagreeable , but there really are `` people who know better '' . 
  if you have studied something for years , have worked for years with other people on some specific legal and political question and so on , you are definitely going to know a lot more on it than the average voter . 
  in fact , the way i see it , a lot of political problems are caused by the politicans not knowing better , like they should . 
  the people need to have strong say in who gets elected and on what platform , which is why we need transparent candidates and fair elections , and elected positions as discussed . 
  but they decisions should ultimately be made by the representatives that we have elected , not by ourselves , because unless the matter is very important to me and i have done extensive research independently , i very much doubt i or any other voter can make better decisions than someone whose job is to make good decisions on the matter . 
  as for the bureacracy , it is simply the result of various compromises , and the world being very complicated and getting more complicated every day . 
  soviet union did n't need as much bureaucracy , but it was also notoriously inefficient and slow to react . 
  what we need is not less bureaucracy , but to ensure that the existing bureaucracy is necessary and beneficial . 
  oh , trust me , i know the remain people have their load of idiots as well . 
  but not a single one of them is confidently proclaiming nonsense such as that `` eu is the new soviet union '' and so on . 
  here 's a simple reason why i would vote to remain in the eu : all the people in the leave - camp appear to be people like stefan `` i am the new socrates '' molyneux and paul `` women are sluts '' watson . 
  assuming we accept this load of nonsense as true , what does the eu have to do with it ? 
  videos of like this show why some people want to leave the eu : they have no idea what they are talking about , and know about the eu only what they have heard from other people who have no idea what they are talking about . 
  you know , just because something is the subject of a `` circlejerk '' on some part of some website , does not mean that the opinions of the people taking part in it are wrong , or that those opinions are not potentially common elsewhere . 
  definitely sanders . 
  he is far , far from perfect , but he is much better than trump and clinton . 
  here 's a few reasons : he would at least try to stop new economic crashes like the on in 2008 , which had a massive impact on europe . 
  clinton is interested in only continuing to help the banks and people who benefit from questionable actions by them , regardless of the long-term consequences for the world economy . 
  trump , meanwhile , appears to barely understand how the economy works . 
  unlike clinton , sanders is not interested in questionable wars in the middle east or other countries . 
  trump has made similiar statements about nation-building , but at the same time he has made unspecified claims about destroying isis and in general his message on a lot of things are contradictory . 
  i very much doubt he really has any real proper plans , or that he would hesitate starting another unwise war if he was offered enough money . 
  another war in the backyard of europe is certainly not something europeans want . 
  clinton promises to address climate change , but as with other things , she will do only as much as her donors allow her to do , which in the case of climate change is not likely to be very much . 
  trump believes that climate change is a chinese hoax and would likely take climate change action and negotiotations back by years . 
  only sanders would really take on climate change . 
  failing to address climate change will make the upcoming climate refugee problem much larger . 
  sanders would try to stop big money from influencing politics . 
  this is very important for usa , but it is also vital for europe that usa tries to get rid of this influence . 
  american political thinking does trickle towards europe on some level , and the impact of big money is visible in a lot of places in europe . 
  trump would be terrible for usa 's relations with other countries . 
  he is simply incompetent and narcissistic . 
  he does not understand the actual work of politicans . 
  if he gets elected , he would probably cause a dozen political gaffes with other countries during his first year alone . 
  more importantly , a trump or clinton presidency would continue the grip that big money interests have on politics in usa , and that grip has found its way to european politics too , partially due to its grip on usa 's politics . 
  trump 's energy plan is insane and would guarantee the break-down of any and all climate agreements and set back climate negotiotations by decades . 
  if you are upset about the migration crisis , you should be worried about the massive migration that will be caused if climate change gets ever worse . 
  that being said , it is not clear that a clinton presidency would be significantly better for europe . 
  depends a lot on whether clinton would be interested in starting new wars in me and elsewhere . 
  i always find it curious that the right-wingers seem to think that the eu is socialist institution , while the left-wingers think that it is a capitalist dream . 
  same music as cgp grey . 
  coincindence , parody , or copying ? 
  this is sacrilege . 
  saunas ought to be treated as at least somewhat holy , and corporations ought to be held away . 
  saunas are the places where you go to forget of the ills of capitalism . 
  feels bad man, 
  there are the likes of corbyn who have made some rather suspicious statements regarding russia , and i have seen some brexiters expressing admiration to russia and putin . 
  although those people are probably the `` alt-right '' part of brexiters .
