  if nuclear energy is to play a major role , we are going to have to use new or unconventional nuclear technolgoy , such as breeder reactors , thorium-based reactors , lftr and so on . 
  all of these require more research , and then they need investors , approval by governments etc. 
  which will take a lot of time . 
  at the same time , renewable energy appears to be booming and battery technology to solve the remaining problems might be just around the corner . 
  unlike nuclear energy , renewable energy also appears to have a better reputation among people . 
  there should definitely be more investment into nuclear energy research and development , but honestly i see renewable energy `` winning '' by becoming better faster . 
  regardless , all i really care about is defeating fossil fuels to cut co2 emissions and pollution in general , and whether that is done by nuclear energy or renewable energy is irrelevant , as long as the solution is clean , reliable and affordable . 
  for defense ? 
  2 % is more than enough and demanding that countries reach it is arbitrary . 
  for projecting power and in general protecting interests elsewhere in the world , a country will likely need more than 2 % . 
  movies and tv most certainly . 
  most of the most popular ones are american.music to an extent , but from what i can see , nowhere near the domination that usa seems to have in movies . 
  ( unless you count something as american if its style originates in usa ) the most worrying thing is the creeping americasation ( although this is n't strictly american ) of politics , with crony-capitalist trickle-down bullshit and privasation and `` job creation '', 
  on the good side , this must be great practice for the local forces . 
  a single criminal with an ak-47 is not very likely to cause harm to innocent bystanders . 
  could be very dangerous to the police , though . 
  1st and 7th are my favourites, 
  i did n't know there was this much climate denial in / r/europe . 
  co2 is a serious problem , and it is understandable that coal-rich poland does not want to have fast cuts into its emissions , but do not try to make it look like that poland does n't have to cut emissions because china does n't . 
  poland still has higher emissions per capita than china . 
  as long as this is true , you ca n't point to china and say that you do n't need to do anything because `` china does n't '' . 
  the short term benefit the polish economy gets from high coal use is being paid and will be paid in the long-term health and climate effects of coal . 
  some good news once . 
  290 million is not very much , though . 
  the old gods help us or the eu . 
  eu military alliance and later an army , please . 
  i wish europe had some space or renewable energy/ev tech company like tesla . 
  on the other hand , perhaps there is , but they are not as good at branding . 
  i seriously hope we really are at a safe distance . 
  what exactly do they mean with being `` treated unfairly '' ? 
  my impression of people living in communities with high crime is that they always refuse to take any responsibility for the problems of the area , and instead blame it on some sort of abstract unfair treatment . 
  and then when police try to clean up some of the crime in the area , a confontration occurs , which easily sparks a riot and looting and vandalism , and the area is left even worse as a result as no business wants to stay in a risky area and no government wants to rebuild a place that is constantly torched . 
  my other impression from this is that the crime etc. 
  is clearly overhyped by the media , but that the no-go zones really exist on a lesser level , in the sense that they are areas where police and other authorities somewhat avoid going . 
  they could have had sanders , who would not have been perfect but would have been a 100x better than clinton or trump . 
  trump is the symptom of the disease that the likes of clinton have caused . 
  but electing trump will at best make more people realize that there is a disease while causing even more damage , and at worst make people think that trump is the disease and clinton the cure . 
  usa should elect clinton and then start really working towards ways to cure the disease . 
  some things that could be done : focusing more on other elections , less media monopoly , more transparency , get money out of politics , abolish gerrymandering , and keeping a constant eye on what clinton does to ensure that she keeps her promises . 
  otherwise in 2024 we are going to see yet another awful establishment candidate go against a literal kkklansman . 
  nothing as nice for the corrupt elite than a controlled opposition . 
  my bike froze and the brakes started acting weird and i had to walk it home in heavy snow and strong winds . 
  snow is lovely and beautiful when you do n't have to deal with it . 
  i will be so sad and disappointed if the rover fails or does n't even get funded . 
  i wonder what i could do to get more funding for esa ... 
  kuuma koira is literally hot dog , but i have n't ever heard anyone referring hotdogs ( bun with a sausage + ketchup/mustard ) as anything else than hotdog . 
  ah , yes !, 
  it such an unsual word ( at least for me ) that even i mis-spell it . 
  none of this is an argument for trump , only an argument against clinton . 
  believe me , i have no love for clinton , and i am slightly creeped out by the way a large chunk of reddit and media in general seem to have been captured by her fans . 
  but you ca n't make trump not be an incompetent xenophobe who has literally nothing to offer except that he is not clinton . 
  she won because sanders was an independent outsider turned democrat , and the party was having none of that . 
  the primaries were pretty much rigged in her favour , as the party worked for her , the media worked for her , and the superdelegates worked for her . 
  it is a miracle that sanders got as far as he did . 
  here 's the thing : unless something unbelieveably improbable happens , trump or clinton are the only possibilities . 
  even if almost everything that is said about clinton was true , she would still be a better choice than trump , who is completely incapable of being a president . 
  he has no understanding of politics , he does n't understand economics , he does n't appear to understand even why usa ca n't use nukes . 
  a completely incompetent and actively counterproductive president is far worse than a competent and experienced but selfish and corrupt prsident . 
  an incompetent president can make completely nonsensical decisions that will hurt eveyone for no reason . 
  a competent but evil president can make decisions that will hurt others while benefitting themselves , but they will need to have a public justification , a scapegoat , for their actions , and it is in their interest to keep it all under their strict control . 
  for example : an incompetent president might start a war that will lead only to destruction and no one benefits . 
  an evil but competent president could start a war , but they know the limits and wo n't cause a major conflict that no one benefits from . 
  you got it 100 % right although no real finn would be likely to write that formally in an online context . 
  against any normal candidate clinton would look pretty bad and i would have zero faith in her getting elected . 
  against trump , she is the obvious choice . 
  if i was american , i would be extremely uncomfortable with this sort of situation , because what is there to stop someone like trump running every time ? 
  because the primaries are shady ( `` oh , they are private groups , they get to make up the rules !, 
  it is n't like we have a two-party system '' ) , the parties can to a large extent choose who they want to have as their candidate . 
  it creates a de-facto controlled opposition where you can force the population to choose your pre-picked candidate ( who just happens to be pro-whatever you want ) by setting the alternative to be a literal klansman . 
  the republicans would probably eventually realize this an start electing more reasonable candidates , but there is no guarantee of that , especially if whichever group is hypothetically behind this controls both parties . 
  for me , the whole thing smells of controlled opposition and a highly flawed democracy . 
  it is n't necessarily that there really is some shady group running things and controlling everything like some sort of illuminati . 
  i would imagine this sort of situation could rise organically out of the rules . 
  but that makes it perhaps even worrying . 
  it is something of a myth that obesity is caused by inactive lifestyles . 
  of course , it does contribute , but in general normal exercise burns surprisngly few calories . 
  the real problem is that most people eat too much , or eat too unhealthy foods . 
  everything has too much sugar and/or fat ( and salt ) in it . 
  sugar has often managed to avoid the blame and divert it towards fat instead , and companies with sugary products love to promote exercise and sports as the solution instead of eating less sugary things . 
  as such , i highly welcome a sugar tax . 
  tobacco is on its way out , fat foods have had their attention , but sugar is too often ignored , even though it is probably the single largest cause of the obesity epidemic . 
  it is understandable that there are some problems due to natural sugar and so on , but i am sure all the exceptions can be worked out . 
  i have a 50 mb/s internet connection included in my rent , and a free 100 mb/s internet at my university , and they have always been more than sufficient for me . 
  i wonder , for what reason could one really need a 1 gb/s connection ? 
  4k video is the only one i can think of , but i do n't really see that much point in it . 
  i think the real idea behind these marines has nothing to do with their contribution to fighting , as the force would likely be far too small to make any real difference . 
  what it actually is about is putting american soldiers in the front-line , so that if russia does attack , american soldiers are involved and usa can say `` they attacked americans ! '', 
  in addition to just saying `` they attacked our norwegian nato allies ! '', 
  which might not have as much sway over the american public 's willingness to have usa fulfill its nato commitment . 
  it is a way to enforce article 5 and take away the option of having americans ( or any nato country , but in most cases it is americans because usa is obviously the strongest nato country ) ponder first and drag their feet about whether they really want to involved . 
  it was nevertheless very sweet of the norwegian supporters of the campaign to ask for it to be donated , but the legal complications over a small symbolic piece of land certainly would n't have been worth it . 
  surely ireland is not obligated by the eu to take third world immigrants ? 
  i am among the minority of finns supporting a federation ( although i have my concerns too , but as an abstract idea , i definitely support it ) . 
  i think nordic countries are not very pro-federalism , because we are concerned about how our welfare systems and the nordic model in general would work in a federation . 
  being a part of a federation would almost certainly meddle with them , and as long as that is the case , i do n't see the nordic countries supporting a federation . 
  basically , most nordic people seem to think that there is very little to gain from a federation . 
  we are not worried enough about security to need the eu , we are rich and the economy is doing fairly well ( except in finland , unfortunately ) , and the systems ( government , social security etc. ), 
  seem to be working just fine . 
  if it is n't broken , do n't fix it . 
  perhaps a two-speed eu could indeed be possible ?
