  the argument from sovereignity is , in my opinion , just a smokescreen to avoid being labeled a bigot for opposition to immigration from poor countries and opposition to , for example , islam . 
  ( to be clear , i think there are perfectly valid and non-bigoted reasons to be against immigration and islam especially . ), 
  this can be solved by introducing a stronger border protection . 
  create offshore camps , where actual refugees can be screened and seperated from economic migrants , and possibly moved onwards to another camp somewhere else , or into europe . 
  limit immigration from poor countries . 
  the problem with demographic shift and low birth rates surely can be solved with strong enough incentives and campaigns , for far cheaper than integrating immigrants . 
  they 'll just blame it on obama or muslims or even jews or some other `` traitor of the people '' , like nazis did . 
  uk must not ( and i think will not ) be deliberately punished , but they must not retain the benefits of the eu unless they contribute to the eu and follow its rules . 
  providing the benefits of the eu for free would be the end of the eu , because why would anyone stay if they can get the benefits without being a member ? 
  time for the eu to make it easier to sue companies in other eu countries . 
  even if the vote passes , the referendum likely will be a `` no '' . 
  iceland already has a fairly good deal through the eea . 
  becoming a full member of the eu would just put them in a likely worse situation when it comes to fisheries , and bring them little benefit . 
  [ vox article ] ( http://www.vox.com/2016/4/27/11510118/spanking-children ) , and the [ study ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/27055181/ ) the article is based on . 
  multiple studies over several decades say the same thing : spanking has minimal benefits and massive risks of causing antisocial behaviour , violence , trauma etc. 
  `` but i was spanked and turned out fine '' . 
  you were lucky . 
  and i was not spanked and turned out just fine too , without the risks . 
  [ here 's one meta-analyis on the subject . 
  ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/27055181/ ), 
  iceland is already an eea member with free movement . 
  as luxembourg pm , his main priority was to do what is best for luxembourg . 
  and it is likely that blocking certain taxes was in the best interest of luxembourg so that it could retain its tax heaven status . 
  as a non-luxembourger , i of course do not approve him of doing this when he was pm . 
  but i understand why he did it . 
  returning migrants ( in this context , people who have illegally entered the country without being refugees or having a valid claim for asylum ) to their countries of origin and using sanctions to force those countries to accept them is now a naive far-right fantasy ? 
  no wonder the immigration systems are so screwed up , when this sort of common sense things are seen as far-right . 
   eu wide sanctions would pretty much destroy this country while removing cheap goods from europe 's market . 
  precisely . 
  the moment sanctions are legitimately and seriously on the table , you will find that suddenly taking back migrants is n't that problematic after all for the countries under the threat of sanctions . 
  when did the eu ever truly utilise its soft power ? 
  it is time to try it out on something visible and directly beneficial to the citizens of the member states . 
  do you know a good resource where i could read more about this ? 
  it seems to me that it is obvious that someone who is incapable of accepting the reality of being born as the sex that they , well , were born as , must be mentally ill . 
  in general , i am slightly confused as to why people insist more on changing reality to suit the needs of transgender people ( gender theory etc. ), 
  instead of trying to find out why transgender people feel the way they do . 
  clearly , violence , discrimination etc. 
  against transgender people is completely unacceptable , but refusing to believe in new potentially ill-founded conceptual system regarding gender is not violence or discrimination . 
  lying about your nationality , background , age etc. 
  should all be offenses that automatically invalidate your asylum application . 
  i want that graph !, 
  get on it , i want it on my desk by the end of the day . 
  please do . 
  it is time to really start challenging the americans . 
  it is a common sentiment ( at least on reddit ) that a new space race should be encuraged , and not one that i disagree with . 
  there is pretty much no one good in syria . 
  some are less bad than others . 
  having assad stay in power and nothing change would have been preferabe to the current situation , but he would still have been an authoritan ruler who , evidently , is not that popular . 
  instability would have sparked sooner or later as long as this is the case . 
  at this point , it is pretty clear to me that having assad stay is impossible . 
  he has attacked his own people , sacrificed his own country to stay in power , and russia is the only one who wants to keep him . 
  what would the message be to the world if assad was accepted ( by the west ) ? 
  if someone threatens your authoritan power , just ruthlessly stamp out rebellion , even burn your country down , and people will yearn for you to be back in power ? 
  if you 're a dictator , just threaten your people with syria treatment if they complain ? 
  the world will accept a dictator strongman who does n't care about anyone but themselves as long as they keep the country at least somewhat stable ? 
  i do n't get people defending assad . 
  he could have appeased the people . 
  he could have given minor concessions like many other arab countries did . 
  but no , he opened fire on the protestors . 
  he literally would burn syria down just so he could continue ruling the ashes . 
  you visit r/europe too on your quest against `` anti-americanism '' and `` butthurt europeans '' ? 
  you must really be insecure yourself . 
  anyway , usa is the richest nation by gdp ( the eu as a whole is a close second , possibly even slightly ahead ) but not by gdp per capita , and not by median income . 
  usa has pretty insane wealth inequality . 
  i do n't think hundreds years of history and culture really matter as much as people think . 
  change can happen fast , and things that happened over a hundred years ago do n't necessarily have much effect on today . 
  for example , how much do finns today have in common with finns in 1916 ? 
  finland was still largerly an agrarian society , people lived in rural areas , the state of finland did n't even exist . 
  now finland is an independent country with a highly developed post-industrial services-based economy , most finns live in cities , the demographics have changed and so on . 
  what do we have in common with finns from 1916 ? 
  we speak the same languge , we occupy the same geographical area ( well , mostly , thanks to ussr ) , we have some of the same traditions , eat mostly similar foods , perhaps some customs ( like taking off shoes inside , or avoiding talking to strangers etc. ), 
  most of these are not necessarily great dividers between different nations . 
  i would argue that language is one of the greatest barriers , as it prevents communication between two groups without shared language and acts as a constant reminder that you belong to two different groups of people . 
  politically , things are also very different from a hundred years ago . 
  finland is an independent state now . 
  even in the past 20 years , politics has changed as the president has been stripped of certain powers . 
  joining the eu itself is a significant change in politics . 
  differences can be created fast , as we can see in the differences between east and west germany , but they can also be mended . 
  i do n't think eu can within meaningful timescales ( ie . 
  less than 100 + years ) ever become `` nation '' where people have only or even mainly an european identity and european customs , but that does n't necessarily prevent the eu from becoming something closer to a ( con ) federation with somewhat unified fiscal policies , unified foreign policy and even an eu army . 
  i believe there is room for even a somewhat nationalist views in the eu . 
  i think you can have your own beliefs , your own nation and own culture , but believe that you can work together with others with similar cultures and share an union with them to work together for the benefit of everyone in it . 
  there is some nonsense going around ( solar roadways !, 
  omg !!!! ), 
  regarding renewable energy , but do you seriously think that a country like china would care even the slightest about being `` pc '' ? 
  just because you think something is pc does not mean that it is not true . 
  a lot of people being politically incorrect also insist on being just plain old incorrect . 
  you must have been listening to the wrong energy industry experts , then . 
  renewable energy is booming even without subsidies in many countries all over the world , and the only thing limiting them at the moment is the price of energy storage . 
  and regardless , with climate change pressing on the world , the question is not really whether we can afford to change to renewables , but whether we can afford not to . 
  i would gladly support some new nuclear energy , though , especially some of the new technologies , but i have my doubts too . 
  in finland , a reactor has been under construction for nearly over a decade longer as it was supposed to and has cost three times as much as planned . 
  wait , so you want fossil fuels over renewables ? 
  you seem like an odd person . 
  seems that virtually all your posts are you trying to claim that usa is the best at something . 
  usa has hardly `` utterly dominated '' scientific developement in any field . 
  that is an extraordinary claim and you will need some pretty good research to show that if you want me to believe you . 
  also , what 's with the gibraltar flair ? 
  europe made usa , and most of those americans were either lf european descend or born in europe and moved to usa . 
  `` utterly dominated '' is nonsense regardless .
