  one tier for a federation , and another for basically what the eu is now . 
  the soviet reunion continues . 
  uk voted to leave . 
  as such , uk is no longer a part of the `` us '' group , and is instead a part of `` them '' . 
  and have you seen the things leave voters say about the eu , wishing its destruction , talking about how great uk is and so on ? 
  we find it fun to see those boastful `` patriots '' getting slapped with reality . 
  it is basically cultural appropriation . 
  usa excels at it . 
  so losses in gdp and possibility of handing power over to undemocratic corporations ? 
  why , sign me up / s, 
  belarus ? 
  eu would have to get that out of the cold , dead hands of russia . 
  as long as russia holds any power , belarus will continue to be its client state . 
  i think a lot of the smaller eastern european countries will definitely join within a couple of decades . 
  they will not significantly upset the balance of power , so i do n't see anyone objecting to them joining . 
  if they want in , they will get in , provided they can get their economies and quality of democracy and other problems solved . 
  the biggest problem with turkey , in my opinion , is that they are so large and populous . 
  with a population of almost 80 million , they would instantly become , in terms of voting power , one of the top three powers in the eu . 
  unless we can count on turkey to have the same values as germany or france ( such as renouncing too extreme nationalism , having strong tradition of secularism etc. ), 
  and to be as good a democracy as either of them , and have a proper healthy economy , i do n't think anyone wants to hand that much power in the eu to turkey . 
  i have no idea where the comparison came from or what it is supposed to be even based on . 
  the eu is not socialist or communist , all countries that are members are so out of their own will and may leave at any time , the eu does n't have a single military threatening countries that might want to leave , there is no dictator , and so on . 
  there 's bureaucracy and it is a supranational union . 
  those are , as far as i can see , the only things that the eu and the ussr have in common . 
  i would imagine that no matter what , the eu will never have a single offical `` standard '' language , at least on meaningful ( less than 100 years ) timescales . 
  if there ends up being languages that every official document is expected to be written in and every official to know ( instead of all the dozens of languages that are currently official ) , it will probably be english , french , and german . 
  however , i think de facto english is going to stay as the most used language and gain ever more popularity , because young people in most european countries are increasingy fluent in english . 
  not really surprising . 
  highly educated are preferred over uneducated , because uneducated will need a lot of resources invested into their lives for them to ever have any chance of becoming useful members of the society of the host country . 
  those who are confirmed victims of torture , abuse , and war are preferred over those who do n't have such things , because we are talking about refugees , not economic migrants , and you are not a refugee if your life is not in danger . 
  economic migrants can beat it , if they are not highly educated and thus useful . 
  and finally , christians and agonostics are preferred over muslims , because agnostics do n't go on rampages or try to shift the society towards an archaic religious direction , and christians , even fundamentalist ones , are not as problematic as muslims , because most european countries already have strong christian traditions . 
  this taboo will be broken sooner or later by someone anyway , and i would certainly prefer that a country like sweden breaks it first . 
  this sort of stuff , perhaps ironically , makes me more and more nationalistic . 
  what i have been thinking lately : european countries are , with some important exceptions , nation states . 
  they are states that exist only because in the area where the state exists there has lived for a long time , hundreds or thousands years , a group of people who consider themselves to be one people , and those people formed a state to represent them , to rule over them , to protect themselves being ruled by other groups of people . 
  what this means is that a nation state gains its legitimacy from the fact that it is the nation of a people , by those people , for those people . 
  if you throw that away , and say `` oh , sweden is for all people '' like this video does , sweden stops being a nation state and in some ways loses its legitimacy . 
  the state of sweden occupies the land it does , not because the land is declared to belong to the swedish people and therefore the swedish state , but because of some arbitrary historical accident and the expectation that no other state claims that land . 
  is that good enough ? 
  it could be . 
  sweden has no aggressive neighbours , and as long as it is stable and has a sort of civility and respect for it , the state of sweden has other ways to claim legitimacy to its existence . 
  still , this sort of thing could lead to some parts of sweden starting to want to secede , declaring that swedish people no longer exist , but for example the norrlandic people exist , and norrland demands independence and a state for its people . 
  or they just want to have an arbitrary state of their own , because why not . 
  ( edit : removed a link related to some norrlanders asking independence ), 
  as if a non-zero number of refugees/migrants would want to stay in hungary . 
  they are all on their way to the mythical lands of germany , sweden and the even more mythical uk, 
  if i am to believe lots of american redditors on / r/politics , cnn is notorious for cutting comments and statements so they can spin things . 
  wow , the propaganda is strong there . 
  i expect the eu parliament to shoot down this sort of nonsense . 
  i hope i wo n't be disappojnted . 
  i support the formation of an eu army , but i have one main concern about it : who exactly will be the highest commander , and who will he ( or she , but i would guess he ) be accountable to ? 
  some person elected by the eu parliament ? 
  or the commission ? 
  or the council of the eu ? 
  or will the `` commander '' be the parliament , council or commission itself , by some sort of qualified majority rule ? 
  what is not controversial : 1 . 
  climate change is happening 2 . 
  greenhouse gas emissions from human activities are the main cause of the current climate change . 
  if current path is continued , the climate will probably warm somewhere between 4 to 6 celsius degrees from preindustrial levels . 
  this is bad . 
  somewhere between extinction event bad and worldwide economic depression bad . 
  what is controversial : 1 . 
  how bad is it ? 
  catastrophic , or just problematic ? 
  are there `` tipping points '' that could lead to dramatic changes ? 
  are there feedback loops , positive or negative , that could make it worse or less bad ? 
  what role do clouds and aerosols truly play in the climate ? 
  how much warming exactly will we see per doubling of co2 ? 
  3c seems to be the most likely answer , but if it is higher , we are screwed , and if it is lower , everything will be far easier . 
  spaceport sounds so futuristic . 
  i love it . 
  my own political position is perhaps somewhat unusual , maybe self-contradicting , because i am partially a nationalist , and i think multiculturalism is extremely likely to fail between cultures that are vastly different and do not believe in the same values , but i lean more towards socialism when it comes to economics , and i support strong environmental protections and climate change action , and i support the eu and am even a cautious supporter of a federal eu . 
  i support lgbt rights but i am also somewhat concerned over the breakdown of the traditional family structure . 
  i support many feminists but disagree with lots of policies supported by some feminists , such as quotas . 
  maybe i am just a centrist . 
  perhaps it is a grave mistake that the eu is trying to make nationalism seem like an evil and campaign against it . 
  if the eu sets itself as a direct opposition to nationalism , you are going to see nationalists become anti-eu . 
  could a nationalist support the eu as not just a trade bloc , but a real legitimate supranational authority ? 
  ultimately , the eu is , at least in theory , about eu countries working together to achieve greater efficiency and more sway and in general greater things than any individiual eu country could by itself . 
  would a nationalist take pride and celebrate the contributions of all countries in an eu-wide space project , for example , if their nation also took part in it ? 
  the eu seems to drive itself into a mess that can only be solved with dissolution of the eu or the introduction of an eu superstate . 
   contribution of poland to world 's pollution production is around 1 % - even if our entire country completely disappeared overnight , it would n't make any significant difference in the big picture . 
  so , basically it would be completely crippling our economy in the name of not changing anything in a long run anyway . 
  that is why you wo n't be acting alone . 
  sure , if only poland changed its ways , it would make no difference . 
  but when 100 countries think that they do n't have to do anything because each of them contribute only a percent of total emissions , everyone will end up in trouble . 
  i do n't think poland should or even could change away from coal overnight . 
  but the polish government should immediately start looking into alternatives and investing into them , even if they are rather expensive . 
  and the polish people should support them as they do so . 
  failure to address the use of coal will cost poland far , far more when climate change ( and climate refugees etc. ), 
  really start hitting . 
  and the bill for air pollution is n't tiny either . 
  the great irony of most openly white supermacists to me seems that they all tend to look like the worst possible versions of `` white people '' one could find . 
  overweight and ugly and stupid enough to proclaim their idotic and hateful ideology openly . 
  oh man , this is dark humour, 
  if apple can beat the ec , then we might as well give up and go home , because clearly the corporations have already won . 
  larger nations getting ignored when doing this sort of thing is my worry too . 
  need to uncover the rulebreakers and put public pressure on them and the commission , i suppose . 
  this is great press for the eu,
