  onwards to doing the same for every single company with shady practices in any eu country or country that eu can do something about . 
  you may notice that i did not say `` yet another example of islamophobia '' . 
  instead i said `` an actual example '' , which implied that there are a lot of examples of `` islamophobia '' that really are n't islamophobia . 
  nazism is not a religion , so it would be a rather different situation . 
  however , islam does appear to be more ideological and compassing more aspects of life and society than other religions , so the comparison is not entirely invalid . 
  i guess my answer would be that i would serve them if i was legally obligated to , and otherwise would tell them that i will refuse to serve to people who subscribe to such a hateful ideology . 
  unlike nazism , islam is not generally accepted as being a hateful ideology , however . 
  an actual example of islamophobia . 
  there is , as far as i can see , no justifiable reason whatsoever to discriminating against muslims as customers in a restaurant . 
  is this declared spirit of democracy more important than the rule of law ? 
  i used to have a bit of trouble with knowing slovakia from slovenia . 
  then i realized that i was an idiot , because i know very well where czechia is , and it was called czechoslovakia , not czechoslovenia . 
  so now i always know where slovakia is , and where slovenia is . 
  copyright needs to be returned to its roots . 
  the idea of copyright is to encourage innovation and original ideas by ensuring that the original creator or creators get some time to profit from having come up with the idea and create and exclusively sell a product related to it . 
  without copyright , someone might steal the idea or design or cultural work and profit from it , without having to pay for the costs that went into developing the product in the first place . 
  these days , copyright is increasingly used just for profit , often in a way that actually stifles innovation and original ideas , by having copyright extend far beyond the life of the original creator , and for example suing anyone with any idea even remotely related to their 's . 
  the worst offenders are patent trolls . 
  are there surveys or something ? 
  how do you know ? 
  now that this silliness is overturned , i would love to see some actual public discussion about what if anything should be done about the potentially misogynistic practices in islamic communities or cultures closely linked to islam , where misogynistic practices , based to islam or not , are intertwined in such a way that going against those practices is seen as going against islam ? 
  for example : how do you make sure that no has to wear a piece of clothing that they do not want to wear , but are forced to it by threats of violence , threats of social exclusion and shame ? 
  even if a person says that they want to wear it , and it is their choice , there are more aspects to this . 
  even though they do it willingly , would they still face punishment for not wearing it ? 
  do they think themselves a promiscuous `` slut '' or dishonorable if they do not wear it ? 
  do they have internalised misogyny and patriarchial values , and if yes , what if anything should be done to fight against them ? 
  he saw actually less than 1 % of the art in london ( so far less than `` all '' , although i suppose the title is more `` i will attempt to see all art '' instead of `` here is how i did see all art '' ) , and i do n't think one can much appreciate any art by running by it . 
  still , a nice video . 
  but i was told that the british do n't actually suffer from empire hangover and no one ever talks about it, 
  i am 90 % sure the eu will not collapse and more countries will not leave , but the eu is going to continue going from crisis to crisis , as technological changes and unrest in mena continues . 
  either there will be more integration or it will get scaled back somewhat , the current powers and integration are simply not sustainable . 
  hey , this is n't / r/yurop !, 
  because your beloved emperor willingly went to a war and failed miserably , and would have failed even worse if the germans had n't been more effective . 
  and your empire could only exist because all the people who wanted to have their own nations were forcibly being kept down . 
  now , you want the emperor back ? 
  start a political movement and see how it goes , but i do n't think you 're going to get much support . 
  your autocratic , undemocratic emperor , yes ? 
  and in what way have they taken your freedom ? 
  foreign laws are true in the sense that you have agreed to follow rules that are common to everyone . 
  it certainly is n't . 
  not saying that it is a bad thing ( on some level i support even a eu federation ) , but if you look at what people said back in the days of the coal and steel community , the end goal of the eu has always been an `` united states of europe '' . 
  until ( if ever ) the eu competes as a single team , instead of 28 seperate teams , this sort of comparison is n't really fair or balanced . 
  but hey , it makes for a good troll and rustles american jimmies . 
  in what way exactly is the eu a `` new world order level megacorp '' ? 
  does n't affect gold medals , though , and eu as a whole has double the medals of usa when it comes to gold . 
  it is great . 
  excited for the second part of season 4 . 
  i think his show was actually more about how badly the nuclear weapons are stored and handled . 
  lots of close calls , very obsolete equipment ( although in some cases that may be good , because new technology is generally more prone to damage and requires more maintentance ) , poorly trained handlers , and it hardly makes a difference whether usa has 500 or 2000 nukes , so the number of nukes should be lowered , in cooperation with russia . 
  how so ? 
  not having to deal with usa ? 
  france and uk already have nuclear weapons . 
  as a finn i am especially worried about the anti-nato and pro-russia views that seem to have become increasingly common among both the somewhat more extreme parts of both the right and left wing of politics . 
  just recently , i saw some pictures of left-wing protesters ( ca n't remember what it was about , some generic stop -- racist-evil-west-imperialism thing ) with signs accusing the west of setting up nazi rule in ukraine and causing the war with russia . 
  and anyone who has paid attention has noticed the way a lot of right-wing people talk about putin as a `` strong man '' who is standing up to `` sjws '' or `` weak pussies '' or something like that . 
  a lot of nationalist parties , like fn and ukip , have suspicious ties to russia . 
  however , i agree with corbyn on some level : i think nato should be disbanded , if and only if it can immediately be replaced by an eu army or at least a clear , legally binding european military alliance of some sort . 
  if eu pools its resources together , russia stands no chance even if usa does not interfere . 
  yes , probably for the most part , although in part the rates also do indeed have to do with migrants , who are so overrepresented that the swedish police and media have had to actively censor it . 
  so far . 
  i hear we are getting one in boxing . 
  but yes , finland 's performance over the past decade or two has n't been as good . 
  per capita , finland is # 1 but that is due to lots of medals some decades ago . 
  i have some confidence in putin in the sense that i believe he is not insane or ignorant . 
  he is a ruthless politican but he is not a fanatic . 
  i fear that his replacement could be an ideologie , an extreme nationalist or something , which could be very dangerous . 
  it has been said that if the eu countries competed as a single team in any sports , they would win every time , but no one would cheer for them . 
  i might be misunderstanding something , but surely only one team , regardless of how many a country could send , can win the gold medal in a specific olympic game ? 
  i get the thing about total medals , but this does n't affect gold medals , does it ? 
  they could win 3 medals in total , but surely they could win only one gold medal ? 
  the eu appears to be far ahead when it comes to gold medals ? 
  i did n't say that it was okay for wikileaks to release private information of innocent people . 
  i would say that it is a justifiable `` collateral damage '' for some private information of innocent people to be leaked , if it is the only way to leak very important information about unethical or outright illegal practices by others . 
  what wikileaks should do is focus more on the facts , the real contents of the leaks , and try to minimise any sort of collateral damage , and refrain from unfounded speculation or `` hints '' like assange is constantly doing , which makes them just seem like insane or igorant conspiracy theorists . 
  here is my opinion on wikileaks : they are wrong often . 
  they are just another voice saying things , and some , maybe even majority , of those things are wrong or never amount to anything . 
  right now they are under attack by people who think their ( justified ) attacks on hillary mean that they want a trump presidency . 
  the importance of wikileaks is not in their statements but in their leaks . 
  if they can leak truly scandalous and important documents , material that proves anything from corruption to human rights abuses , then they can be very valuable . 
  in reference to this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4wwy08/the_most_beautiful_thing_i_have_ever_heard/, 
  some positive sides i can think of : being in the eu provides a young european better chances of finding suitable education and jobs , and life in general , anywhere in the eu . 
  most will stay in their home country , but it is always good to have the opportunity . 
  without the eu , it would still be possible , but it would likely be much harder . 
  of course , the eu also makes business among member countries far easier , which allows you access to more products and drives prices down through competition , gives you access to a larger market if you wish to start your own business , and other benefits . 
  the eu can be very useful when it comes to various agreements that are really only effective if applied widely , and various situations which could otherwise lead to a prisoners ' dilemma situation . 
  climate change is a good example of this sort of thing . 
  the eu has some of the world 's most ambitious climate change goals . 
  usa and china are far behind . 
  same goes for much of environmental protection and human rights : despite its apparent neoliberalism , the eu has been surprisingly good when it comes to that sort of things . 
  beyond the environment , there are various regulations , including customer rights and protection , safety of products , workers ' rights , which would likely be much harder to implement if not for the eu . 
  for a young person , preventing climate change and environmental destruction should be among the top priorities . 
  the eu has arguably also prevented another european war at least among eu countries . 
  the eu provides eu countries a place for constant , regular , routine discussion and debate and general civil diplomacy with every other member as a part of a whole continent , which is vital for peaceful relations . 
  without the eu , we could have countries just for example occasionally discuss things with a couple of closest neigbours . 
  potentially , if the eu was given more powers and the member states were more willing to compromise , the eu could work to significantly improve things like security in member states , protecting its borders , protecting members from invasion by a hostile state ( no need to dance around it , it is russia . 
  protection from russia . ), 
  and other things i do n't realize right now . 
  now , the negatives . 
  being a part of the eu means that there will be integration , that the direct powers of your own national government will be somewhat smaller . 
  the eu principle of subsidiarity means that even in the case of a federation , most of the decisions affecting you would still be done at the most local level possible , but a lot of important decisions would also be given to the eu government .
