  of course not . 
  but it is also true that there used to be no jungle , and there is no reason why france could n't have gotten better in the ways it has , without having to also get a jungle . 
  population 319 . 
  and a castle large enough to house everyone , it seems . 
  investments into infrastructure are almost always 100 % worth it , and with climate change and resource shortages looming , investing in energy infrastructure is not only a great idea , but a vital necessity . 
  immigration and city planning policy have to therefore be compatible . 
  one ca n't have an open door policy and then just push all the immigrants into poor , underdeveloped areas with no opportunities . 
  it is bad for the immigrants and bad for the host country . 
  it is indeed a bit too strong of a term . 
  there are areas in sweden that fall somewhere in the middle between a no-go zone and a normal area . 
  the point remains however , that these zones exist , mostly did not exist before unwise immigration policies , and are probably going to get worse by time . 
  there are no no-go zones , because they are not called no-go zones but instead something euphemistic like economically challanged areas . 
  now you have gone too far !, 
  finland left out ... which may , in fact , be exactly the way to annoy finns . 
  nothing gets public support for a cause faster than looting nearby businesses that have nothing to do with the cause and may in fact be owned by the people or community who are the victims . 
  seriously though , seems to be yet another move by belarus signaling a shift in allegiances more towards west . 
  online polls are indeed garbage most of the time . 
  online polls generally reach only a certain audience , and it is easy for anyone to brigade them . 
  it would be interesting to have a proper , well-controlled study with unambigious questions about what europeans really think about muslims and what muslims in europe believe . 
  ( legal ) immigrants and refugees are different subjects and therefore must be considered from different viewpoints . 
  for example , on immigrants there should always be an expectation that they are good for the host country . 
  immigration policy is about seeking benefit for the country . 
  refugees do n't necessarily have the same expectation on them , and taking in refugees is charity , not an economic policy seeking benefit . 
  whether european countries should actually take in refugees instead of for example establishing and funding refugee camps in countries near the conflict zone is yet another subject to discuss . 
  ( in general , i would say that it makes far more sense to help people directly where they are , instead of taking them in and paying the integration costs and societal instability that comes with having refugees ), 
  even if what you say were true , with them the costs vs. benefits is far better trade for the host country than with poor muslims . 
  you can calculate the probabilities for it . 
  1000 is not perfect , but it is fairly representative , assuming you do n't pick all of them from some small subset of people in the country . 
  it is n't that complicated , really . 
  issues with religious freedom aside ( is it okay to exclude immigration from certain countries because of the majority religion in those countries ? 
  strictly speaking almost certainly not , if we are to hold freedom of religion as a cornerstone principle ) , there is absolutely no need for muslim immigrants in europe . 
  not very many muslim immigrants are highly educated , and for low-skill labour , it is far cheaper , efficient , and politically and societally sustainable for richer european countries to bring in workers from countries with much more compatible cultures , such eastern european countries . 
  it simply makes no sense whatsoever to take in muslim immigrants . 
  refugees are of course a different subject , because they are not taken in because they are expected to be beneficial to the host country , but because they are considered to be in distress and it is considered basic human deceny to help them . 
  immigration policy must be driven by the needs of the host country , and thus seek the benefit of the host country . 
  it is obvious that taking in immigrants from majority-muslim countries is almost never the beneficial policy when there are better alternatives . 
  beyond oil , i have no idea why any western country would want to have anything to do with saudi arabia . 
  some countries being allies with them is a shameful stain on their respectability and screams hypocrisy . 
  eu has had climate leadership for decades . 
  everyone else is only catching up , although i am very glad that they are . 
  made me cringe every time i read about obama boasting about usa taking climate leadership by some minor action or minor promise of emissions cuts , when the eu has been doing far more for ages . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  eu should definitely interfere in whatever way it can in situations like this . 
  i do n't know why anyone except a corrupt politician would object to the eu telling a member state that a law that effectively legalises corruption must be overturned , or it will face sanctions or other punishment within the powers of the eu . 
  i can see why this would be massively unpopular when it comes to something more controversial , such as migrants and refugees . 
  but with corruption , no one who is not corrupt themselves ought to have any objections . 
  i upvoted both you and op , because i like both of you and think you 're both partially right . 
  i still will not believe it until i see it . 
  although i am almost certainly going to be wrong ( uk ca n't afford to not leave , it would be an astounding loss of face to cancel brexit ) i predicted back in the week after the vote that if uk did n't invoke a50 on the next tuesday , they would never do it . 
  and i will stand by that prediction until the end . 
  what i meant is people who both want a referendum and want independence . 
  80 % want a referendum . 
  from what i have seen , less than half of those say they would want to have the referndum would actually vote yes . 
  there is no point in holding a referendum if it is clear that the `` yes '' vote does not stand a chance of passing anyway . 
  the spanish government will feel no pressure as long as the share of population wanting to vote yes , not just wanting to vote , is too small . 
  being in favour of a referendum is not the same as being in favour of voting yes in the referendum . 
  for obvious reasons , most people who would vote no are not actively campaigning for a referendum , even if they say that they would be in favour of having one to settle the issue . 
  if there was a clear and vocal majority demanding a referendum to gain indpendence , then the spanish government would have a harder time ignoring it . 
  european federation , federation of european states , something along those lines . 
  european union is fine too , although i feel like eu is kind of clumsy to say in many languages . 
  something like fes or other three-letter easily said word would be preferrable . 
  one has to be careful with not having the letters be something like wtf , though . 
  verhofstadt truly is a hard federalist . 
  even juncker has already stated that he does n't think anymore that a `` use '' is realistic , but verhofstadt will never give up on his dream . 
  i hate saying this , but i feel like there is some serious ... political correctness going on in badhistory . 
  west is always bad or overrepresented , and everyone else is always misunderstood . 
  for example , a thread regarding slavery had a lot of people basically defending slavery in the islamic world ( ottomans etc. ), 
  because it was not as bad as the atlantic slave trade . 
  ask them about the treaty of versailles and you 'll hear all about how evil germany is , too . 
  spain is a democratic country , unlike the former swedish empire or russia . 
  scotland managed to get a referendum , even though scotland 's population is far smaller than that of the rest of uk . 
  is the spanish government fundamentally different from that of the uk government ? 
  presumably , if enough support can be found within spain , the spanish government will either have to admit that they do n't actually believe in democracy and the right to self-determination for all peoples ( in which case an unilateral independence referendum will be justified ) or they will have to recognise an official referendum on the matter . 
  but as far as i can see , there is n't enough support even in catalonia itself for a referendum to pass . 
  not to offend anyone , but i will not support catalonian independence and i would not want any european country to support it , unless the referendum on independence was officially recognised and given lawful power by spain . 
  recognising any other sort of referendum would be very messy and give undue legitimacy to other `` referendums '' like those in crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  anyone not washing their hands with soap and water is disgusting and should be ashamed of themselves . 
  no exceptions . 
  none . 
  banning and actually ending it are different things . 
  not sure if there is a significant black market for tobacoo in bhutan and turkmenistan , but i would assume so . 
  wikileaks has already lost all of its credibility . 
  a source reporting to cilinton on what unknown sources reported to the source is not exactly a reliable source . 
  as far as i can see , only a bunch of conspiracy sites have taken these emails seriously . 
  either one of the greatest political scandals has been succesfully hidden from the public , or this report is nonsense . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_libya_under_muammar_gaddafi some reading . 
  anyway , it is n't like the west spontaneously decided to kill him . 
  action was taken after the arab spring happened , after a civil war had already broken out . 
  however , the motivations for getting rid of him had almost certainly more to do with economic and political aims , not any sort of noble cause to get rid of a tyrant . 
  have you read what he said ? 
  like his proposed plan to divide switzerland between the neighbouring countries that was posted here some time ago ? 
  he kept the lid on libya , but he was still an insane authoritan leader . 
  if you listen to certain people , the whole greece thing is apparently a heinous deliberate act of capitalist enslavement by the eu on the poor innocent greek workers , and has nothing whatsoever to do with the abysmal incompetence of their government , tax evasion , and corruption . 
  to be clear , i do n't think the eu is entirely innocent , but the majority of the blame clearly ought to go to greece , its government , and the people who evaded taxes and evidently elected such an corruputed and/or incompetent government . 
  i think there are two problems that people see in the eu : the anti-eu side of the left wing people think that it is on the path to or has already reached late-stage capitalism , and thus has become a vehicle for the rich elite instead of a project for peace and prosperity . 
  as far as i can see , the eu has a ( relative to others , like usa or china ) a very good record when it comes to trying to protect the environment and workers from the ills of capitalism . 
  however , you only need to look at greece and their struggles , for which the blame is ( partially justifiedly ) placed on the eu . 
  what can the eu do ? 
  try to rein in the banks and excesses of corporate power somehow would be my best guess . 
  meanwhile , the anti-eu side of the right wing is mostly upset about immigration and the anti-nationalist stances of the eu .
