it is bad for many reasons , for example , because people will spend less because they wait for more deflation to happen , which will slow down the economy . 
  what is the lifespan of usa ? 
  i have n't followed the comments that much , but what hive mind do you refer to , and on what subject ? 
  get them back to being the good canadians they are known as from the awful harper-path , and i 'd welcome them as a close partner if not as an actual member of eu/eea . 
  because generalization is easy and saves mental effort . 
  it is also understandable that eu can cause some confusion as people mistake the union for a country . 
  mind you , i do n't think the europe is a country - thing is really that common , or people misunderstand when someone says something that could imply that they think of europe as a single large country . 
  i cringed a bit when i saw it . 
  if it had indeed been `` brace yourself - high-speed internet is coming '' it would 've been pretty good . 
  you are probably right . 
  i guess the national petition will have to do . 
  edit : / u/ponimaa points out that apparently eu has in fact made some decisions regarding dst . 
  here are some articles on the matter : http://www.latimes.com/health/la-he-daylight-savings-20140308,0,4528883.story#axzz2xzvqndrn http://www.businessinsider.com/economic-and-health-effects-of-daylight-saving-time-2014-3 http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2014/03/06/daylight-saving-time-at-what-cost/the-economic-toll-of-daylight-saving-time, 
  the argument is that in most cases , people do not or can not go to sleep earlier , and their bodies can not adapt without consequences to the change in time . 
  this directly results in significant reductions and negative health effects during the next day , and the effect of this is likely much higher than the benefits of daylight savings . 
  i have not created a petition yet ( if someone else wants to do it , please do ) . 
  i am unsure if the petition fulfills the criteria of a citizens ' initiative . 
  i need to look into the matter more . 
  it could be that the petition would have to be done individually in each country due to commission not having the necessary powers . 
  edit : i sent an email to the europe direct asking about whether eu has the necessary powers to potentially enact the matter if a petition is created . 
  shale can be useful , but it is just absolutely ridiculous to think that it could have an even remotely similiar effect in europe as it has had in usa . 
  indeed . 
  einaudi has a lot of somewhat easy but great pieces . 
  nuvole bianche was one of the first pieces that i learned to play on the piano and it is still one of my favourites . 
   we were close already . 
  where and when ? 
   the thing is , we know climate change . 
  we know what we can do about it and we are doing it . 
  but we do n't know what to do when shit goes downhill . 
  when there is an accident , there will be hundred thousand up to millions of deaths , and there would be nothing we can do about it . 
  do you know how many people died in fukushima due to radiation ? 
  zero . 
  not a single person died due to the radiation . 
  yet fukushima was essentially the worst possible scenario that could happen . 
  at best , a couple of hundred people will die in the following decades due to increased cancer incidence . 
  most of the people who died in fukushima died in the panic and evacuation afterwards . 
  yet even that number is only in the thousands . 
  according to who , only around 4000 people died in chernobyl . 
  the more significant things are the clean-up costs , not the deaths : decommission and clean-up of fukushima is estimated to be around 100 billion usd . 
  i do n't know where you have heard such fear mongering , but i can assure you , severe accidents are virtually impossible in german nuclear plants , and unless someone goes blow up a nuclear bomb inside the reactor or something like that , nothing that is even 1/100th of chernobyl can happen . 
  meanwhile , in europe alone , 22 000 people die prematurely every year due to pollution from coal plants . 
  the deaths from climate change will be even higher . 
  it is of course ultimately the choice of the german people . 
  if they want to not have nuclear energy , then democracy says that there will be no nuclear energy in germany . 
  in that case the german people must understand that this will mean that germany has to be prepared to pay the likely high prices of using renewable energy to replace not only fossil fuel energy , but also nuclear energy . 
  this is great news . 
  better and larger grids ( and much more energy storage ) are needed to deal with the intermittency of renewables . 
  as an off-topic side note : i feel like / u/igelkotten below is being downvoted despite making mostly constructive comments . 
  remember reddit etiquette : do not downvote just because you disagree . 
  i must disagree . 
  first of all , it is simply physically impossible for the nuclear plants to have such accidents anymore . 
  yes , there can be severe accidents , but they are very unlikely , and things like fukushima and chernobyl are impossible . 
  it might be that new nuclear plants are not affordable ( although i doubt it ) . 
  but that is no excuse to shut down existing nuclear plants that have not reached their expected lifetime . 
  shutting down the existing plants is an environmentally and economically stupid move , done because of ungrounded fears . 
  the waste is a problem , but there are ways to deal with it , and burying it is n't really a huge problem . 
  humans bury toxic materials all the time , and there are no safer storages than those for nuclear waste . 
  the thing is , it is , in my opinion , extremely stupid to dismiss nuclear energy because of fears of nuclear disaster , while the world is trying to tackle the much larger and more grounded crisis of climate change . 
  nuclear energy and renewable energy must work together to replace fossil fuels . 
  i love renewables . 
  germany 's commitment to them gladdens me every day . 
  but because of the nuclear plants shutting down , all that renewable energy has little positive impact on the environment . 
  the bottom line is , nuclear energy is not as dangerous as people think it is , and it should not be lightly dismissed in the fight against climate change . 
  fair enough . 
  as a side note , there is a ( joke ? ), 
  thing about sweden wanting for finland to return and rejoin sweden . 
  i am , curiously enough , not too opposed to the whole idea , although i doubt it could ever happen . 
  also , swedes , please stop looking down on us . 
  we are not a third world country . 
  for example , our gdp per capita has been only slightly lower than yours for decades , and was even briefly higher in 1990 . 
  swedes are nordic brothers . 
  we were once a part of their country . 
  they could be seen on one hand as invadors and oppressors . 
  one could say that they did drag us out from the forests and into the civilized world , though . 
  they share a lot of history with us , and much of their politics is shaped similarly as ours , as are those of other nordic countries . 
  welfare , free healthcare , free education etc. 
  i have a very positive view on sweden and other nordic countries , but there are a lot of finns who more or less seriously dislike or resent swedes due to their arrogance towards us . 
  from what i know , a lot of swedes see finland as some kind of backwards lost colony filled with drunkards . 
  that is n't exactly good for enhancing the opinions that finns have about sweden . 
  most of what children learn in school about sweden comes from history lessons . 
  the various wars that sweden ( and thus also finland ) had , clashes about the crown , finland 's role as a ( often underappreciated ) province , to name a few . 
  we are also taught about sweden 's role in wwii , and nordic cooperation and the adoption of the `` nordic model '' by sweden and slightly later finland and others . 
  in general , the picture that school left me of sweden is that they are like finland , except slightly richer ( thanks to their natural resources and general not-having-to-be-a-colony and not-having-to-fight-ussr ) , fortunate , and with more awesome mountains and rivers ( for hydropower ) . 
  the culture is similiar , but less melancholical and less `` honest '' ( ie . 
  `` say what you really want to say '' ) than that of finland . 
  hehe . 
  there is literally a finnish saying/phrase , `` aina h\u00e4vi\u00e4\u00e4 '' , which translates to simply '' [ you ] always lose '', 
  there is no clean victory in energy . 
  someone or something always loses . 
  it is best to choose the scenario where less is lost . 
  too ambitious , if other countries do n't agree to similiar cuts . 
  not ambitious enough , if they do . 
  someone should show them this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9yovuequge making fishing sustainable is important , but limits on fish size may be counterproductive . 
  it is a good idea , and from what i know , most people agree that it is a good idea , but politicans have no will to make it happen . 
  and it is hard to agree on the exact specifics of it , and those specifics will never be agreed on without the idea gaining ground in the media , public discussion , and in political parties etc. 
  i think that the explanation for why finns are like that is this : a large part of the culture is built on the notion that you should avoid bothering other people , even if they do n't mind being bothered . 
  but do n't be afraid to ask finns for help if you need it . 
  in my opinion , if someone is willing to invest enough social energy to talk to a stranger , they deserve to get something in return for using that energy . 
  i sometimes even enjoy talking to strangers . 
  but that might be just me .
