  i do n't get it . 
  it is water . 
  bottles of water . 
  are they really worth stealing ? 
  where is the dignity of these people ? 
  does `` pica '' mean something ? 
  basically , by being an upstanding citizen . 
  by working towards bettering myself and my nation , by educating myself , by following politics and voting , being civilized and so on . 
  it saddens me that usually the most vocal and visible `` patriots '' are the `` suomi finland perkele ! '', 
  kind , who are also often drunk and rowdy idiots with little education , who do n't understand anything about politics , and in general are people that you would n't exactly call upstanding citizens . 
  they appear to have no will to strive for greatness , but instead live in the imaginary greatness given by them by finland 's past successes and the success generated by people they had nothing to do with . 
  by my view , even something as mundane as smoking can be seen as unpatriotic . 
  you 're actively worsening your health and the health of the people around you , and wasting valuable resources - in short , you 're literally worsening yourself and the nation . 
  another mundane thing that really makes my blood boil is littering . 
  my personal take on nationalism is built deeply into the notion that you respect and improve your nation best by being the best possible member of the nation you can be . 
  i used to be very critical of nationalism , but i have somewhat changed my mind by time . 
  in essence , i would say that nationalism is a good thing , because it can make people work together for the good of the nation . 
  it gives people a heritage , some sort of `` roots '' , real or imaginary , to work from and to work for . 
  a lot of people these days feel like they do n't belong , and completely shunning nationalism as something people could extract a sense of belonging from would be ridiculous . 
  but nationalism can also be dangerous , if it leads to believing that your nation is not only superior , but that all other nations are inferior . 
  nationalism can blind you to the problems of your country or be used as justification for hatred and atrocities against other nations . 
  essentially , i think nationalism can be a good thing , if it is `` i am proud of my country , and my people , who worked hard to make this country better , and will continue to strive to make my country proud of me '' - style nationalism , i do n't mind it at all . 
  but if it is `` my country and nation is the greatest and can do no wrong , i am great because my country is great , all other nations are inferior or evil . '', 
  - style nationalism , it can be very dangerous . 
  there is a difference between wanting to improve yourself and your nation because you are proud of them , and being proud of yourself because you happen belong to a nation that you see as great . 
  nationalism ought to be about the nation being great because of you and your nation and your forefathers striving to make it great , and wanting to continue to strive to do so , and not about you being great because your nation is supposedly great . 
  where exactly has he said that ? 
  i am wondering where this circlejerks started . 
  i know that the pm of canada used `` it 's 2015 '' as the reason for his `` gender-equal '' cabinet . 
  why is this man called the magnificient anyway ? 
  watching the series , he seems to be a cruel , paranoid idiot who barely does anything compared to the resources he has . 
  it is all so meta . 
  even your most is very meta , pointing out the hypocrisy of someone pointing out the hypocrisy , and i suppose my post pointing out the metaness of your post is also somewhat meta . 
  for example , he is constantly talking about income and wealth inequality , which are not exactly right-wing talking points . 
  i ca n't think of a single right-wing talking point by him . 
  you can maybe argue he would not be left-wing in finland , but i do n't see a shred of evidence for him being right-wing , so has to be either left-wing or centre . 
  he would n't be particularly radical , but he would definitely be left-wing . 
  he would make a good candidate not because he has exceptional ideas , but because he is simply a honest person . 
  i am not saying he would be exceptional , but he would definitely be someone i could see myself voting for . 
  there 's enough `` circlejerk '' about him around , but i 'd certainly vote for a man like bernie sanders if he was a candidate in elections in finland, 
  this is probably an unpopular opinion , but i would welcome turkey into the eu , if it reached the standards required : real democracy , stable and developed economy , no human rights violations and so on . 
  the denial of the armenian genocide alone means that i do n't see turkey being eligible to join in the foreseeable future , however . 
  approving of bribery and corruption of any sort is why some countries fail and others succeed . 
  it starts with the little things . 
  `` even he knows exams are bs '' . 
  yeah , and everyone knows that taxes are bs too , so let 's not pay them . 
  destination : greece . 
   but the police and the defense minister also said at the time that they exchanged thousands of munitions with the terrorists . 
  well actually the terrorists only fired 10 times : the thousands of munitions were exchanged between swat teams . 
  how does this happen ? 
  in his speech at the opening of the parliament , niinist\u00f6 talked about various problems facing finland . 
  one of the main points of his speech concerned the unsustainability of current migration trends . 
   we must now take stock of where we are headed . 
  the objective is to strike a balance which , when viewed from all angles , would be at least satisfactory , since this is the best we can do right now . 
   first of all , we must safeguard our foundation of european values -- there should be no confusion about this . 
  secondly , we must help those who are in distress or being persecuted . 
  at the moment , however , we can not help those who are merely seeking a better life or feel that their circumstances and future are difficult in their home countries . 
  the tide is turning . 
  everyone is starting to get pissed , eu leaders are calling for the need for control before spring etc. 
  unlike problems like the greek crisis , the refugee crisis can be fixed without a taking a very long time , requiring a lot of hardship or even a fraction of the money that the greek crisis has taken . 
  all that is truly needed is a realistic , even harsh policy that is properly enforced . 
  if the eu or its member countries ca n't manage that , then frankly we might as well give up now and let the west collapse like all the civilisations before it , because clearly we are too incompetent to deserve to exist . 
  surely even the most anti-eu brits must realize that holding the referendum now is n't a good idea . 
  there is a lot of emotion on the move , and people will vote solely based on the fear of an influx of migrants , and fail to consider the actual economic and political nuances of the issue . 
  of course , you ca n't postpone it indefinitely , and if the refugee crisis appears to continue indefinitely then i think even the most pro-eu brits would really have a reason to want out of eu . 
  here 's the thing : although iran is still essentially a dictatorship , it is still one of the most developed and progressive nations in the middle east . 
  trading with iran is , in my opinion , no more wrong than trading with china , and i rarely see people raise concerns about trading with china these days . 
  fixed . 
  this was a surprisingly good google translate . 
  my opinion is rather neutral . 
  usa is a major contributor to research , space exploration , and entertainment culture ( movies , music etc. ) . 
  that is a very good thing , and i am always delighted to hear about the newest nasa projects or breakthroughs at some research institute in usa . 
  usa is also a major power when it comes to the world economy , although it is hard for me to see how much that affects my life . 
  american military power after wwii ( usa being the only major country that had lost no infrastructure in the war and had a more or less intact army ) is very likely what kept most of western europe from falling under soviet rule , which would likely have had devastating effects . 
  between russian and american hegemony over the world , i would pick american every time . 
  that is the positive stuff . 
  now , for the negative . 
  this is a long list , and a lot of countries have the same faults , but these faults seem stronger in usa than in any other country in the world , probably because american culture is much more visible to the rest of the world thanks to them being english-speaking and having a very large population . 
  americans are overly nationalistic and arrogant and stubborn when it comes to their country and its achievements . 
  they regularly claim the glory for achievements that they had no part in , or exaggerate their part in something . 
  a lot of americans , for example , appear to think that the internet was single-handedly created by usa , that cars and computers are american inventions , forget the contribution of ussr and uk when it comes to wwii , and so on . 
  you can see this also in americans that regularly claim completely seriously that usa is objectively `` the best country in the world '' . 
  americans regularly talk about american freedom ( although i guess it has often gained an ironic tone on the internet ) as if other countries did not have freedom . 
  americans talk of themselves , or specifically the potus as `` the leader of the free world '' . 
  the lack of positive freedoms guaranteed by the state in usa means that a major part of americans are likely less free than many of their counterparts in other developed countries . 
  american view on their military is frankly ridiculous . 
  `` thank you for your service '' - nonsense , fighting for `` democracy '' and `` american freedom '' on the other side of the planet ( while they themselves wo n't bother crossing the street to vote ) , glorification of the military , and talk about how `` usa could conquer the world if it wanted '' ( bullshit ) and talk about how europe would be overrun by russia if not for usa ( which has not been true in any way for decades ) . 
  vigilante and violence culture . 
  i think a lot of the dysfunctional gun culture in usa is based on a vigilante fetish and a misguided dream of being a gunslinger hero , like on might see in the movies . 
  they almost wish for their home to be invaded , so they could `` heroically '' take out their gun and shoot the `` bad guys '' and `` protect their family '' . 
  there is also an unfounded notion that gun owners could somehow overthrow a tyrannical government or a foreign invader . 
  ( essentially , this is wrong , because if the government was tyrannical but still somehow had the military behind it , it would have drones , attack helicopters , tanks , missiles etc. , and if the military was against , then you would n't need the gun owners . 
  and a foreign invader that would have already defeated the military would just bomb them to submission ) and finally and perhaps most worryingly , american crony capitalism , that stretches its disgusting hand all over the world , at worst creating coups to protect the interests of american billionaires , and tries to export its `` trickle-down economics '' and other nonsense around the world . 
  it also has so far prevented usa from taking action on climate change and has ties to a lot of other negative things , such as american car culture over public transportation . 
  oh , and creationism and to some extent climate denial . 
  usa is one of the few places where they still hold strong sway . 
  some of these things are mostly just minor annoyances , which is why the negatives do n't overshadow the real positive achievements of usa in my mind . 
  if i was upper class , i think i would gladly live in usa , but even then i doubt i would feel a strong need to move there . 
  nuclear energy can play an important role in future energy production and shutting down safe , functional nuclear reactors is an idiotic idea . 
  however , conventional nuclear energy simply ca n't be scaled up in the way that a lot of nuclear advocates think it can .
