  usa has been a very important , possibly the most important innovator during those time periods , but not single-handedly-invented-everything important . 
  we do n't need a ` heroes of europe '' because virtually all heroes are european anyway ( / s ), 
  this comic is heretical . 
  circle-tool ? 
  you disgust me . 
  ah , well , it is hard to radicalise muslims when there are no muslims around in the first place . 
  no country is safe . 
  isis is n't fighting in self-defense . 
  they have repeatedly explained that they hate everyone who does not believe what they believe and will kill them for being infidels . 
  this is why they also kill so many muslims : because those muslims believe in islam in ` the wrong way ' . 
  it seems you are indeed [ correct ] ( https://www.loc.gov/law/help/apostasy/#pakistan ) at least according to a quick search i made . 
  however , as described in the link , blasphemy can carry the death penalty in pakistan and becoming an apostate is not very far from blasphemy . 
  very few christians believe that the old testament with all its god-approved genocide is how we should live our lives . 
  the old testament 's commands are mostly ignored , except for the 10 commandments . 
  not so for the koran , which is canonically an all-or-nothing deal to such an extent that the koran is to the letter the literal word of god , that god has a copy of it in heaven , and no koran that is not in arabic can be a true koran . 
  if you look at [ laws in muslim-majority countries ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/apostasy_laws_in_2013.svg ) , you can see that it is not a small minority of muslims who believe death penalty for apostasy . 
  i have talked about this with muslims online and looked at discussions they have had with others , and the consensus seems to be that indeed apostasy should be punishable by death , but try to squirm away form it by claiming that apostasy really means treason against islamic communities ( treason being vaguely defined , and i suspect would include anyone expressing their atheism in a way that might encourage others ) , or that `` death penalty for apostasy applies in only majority-muslim countries '' as if that made it okay . 
  regardless , most people are decent in general , and therefore muslims too are decent people in general . 
  it is just that they are decent despite their faith , not because of it . 
  in western countries , `` christian '' has become such a diluted concept that it only means that you vaguely think that jesus christ has saved you from sin . 
  you have to specify `` fundamentalist christian '' or a very specific sect of chrisitianity to even begin to try to find a unifying ideology . 
  and generally that ideology does not include particularly bad things , except for maybe creationism and controversial things like being anti-abortion . 
  you are right in that `` muslim '' and `` islam '' are too broad terms , and we should specify them more closely . 
  but the average muslim is closer in their belief to a fundamentalist christian than they are to an average western christian . 
  all muslims except for a small minority share the belief that the koran is the literal , perfect , eternal , unchangeable and final word of god . 
  and the koran says , for example , that apostasy must be punished by death . 
  muslims differ , but they also have a lot in common in terms of ideology . 
  if you do n't know the abbreviations , it can be hard to know which is which . 
  d for germany , e for spain etc. 
  executivemonkey is parody/satire . 
  i wo n't buy american , but that is mostly because being a student , i do n't really have much money to spend on anything but necessities which are mostly finnish . 
  on the other hand , i do use american products that are `` free '' , like reddit and facebook . 
  to be clear , i meant that trump makes us feel like it is true , not that it actually is . 
  obama was charismatic . 
  it was easy to forget what americans are actually like and what their government does when he was in power . 
  and for what it is worth , i do believe that obama geniunely did what he thought to be in the best interests of usa and to some extent the world as a whole . 
  but trump is a constant , daily reminder of what a ( near ) majority of american voters are like , and what their govenrment is like . 
  every day , he reminds us of all the ugly stereotypes we have of americans and their government , and every day he tells us that those stereotypes are 100 % true . 
  he will probably get re-elected quite comfortably . 
  as far as i know , he is rather popular , with generally moderate political views , and no one has had anything bad to say about him . 
  the president does not have as much power as they used to have , which means that the president generally is n't at the center of controversial policy , at least in the eyes of the media and the people , but instead acts more as a diplomat and a ceremonial head of state . 
  if i remember correctly , the president 's strongest domestic power is the ability to veto any law for 3 months , after which the law must go to a vote again in the parliament , but can then potentially be passed again and then be passed regardless of the veto . 
  ah , sargon `` muh german cars '' of akkad , commenting on the eu about which he knows * so much . 
  the commission ought to quietly accept that they have already lost this fight . 
  the migrants do n't want to go to anywhere except western europe , particularly germany . 
  eastern europe does n't want them and they do n't want eastern europe , and if forced to move there , they will return to western europe overnight , meaning either that the scheme is an utter failure , or that schengen needs to be abolished in which case the eu is a failure . 
  it makes no sense to provoke needless conflict within the eu . 
  focus on getting friendly relations with certain governments in mena so the migrants can be legally returned there . 
  i am sure the price of integrating migrants is far higher than paying a country to take them back . 
  less educated than migrants from mena ? 
  i am not particularly nationalist or anti-nationalist . 
  i am anti-immgration when it comes to immigration that may not in the short and especially the long run be in the interests of my country . 
  the large majority of migrants coming to europe from mena are never going to be a net benefit the host countries , due to them being poor and unskilled , and often lacking in language skills . 
  many are barely even literate . 
  demand for low-skilled labour is going to go continue to go down , and there will be no jobs for them . 
  in addition , they bring backwards cultural practices with them , combined with fundamentalist islamism . 
  shut down the migration , find a solution to the refugees that does not involve taking them as an uncontrolled unknown mass and doing a botched attempt integrating them , and i will gladly be pro-eu . 
  immigration is the only card that the far right parties have to play , and the only reason i would ever even consider voting for them . 
  take that card away , and they will collapse overnight . 
  the rest of the euroskeptics will slow down the european project , in some cases very justifiedly , but they wo n't take the eu down . 
  i wonder how well a pro-eu nationalist party would do , although that may be bit of an oxymoron . 
   coldest april and may to date , need more proof a single point of data from one place does not dataset make . 
  you need to look at the climate globally and with a timeline of at least 20 to 30 years . 
  there , you can see that 2016 was the warmest year since the records began , and possibly the warmest in thousands , tens or hundreds thousands , of years . 
  2017 has been less warm than 2016 , which is n't necessarily surprising given that 2016 was an extreme el nino year . 
  probably a joke about all the people who say they love europe , but hate the eu . 
  juncker is a funny man with lots of his own antics . 
  this is precisely why he should n't be the president of the commision . 
  the president does n't have to be a cold heartless bureaucrat , but they do have to be serious and not make jokes that are easily misinterpreted and used to fuel anti-eu sentiment . 
  i do n't think it is very likely that northern ireland will leave the uk join the rest of ireland , although brexit has raised the chances of that . 
  however , it is a real possibility , and therefore the eu should be prepared for the possibility of an united ireland happening and have legal agreements etc. 
  already in place for it . 
  why would europeans express solidarity with conservative , patriarchial islamic beliefs ? 
  a possible solution : ban all foreign funding for mosques . 
  have the state approve of all imams , and give special funding to imams who preach tolerant , peaceful , and in general pro-western values . 
  how should the west fight against islamists ? 
  sure , turning against muslims will lead more towards black vs. white views , but letting them be has also lead to extremism being preached in mosques , and into the creation of `` parallel societies '' where people live as if they were in a completely different country . 
  what you 're saying seems to imply that there is no way to win . 
  if muslims are not embraced , it plays into islamists ' hands by polarising relations with muslims . 
  but if they are not embraced so strongly that they get extremely well integrated and assimilated ( an almost impossible or at least extremely expensive feat given the number of immigrants and their level of education etc. ), 
  they will also get radicalised , along with other problems . 
  at this point , i do n't see why one would blame someone for saying , `` fine , let all muslims think us as enemies . 
  i do n't see how it affects us as long as we just close our borders to more of them and try to assimilate ( which will probably happen eventually given the flow of newcomers stopping ) or deport the ones we have . '', 
  it is perhaps simplistic , but i can see where the sentiment is coming from . 
  i think it is a fair question to ask , what can muslim immigrants provide us , that other immigrants without a potentially problematic religion ca n't ? 
  i see . 
  but unlike medical supplies , this has far less to do with economics , yes ? 
  does it cost uk something to share the findings of their intelligence with eu countries ? 
  they are not entirely comparable . 
  medical supplies are physical things subject to various regulations . 
  sharing intelligence is far easier ( eg . 
  sending something over the internet ) and not subject to any regulations that for example a trade agreement would include . 
  what i really think is happening is the world economy recovering in an unexpected way . 
  uk is doing better than expected because everyone is doing better than expected . 
  eu appears to be finally reaching proper recovery and is growing again . 
  even usa has , if i remember correctly , been seeing their economy improving despite some of trump 's counterproductive measures . 
  honestly , i do n't really like any of the candidates . 
  le pen is a russian puppet / useful idiot who would drive france and the eu to ruin by forcing through a french exit from the eu . 
  melenchon does n't understand economics and would crash france 's economy , and is also anti-eu . 
  macron seems like the best choice , and he would probably make a decent president , but he seems like yet another neoliberalist whose policies are going to continue to make the rich richer and the poor poorer , until the people turn to the extreme right or left .
