  - swabian dumplings filled with a mass made from meat , eggs , fresh parsley and for some recipes , spinach . 
  can be eaten swimming in broth , or cut into slices and pan fried with cheese and eggs , or pan fried as a whole , served with sauce and a topping of fried onions with a side of swabian potato salad ( dressing made out of oil , vinegar and broth ), 
  god 's gift to mankind . 
  see , i do n't believe in a hierarchy . 
  but it 's sad to see that apparently the promise of violence and hatred seems to weigh more than love and equality . 
  this whole election with all the name calling , dirt digging and lies spreading has been an incredible shit show and an embarrassment to watch . 
  and while i find trump to be a horrible choice for president , the fact that a majority of americans seems to believe in the `` values '' he perpetuates is even more horrible . 
  i think hauptschule 9 ( with an option for 10 , if it 's a werksrealschule and you do well in grades 5-9 ) , realschule 10 with an option for adding a fachabitur as you mentioned and gymnasium 12 ( a few left with 13 , i believe ), 
  but many will use their credit card differently than in the us . 
  not for actual credit . 
  i do n't know a single person who does n't settle their credit card debt every month to avoid credit charges . 
  i believe the austrians often write their last name before their first name which i find to be rather unique . 
  we are germans . 
  we speak german . 
  adjective is also german . 
  or at least it used to be last time i checked . 
  there 's a refugee center a few streets down . 
  i see them on the streets and in the supermarket . 
  that 's it . 
  no overtly negative or positive experiences . 
  my boyfriend did n't even know there was a refugee home there . 
  in the media , there have been both positive and negative portrayals - of refugees helping in crisis situations , returning found money , etc. 
  vs. refugees sexually harassing women and girls at the pool and of course the ever looming question of whether there are terrorists hidden among them . 
  25 , but my boyfriend who works in a different company has 30 . 
  also , people that work in my company but in a different state get more days because they have fewer public holidays in their state . 
  ( there are some religious ones that are only observed in certain states ) . 
  edited to clarify a few things, 
  depends on whether you live in a rural area or the city . 
  i grew up in a small village ( ~ 400 inhabitants ) , we had no shops or other businesses . 
  for school , we either took the bus or went there by bike . 
  for shopping etc. , people would mostly rely on cars . 
  but you could totally do it by bike or on foot . 
  the school bus was the only public transportation in my village . 
  the next village was only about 1 km away though and had a couple of bakeries ( we germans love bread ) , a butcher , 2 banks , a small supermarket , 2 kindergarten ( comparable to us preschool ) and an elementary school . 
  so most things you need in daily life . 
  most importantly , it has a train station and a couple of public bus lines connecting it to the bigger cities in the area . 
  many people commute to the bigger cities for work and many do it by train . 
  what 's different in german towns : they are made for walking and riding a bike . 
  we have sidewalks everywhere and street lights and pedestrian crossings . 
  that 's what surprised me the most in american villages : many did n't even seem to take pedestrians into account . 
  walking along those roads in the dark was not advisable . 
  now i live rather central in my state 's capital and i do n't own a car because i do n't need one . 
  we have trams and subways and buses that get me anywhere in the city . 
  if i need a car to transport something , there are plenty of options to rent one by the hour or for a few days or even for just a few minutes . 
  all the big cities in germany are connected by very fast , comfortable ( and reasonably punctual ) long distance train lines , nationally and internationally . 
  if i want to visit paris , it 's 4 hours by train , for example . 
  there are smaller trains connecting the countryside to the cities and usually buses leaving from the train stations to connect villages without train stops . 
  if you need to take public transport often , there 's usually ( always ? ), 
  an option to buy a monthly commuter ticket that is cheaper than buying one-way fares every day . 
  there 's even one that allows you to take any train in germany at any time . 
  so getting around without a car is possible and while many people use a car anyway , it 's bot strictly necessary to get around and more and more people get by without owning a car . 
  considering that the cars in your country drive on the wrong side of the road , waiting for the `` go '' signal is actually smart when visiting ireland . 
  at home , i 'd say the biggest hold-up is not wanting to be a bad example for little kids . 
  i jaywalk all the time , but if a little kid ( kindergarten/elementary school age ) happens to see it , i feel bad . 
  because they 're just learning their basic traffic rules and it has to be confusing for them to watch a grown-up break them . 
  uuugh . 
  i get a feeling why it did n't quite catch on anywhere else . 
  everything else i know, 
  that was the very first thing i was told when i mentioned to a friend that we planned to got yo amsterdam . 
  - `` make sure you stay out if the bike lanes , they 'll run you over . '', 
  i guess it very much depends on the cycle of friends . 
  i do n't kiss all of my friends , either . 
  some , i hug . 
  some i kiss . 
  for relatives , except my direct close family , we usually shake hands , though . 
  i like both the english and the scottish i 've met so far . 
  been both to england and scotland . 
  i believe a lot of the mix-up comes from this confusing situation : is it a country ? 
  not a country ? 
  why do they have one common government but their own football team in world cups ? 
  i watched a very comprehensive youtube clip on that once , but forgot again instantly . 
  am still unclear about all of it . 
  nah , i kiss a lot of people to say hi . 
  ` kiss ' as in touch cheeks left , right . 
  no actual lip-touching to anywhere . 
  only friends , though . 
  i 'm f , 30-something in stuttgart , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg never strangers . 
  we could totally let the bavarians form their own country then , it 's a win for everyone !, 
  just to add : often times , the couple celebrating will use the polterabend as a chance to celebrate with the people that they ca n't afford to invite to the actual wedding reception but still want to party with ( like their sports teams or other clubs ) . 
  nooooooo . 
  you obviously never had a good kartoffelsalat , poor baby . 
  oh , interesting . 
  i never knew . 
  what kind of job is that ? 
  physical labor ? 
  as you talk about work safety . 
  wait , what ? 
  never heard of that . 
  employers are required to let you take a break after a certain amount of work hours , but breaks are usually unpaid . 
  while i 've never been to india to compare , i 've tried plenty of indian food in different european countries and i can say that i 've had some of the best indian food of my life in the uk . 
  well , not even here in germany we can decide whether kartoffelsalat is supposed to be done with vinegar and broth ( southern style ) or mayonaise and pickles ( middle/northern germany ) . 
  hint : mayonaise kartoffelsalat is an abomination, 
  well , you do have really nice bicycles ... 
  even though we prefer those with more gears here in hilly southern germany . 
  edit to mention that i massively condemn turning them into weapons . 
  specialty burger restaurants are a huge thing right now . 
  where you 'll pay like 8 eur for a burger but it 'll be made from fresh meat and have all kinds of special stuff on it . 
  and i can think of like 2 or 3 restaurants that i 'd call american style but they are only local , no chains you 'll find in other places, 
  yes , absolutely do . 
  we have plenty of beautiful christmas markets .
