what feels funny for europeans ( me at least ) ist that in nyc , many ( all ? ), 
  taller houses have their water supply stored in those water tanks on the roof . 
  is n't that a possible source of contamination ? 
  i guess they get cleaned on the regular but it just feels ... off . 
  thank you , helperbot . 
  [ lake constance ( bodensee ) ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake_constance ), 
  i 'd say you missed a notable group of retirees who move to spain or italy or somewhere else where it 's nice and warm to live on their pension . 
  basically like us retirees move to florida . 
  til . 
  i always figured it would be the same in any country using latin letters . 
  it was n't until i was an au pair in the us that i noticed how my kids were learning a different kind of cursive than what i used to know . 
  i wish i could read s\u00fctterlin . 
  but it really feels like a completely unrelated language . 
  oh , you learned the simplified one ? 
  when and where was that ? 
  it does look easier to learn . 
  i remember struggling with the h especially , there were just so many flourishes and twists and turns to get right ... edit : i had to learn the classic latin one . 
  gave my answer above as response to the other german , but just wanted to add that this was a surprisingly interesting question , op . 
  thank you . 
  crazy `` z '' in some states ... 
  interesting , i was n't aware that ddr and brd also had differences in how the handwriting was taught . 
  this is the way we learned it in the mid-80s in my school in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg : [ lateinische ausgangsschrift ] ( https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ausgangsschrift#/media/datei%3alateinische_ausgangsschrift_1953_plain.svg ) as for op 's questions : 7 and 1 in germany look like you described . 
  edit : here some example in a written text ( printed in a book though ) [ `` lurchi '' children 's book ] ( https://imgur.com/gallery/qvevu ), 
  plenty of poems i do n't recall . 
  in english class : lord of the flies , educating rita , the great gatsby , animal farm, 
  i actually have no idea . 
  could be ... and i know that d\u00f6ner kebap was invented by turks living in germany in was/is not eaten like that in turkey . 
  i was merely trying to make a point that fast food is not what i think of when it comes to traditional german food . 
  sounds like you 've only been suggested fast food . 
  currywurst and d\u00f6ner ? 
  you 're right , that 's not traditional german food . 
  how about sp\u00e4tzle / k\u00e4ssp\u00e4tzle , maultaschen , braten mit sauce , semmelkn\u00f6del , schweinshaxn , potato salad ( the one with vinegar and oil , not mayonaise ) , brezeln , weisswurst ... 
  plenty of excellent stuff all around . 
  unless you 're a vegetarian . 
  then you should absolutely try k\u00e4ssp\u00e4tzle , though . 
  that means you 've never eaten any of real german or austrian food . 
  cheese fondue !, 
  so good !, 
  well , they did invent scones , that is a big plus !, 
  i like the swedish flag, 
  cologne is nice imho . 
  definitely check out the cathedral ( dom ) and if you 're into chocolate , maybe the chocolate museum ? 
  you could also add to the hundreds of padlocks that couples have locked onto the bridge across the rhine . 
  have a couple of k\u00f6lsch beers . 
  they come in tiny glasses and there are waiters that keep them coming unless you tell them to stop . 
  am i right to assume that most of those military grade weapons in private hands are actually military issued weapons ? 
  i have too little insight to comment on us/russian politics , i 'd like to see a source for your claim about the first amendment and i am all for regulating guns . 
  it happens to work quite well in a shitload of countries while the us in turn have an abundance of crazies running amok with their easily attainable military grade weapons that no one needs for any sane reason . 
  so , at what point does the mother 's life come into play ? 
  is it okay to abort if carrying the child will kill the mother ? 
  fact is : abortions happen . 
  abolishing abortions does n't safe babies , it kills mothers . 
  history and a look towards countries where it 's illegal show that if abortion is n't available in a safe and secure space , desperate women will turn to clothes hangers and poison to abort . 
  as for healthcare : so , you being in germay according to your flair , thus profiting from our excellent health care system , would rather opt out of it ? 
  would you rather pay every time you see a doctor ? 
  possibly having to decide whether to get the indistinct pain checked out or putting food on the table as it 's reality for many people without insurance ? 
  i 've met a guy who was self-employed and opted out of insurance . 
  he said he 's saving up and if he needs his appendix taken out , he 'll just pay in cash . 
  works for an appendix . 
  or a broken bone . 
  but what would happen if he got cancer and needed expensive treatment for years to survive ? 
  pro choice does n't mean against life . 
  it means giving a woman the choice . 
  my biggest problem with the republicans ? 
  they only tend to be interested in the live of a child as long as it 's still in the mother 's womb . 
  want to abort for whatever reason ? 
  hell to the no !, 
  need help supporting said child once it 's born ? 
  well , too bad . 
  got pregnant from rape ? 
  your abusive partner ? 
  because you only had abstinence only sex ed and did n't know about contraception ? 
  too bad , you 've got it , now you keep it . 
  oh , and btw . 
  do n't expect the state to support you in getting contraception afterwards . 
  try and keep your legs closed the next time . 
  baby wo n't survive a minute outside of your womb ? 
  tsk . 
  excuses , excuses . 
  you probably only decided that you 're not ready for this after carrying that child for 20 freaking weeks . 
  and about immigration : again , they only seem to see black and white . 
  automatisation will cost the us much more jobs than illegal immigration , but it 's always the immigrants who are the bad guys . 
  in reality , they usually do the jobs no one else wants to take . 
  as for healthcare : it still baffles me how universal hc seems to be seen as the first step into communism by the republicans . 
  health care is excessively expensive in the us , people with preexisting conditions are pretty much fucked except for obamacare which they 're trying hard to abolish and even those with insurance can only hope to never get really sick , because they would n't be the first ones to be kicked out after a couple of rounds of chemo because they are too expensive . 
  hands down democrat . 
  all this anti-abortion/gay/healthcare / immogration/anything reasonable bullshit the republicans are throwing around all the time is making me sick to my stomach . 
  fact . 
  still room for improvement . 
  lots of places in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ( home ) , some in bavaria ( m\u00fcnchen , alpen ) , berlin a couple of times , hamburg twice , nordsee once , k\u00f6ln twice , duisburg/essen once . 
  and a big blank spot in the eastern states . 
  been to leipzig once for work , did n't have the time to do anything , so i 'm not counting that . 
  it 's a no-no . 
  even if it 's technically legal . 
  i knew a guy who 's cousin had grown up in another country . 
  they met for the first time when she came to visit , fell madly in love but the cultural taboo was too strong , so they never acted upon it . 
  she went back home , both were heartbroken . 
  still , entering a relationship with a first cousin was never a real option for them . 
  i 'd have a hard time explaining how exactly , but there 's something about the word order in swabian german that will give it away , even if you were to pronounce every single word in perfect `` high german '' . 
  it 's tiny , but someone from another german region will pick up on it .
