  come to enjoy the scenery and eat good food , do some christmas ( souvenir ) shopping and drink plenty of mulled wine . 
  true for germany . 
  people might not like them or find them annoying , but fear usually is not a factor . 
  accidentally clicked send , before i was done , so i 'll continue here : parks : you 'll rarely find parks that are extremely polished and trimmed . 
  ( as in specially shaped trees or exact edges on hedges ) , but the grass usually is cut regularly . 
  maybe you just happened to be there right before they cut it . 
  other possible explanation : here in stuttgart , there are different kinds of lawn areas : those for lounging/picknicking/playing are usually kept nice and short . 
  but then there are others that are semi-natural , they 'll get mowed every once in a while but are n't meant to be used . 
  dogs are allowed on these but not on the ones i mentioned before . 
  and then ( but that might be only in stuttgart ) , there are lawns that are allowed to grow out because they 'll use them to feed the animals in the zoo next door once there 's enough of it . 
  but that is only in the one really huge park and only on the outskirts . 
  in general , we like parks to feel like nature . 
  so if they 're kept too neatly trimmed , that would take away from that feeling . 
  food : it 's all a matter of what you 're used to . 
  portions in the us are ridiculously huge to europeans . 
  no one can ( or should ) eat so much in one sitting . 
  german here . 
  fitting enough , most of your questions are those that europeans would ask the other way round when visiting the states for the first time . 
  - as many others have pointed out , our climate hardly warrants a complete coverage with a/c units . 
  newer buildings often times have them , older ones are rarely retrofitted with them . 
  if we do have them , we use them sparingly . 
  for one : they are a waste of energy and thus rather expensive . 
  having the inside of a building very much colder than the outside air ( as is often the case in the us ) is considered extremely unhealthy and annoying - nobody wants to bring a sweater to be able to enjoy a movie in a massively air conditioned theatre . 
  i 've also heard many people complain that a/c air will give them headaches as it 's so dry and unnatural . 
  so many europeans would rather tolerate a few hot days than these `` side effects '' . 
  not fixed , but a whole lot of it is still baffling to me . 
  the 2-party-system to start off with . 
  the preliminaries ( let 's have the candidates from one party battle each other until there 's only one left to pick up his/her remains and go into battle again against the one left from the other party ) the fact that ( especially in the gop ) there 's not much difference in what the candidates stand for . 
  there seems to be no moderate candidate to choose . 
  they all seem to hate equally on abortion , immigrants , lgbt-rights etc. 
  so basically to me it feels like no matter if you think abortion laws are fine the way they are , once you end up a candidate , you have to be against it . 
  and as a voter , if you basically like everything about one party exept one thing , you 'll be hard pressed to find a candidate to fit your beliefs , because they all toot into the same horn . 
  also : what 's with the state votes ? 
  might have been practical a few hundred years ago when communication was complicated in such a huge country . 
  but today ? 
  why do n't all the votes across the country get counted together and then determine the winner ? 
  that would feel a lot fairer . 
  and why is it apparently so complicated for some people to go and vote ? 
  why do you have to register up front ? 
  it 's your right as a citizen to vote , is n't it ? 
  here in germany , everyone above the legal voting age gets automatically sent a voter notification card and just shows up with his/her id and gets to vote . 
  ( side note : the fact that there is apparently no required official id for everyone in the states is even more puzzling to me ) so , no , i do n't think it 's fixed or at least i do n't have any informatiin that makes me think this , but confusing ? 
  edited for typos . 
  i find , americans have a very different relation to distance since everything is spaced out so much . 
  my us host family went for christmas eve dinner at a relative 's house and back the same night which was a 4 hour drive each way . 
  it was totally baffling to me . 
  here in germany , we would have at least stayed the night , if not a few days to even consider driving that distance for visiting family . 
  4 hours drive will take me through half of germany and into a couple of different countries from where i live . 
  also , what others have mentioned : smaller , less consuming cars . 
  city centers are made to be walked in , there are walkways , pedestrian crossings , the shops are closer together , we have very few drive throughs ( except for mcdonalds etc ) , parking space is often limited and expensive . 
  people are encouraged to park their cars on the outskirts and use the subway to go inside ( park and ride ) public transport is nearly everywhere , it might be very limited as to frequency in small villages , but it 's there . 
  i do n't even own a car ( living in the city center ) and very rarely have to rent one if i plan on some bigger travel . 
  i can visit most friends and family by public transport . 
  they might pick me up at the train station but i can cover most of the way by train/bus . 
  depends very much on what you want to do . 
  culture ? 
  there 's plenty all over the place . 
  castles , art , etc. 
  nature ? 
  try northern europe or hiking in the alps . 
  city travel ? 
  food ? 
  maybe visit cologne ? 
  http://wikitravel.org/en/cologne it 's more or less on the way , they 've got this awesome chathedral , at this time of year the christmas market at the foot of the cathedral might already be open . 
  cologne is also great to go out and party . 
  switzerland is south of paris . 
  you could go there , but it 's definitely a detour . 
  late to the party , but i 'll chime in anyway : breakfast : either fruit salad with plain yoghurt and muesli , or , if i do n't have that much time , a brezel with butter on the way to work or some quick cereal , - on the weekends , we like to go out for a breakfast buffet or at least have some eggs or pancakes at home . 
  lunch : i mostly try and have a salad , either store-bought or i bring in the vegetables and assemble them myself . 
  usually with cheese or meat and a bread roll so it 'll keep me satisfied until the evening . 
  if i 'm really hungry , i 'll have a small portion size of pasta or maybe a small burrito . 
  on weekends we often skip lunch due to a late breakfast and will have coffee and a nice piece of cake in the afternoon . 
  dinner : usually home cooked , during the week not too complicated , either some pasta with tomato sauce , thai vegetable curry ( with bough curry paste ) , sometimes fish ( out of the freezer , cooked in the oven ) and ( frozen ) vegetables with butter sauce , and sometimes we 'll have a cold `` vesper '' which is bread , cold cuts , cheese , maybe some raw vegetables . 
  on the weekend , we 'll either go out to a nice restaurant or tackle some more complicated or time-consuming home-cooking meals , like risotto , indian curries from scratch , oven-roasted meat , minestrone , ... 
  if you have n't found anyone yet , send me a pm . 
  no compensation necessary, 
  german here . 
  most germans will speak english well . 
  kids nowadays start learning it in first grade on a conversational basis and will learn grammar and such from 5th grade on ( maybe earlier , not sure ) . 
  so most germans under 50 or so will be able to talk to you if you ask them something in english . 
  it 's not like people will converse in english out on the street obviously , but most songs on the radio ( even many by german artists ) will be in english . 
  movies and tv programs are often from the us or uk but will generally be dubbed . 
  but , no small thanks to the internet , many people have noticed that there are quite a few perks to watching it in the original language - jokes usually lose massively in translation , new content is available earlier on the internet etc. 
  also , there 's just so much more content that never makes it into translation . 
  so either , you 're willing to miss out or you work on your english . 
  same goes for books - first of all , if you have an author that 's great in his/her original language , reading it in translation you 're dependent on the quality of the translator 's writing . 
  and sometimes , they 'll leave stuff out ( do n't know why ) or it 'll be written clumsily . 
  so i definitely prefer to watch and read english original content in english . 
  and i know many who do , too . 
  i 'd say it 's more common in people with college education . 
  many cinemas will show at least the big block busters in their original language . 
  but maybe just one showing , if you miss it , you 'll have to watch it in german . 
  and you can order most books also in english and even small book stores will have at least one shelf of english books . 
  so the possibilities are there and many use it . 
  but then , i 've known plenty of people who say , it 's too exhausting or too much of a hassle and they ca n't relax because they have to concentrate too hard on the language or miss half of it and will not bother . 
  edited for typos . 
  in addition to this you might want to check out some german christmas markets on the weekends to get into the spirit . 
  most of them will start at the last november weekend ( first advent sunday ) and while they might be crowded , it 's a great place to hang put , drink mulled wine ( gl\u00fchwein ) , maybe do some christmas shopping for the family back home . 
  check out these : http://www.wanderlust.co.uk/planatrip/inspire-me/lists/top-8-german-christmas-markets?page=all, 
  i might have been exaggerating slightly ...
