  looked it up somewhere , too . 
  that 's what it said . 
  but it did feel very small . 
  174 sounds a little more plausible . 
  3/4 of the us are pretty much empty ( rough guess ) ... no european would think that . 
  i guess it also varies between countries . 
  from my experience , in spain and italy , you 'll find on average smaller men then in northern europe . 
  ( not that we do n't have a share of small men , too , but they seem to have more . ), 
  so i guess , the women in these countries would deem other heights as average and thus again others as short or tall . 
  current statistical average size for men in germany is 178-180 cm , depending on which source you use , so close to the us with , in spain it 's 170 cm i 'd say that 's kind of what the `` sweet spot '' revolves around in these countries . 
  edit : switched to cm as measurements i just do n't get this feet/inches crap . 
  there are some schools that offer mainly english courses in germany . 
  like international business schools . 
  some might be private , thus costing a fee , but it might be worth looking into . 
  i believe the prejudice towards black people being thugs and gangsters is a lot higher in the us than in germany . 
  i 'd skip the little villages in eastern germany , but then , there 's nothing to see for a tourist anyway . 
  you 'll be fine in all the touristy places . 
  you 'll probably have to inquire directly at the company . 
  it 'll definitely be more expensive to drop it off in anther country , but in general , you are allowed to drive anywhere in europe age 18 and with a valid driver 's licens . 
  since your contract will be with the company in portugal , dropping off wo n't be a problem , even if that country only rented to people above 21 - it 's not like you 're making a new contract to drop it off . 
  the grass is always greener on the other side unless you 're willing to look at all aspects . 
  might actually be more of a linguistic thing . 
  we germans tend to be very direct when it comes to communication , especially in a working environment . 
  what we consider a perfectly polite although goal oriented email or talk is often times seen as rude or pushy by people from other countries . 
  learned that the hard way when communicating with the london office back as a junior exec . 
  for example , we 'll tell you `` i absolutely need this information by 11:30 the latest . '', 
  while i 've often seen english or americans dance around it as in `` it would be great if you could provide these informations around noon today , i know it 's short notice and i 'm sorry to hassle you like this ... '' this might be a little exaggerated , but that 's kind of like it is . 
  - see the problem ? 
  not sure how the communication style in slavic countries is , but that might be an explanation . 
  we also value correctness a lot and try really hard to get rid of any german accent we have , no matter what language we speak . 
  we often times do n't succeed , but it 's highly embarrassing to many if someone tells you how cute your german accent is . 
  in general , you 'll be fine in most of germany . 
  there might always be a racist asshole around somewhere but they are in the minority . 
  but !!!, 
  at least currently , you might want to skip eastern germany . 
  berlin will be fine , they have a big intercultural mix but in the surrounding states , racism is on the rise and if you look obviously `` foreign '' you might get in trouble there . 
  a friend of mine who 's asian planned to go to leipzig and was highly discouraged to do that by her travel agent . 
  i guess quite a few people would classify germans as most of these . 
  although we 're known to have no humor whatsoever . 
  same in germany . 
  he , as a person seems so incredibly ridiculous , laughable and horrible at the same time , that i find myself shocked to read that he actually has a serious chance to become the republican candidate . 
  full disclosure , i did n't watch the debate , i just read some the `` highlights '' , so i probably do n't have the full picture . 
  but then , what was spotlighted in these `` highlights '' gives me the feeling that america under conservative rule is rushing back towards the middle ages in regards to social security , women 's rights , basically equality in every way . 
  just one example : how can anyone of sane mind even consider voting for someone that clearly states that he is so totally against abortion that he would n't even consider allowing it if doctors clearly state that the mother 's life was at risk ? 
  what are they saying is pretty much : `` we have to protect the fetus , come what may , but the mother is expendable . '', 
  what the fuck is wrong with those people ?? 
  there are some spots , for example the berliner platz , where you 'll find plenty getting pissed and leaving the empty bottles behind . 
  but as it is - they 'll still do it , as you said , they just have to be more organized now . 
  maybe that 's something for job interviews later on : `` my strengths ? 
  i 'm very organized . 
  i regularly manage to get roaring drunk for days in a row despite the 10 pm alcohol limit . '', 
  the state of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg has a very strict no alcohol in shops past 10 pm-rule . 
  it 's enforced by the minute . 
  cash registers will just not accept the scanning of anything alcoholic past 10 pm . 
  it was meant to stop teenagers from getting alcohol and getting . 
  pissed on public places . 
  but they just plan ahead and buy more earlier . 
  while supermarket cashiers constantly have to explain to people that , yes , they 're obviously over 18 , no , she 's not being a bitch about it , yes , this rule has been in action for years , and yes , other states do n't have it and no !, 
  you ca n't buy this fucking beer , it just wo n't scan at that time of day . 
  go to a bar if it 's that important for you to have a beer . 
  i do n't remember the brand , and obviously , we 've finished them a loooong time ago so i ca n't look it up . 
  i only found a source on european recipes and we apparently have 2 . 
  might be that there 's another one for the us . 
  germany is often referred to as a christian country as the catholic and protestant churches are the main religions ( with islam coming in third ) and rules and regulations are loosely based on christianity . 
  also : if you are a member of the protestant or catholic church ( read : you were baptized for/by opne of these churches at some point in your live ) you have to pay church-tax . 
  which is automatically deducted from your earnings each month and finances those two religions . 
  you do have the option to leave church though and then do n't have to pay anything . 
  there are continuous discussions to abolish this because it favors those religions and it 's not timely anymore but it does n't lead anywhere . 
  religion is taught in school but not the way you would teach it in sunday school . 
  it has a strong focus on understanding the history . 
  it 's made clear that the bible needs to be seen in context with history and the way stories were passed on back then . 
  it is not taught to be god 's word that needs to be obeyed . 
  you also learn about other religions and discuss general ethic problems . 
  if you do n't want to attend religion classes , you can opt out and take ethics classes instead which also teaches about different religions from an outside viewpoint but has a bigger focus on philosophy and ( surprise ! ), 
  ethics . 
  never ever have i head anyone of sane mind doubt evolutionary theories . 
  not our teachers , not our preachers . 
  everyone accepts that science has a better grasp of it than the bible . 
  the general consens is : you can believe in god as a higher power and take the commandments and the bible as a guide for your life , if that 's your thing , but it would be stupid to take the creationist story literally . 
  that 's why this creationist movement feels so incredibly backwards and stupid and coming from a country that 's usually as forward-thinking and inventive as the usa , it 's incredibly baffling how it could get that far . 
  i knew that , but even with a thing layer of it on a buttered toast , i just do n't like it . 
  my mom loves it , but she grew up in australia . 
  ( yes , i know , that 's vegimite , not marmite ), 
  oooooooh , i love sat\u00e9 !!!, 
  when we visited amsterdam in spring , we took home two huge glasses of peanut butter that you just ca n't find anywhere in a german supermarket . 
  marmite is one of those things you have to have grown up with to appreciate . 
  fun fact : there are at least 2 different recipes for nutella : in hotter countries like italy or spain , they add more sugar than for example in germany . 
  you might have had the italian receipe . 
  and no , it 's not healthy , but neither is ice cream . 
  i personally find it delicious ( c'mon - it 's chocolate !!! ), 
  but would n't have it every day . 
  my boyfriend eats it by the spoon straight out of the glass . 
  i 'd never do that , i put it on bread . 
  other fun fact : a good bread ( which is only marginally related to what americans dare to call bread ) will balance the sweetness . 
  also : germany has a long tradition of sweet spreads . 
  marmelade , jam , whatever you may call it . 
  as to peanut butter : i love peanut butter , that 's something i eat straight out of the glass . 
  in contrast , i do n't care much for it as a spread . 
  but you still have to search for it in supermarkets and you can only get it in small glasses in germany . 
  i hope that will change in the long run .
