  well , there was an incredibly bad , but hugely widespread movie called [ dei mudder sei gesicht ] ( http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0191072/ ) which did reach a cult status at least for a while in the late 90s/early 2000s . 
  can confirm . 
  we only use tap water at home . 
  went to a talk by someone from the ministry of health and she mentioned that the water we get here in stuttgart is even safe for babies to drink even without boiling beforehand . 
  just make sure you let it run until it 's nice and cool so you do n't drink it after it has been stagnant in the waterpipes for hours . 
  would just like to add that despite that , many people ( especially older generations ) will only drink bottled water . 
  usually because they prefer it to be carbonated . 
  some use soda stream machines to carbonate tap water but many will just buy bottles . 
  edit to add : water is municipal - each city/village has one or more water sources in the wider area . 
  water quality will always be very good but it will differ in minerals and thus , taste . 
  some people might have a well , but it 's not very common and usually not for drinking but watering the yard/garen or running a little fountain which would be too expensive with tap water . 
  in smaller cities/villages it 's very common to be part of a `` verein '' ( club ) or two . 
  both for doing the hobby and socializing . 
  lots of them are sports related ( soccer/tennis/handball probably the dominant ones ) but also singing clubs , hiking clubs , music clubs ( brass , mostly ) . 
  others join the volunteer firesquad and spend lots of their free time there . 
  it 's not so very common in bigger cities . 
  mostly sneakers . 
  but not those you 'd actually use to run or play tennis . 
  retro-sneakers or other fashionable ones . 
  my go-to sneaker is the onitsuka tiger mexico 66 if you 're looking for examples, 
  crapping before coffee ? 
  weird . 
  i do n't necessarily have a hot drink every day . 
  but if i want one at home , it 's usually tea . 
  loose leafed black darjeeling or oolong from my trusty `` english tea room '' tea shop . 
  hot water from the kettle , 2 mins to brew , a spoon full of sugar . 
  no milk . 
  never ever earl grey . 
  fun fact : many germans dig `` tea '' that does n't even have the tea leaf in the mixture . 
  ( read : infusions ) . 
  there 's a dazzling amount of herbal and fruit infusions mixed into all kinds of blends and usually equipped with a marketing name such as `` eternal calm '' , `` hot love '' `` peace and relaxation '' . 
  if i 'm out and about , or in my office , i 'll have a cappuccino or latte . 
  many people have said it quite well before me , so i 'll just do a tl ; dr no , it 's nowhere that bad . 
  yes , there have been incidents . 
  no , daily life in germany is only marginally different than before we took on those refugees . 
  yes , media is trying to deceive you, 
  it 's not like they succeed . 
  the cash registers are programmed to not let any alcohol be checked out after 10 pm . 
  so even if it 's 10:01 and you just want to buy 1 bottle of beer , they ca n't bend the rules for you . 
  gas stations or pizza services are n't exempt either . 
  you actually have to sit in a bar or restaurant if you want to drink alcohol late in the evening . 
  you can always tell who 's out of state once they start arguing with the cashier about this . 
  i might have missed it , while skimming over the replies , but i believe ** `` faules ei '' ( lazy egg ) ** has n't been mentioned yet . 
  all the kids stand in a big circle , facing the middle . 
  one kid is picked and starts to around the circle . 
  he/she is holding a handkerchief or a soft ball or just anything soft and easy to carry and will stealthily drop it behind one of the other kids in the circle . 
  the person who thus has been chosen needs to 1 . realize the handkerchief has landed behind him 2 . pick it up and 3 . chase down the `` dropper '' on the outside before he/she has completed one full lap . 
  if he ca n't catch the person who dropped the kerchief , the dropper gets to take his place in the circle and the chosen one is the new guy on the outside . 
  but : if the guy in the circle completely misses the fact that the handkerchief was dropped behind him and is still in his spot when the dropper comes back around , he 's the `` lazy egg '' and has to stand in the middle of the circle . 
  then there are variations . 
  either , the lazy eggs are collected and will have to stay until the game is done , or they get to leave once the next lazy egg is caught or the dropper can throw the handkerchief into the middle and challenge the egg to a chase . 
  i know it as `` letter to grandma '' - the person with the back to the others will shout `` ich schreibe meiner oma einen langen langen brief '' ( `` i 'm writing a long , long letter to my grandma '' ) - once the sentence is done , it 's basically red light . 
  except for the fact that in the state of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg you ca n't buy alcohol in a shop after 10 pm . 
  you can still get a drink in bars and restaurants , but no take-away after 10 . 
  other germans look at me funny if i order my schnitzel without sauce . 
  but it 's obvious : it ruins the crunchy crust . 
  and i thought my boyfriend was the only person in the world who does n't like cucumbers . 
  i 'll male sure to tell him there are like minded ( tongued ? ), 
  people around . 
  they 're just releasing the comics in hardcover . 
  three a piece . 
  at least here in germany . 
  i just started to build up my collection . 
  back in the late 80s/90s i read them at our library , so i never owned any of them . 
  german is my native language , fluent in english , basic french ( enough for basic day-to-day when on vacation there but not really a conversation . ), 
  those two i learned in school . 
  i did n't have a choice about that either . 
  english started in fifth grade , french in seventh and i could 've also added latin in ninth or spanish as a voluntary after school activity but i opted out of that nowadays the kids will start playful , conversational english in primary school i also manage rudimentary fragmented spanish ( as in single words i will throw around . 
  for example in a taxi cab `` aeroporto , rapido por favor '' ) as long as i can derive it from my french vocabulary . 
  same in italian . 
  for transportation : paris is really well connected to other european cities by train ( tgv ) - just note that in order to ride on a tgv you need not only a ticket but also a seat reservation , so book beforehand . 
  online works really well . 
  oh , and milka ? 
  come on . 
  lindt , yes . 
  milka , well , if there 's nothing elses . 
  hershey 's not even then . 
  was gifted a pack of hershey 's chocolate . 
  kept giving them away to my au-pair children . 
  win win . 
  have tried wonderbread . 
  is not an acceptible substitute . 
  i 'm not even talking about schwarzbrot . 
  just any bread that we would n't consider toastbrot . 
  uuuuuuugh . 
  that makes you the first german i met who claims that . 
  it 's like claiming that wonder bread has any resemblance to real bread . 
  just make sure to not send any hershey 's chocolate . 
  no one outside of the us likes it . 
  nearly 7 years ago . 
  snow in stuttgart , germany . 
  germany here , international/us stores like amazon started it and it 's starting to catch on with other local shops , too, 
  never been to krakow but can absolutely second prague and budapest . 
  beautiful cities !, 
  reiberdatschi/kartoffelpuffer - grated potatoes mixed with with egg and flour , then fried and served with apple sauce . 
  weisswurst - typical bavarian breakfast sausages ( should traditionally only be eaten before 11 ) , served in hot water , eaten with a laugenbrezel ( same shape but different taste to what americans know as pretzel ) and sweet mustard . 
  are strudels a thing in the us ? 
  they 're more austrian than german and delicious . 
  kaiserschmarren ( also austrian ) - like thick pancakes , ripped to shreds , and fried a little longer and served with powdered sugar and apple sauce . 
  k\u00e4ssp\u00e4tzle - swabian noodles ( with lots of eggs in the dough ) baked with looooooots of cheese and topped with fried onions .
