  the netherlands are big about peanut butter , i know that much . 
  vienna is supposed to be beautiful . 
  it 's on my to-travel-list for new years . 
  found here : http://www.austria.info/au/people-and-traditions/new-year-celebrations-1145358.html  on 31 december , vienna 's old city centre transforms into a vibrant party arena . 
  thousands of people follow the new year 's eve trail , stopping off for sparkling wine , punch and culinary treats as they make their way from one open-air attraction to the next . 
  just to state the obvious - from late november on , northern europe and russia will be cold as fuck ... do n't forget that . 
  can be beautiful , but pack accordingly . 
  trains in western europe are mostly dependable and will bring you pretty much anywhere more or less on time - depending on your age , you might look into an interrail pass . 
  i do n't know anything about trains/buses in eastern europe though . 
  try asking over at / r/interrail, 
  well , it 's all guesswork . 
  but obviously he 'd pick a hotel/resort that has the highest amount of people whose lifestyle he disagrees with . 
  so tourists from pretty much any western country would be fitting . 
  no point walking into a bazaar with people who he/his organziation hope to convert to their causes . 
  well yes , it very much looked like he was out to kill europeans . 
  or in general , tourists . 
  i do n't think he cared where they were from . 
  one reason might be , as / u/angelknives stated , to cripple tunisia and make it more vulnerable seems to be working for now , i know all ( most ? ), 
  the german travel companies offer full refunds for anyone that booked a tunisia vacation but does n't want to go anymore , which is nearly everyone . 
  the other reason might be that tourists will often behave differently than a person from that country would , they for example wear clothes that a radical muslim might view as indecent . 
  this might be picked up by young people working for/with them . 
  thus , they bring `` sin '' into the country . 
  which might be enough for a radical religious person to justify an act so horrible . 
  in germany generally all the movies get ~ ~ subbed ~ ~ . 
  edit : i meant dubbed . 
  but - as many younger people are realizing that lots of fun dialogues suck massively when translated , more and more cinemas in bigger cities offer additional original version showings for at least the big block busters . 
  so your choice might be limited , but you 'll probably find something to watch . 
  they usually add ov ( original version ) or omu ( original version with subtitles ) to the name of the movie to distinguish . 
  in my city , we actually do have a purely english cinema , but i 'm not sure about how many more there are in germany . 
  having recently travelled to belgium i can tell you that cinemas in brussels do show most movies in dutch , french and english ( probably due to the fact that there are so many expats from all over europe there ) . 
  yes , fusspilz ( pronounced `` foos peelts '' ) is the correct term . 
  no , it 's something that just comes natural when you hear it day and and out . 
  but it is confusing if another language uses another gender for nouns . 
  like german `` die sonne '' ( female ) in french : `` le soleil '' ( male ), 
  the cologne dom . 
  or the m\u00fcnster in ulm . 
  both in germany . 
  both are awesome and huge gothic cathedrals . 
  is limestone the same as sandstone ? 
  that 's what many german churches use . 
  well , if you did n't want holes , why 'd you put the sand there ? 
  that sounds disgusting . 
  i 've never seen anyone do that . 
  but then , i 've never vacationed on the adriatic coast before . 
  spent time as an au pair in the states . 
  when the very first h & m opened in the area , it was a day for celebration for pretty much all german au-pairs . 
  truth . 
  i 've harbored a crush on him since the 80s . 
  jam ? 
  where did that come from ? 
  nope . 
  plenty of colorful hair here . 
  especially red wo n't really be out of the ordinary . 
  it was quite surprising coming across stores in amsterdam that would only take electronic payment . 
  that would never happen in germany . 
  the other way round , quite often . 
  some stores will only accept cash and others will only accept card payments if your bill amounts to more than x eur . 
  there 's often an even higher threshold for credit cards . 
  i 'm not even sure if a shop could completely refuse to take cash in germany . 
  it 's a legitimate way of paying , so if the customer chooses , you have to accept . 
  do n't think i 've ever seen one . 
  but it 's something i would use if i wanted to buy a used car for example . 
  in everyday life , i usually do n't go much higher that 50 eur notes . 
  that 's also what you 'll mostly get from an atm, 
  check out / r/interrail you might find useful tips there, 
  i 'd suggest going in summer , but then 3 months vs. 1 is a big difference . 
  so let 's talk about winter in europe . 
  hostels will probably be open but some sights might use the break in tourist flow to do some renovations so they might be closed or only partially open . 
  - if you have your eyes set on something you really must see , maybe check with them beforehand if they 'll be open . 
  bigger cities will be okay all year round , i guess . 
  it really depends very much on what you want to do , where you want to go and how you feel about the cold . 
  if you want to go and see lots of museums - you 'll probably be fine , even better than in summer because there will be less tourists shoving through the exhibitions . 
  if you love snow and cold ( or do n't mind it ) or even want to go skiing or sledding - maybe head for the alps or northern europe but be aware that it might be harder to get there doe to closed streets . 
  in germany there are also lots of beautiful christmas markets to be seen in december . 
  and i 'd bring bathings suits and plan a day to go to a `` therme '' to relax , that 's a bath that is built around a hot spring and will have pools of different warmth levels . 
  or go to the sauna . 
  but be aware - in most european countries people will go into the sauna naked , with just a towel to sit on . 
  americans tend to have a less easy approach to nakedness . 
  :-) be aware that winter near the coast in the north can be brutal - cold , wet winds can really chill you to the bone . 
  or at least that 's what i found . 
  i 'd suggest you make sure you have bad weather options lined up for each stop so you do n't find yourself wet and miserable with no idea what to do . 
  southern europe will be a lot more mild , like the south coast of spain , or southern italy for example . 
  around 20 degrees celcius , maybe ? 
  you can check out average temperatures and rainfall for most places online . 
  in general , you 'll probably enjoy yourself the most if you 're not hellbent on doing exactly everything on your iterinary . 
  be flexible and go with the flow . 
  try the different foods , talk to people , maybe you 'll find someone to take you along to whatever the locals do in winter . 
  in germany , you only get paid vacations if you are an employee . 
  if you are self-employed , you do n't . 
  no paid vacation or paid sick days . 
  you either earn enough money so you can afford to take some time off ( which is what you should aim for , i guess ) or not . 
  there are laws though that prevent `` pretend-self-employoment '' . 
  for example , if you were a truck driver driving solely for one company , but were officially self-employed , that would be illegal . 
  they 'd have to employ you or you 'd have to also take jobs from other firms . 
  this is to try to prevent the company from forcing you to be self-employed in trying to get out of paying their share in insurance and taxes . 
  very common in rural areas of germany - i grew up in a small village with no shop , not even a bakery . 
  if you did n't have a car , the only public transport was the school bus twice a day . 
  a bike would only get you so far ... 
  different picture in bigger cites : most big cities will have excellent public transportation . 
  i for example do n't own a car and i do n't need one .
