  britain is gon na lose a lot , but the eu will be fine . 
   britain will suffer the brunt of the economic impact of brexit and the effects on the world economy will be more limited , [ s&p said in its latest update on britain 's economy . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-ratings-idukkbn13610l ) sure , our ( eu ) gdp will shrink a bit , but our other countries ' economies are growing . 
  brexit will only make them grow faster . 
  pope 's too liberal for our catho-taliban rulers and the money-grubbing polish church o.o, 
  i like the sound of [ * komplett im arsch * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-oe1xzxcw8 ), 
  i know a guy who repairs or flies helicopters for the army . 
  he was in iraq or afghanistan , but i do n't know if he 's seen any combat . 
  not a fan of war , so i never really discussed it with him . 
  polish also has the [ * ogonek * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ogonek ) , along with lithuanian . 
  i think we are the only two european countries to use them ( \u0105 , \u0119 ) and the crossed-l ( \u0141 or \u0142 . ), 
  edit : oh , and accents on consonants : \u0107 , \u015b , \u017a , and the dotted-z : \u017c . i think it 's a pretty unique language . 
  kurwa-lpt : if every kurwa other word is `` kurwa '' kurwa , you know kurwa they are speaking polish kurwa . 
  now , with the videos , seeing as i am paying attention to it , yes . 
  the flemish does sound smoother . 
  if i heard it on the street , though , i am not sure i would notice it , or recognize the origin . 
  sadly , not many dutch speakers in poland , so it might be a while before i get to test it . 
  absolutely !, 
  learn the basics , then learn by immersion once you 're there . 
  just * force * yourself to speak italian while you 're there . 
  do n't hang out only with other exchange students * speaking only english * as you will miss out a lot of culture , etc. 
  check out the open university courses . 
  they are free , but you can also buy completion certificates . 
   satanic church sounds pretty alright to me . 
   so duck them . 
  do n't mind if i do !, 
   one with drug deals  i did a deal with two pakistanis and they were real nice . 
   - prison sentence for drugs possession ( addicts going to jail instead of rehab , ** what 's the end-goal of that ? ** ) . 
  profit , pure and simple . 
  prisons are a business . 
   - extreme nationalism  - the influence of religion on society is very scary . 
  also valid responses to `` what do you think is the stupidest thing we have ? 
  ( poland ) '' :(, 
   they can afford it not when scum are free to raise the price of patented medicine 5000 % . 
  to be fair , i find the european system equally retarded . 
  the only sane way to write dates is iso 8601 ( i.e. 
  yyyy-mm-dd ) . 
  5/7 , perfect certainty . 
  the metro in cties like barcelona and paris has a lot more than two lines . 
  they also said they would pump 300m pounds a week into the nhs . 
  talk is cheap , when you do n't have to face reality . 
  op asked about personal opinions . 
  i do not find that gorgeous . 
  though i should have mentioned blasphemy squad , by rudimentary peni . 
  religious vomit by the dead kennedys , or f ### religion by the exploited . 
  it 's pronounced `` i ran '' in american english . 
  not surprising . 
  ruling party does n't even help the polish majority in our country . 
  some people did pretty well for themselves in poland too , after the fall of communism . 
  but we 've never lacked anything , and i 've got to visit more countries than most people i know , so no ragrets . 
  yeah , like / u/vertitto said . 
  my parents were planning on it , but it was all hush-hush . 
  lots of government spies , and you never knew who you could trust . 
  we basically said `` we 're going on vacation , we are totally coming back right after '' and then just did n't . 
  and yeah , i guess `` fleeing '' might imply a sense of urgency . 
  this was n't an urgent , spur of the moment thing . 
  english is my third language , i 'm bound to screw up the nuances sometimes , 
  oh , in poland either , officially , but poland was never a part of the ussr , * per se * . 
  it was the * prl * , polish people 's republic , which was aligned with ( and pretty much dominated by ) the ussr . 
  we had a tiny bit more liberties than the ussr itself . 
  i was just a child , so i do n't remember the details , but i know we crossed the border perfectly legally . 
  my dad then carried on with his job on the ship . 
  we just disembarked before the ship returned to poland . 
  of course , someone certainly did n't do their job by letting us go , either as a favour to my dad , or by mistake , that i ca n't say , but we did nothing wrong ( according to the laws of the time ) . 
  lots of poles emigrated in the 80s , after the imposition of martial law . 
  makes me sad to see how much hatred there is towards migrants nowadays , after we , as a nation , were shown such compassion . 
  we had passports , and were * allowed * to leave . 
  generally , i know that emigration was forbidden , and it was n't easy to get permission to leave as a family , no . 
  not 100 % sure how my dad achieved that , or who was responsible for stopping us , but we left legally . 
  some time around 86-87 . 
  not sure exactly . 
  my dad worked on a ship , so he took us `` on vacation '' with him . 
  it was a pretty long vacation . 
  upvoted because * pew , pew , boom *, 
  when we fled communism , we lived on a ship for a while , i get what you mean about the longing . 
  shame the baltic is so damn cold though . 
  closest sea to me right now . 
  i 've never asked , but i do have poor family in rural poland - i expect quite a few of them have never been to the sea , despite it being less than 300 km away . 
  to be fair , it looks like the ceremony is in a church . 
  i 'd get drunk too if i had to go to church . 
  it 's all good . 
  for the most part , looking at the latest election , it 's hard not to agree with the way you portrayed it . 
  just wanted to expand on it for the people outside poland who were interested . 
  ( and i replied to your post , as i prefer keeping responses grouped by country , and try to do that when i can , not to disagree or whatever . ), 
  it 's kind of difficult to simplify this situation so much ... 
  the oldest people tend to be the most religious and nationalistic . 
  many middle-aged people are economically liberal , supporting parties like nowoczesna ( modern ) and platforma obywatelska ( civic platform - donald tusk 's party ) , as well as the committee for defence of democracy ( kod ) movement . 
  some are socially liberal , some are socially conservative , but they are not really extremists in either direction . 
  many young people ( < 25 ) are believing the nonsense spewed by our current , ultra-nationalistic government . 
  they are idiots , with no idea what life was like in communist poland , and who think that the current government pissing over our liberties like the commies did is a good thing , in the name of poland 's glory . 
  they are very socially conservative , nationalistic , often racist and homophobic to boot . 
  often less educated , working shit jobs , or dressing like hooligans , drinking , fighting and wondering why they 're unemployable ( not all , of course ) . 
  then you have the modern young people , who are often much more tolerant , socially liberal , occasionally atheistic , and who travelled around the eu and tend to be more open . 
  people who are educated , or currently in university . 
  poland is a weird melting pot . 
  not in terms of cultures , as we are a very homogeneous society , but we are also witnessing very vocal opposing ideas . 
  just my two cents . 
  so ... yeah , massive cultural split , but not necessarily between young and old ( even if the young have indubitably travelled more , generally , growing up in the eu and having chances their parents never did behind the iron curtain ) . 
  ^ ^ in-depth * sorry to be that guy , i just assume english is n't your first language , so this is n't judgmental  he 's * in deep * with the mob . 
  this was an in-depth answer .
