looks like the thracian treasure, 
  you mean decriminalizing ? 
  maybe , but it will not be soon . 
  right now the government is very unstable , no laws are being passed . 
  we will be having elections before the term set because of how much nothing is happening . 
  you are absolutely correct , but the posted article still goes on to rant about mere extreme suggestions like `` women 's heels , and the use of foreign words like ` hamburger . ' '', 
  it is a largely sensationalist article and the reddit title it is given is even more sensationalist and has absolutely nothing to do with the truth . 
  sixty laws that ban gays , freedom and `` curb civil society '' ( what the fuck does that even mean ... ) , on top of `` intimidat [ ing ] anyone who consorts with foreigners '' ?!, 
  how is that even remotely written in the article which , mind you , is sensationalist enough !, 
  if this utter garbage post is being upvoted like hell , nothing can convince me that reddit is pro-russian like the above poster suggested . 
  the reason the article is deleted is because it is a shit article . 
  it has nothing to do with the title of the post . 
  did you even take the time to read it ? 
  or did you jsut blindly assumed the title to be 100 % correct ? 
  because the article just says that russia passed 60 laws in 4 hours . 
  it does not mention what they are . 
  then it goes on to describe the most extreme recent suggestions - the kind of stuff that every extreme conservatives in every government have . 
  nothing to do with the actual passed laws . 
  yes , it is an anti-russian article . 
  but it is an anti-russian article that does not provide any news . 
  that is why it sucks . 
  this just goes to prove how easy it is for the media to manipulate people ... 
  i guess my assumption is wrong then ? 
  i am gon na guess that you do n't celebrate it only because you do n't use cyrillic . 
  it is quite a day in those that do , though - like bulgaria . 
  so definitely not `` russian '' writing and culture . 
  \u0422he bulgarian one is actually bird-beak but i guess i 'm just being overly meticulous . 
  i think this has something to do with the constant swearing . 
  it is kind of a stereotype , at least here , in bulgaria . 
  a very foolish statement indeed . 
  but yes , in my experience they are incredibly lazy , they do steal everything they can lay their hands on - wood , metal , cables , bricks , anything they could make a profit out of , they are even known to sell their own newborn kids !, 
  so his comment is not entirely bullshit . 
  while i do believe the ottomans did not bring the gypsies in bulgaria , they did came to the balkans at almost the same time . 
  yes , it is a ridiculous notion but for different reasons . 
  i can link you wikipeda as a source but you can probably do the search for yourself . 
  be a good sport and post links . 
  and you are just ignorant . 
  look , i do n't know how do you draw the line but the term `` european european '' only makes sense in your head . 
  i think you , as most americans , have one thing inherently wrong . 
  europeans do n't consider europe a single entity . 
  reddit aside , i have heard americans say `` i have lived in europe '' instead of saying the country they have been in . 
  i have heard americans say `` that is so european '' when they refer to specific thing of an european nation 's culture . 
  see , that does not make sense to me and it no one would ever say that , at least where i have lived . 
  i am bulgarian . 
  i do n't identify myself as european . 
  outside reddit , when not communicating with americans , i put european on the same level as balkan or eurasian . 
  to me , greece is a separate country . 
  a friendly country , that we have a lot of relations with but a separate one . 
  and so is germany , france , uk ... to put it shortly , the word `` european '' changes meaning when i use reddit . 
  why am i saying all of that ? 
  because i can not feel insecure about europe 's place in the world . 
  i just do n't feel european in the first place . 
  yes , my country is in the eu . 
  no , that does n't mean eu first , my country later . 
  the eu is just too new . 
  see , trust is built over the years and actions . 
  and the eu is not past the point where countries trust each other . 
  and there are many examples as to why . 
  anyway , i just wanted to make that clear because it has been bothering me a lot . 
  i am aware of the historical context . 
  and a profit is a profit , no need of quotation marks . 
  all i 'm saying is that there is no need to be so aggressive . 
  yes , when russia is being unreasonable ( like gas ) , look for alternatives . 
  but having ties with russia is not something to be avoided . 
  is it reasonable to completely turn back to our legacy with russia ? 
  no , at least in my opinion . 
  anyway , i hope you realize everything you said in your comment completely supports putin 's statement . 
  do n't limit your options , you want to have as many economic ties ( and thus competition ) as possible . 
  monopoly is bad !, 
  and i have every reason to believe nations do n't play a role here , i.e. 
  us-based monopoly is just as bad as russian one . 
  things are not black and white . 
  the only reason bulgarian gas is expensive is because we are dependent on russian resources . 
  there are no alternatives - complete monopoly , as you said . 
  do you see the irony already ? 
  putin is absolutely right by saying `` be independent and do n't allow for that to happen '' . 
  about the us bit , you know that our economy , at least currently , profits way more from russia than the us . 
  there is not even need to argue , the two are incomparable . 
  we profit more from russia ties . 
  of course , this does n't mean we should cut the us ones but do n't be ridiculous by portraying things so black and white . 
  haha , i do n't expect you to speak the language . 
  to be fair , it could be used as testicles but only when referring to how fragile they are . 
  say , you get hit in the balls you might say `` my eggs ! '', 
  instead of `` my balls '' but that is only when you want to emphasize how fragile they are . 
  no , it does n't, 
  almost no one works on minimal wage here . 
  it 's simply way below what is livable . 
  what usually happens is that employers pay workers minimum wage `` on paper '' , and give employees additional levs under the table - so that the taxes associated are reduced for both parties . 
  it 's basically a cheating system to pay less taxes . 
  i absolutely hate that and i think the working salary should be raised even further to match reality . 
  turns out you are right . 
  bulgaria is the oldest european country that has kept the same name ( it is known as bulgaria since 681 ad ) edit : turns out san marino has been sovereign longer . 
  well , 2nd oldest is still not that bad considering i have heard people say we emerged from the soviet union . 
  this is almost exclusively the case for bulgaria and we are at 4th place . 
  i do n't think russia will attack at all . 
  i do n't see a reason why would they . 
  you seem to have it fixed in your mind that russia will eventually attack . 
  and i question that . 
  why do you think russians are evil ? 
  why do you think they want your territory ?
