wow . 
  you think over 2 million people who voted no were english settlers . 
  really ? 
  you seem to think there are more english in scotland than scots . 
  i hate the stereotype of the french . 
  france has an incredible military history and yet people keep pointing to ww2 . 
  it 's moronic . 
  ca n't say i ever saw germany as superstitious or science hating . 
  though closing the nuclear power plants was a knee jerk reaction to plants in japan which were old and should have had better a tsunami protection . 
  nazi jokes bore me as well . 
  it was 70 years ago . 
  most involved ate now dead . 
  it 's the same with calling the a french cowards . 
  i am tired of my fellow brits and the americans drawing out the tired cliches . 
  bad teeth , bad food , pompous . 
  not true . 
  the uk is a very diverse place with much to be proud of . 
  most healthy teeth in the world . 
  wide variety of different foods . 
  let 's be fair . 
  americans say shit about just about every other country on here . 
  especially with the murica shit . 
  so reap what you sow . . 
  alas that paints very little of what went on in those 300 years . 
  it focuses a little too much on the roman side which admittedly was a very big thing but a lot more was going on . 
  you may wish to try the british history podcast which goes into great detail . 
  modern archeology and a more thorough and proper study of history is now starting to overturn much of the history of the past . 
  for example there is very little angle os saxon blood in the english . 
  there was not some big invasion where the local populous were wiped out forced to migrate to wales . 
  there were some conflict and a little migration but the vast amount of the britons stayed and as the angles and the saxons that were here became more dominant , the local populous started to adopt their culture and ways . 
  so in many ways the english are pretty much just as celtic as the irish though for the most part neither side like to admit it . 
  ireland may have not had the romans or angles and saxons come over , but the norse came to ireland in a big way . 
  in truth neither ireland or the uk are particularly celtic either , at least not when it comes to bloodlines . 
  the celts themselves were a people who migrated to both isles but like future and previous cultures that migrated they did not have a big impact on the bloodlines wither . 
  though like later with the what would become english adopting saxon culture , earlier in ireland and briton the larger populous adopted the celtic cultures and changed them . 
  i am a proud celt because of my welsh side , but also happy to discover i have a celtic side to me from the english . 
  i am in two minds really . 
  on the one hand i am very patriotic . 
  i love my country and the identity of it . 
  on the other a united europe that can really stand on the world stage as one of the biggest , if not biggest powers out there that can strive to make a lot of good in the world is also appealing . 
  i suspect it can not happen . 
  at least not for a few centuries . 
  america when it formed was inviting in immigrants . 
  people willingly went there to embrace a new country . 
  they might have held onto their old culture with pride but also adopted their new american life with equal pride and embraced a new language . 
  europe is not made up of people seeking a new life somewhere else . 
  but of people who enjoy where they live and their culture and their language . 
  so it is hard to see there ever being a truly united europe because too many countries have too many differences . 
  and what of the power blocks ? 
  of germany france and the uk . 
  three very powerful nations in their own rights . 
  would they want to give that up ? 
  would they try to dominate in a united europe . 
  its a nice dream but i doubt it will happen in our lifetimes . 
  cheers, 
  out of curiosity why godless traitors ? 
  england comes out well . 
  number one fuckers in europe . 
  shh now . 
  your crazy is showing . 
  sure , why not . 
  i might suggest you are the one being defensive here now . 
  you have been called out by others not just me . 
  stated you have been accused of racism in the past . 
  if it is happening this often then you should ;d examine yourself and the things you say . 
  do n't just try and justify them but take a good hard look at them , think if they are justified ? 
  i think you will find to label any race of people as being the same is wrong , unjust and frankly racist . 
  you use the same self justification of many other racists including those in the uk who do not like for instance people from east europe . 
  you also seem to enjoy the spotlight of arguing this and i do not actually think you will stop and consider what you say and the impact it has on others so i am going to draw a line under this conversation . 
  read back what you wrote and tell me again not negative . 
  the english woman without arrogance only because she grew up in spain , now that is arrogant , some discrimination is a colossal understatement ? 
  you have not got a clue . 
  you are a bigot , with jaded views who tries to flower them up a little but actually you can see the murky undercurrent of racism below . 
  i had meant the eu . 
  corrected my mistake . 
  and the conservatives have committed to a re-negoation with the eu and then holding a referendum on whether we should stay in it if they got back into power . 
  they got back into power . 
  i feel you are not being very fair handed . 
  and i can see why you have been accused of anglophobia . 
  i have 2 close french friends and wan italian friend who live here . 
  they love being here . 
  they find the people in england to be friendly and open . 
  the love going on trips to places like wales and love it there . 
  and do not encounter the things you mention . 
  the ex-pats in spain are not the best representatives of a people to be honest but at the same time you will be finding examples that are often isolated . 
  it actually sounds a lot like the attitude some in the uk have towards the polish . 
  the polish community here fill many good roles in society here and fit in well . 
  but some people do not like them and will find any example to demonise them . 
  which is feels like what is happening with the british in spain . 
  no i was giving an example where one key thing they agree on may blind them to a whole host of other policies they certainly do not agree with . 
  i was using examples and in no way saying having one particular view should disqualify you from voting . 
  not sure how you got that . 
  and i was then citing how the current system is to represent the people of a contingency and be trusted to act on their behalf even if it is not always exactly what the voters may like . 
  and how sometimes they may be ahead of the public on certain issues . 
  a mp should be better educated on many of these issues that the excoriate because it is their job . 
  not sure where you are going with a vote on bringing back the death penalty . 
  you seem to think i suggest mp 's do the opposite of what the electorate want . 
  you have either completely misread what i have said or are simply looking to create argument . 
  i often stuggle with this . 
  where as i believe in democracy and the will of the people , sometimes it feels like a huge portion of the electorate have absolutely no idea about politics and just hear a few key things they like from a party and go with them based on that .
