  an example here in the uk . 
  immigration is a hot topic . 
  and we have a party called the uk independence party that want to put a stop to most immigrants and leave the eu . 
  not these are as far right on the political spectrum as you can be without going into racist like politics . 
  and you often do get racist and homophobic remarks coming out of members of the party . 
  but the newspapers have driven up the scaremongering about immigration so much over the last decade or so many have set their minds against it . 
  and think ukip are the only party that can tackle this . 
  now the natural movement of voters to ukip are from the conservative party who are more on the right side of that party . 
  but now we are showing signs that many labour supporters , a left wing party might vote for ukip at this election . 
  and this is based immigration alone . 
  they are not looking at the other polocies or what else ukip might introduce . 
  they would probably devastate and perhaps try to one day abolish our national health service , a key part of our socialist ideals . 
  as well as bring in other right wing policies that go against left wing principles . 
  but these people who naturally align more to the left would ignore all that and vote for ukip over immigration . 
  so it is times like this i do wonder about who should be allowed to vote . 
  yet on the reverse i kinda wish everybody had to vote . 
  it was the law because so many do not so you do not get a true representation of the will of the people . 
  when it comes down to it the politicians represent their constituents . 
  so you have to trust , hope that they will do this . 
  you sometimes worry when you hear of some of the exploits or gaffs that come from politicians but you at least hope they are a little more educated and willing to use common sense . 
  an example of this in the uk is in the 60 's , when the vast majority of the public were pro death penalty . 
  i think the number was something like 80 or 90 % the mp 's still abolished it . 
  because they were elected to act on behalf of the people , not necessarily be a slave to the will of the people . 
  and as flawed as this might be at times . 
  it does still seem to work . 
  israel is not in europe . 
  but ... there were no british back then ... how did he come to think we did it ? 
  haha love it . 
  maybe america is a little more like the rest of the world than you realised . 
  nope . 
  no milk in bags here . 
  milk come in bags ? 
  what the hell is that ? 
  new zealand and australia feel more like kids than brothers . 
  ireland maybe but due to our history there is a lot of dislike for us from ireland so if it it brotherly there is a lot of resentment from our little brother . 
  i think england came off pretty well there . 
  i am so embaressed that this happened in my country . 
  ah now i understand . 
  you are an idiot . 
  no you have a uninformed predjaduce view of english food based upon sterotypes which came about from our resteraunts in the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's which a the time were not very good . 
  our home cooking was always perfectly good and now our restaurants have considerably improved . 
  stereotypes like this annoy me . 
  like the stereotype that the fresh are all cowards . 
  i have on many occasions countered brits and americans perpetuating this stereotype about the french because it is unfair . 
  and i refute this stereotype of british food as well . 
  i have two close french friends who have lived here for several years now , love it here and have no issues at all with our food . 
  and as the other person pointed out . 
  even if they do not like our dishes , did they really think our food would be unsafe ? 
  the uk has some of the strictest food safety standards around . 
  umm it kinda of is . 
  why would they think our food may be detrimental to their health ? 
  such thinking comes from ignorance . . 
  i feel you may have only skimmed the surface of our humour . 
  what might be ending up your way might just be a small type of our humour which is actually quite broad and varied . 
  many in america might think for example benny hill and mister bean represents our humour . 
  when in fact there is a lot more out there that they may not see . 
  you 're welcome america !, 
  i have a friend who just came back from a holiday there who had a lovely time and set the people were wonderful . 
  one village does not represent a country . 
  i am half welsh . 
  not sure why wales is not counted as traitors as they voted to leave europe . 
  what scares you ? 
  that the court ruled it must go parliament or the mails reaction ? 
  ahh that charming irish spirit . 
  that came later . 
  seems he can be king , but it is debated if she can be queen consort . 
  he was not the price of wales at the time he was alreadyking and he abdicated under immense preassure from parliament and the media due to his love of an american divorcee . 
  something not seen as acceptable at the time . 
  would have caused a crisis for her to become queen . 
  different more liberal times now so we are more accepting of what the royals might do to a certain extent , yet at the same time deeply enrouted intraditions which in this country means aboutdications are very rare and not nay happen in crisis , and the heir follows the royal line . 
  charles wo n't abdicate in favour of william . 
  when the queen dies he will ascend to the throne and reign maybe 10 to 15 years before he dies then william will ascend in probably his 50 's and have a longer reign than charles but not as long as elizabeth and it will be a sort of reset from the very long reign we had to shorter ones again . 
  you are reading this wrong . 
  this is the percentage of population opposed . 
  it shows spain and the uk being for more against the invasion than the likes of france , germany and sweden . 
  just because an government takes a position , the public do not always take the same position . 
  you saw it as a bully , we saw it as us standing up and arguing the other point of view , and sometime arguing for the smaller states as well . 
  the eu has always been dominated by france and germany , it was good to have another powerful country to be able to argue a different point of view , and i think europe will be poorer now for not having that . 
  we miss you too :(, 
  yeah i am a europhile but not quite on your level . 
  i am pro eu , but after we have left i am not sure i would want to go back , because going back we would not have all the benefits we had negotiated . 
  no rebate , have to adopt the euro etc. 
  people like to say reddit is very left wing . 
  but i have found a hell of a lot of right win views here . 
  this is my fear . 
  fuck you for not understanding politics . 
  nice try april, 
  i guess owning rather than renting is more security . 
  when you own you have something you can sell . 
  where as rent feels like thrown away money . 
  i rented for 14 years and it always felt like monet wasted . 
  just got on the home owner ladder and feels more secure and something that can go to my niece when i die . 
  care to supply data ? 
  cheers mate . 
  come and have a pint next time you are our way . 
  english do not like cromwellmuch either . 
  quite the chip on your shoulder there for some very ancient history . 
  she is not just the english queen . 
  the english and scottish onarchy merged before the united kingdomeven came into existence so she is just as much the scottish queen . 
  why not ?
