  regarding portugal , you do realize that it took 28 years and 10 different battles , for the spanish to accept portugal , and the next 400 years had 2 wars to try and conquer portugal , even franco had plans to invade portugal , even today , there are still groups who want that . 
  image the cluster fuck that will be a unilateral declaration of independece , the first move by the central power , will be to get all bussiness from catalonia into spain , to keep the money in . 
  does catolian have enough farm land for food production , what about all the spaniards living and working in catalonia will they be deported ? 
  what about the families ? 
  do you realize the ammount of problems that will arise . 
  not even talking about the eu and their own politics . 
  i cant recall the last unilateral indepence declaration , that didnt result in war or the fall of one state involved . 
   were voluntarily enlisted thats a strange way of puting it . 
  seems legit, 
  ahah you got a laugh out of me :p thanks . 
  you really think castille is going to loose peacefully a big part of its country , and one of the richest areas , making other separatists movements get their own hopes , . just to make some catolinians happy . 
  i am sure the second time its the charm . 
  good luck with that , let me know how it went . 
  no problem , i also let my bias influence me it happens to all of us , we just have to remenber , no matter how bad the others are and their ideology , we allways have to follow the law , and right to fair trial and defense , we cant fight fire with more fire . 
  your conclusion doesnt take into account that rail networks got less usage because of desinvestment and because more investment was put in car roads , so the 2 are closely related , its clear , a decision was made of one over the other , while the former was much more sustainable and effective than the latter . 
  i am sure the auto industry did some lobbying . 
  `` better '' millions of cars moving around with thousands of deaths due to crashes , per year . 
  also most of them only carrying the driver ... 
  ah the prize that was created so an arms dealer wouldnt feel so bad about the destruction he caused =d oh and im sure there is no bias in those choices ... 
   on the other hand , in a reasonably free society , you ca n't prevent people from forming cults or opening schools etc. 
  now that the state is trying to reverse things , you see how ugly it gets . 
  i agree that now while trying to correct it it looks crazy , but it was the states fault in the first place , any free democratic government has the job to give the people the tools to protect themselves from cults , and `` ism 's '' , germany for example , doesnt let scientology into the country because its a secret cult , and alot of other countries , dont let foreign money into politics or religion , i think letting secret societies with foreign investors in , is an incredible bad move , and now they have to fix it . 
  what i suspect is that while those forces where somewhat on the side of erdo\u011fan he didnt really bother with them , and now that they backstabbed him he now has a big problem in his hands , and the bad press might give him even more future problems . 
  what is going to happen to those 50k people ? 
  they need new jobs right , a way to make a living . 
  are they going to be expelled from the country with their families ? 
  this is very confusing . 
  there is one thing i cant understand , if that guy g\u00fclen is so bad how on earth does a state let his cult get more and more power , that like having a little dictator in the country and just letting him spread is paws all over the country . 
  you 're welcome spaniards . 
  the eu cant afford , any nato or eu country getting anexed or waged war agaisnt without response , what would that say to other smaller countries , it would mean the eu is a central club and that would be the death of the eu . 
  putin knows if he pokes the snake too much it will bite . 
  crimea was one thing an eu state is another . 
   every non-neutral eu-member how many eu states can just turn a blind eye . 
  would western europe help ? 
  while facing migration problems , and possible eastern refuge crisis due to a russian intervention , wich russia can do even without being involved , just by them fueling paramilitary pro-russian groups , like it happened in ukraine . 
  you do realise that crimea is already conquered , and its the same size of some eu states , and the eu just watched and sanctioned , wich in turn made putin even more popular , just by spouting anti western rethoric . 
  for putin its a win win situattion , he can do what he wants , the eu sanctions he just gets russian media to say he is protecting russian heritage in eastern europe , and the russian public rallies behing him . 
  putin can wage war trough out the middle east , because it will only hurt the eu . 
  no matter what he does he still wins . 
  that the problem with the eu , its to weak to counter . 
  and putin is taking full advantage of that . 
  i will even say , erdogan is going to do the same , erdogan is going to play the eu like a fiddle , he has his hands in the refugee faucet , if the eu doesnt play along he just opens it and floods europe . 
  right now the eu is a hostage of both russia and turkey , and i would imagine as the african sittuation gets worse , lybia is going to want some of that refugee money as well . 
  eu at the moment is going to a mexican stand off with finger gun . 
  the eu cant even agree to regulations on the quotas of fishing sardines , do you really think it would agree on the creation of an army of millions and the costruction of jets and tanks , in time to fight a russian agression ? 
  right now the only thing protection eastern europe from putin is the united states and the mad concept . 
  exacly , the eu has no military power to help eastern europe if russia starts moving . 
  oh dont worry eastern friends , i have a feeling our friend putin has the old minority savior card in store for the near future . 
  and the weak eu wont even bat an eye . 
  im by defenition suspicious of `` purges '' or `` saviors '' that dont use the law , and due process like its suposed to be used , the last time my family heard that from a polititian they ended up in a 60 year dictatorship . 
  im the first generation to be born in a democracy . 
  lets hope this time is different . 
  if what you are saying is indeed true , and crimes were being commited , there are courts , laws books to be uphelp , and a law code to be respected , closing schools , hospitals , firing thousands of people , without acusations and a fair trial and the right to a defense , is not the answer , it gives power that can and in most cases is used for evil . 
  you believe the right thing was done for a better future for a democratic and free turkey , and i dont doubt you belief , but there was no trials no due process , what happens if tommorrow they come after you ? 
  what if there were innocent people among those purged . 
  its a slipery slope , even if you believe its for the good , it was still made the wrong way , wich opens the doors for evil . 
  i saw this before , and it never ends up well . 
  i hope im wrong . 
  if we loose turkey we are all completly fucked beyond return . 
   today the main opposition party chp is making a huge anti-coup protest , and all eu could say is `` this is unacceptable '' . 
  the eu was refering to the purge , not the protests , protests are an important part of any democracy . 
  you are not going to defeat fanatic ideology , by arresting and violating your own laws , you are only creating martirs , and pushing the oposition to the undreground , making it more violent . 
  this is a lesson europe knows better than anyone else in human history . 
  you think democracy , freedom and enlightenment ideals were just for fun ? 
  they were born from the consequences of dictatorship , fascism and imperialism . 
  the eu showed solidarity for the coup ? 
  where did you read that ? 
  or are you just making it up to fit your narrative . 
  the eu is for democracy and freedom , if the turkish government , does not allow any oposing opinions to exist , than its not a democracy even if it was voted so . 
  the dictatorship of the majority is a real thing . 
  ask the germans . 
  i wasnt really that good at history , and would rather play soccer , but i still know most of the history of my country , all the big wars , and things that happenned from the tribesman days , to today . 
  i think you are reaching for something without evidence . 
  the map you showed is a modern map , there were many greek cities within that area . 
  there were also anatolian greeks that lived in that territory since 2000 bc . 
  here is a list of greek cities , you can search by `` turkey '' as the filter . 
  ankara is central turkey , i was refering more to some of the cities of the western coast , alot of them were indeed founded by greeks and later conquered and transformed . 
  mexico city was also an aztec city , conquered by the spanish , you can and should say its history is aztec , and most of its roots are aztec , we cant just erase the past of a city , that history is part of its culture . 
  anatolia was eastern and central turkey . 
  the western coast had been populated by ethnic greeks . 
  it 's almost as if , they were greek cities , founded and built by greeks , later conquered by the ottoman . 
  too real : /, 
  that was way too real ... 
  new history paragraphs, 
  stay safe !, 
  control your social media presence , and keep your loved ones safe , there is no shame in lying to keep your family safe . 
  i knew family members who had to start running for the border after the dictatorship got worse , and they got suspicous , there is no shame in that . 
  the world didnt sanction russia for being a dictatorship , they got sanctioned for attacking ukraine . 
  if the world sanctioned dictatorships , there would be very little countries to trade with , outside the eu and us/canada, 
  i think he was refering , to the trolls on the intertnet that at the smallest sign of problems in a country that was once the enemy of europe , they will denounce all the peace treaties , and say they never changed and will allways be incompatible with the ideals of democracy . 
  refering of course to the past empires . 
  thats my assumption . 
  you would be surprised at how quicly friends go back to their fathers way of thinking , sometimes i wonder if that hatred is genetic after so many centuries of hate . 
  oh well such is life i guess . 
  oh its a little easier than , but still is quite hardcore . 
  yeah i cant even imagine how the gulf countries managed to build a civilization in that area , its an amazing thing just on its own . 
  its desert type of world and they manage to make it work . 
  tecnology helps alot , and the people who have to work outside suffer the most . 
  the more i ear about the world cup the sadder it makes me : /, 
  damm an entire summer in the 40s thats hardcore , it makes sense that water is so important , and the nile is so revered .
