  i dont think your doing the friendship thing the right way : /, 
  well it doesnt make it right . 
  luxembourg is a wasps nest , i guarentee you the day they open luxembourg alot of shit is gon na come out . 
  i wonder if that vote has anything to do with the yax haven part of gibraltar . 
  spain really wants to end that . 
  and i think they should a tax haven in the territory of europe is a disgrace . 
  if you want to play the game you have to play by the majority rules . 
  no one said they were fair . 
  the thing about spain is that at its core its a casle of cards , once one card falls off then the real battle begins ... 
  damm what do they put in it ? 
  drugs ? 
  here its 0,60 $, 
  savage , but what can we expect from those who steal the land of others . 
  i was making a joke , about how sometimes portuguese is so hard to understand specialy with older people , my family is not from the azores , that a whole new level i cant understand xd bless their hearts, 
  sometimes i just wish america went on isolotionist mode for 1 year just 1 year . 
  just like truly old school style isolotionism . 
  just to see the world for what it really is . 
  i think the fact you have a portuguese flair and didnt understand what they were saying makes it 100 % portuguese sometimes i dont even understand what my family says xd, 
  yes that was the law at work , they could get heroin in special rooms provided by government institutions , they also got clean needles and treatment for the addiction . 
  so they didnt have to beg , prostitute them selves or worse for their addiction . 
  basicaly the law made drug users into health patients instead of criminals , wich is a good thing , drug addiction is so sad , when i saw them it almost brough tears to my eyes to see someone who is alive but dead at the same time . 
  i was kidding no need to throw castanholas at me . 
   special fuck you too vice , it would be like them to pretend this policy was 100 % good . 
  i agree it 's good for heroin addicts maybe but in general i 'm still not convinced . 
  this policy has done very good things , it lowered heavy drug use , it lowered prison population , it allowed police to focus on dealers rather then users , lowered needle related health problems , by providing needles , this law pact was incredible important , i remenber when drug addicts were everywhere i live , and now its hard to find one . 
  savage, 
  i bet you like franco too , those damm nationalists !, 
  im kidding by the way , famenco is cool . 
  you just made me laugh , thanks, 
  i do not mean to be the bearer of bad news but unfortunately ataturk as gone to a better place a long time ago . 
  well i never say my name or show my response in a pool , for me it has to be like voting , secret and anonymous . 
  i dont know if the devil baby has already been born or is in the oven . 
  you are correct , that is why i highly doubt the numbers of these kinds of polls . 
  lists last forever . 
  and we never know what will happen in 30 years, 
  i can not speak for central europe but gypsies have been living in the iberian peninsula since atleast 1500s and in portugal and spain the number didnt change much in the last 100 years . 
  knowing the process used for the survey is very importat , in a country where religion plays such an important role , where religous fanatism is not unsusual , i would hide my atheism as best as possible . 
  are those surveys secret and anonymous ? 
  you do realize gypsies have been living in europe since the 500s and there are more gypsies in the iberian peninsual than in romania . 
  they are the best k !, 
  arent the gypsies from india ? 
  you do realize that net contributions are about 1 to 2 % of national budgets right ? 
  even if all net contribuitions were to be stopped the eu would still be very important , as it set trade regulations , production quality assurance , makes international trade much easier and cheaper , and allows much better cooperation , if it works well its like a well oiled machine , where every part focus on its strenghs and adds to the union . 
  there is a number of reasons they can be expelled , britain already made violations as many others did , its just that until now they were not adressed , that will probably change . 
  if enough countries want someone out , it will happen . 
  this map is euro centric , it shows mainly european wars , most likely was made by europeans , alot of wars happened troughout the world . 
  if they block an eu army , i think they might end up being expelled from the eu , wich would be funny after all . 
  no problem . 
   did they first discover the useage of tools and then the develop ability to eat meat ? 
  yes , they started to adapt to a new diet , even today only a % of the world population can process animal milk , and only in populations that historicaly consumed milk based products . 
  the only milk for humans is human milk and only for young humans . 
  humans are the species who suffers the most ( or at all ) from bad cholestherol , clogged arteries , diabetes , osteoporosis , and other deseased related with animal products our body is primarily similar to that of herbivores , the teeth , jaw , eyes , intestines , kidney , even the fact that we sweat is a indication of herbivores , as carnivorous reduce body temp by panting . 
  we have no carnivorous instincts , even most humans can not taste raw meat , we need to cook it to be able to eat it . 
  our taste evolved for vegetables and fruits . 
  one curious thing , if you try you will see that you can move your jaw sideways , that is for grinding seeds and vegetables , or mounth also is very small in relation to your skull , wich is a sign of herbivores . 
  also do not forget to chew your food very well , as our salive has digestive enzymes that start digestion , like hervibores , our digestion starts in our mounths . 
  they didnt eat meat before using tools , early humans diet , was very similar to modern chimpanzees , fruits , plants , seeds and insects . 
  the first proof of eating meat started with the use of stone tools , by the evidence of markings on the bones found . 
  some modern chimpazees have been found to use tools and kill smaller monkeys , very rarely . 
  tools allowed humans to cut meat from bones , and hunt animals , one other hipoteses is that humans could chase an animal for miles by running long distances and wait for it to get tired and attack him with stones . 
  but that would be extremely dangerous for the group and labor intensive , so its most likely very rare . 
  no problem . 
  for the animal count number http://www.adaptt.org/killcounter.html ( remenber these numbers are estimates because many countries dont report or under report , the us alone consumes about 50 billion animals each year , all animals get counted , there is an explanation of the number sources for the estimates . ), 
  for the plagues https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_epidemics you can look trough the list of plagues trough the centuries . 
  only meazles comes from humans , all other plague cause were directly or indirectly related to keeping livestock , such as rodents from animal excrement , and the increasing number of animals living with humans . 
  american societies before columbian exchange did not have these plagues , because they did not have livetock animals to the level europe had , because sheep , cow , goat , pigs and chicken did not exist in america . 
  you can take a look at the columbian exchange to see for yourself https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/columbian_exchange, 
  humans kill 150 billion animals for food each year , 92 % of every animal that gets killed every year its for human consumption or use . 
  regarding the evolutionary influence of meat in human brain development . 
  various studies point out that the big difference was cooking the food , it allowed for better processing of the food , and to conserv it better . 
  meat until very recently was very scarse and job intensive to keep or hunt , meat was consumed by humans in very small quantities , only in special ocasions or dire times . 
  today the avareage human will eat 3000 animals during its life time , that is completly unimaginable in human history . 
  the diet of past humans were primarly vegetarian , from vegetables to fruits , and very small quantities of meat . 
  more research is needed , but i would be willing to wager cooking the food was much more important than the meat humans ate . 
  also meat and the way to produce it brought us deceases we never had before , 2 thirds of the european population died just from various plagues realated to livestock . 
  and also we have developed much better way to process food , and cook it/maintain it , meat or dairy problems give us far more health problems than benefits , at the very least if we would reduce the ammount of meat we consume to previous levels , and pay more for the meat so it has better quality our world would be much better off . 
  but the vegetarians and vegans are already doing the best they can , by showing us the example of living a life to the fullest while respecting out fellow animals . 
  `` do unto others what you have done unto you '', 
  strange you say humans are meat eaters , we have the jaws of herbivores , the intestines of herbivores , the saliva of herbivores , no claws like herbivores , our teeth cant rip flesh but are great for rumination , we cant even hunt animals in the wild without tools . 
  everything about us tells us we are primarily herbivores . 
  oh and the part about treating fellow animals as property , raising them for slaughter houses , killing them by the millions , drink their milk , killing their cubs . 
  while our population gets more and more health problems related to meat such has bad cholesterol , osteoporosis , clogged arteries , kidney stones , clogged intestines , you never see lions with bad cholestherol do you ? 
  when vegetarians have much better health and vegetarian populations do not suffer from the same problems we do . 
  but hey keep eating your sausages if it makes you feel good , just dont call other people crazy when they are doing the right thing . 
  the roman empire never died , just changed continents . 
  this isnt talked that much about in portuguese history because it didnt really matter , i dont remenber any portuguese troops fighting , the people hated the spanish king . 
  the portuguese court cared only about portuguese matters . 
  the only reason portugal even supported one side was because they had the same king , due to dinastic rules . 
  when a better ( portuguese ) king became an adult , they quickly made him king . 
  its as simple as that . 
  again repete after me portugal is not spain . 
   but that is not a spanish idea it was the rule of the time . 
  your joking right ? 
  even franco had a plan to invade portugal , and spanish troops fighting for the nazis were singing songs about franco unifying the peninsula . 
  the iberian union has been a concept share by both the falange and the aristocracy in spain for centuries . 
  lets not kid ourselves here . 
   catalonia was never a kingdom or a country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_counties https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crown_of_aragon saying the spanish union was based on choice is ludicrous and offensive after centuries of peninsular wars . 
  kingdoms of leon and navarre were conquered , and the marriage with aragon sealed the deal , while disrespecting , the self rule the catalan , valencia and majorca had under the aragon crown . 
  the nueva planta centralised power and crushed any resistence while putting castillan culture and language in the top .
