  aha its the same as goals but said in an amazing way, 
  interesting , my whole life i allways heard spanish thinking they are the best . 
  the typical conceited spanish, 
  the saying you are thinking about is `` de espanha nem bom vento nem bom casamento '' i 'm not going to translate because i know you can understand it dont keep pretending spain i know the truth !, 
  also there are alot of spanish jokes , but most are really messed up and mean xd but in short , they are mostly about how the spanish think are they the best and are to rude and full of them selves . 
  nah , they just dont care about anyone else . 
  just romans being romans . 
  well there is in reality no way of knowing , even if they were the `` originals '' we wouldnt know because they could be a falsification made later , or even if they were indeed the originals they could still be just oral history put into books by a scribe . 
  the more you go back in time the more it becames a blur . 
  basicaly if something is older than 1500 years we just go with it and try to make sense of all of it . 
  for example some ancient greek texts are found in bible pages that were reused . 
  but those texts are later translations made a few centuries later , by some rich educated person who is `` believed '' got the original parchments from greece wich there is no way of knowing . 
  and then there is translation errors , wich are very commom , or even languages that are not compatible , some languages dont work the same way and express concepts completly diferently . 
  most original texts are no longer in existence . 
  most `` ancient '' texts come from translations and compendiums made centuries later from other copies . 
  well its not strange at all . 
  most ancient works have unknown or made up authors . 
  normally those works are a collection of oral histories , and revised tales , compendiums and collections . 
  that trough the ages get one single author . 
  such as the abrahamic texts and similars . 
  that made me laugh more than it should . 
  its too good when i think about it . 
  homer 's existence is widely disputed . 
  there is no proof he existed at all . 
  oh i was thinking the high skilled jobs were safe for the near future like 30 years . 
  could you explain what is `` rationalization in the high skilled labor force '' . 
  sorry if its too many questions , im trying to learn more about the subject, 
  ah i see what you mean , so it doesnt really matter if ai gets good enough to replace a massive ammount of lowskilled workers . 
  because if even normal machines replace a small % of the population that % will affect the entire economy and lead to social unrest . 
  i think i understand now . 
  could you please explain your point a bit , i didnt quite understand , sorry my first language isnt english, 
  what has the roman empire ever done for us ? 
  important part , when i started my comment in the beginning i said , `` most likely '' im not in the spanish government , so my opinion is only that , an opinion . 
  but i have been around enough time , and im cynic enough to know everything that is done politically has a purpose , and very rarely is to `` start a conversation '' . 
  again what im saying is just my opinion, 
  plenty of vegetarians eat fish . 
  if he wants to feed a certain civil ambiance to gain something , he knows how to do it . 
  no one that lived those times , needs a statue to remenber what happened and they dont need people telling them how to feel or how it was , they know , they lived it . 
  and for the young ones that never lived it , its not their burden to carry , the sons dont pay the sins of the fathers . 
  lets discuss politics , and not statues of dead people , their dead they no longer exist . 
  build a statue for for the spanish people , build one where people are embracing , use art to show them a better future a possible one , not reminding them of a worse past . 
  but thats just my opinion . 
  another war for nothing , another waste of human life , another misery fest caused by the dreams of emperors of nothing . 
  thousands dead , for what ? 
  for small boys in big man uniforms to dream of a land that was never theirs . 
  and so the show continues as allways . 
  and death keeps smiling as business is booming . 
  most likely it was put there , to stir up hatred , and increase the catoliana nationalist theme . 
  as they are seeking independence . 
  while using the reason `` to start a conversion '' wich really is just bullshit . 
  if china crashes we are all fucked into oblivion . 
  everytime i see these studies about demographic changes . 
  i keep thinking , is everyone aware that in 2050 the world will be so different , that most likely we wont even recognise it . 
  what you just described sounds like a schizofrenic that needs help . 
  i very much doubt china would risk commerical trading with america and europe . 
  just to support a russian war . 
  money talks , and china has more money in america and europe than in russia . 
  i will even risk saying tha china would want a weaker russia to get acess to the warming siberia , and all its ressources . 
  russia and china will have many more disputes over siberia . 
  mark my words . 
  the difference isnt that big to show a corelation . 
  also having sex who results in pregnancy , doesnt mean having more sex . 
  there could be many other factors for conception sex to occur near the end of the year . 
  as is tradition, 
  everyone is hornier is summertime . 
  its called being an animal . 
  `` why is spain and portugal different '' - wars , lots and lots of wars . 
  `` why is portugal so hated '' - we are hated ; _ ; why ?!, 
  what did we do ? 
  that is the most portuguese thing i have ever read . 
  they were paleo but youre the savage ... 
  well that how all kings become kings after all . 
  well now i know where i wil go when everything fucks up . 
  `` as he was leaving , for one last time he looked upon what he once had and sighed , for he knew it was his last look . '', 
  it 's life . 
  i never said spain was falling apart , i said the kingdom is . 
  so because a graphic shows a color of ocupation you assume all it was spoken there was that language or that they had absolute power and made up most of the population ? 
  there were battles happening all the time , the locals were fighting the ocupaying forces constantly . 
  the majority of the population were `` muladies '' wich were native iberians , converted to islam , for various reasons like not paying the special tax , and getting special previleges . 
  because christians and jews could only live in restricted parts of the cities . 
  but these muladies still spoke the regional `` vulgar latin '' and they were still native iberians . 
  arab and berver muslims were the rulling minority . 
  much like the visigods or the suevi before them . 
  the iberians didnt became romans because of roman rule , and the same applies to the arab/berber rule . 
  butthurt ? 
  not at all , i for one think the best thing for spain is to become a federation , a federal monarchy ? 
  that is going to be wierd to see . 
  retire the hole monarchy part , and you might even get an iberian federation , now how fucking awesome would that be . 
  no need to put the double `` o '' in portuguese , i know im poor of money . 
  but rich of heart . 
  im not being petty at all im being realist , we are talking about a piece of land the size of a farm , that is basicaly a rock with rich people living one it . 
  thats makes its money from gambling , and tax avoidance . 
  while at the same time anything they need is provided by spain . 
  now the spanish people are fighting corruption and tax loopholes , the hole eu is riddled with loop holes in the tax code , that need to be fixed . 
  and we all are just going to look the other way and just play the game like gibraltar is this culture hub of persecuted minorities , this is a joke . 
  of course then dont want to be spanish they make money and stay rich from not being spanish they want to keep their way of living no matter who gets fucked , and its allways the tax payer who gets fucked . 
  they all speak spanish , they go to spain when they need anything , the deal they have now its pretty good for them . 
  so lets do this we close all tax havens in europe , close the loop holes , create a joint tax code , and regulate gambling in all the eu and then gibraltar can be whatever it wants . 
  im tired of the elites getting away with fucking the system as much as they want , fuck that . 
  `` gibraltar 's economy is dominated by : financial services , online gambling , '' from the wiki , truly a vibrant and legal economy it seems .
