  keep doing that , it worked great so far . 
  the diference is inside portugal , there is a 800 + year alliance and 1000 + ethnic group , who has cultural roots , historic and language bounds . 
  that why it is a country . 
  and the country works . 
  its a working relationship that took centuries to arrive at what is today . 
  also people vote much more directly on local government . 
  while in the eu parlment 10 million people are represented by 5 to 7 people at best . 
  a country such as portugal will allways be in the background in the european stage , central european leaders make no gains from hearing the portuguese representatives . 
  portugal represents less than 2 % of the eu economy . 
  but every decision the ue makes will affect 100 % of portugal . 
  im not a fan of federations or central governments by definition , as empires they tend to to fall , and create inequality . 
  the smallest countries are the ones who last alot longer , are more stable and unified and take better care of their people . 
  that depends on how much junk food costs . 
  its not so simple . 
  plenty of poor countries with very low obese %, 
  is not a question of being a good or a bad thing , it is the principle of a federation holding power , that a smaller single state does not agree on . 
  let us imagine the eu makes it ilegal to kill animals , for food or otherwise . 
  no animal killing what so ever . 
  that morally would be a good thing , no human being could possible defend that action as imoral or unjust . 
  but still a country like portugal might opose to it , while being forced to adopt it . 
  holding that ammount of power , on a single cultural ethnic group is unjust , imoral and as allways lead to reseintment . 
  simple , if the european union decides in the future , drugs should be ilegal , portugal has to comply . 
  or if the european union decides the eletricity market should be liberalized , portugal is force to accept it . 
  ( the second one happened and it created alot of problems and still does ) the european union can make laws , and if portugal does not follow , fines or sanctions are issued . 
  that is not right . 
  honestly is not just about dreaming , portugal can not afford the euro , we are using a currency that is too expensive for us . 
  sure we get to export cheaper , but alot of the exports could be done here . 
  while we loose alot in the imports . 
  its a constant battle . 
  we need the a cheaper coin , to be able to control economic policies . 
  or the eu gets it act together and normalizes avarage wage and prices . 
  so that the brain drain and inequalities slow a little . 
  portugal has more than 2 million poor people , and that number is growing . 
  the us is not a very good example , states are left abandoned , some cities are completly empty . 
  and population density is on a few big cities . 
  hillary lost the middle . 
  10 million less people voted for the democrats while the republicans got the same votes as 2012 . 
  the same thing can easily happen in the eu . 
  the 2008 crisis and the austeruty in southern europe , showed how broken both the euro and the central bank is , greece was left in the desert , lines of food , massive unemployment with austerity , smaller countries like romania have high unemployment , but cant find people for the jobs vacancies , because the most qualified get their education and migrate to richer eu countries . 
  the smaller fringe states , are constantly under economic and political pressure , while losing the most import part of the population by brain drain . 
  the socialists , and the communists get power by the day . 
  privatizations of important sectors for the local economy . 
  forcing portugal into military actions that we do not agree with . 
  austerity measures or political pressure to make a undesirable government fall . 
  any federation of states has very big problems of equal representation trough population density , centralism , etc. 
  portugal has very specific ideals and rules , strong social secutiry , public healthcare , good public school system . 
  an union where more powerfull states have other ideals can conflit . 
  and push portugal into extremism as a response ( comunists im portugal talk about this all the time , they want out of the euro , and more sovereignty . 
  i agree with what you are saying , but that why we are in the european union . 
  but there is allways one problem , portugal is and will allways be a isolated small country , any union with bigger powers , will push it along their ideals , and put a burden in portugal that is not their to carry . 
  an union had good things but also bad things , its a choice . 
  lets hope youre wrong , because i need a brake , this shit is literaly messing with my health . 
  american ( aka european peasent who couldnt handle europe ), 
  favoring an iberian union doesnt mean they want to be spanish . 
  portugal is in the european union , and i dont see people speaking german or polish around me . 
  i would love some oktober fest, 
  nope , you leave them in water overnight , and change dthe water 2 or 3 times . 
  then you make some of these . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.pingodoce.pt/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/617x370_bacalhau.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.iguaria.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/iguaria-bacalhau-natas-portugal.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( http://www.1001receitas.com/sites/default/files/styles/receita/public/bacalhau-com-espinafres.jpg ) [ 4 ] ( http://receitasnarede.com/content/img/salada+de+gr25c325a3o+de+bico+com+bacalau+e+ovos.jpg ) [ 5 ] ( http://www.atualrevista.com.br/site/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/bacalhau-a-gomes-de-sa-1.jpg ) [ 6 ] ( https://thumbs.web.sapo.io/?w=735&amp;h=1120&amp;crop=face&amp;tv=1&amp;delay_optim=1&amp;epic=v2%3ae0hujp2tjtjyp90d2lsdzylwfte6z%2b89x6%2f0smeny0wpnn0a%2fzpcaoni1b8gb%2b1ulqdvv9zpjpiniahf607ccfe1whsmfsxu8qyzwl73zr%2fw1ecfdszrfz5ovgnflr5g ), 
  you have no idea of what your missing . 
  you dont need terrorists for the political climate of a country to became wild , add mass ammounts of people ( and they can be the nicest people in the world ) , and everything becames a gamble . 
  khadafi said that multiple times ... he was right , morrocco right now is a pressure cooker lid . 
  yeah just start praying to all the gods , the old ones and the new , that morrocco doesnt go full arab spring , or else , you can say goodbye to that notgiveafuckism , cause if marrocco becames the new lybia , they can literaly swim to spain . 
  well when you put it like that ... it does sound tempting to feel the life fading away as one looks into his enemies eyes while piercing him in the name of the emperor . 
  but then i remember i could be sold into slavery , getting robbed or killed at any time , and no birth control so ... nah i 'm still good in the present . 
  i can always play games :p, 
  nah , i rather enjoy penicillin , antibiotics and paid vacations . 
  but i 'm weird like that . 
  i understand what you are saying , the problem is politically , a major change in such a small time frame ( 20 to 30 years ) is almost impossible , right now portugal cant even agree on forest fire preventing policies , or the social security system longevity , let alone new farming technologies . 
  politically both portugal and spain , are in a limbo , divided , very weak or no major party deals for the near future . 
  so without left and right making deals for multiple political cycles , nothing will change . 
  thats our current problem we are too slow for such a quick change happening . 
  and it will take some major disaster and i say major like 20 % of the country suffering directly , for change to be quicker . 
  there are already countries suffering severe droughts who no one is doing nothing to help . 
  i truly have no hope for us in the near future . 
  i am just being honest . 
  from the information i could gather , that method of farming is still in its infancy , not used in large scale production . 
  and requires a big initial invesment . 
  but its an alternative . 
  i dont see it feeding a country in the near future though . 
  the problem is capitalism is influenced by politics . 
  there is already a inbalance in power between north and south . 
  soft and hard power . 
  once you cant feed your population anymore , those who have the food dictate the rules of the game . 
  that has never worked well in the past . 
  politics never stay the same , friends today might be foes tomorrow . 
  the ability to feed your own population is the defining factor in the stability and independence of a nation . 
  you take that and you have nothing . 
  that 's already happening , solar farms are popping up everywhere in the south of portugal . 
  the problems is , everyone has sunlight for free . 
  but you need food to survive , is very risky to give other countries power over your main food supplies . 
  interesting times . 
  his wife was portuguese , he studied in portugal , he could write and speak in perfect portuguese . 
  and there was an assassination attempt when he returned from the americas in lisboa , that the portuguese king protected him from . 
  as the portuguese royal records were lost in the earthquake , so we will never know the truth . 
  he knew what he was doing he did it on purpose to give time to the portuguese . 
  he was not stupid . 
  you joke but there is a theory for decades that columbus did it on purpose , as he was a portuguese spy working against the spanish . 
  upon returning from the americas , he talked to the portuguese king before the spanish one . 
  its their life and loved ones burning in front of them and alot of them cant move because of age , they wont leave them behind .
