   i pay around 120 euros on fuel alone per month for driving 60km per workday . 
  you live 30km away from your workplace , you are probably high middle class living in a house with a backyard , did i got it right ? 
  most ppl i know have enough to rent a room and they say young ppl belong to the intitled generation ... 
  public transportation without social passes discount is expensive just to give you an idea 20 % of my income goes to public transportation , and i still have to walk alot on foot , in the last year there has been more than 2 weeks of strikes where i live , i have seen people sleep near their job to not loose it . 
  cars are very important . 
  they might be a luxury for you not for the majority, 
  im guessing you have enough money to live a comfortable life . 
  buying tickets for public transportation is very expensive if you dont buy the monthly passes or dont have the social discount , also renting a car is very expensive for the avarage middle class , this is putting the burden on the middle once again . 
  have you seen the german machine ? 
  it will be a total bloodshed, 
  you might be in for a suprise . 
  damm 15 years ? 
  you are not that far away , flights are pretty cheap , you only live one time . 
  are you really that naive ? 
  or are you just messing with me . 
  the fact that he doesnt have enough guts to say what he means directly , angers me even more . 
  living in the best place in the world , doesnt mean you enjoy any of it . 
  you are absolutely right , with most political problems , they have an easy solution , but when the political willingess isnt there , it requires a major civil uprising to force a political position , wich it self has many problems and unforeseable consequences both positive and negative , most likely wont happen until there are any major scandals , disasters , or a focused single policy political party that lobbies for it . 
  - plant eucalyptus - make way for new building projects , - celulose industry - private companies rent helicopters to fight fires , the government gives out huge contracts every year . 
  and many more that i dont know about . 
  they are both socialist . 
  dont you get any ideas , im watching you !, 
  is very simple actually , they set fire to forests because of money and business and because the law is weak in handling this crimes . 
  `` visibly '', 
  i dont know what portugal you visisted i think you took a wrong turn somewhere . 
  never lost independence , just kicking a silly filipe out of his grandma 's house . 
  ahah you made me laugh , even our bread and water would make you question your existence . 
  you know nothing . 
  yeah , the man simply blocked laws to fight tax avoidance . 
  and now he is going to be a completely different person i am sure . 
  you people are crazy . 
  i can only laugh seeing the buildings coming down . 
  does a tree fall if no one is listening ? 
  quebec was founded as part of the french crown and under french civil law . 
  it has a french population with french language , and is an recognized autonomous region of canada . 
  it hold a legal referendum in wich it voted to stay in canada . 
  crimea was conquered by the russian empire , and from there its russian population went from 34 % to 67 % in 2014 ( russian sources ) , it had no separatist movements prior to russian anexation . 
  and russia did not demonstrate any desire to do so prior to the ousting of the russian backed ukrainian president . 
  this was simply an anexation with political ends , to stop ukraine from joining the eu as its population wants , and crimea to come close to nato . 
  its the only objective of russia to delay ukraine from joining the eu , nothing more . 
  scotland is already a country that is part of the united kingdom . 
  they have the right by their own constitution to sucssed if they want to . 
  crimea is not a country , is an autonomous republic of the ukraine , the referendum to join russia was illegal , and the anexation a criminal act based on the memorandum signed by russia the us and the uk in 1994 that confirms the autonomous status of crimea as a region of ukraine . 
  its really that simple . 
  there is no historical basis for crimea to be anexed by russia , other than another anexation by russia in the past . 
  by that logic greece could claim crimea or even the venetians . 
  thats not how borders work . 
  one part of the population cant change borders of the entire country . 
  lets say the turkish community in germany claimed a city for turkey ? 
  what would you say then ? 
  your not born to be a job . 
  oppurtunities , life choices and luck put you where you want to be . 
  believe me there is no shortage of doctors ready to enter medical school , its one of the hardest degrees to get into . 
  you really dont know how debt works do you ? 
  if the student leaves the country to study the spot will be taken by someone else . 
  the country doesnt loose anything , and the student goes where he wants to . 
  the brain drain , its not about loosing people , its about loosing the investment . 
  people are free to leave any time they want . 
  they can leave the next day they are born . 
  yes im sure the german doctors are having a hard time find a doctor job in germany . 
  the same way any loan by a bank goes . 
  if you ask a bank for a loan to pay your degree . 
  you start paying after you start working or you graduate . 
  it doesnt matter what country you end up in . 
  your debt doesnt magicaly goes away because you move to japan . 
  the student would have 2 options . 
  if he works a set number of years in his country , the degree is `` payed '' trough working for the community and paying his taxes on his wage . 
  or if he doesnt want to work in the community he can leave to go to another country , and pay the cost of the degree back to the government . 
  as he was a net loss to the tax payers who funded his education . 
  if he doesnt want to be part of this he can just go to a private school in the first place . 
  people seem to think government programs are free , they are not . 
  they are tax funded . 
  the student didnt mind when he got his education for free ( payed by the tax payer ) , and its not communism its socialism . 
  he would start paying the course after he started wroking as a doctor in the new country . 
  when the government payed his course it was under the assumption he would be part of that community , if he leaves its only fair to pay the course . 
  it costs other tax payers money . 
  of germany, 
  or make the option for the student to pay the full course if he wants to not work in the country he was educated in for a set minimum ammount of years . 
  it would be a simple legislation . 
  if the doctor studied in a tax funded school , it can pay the full course , or work a set ammount of years for the system it was educated on . 
  education isnt free , its a government investment on the individual . 
  minimum required public contract work for public funded degrees . 
  or the student can pay the degree in full as if it went to private school and bypass the requirement . 
  or a % of the tax payed by the students and its emplyers in the new country gets sent to the origin country that funded the degree in the first place for a set number of year or a fixed ammount . 
  tax funded education isnt free . 
  its a public investment . 
  where he can make minimum wage at 550 eur a month , so then he can pay the toll to drive in it . 
  he will keep using the free roads build 40 years ago by the dictatorship that are filled with trucks and holes . 
  what a dream !, 
  i was being to kind on the eu they dont even fund new hospitals , but we still dont have doctors to fill the ones we pay for ourselves . 
  http://rr.sapo.pt/noticia/59008/faltam_mais_de_700_especialistas_nos_hospitais_algarve_e_a_zona_mais_carenciada ( the article is talking about the need for at least 700 new doctors specialists . ), 
  that the old flawed argument from the rich central europeists . 
  `` we give them money !, 
  they need to shut up '' where does that money go ? 
  corrupt pockets ? 
  what does ther avarage citizen , with no doctor , no civil enginieer , no teacher , can do with more eu money ? 
  can you cure your sick child with bank bills ? 
  you builf a new hospital with no doctors inside the eu has allways been a fixed game for brussels , they enjoy the high life , set the rules to play , and know they will get the best of the best by offering marshall plan quality of life courtesy of the us . 
  and when they retire they go back home . 
  its clean slate for central europe .
