  franco had an iron fist making castillan mandatory and castillan culture the superior one while going after any separatist movement , such as the basque . 
  that sounds anything but a voluntary union . 
  it was ? 
  im confused . 
  wasnt the 1640 revolt until 1659 ? 
  that spanish idea , that somehow because a county or kingdom enters the spanish union it becomes automaticly spanish is wrong and is the cause of so many wars in the iberian peninsula . 
  understand this . 
  hispania had several kingdoms , those kingdoms some formed new kingdoms others formed new unions , those kingdoms have different cultures and languages . 
  if the catalan counties want independence its their choice , they have a historical and cultural claim to it . 
  spain is a union of kingdoms , wich only exist if the people within it want it too . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  portugal from the beggining wanted no part in that and even after being forced into it dinasticly went to war to get out of it . 
  the catalans have the same right . 
  its as simple as that . 
  basicly the catalan revolt , was agaisnt spain , and got french support , but when king of france was declared the count of barcelona , and french control started to undermine catalan identity , the catalans started pushing the french back , while fighting the spanish , in the end the revolt was crushed , and france and spain signed a treaty to divide the catalan county . 
  this is not the first time , the last time the war lasted 19 years . 
  basically catolia lost , was divided between the french and the spanish and the pyrenees border was created . 
  this is basicly the same movement that never ended just stayed relatively small , until the last 40 years of the cultural freedom provided by the spanish , allowed nationalist polititians to bank on that small movement for their own benefit . 
  nothing new really . 
  this wont end well off course , spanish invested to much money in catalonia to loose its richest region , and other eu countries wont take there chance with old ways of separatism being born . 
  this will be such a shit show , i just hope the iberian peninsula doesnt end up with 26 years of war like the last time ... 
  i understand what you are saying . 
  lets be totaly real here . 
  the eu has 2 main purposes . 
  - stop another european war . 
  and its doing that well . 
  - to make smallers europeans markets into a more powerfull one capable of competing in the world stage . 
  its failing in this regard . 
  if the eu wants to survive it has to be real and honest about what it wants . 
  - 1 - secure european borders with european military , no legal institution exist with well defined and maintain borders , that is how you enforce the law on the land . 
  - 2 - every member of the union is the same . 
  they have the same rights and duties . 
  this means , same budget rules , same oppurtunities , prices , right now european states have widly different standards of living , this creates a migration vaccum that no poorer country can take , its literaly killing the poorer countries . 
  - 3 - no special positions , one rules applies to all , both for good and bad . 
  - 4 - one constitution . 
  - 5 - make every eu proceding or paper in one single language , english and make every school learn english , no more german or dutch or french speaking the eu building , its one on the federation . 
  so everyone understands in real time . 
  but this things will never happen , we will continue divided , german will continue to thing iberians and greeks are lazy , scandinavians will think everyone in europe doesnt deserve shit , and need to work harder . 
  the reality is we are to different , we have very little in common other than some kings and all the wars we fough agaisnt each other . 
  so in the end the eu will fail it might not break but that doesnt matter it will still be a failure , because its easier to fail that to change drasticly like it needs , thats just how it is . 
  probably what will happen is smaller blocks , within the eu and the eu will just be a building where they meet and pretend they agree on some regulations and thats about it . 
  but i think the peace the eu created will continue so i guess it did something good too . 
  ita called the big fish small pond theory . 
  the more a society is prosperous the more pressure there is , so if you fail you feel like a failure . 
  but if you live in a failed society , you dont feel like a failure at all , even if you are . 
  thats why rich countries have more suicides . 
  the presure is on . 
  fuck thats sad , that gave me melancholy : / im gon na lay down in the sunny beach and enjoy my portuguese food . 
  life is hard, 
  that is why most of the corruption cases right now on public attention are related to eu funds . 
  you are right the uk does not have the same problem with corruption as portugal uk is number 10 and portugal 28 http://www.transparency.org/cpi2015 that doesnt mean the uk doesnt have problems too . 
  or lack of transparency in some areas . 
  still my point stands , until a detailed study is made on what do citizens in those areas are more concerned with , the society at large will keep dismissing their concerns , simplify their issues by creating dicotomies , and plow the field for extreme parties to sow , left or right , they share the same basic idea , end the statuos quo , class revolution . 
  that would be great , can we do that ? 
  i want all eu money to stop . 
  and for the special force created this month to fight corruption to get the funding from the state . 
  so we can start cleaning these fuckers from the face of earth . 
  i kid you not , one corrupt fucker asked the police to suspend his weekly presetation on the police station so that he could go on vacation , this is rich baker accused stealing millions to offshore accounts , and funding his own companies . 
   would n't it be more honest to blame your corrupt countrymen or yourselves for electing your government ? 
  thats a national sport . 
  believe me there is no one in the world who speaks more badly about the portuguese than the portuguese . 
  literaly its dayli . 
  but the eu has to stop giving money with no accountability , they cant just pump money into a society with high levels of corruption and then wish upon the stars everything goes well . 
  i only have the article in portuguese , but recently they made a poll , only 9 % of the citizens in portugal , could name one project the eu funded that improved their lives . 
  again i reapeat , i never said its the fault of the eu for the corruption , strawmans are being raised left and right here . 
  what im saying is the money as to stop flowing in order for the fight agaisnt corruption to be effective . 
  that money as no accountability it doesnt belong to a bank or the state . 
  i will give you an example . 
  the police is investigating 25 million eur , from eu funds to agricultural development , that desapeared , they say its a very complex crime and tis taking 2 years just to get all the proff . 
  this is one case of so many that happened in recent years . 
  `` therefore , subsidies granted to individuals or general measures open to all enterprises are not covered by this prohibition and do not constitute state aid ( examples include general taxation measures or employment legislation ) . '', 
  im am not saying the eu is responsible for the corruption . 
  what i was saying is the money from the eu has no national accountability and it ends up fuealing and entire industry of corruption . 
  thats the problems , its not the directly the fault of the eu , but if you keep giving drugs to and addict you also are to blame for his addiction . 
  im from portugal i should have clarified my bad . 
  the problem here is simple , in your statement , you paint this as a back and white problem , literaly . 
  everyone that oposes the eu must be uneducated , racist , bigot or xenophobic , they are lazy taking in government money , and the immigrants who are doing good are just better . 
  yet time and time again no one cares to go those isolated comunities and really ask them whats hapening . 
  in the end of the day this is politics , we have a saying `` the wife of ceaser cant only be good , she has to look good '' or something like that . 
  if the eu wants the loyalty of the eu citizens , it needs to earn it , because they dont have the benefict of sharing ethnicities . 
  right now the eu is a bunch of upper class 5000 eur a month politians on tv speaking a foreign language ( that sounds scary and crazy ) , saying how countries who are doing bad are lazy and corrupt , and we need to let everyone in to this `` paradise '' . 
  asking to end borders . 
  thats what the eu is to alot of people . 
  the extremes are filling in the void little by little , and the extremes are the ones who will fuck us . 
  `` the eu gives funding to the uk through various channels , the main ones being the european regional development fund , the european social fund and two agricultural funds . '', 
  `` between 2007 and 2013 the north east of england received over # 200m of european social funds to provide training and apprenticeships for the unemployed '' i would love to see what this `` trainging '' is , because in portugal it was a mass scandal of corruption between `` training centers '' and a method to lower unemployment figures , while not teaching anythign at all . 
  first i never said it would solve the problem . 
  but that isnt even the question . 
  in your counter argument , filled with strawmans , false comparisons , and personal attacks , you missed the whole point . 
  but thats okay has i am quite used to it . 
  i will just say this , my country 's extreme left wing has got into power for the first time with the comunist 's ( all of them are anti eu ) , spain is in the worst political crises since franco , with the extreme left holding political ransom . 
  greece holds by a thread , and italy has the 2nd biggest debt in europe . 
  the votes will show what people think , as they allways do . 
  well first , the eu forces laws so cheap outside labor is easier to enter , and stay . 
  while controling quotas , and even payment for `` reducing '' production ( wich is insane ) the money doesnt come from the state or banks , so there is no accountability , when money comes from the state they have to employ a certain number of people directly from the unemployment offices . 
  second , its cheaper money , than from a bank loan so its unfair competition , for those who cant get eu funds . 
  its 2 different realities under the same market . 
  i was working for a eu funded project literaly the manager of the project didnt wanted to take care of all the paperwork , so he just stoped the project , the company i was working with had invested time into the project after a contract had been signed and waiting payment , the payment never came , company was small couldnt take it while the court procedings were happening , we all got fired . 
  i know more stories like this if you want , i have many many more . 
   structural development funds are for business .
