  i guess we really dont have that in much in common at all . 
  isnt there a limit to mandates for chancelor ? 
  seems like a dangerous game for any country to keep electing the same politians . 
  it nurtures nepotism , if long madates are part of the overlaying culture . 
  thats almost logisticly impossible , its nice on paper , but there are thousands of factories in the developing world . 
  you could just make it mandatory for any european products to be made in europe , that way you would know where they come from , and control the work conditions , but then the globalists would call you a isolationist . 
  so you can never win . 
  the olympics in the world stage really dont mean anything . 
  the world manage to appropriate something that was incredible important for greek culture , and turn it into the shit show it is today . 
  corruption , lack of respect , for profit and politicized . 
  what a shit show indeed , zeus must be rolling over in olympus . 
   you first started talking about an eu army , that 's why i excluded the uk . 
  i specificly refered to an european army . 
  not eu . 
   i remember hitler trying to bargain with the uk so it did n't enter the war . 
  he could bargain all he wanted it wouldnt change the uk entering the war , if hitler got europe , the uk was next . 
  it was survival . 
   it depends if they 're in nato . 
  if they 're not then the uk has no obligation to protect that country . 
  one thing is having a formal obligation , wich they still can skip if they want , its not like law , noone would come for them if the uk didnt help a nato country . 
  the teatries and nato are built on a `` i need you to be at peace to make business with me '' rule . 
  if europe was invaded for real , the uk business was at risk , imports/exports , their own expats living in europe , their investments in europe , and their own future would be at risk . 
  western europe is a single block , you cant just take one country out and its business as usual , there would be millions of refugges fleeing to the uk , mass starvation , economic colapse in the uk . 
  its not going to be like russia saying `` hey uk im just going to make a european genocide , invade a couple of countries , make a few new dictatorships , pupet states , create a refugee crisis , destroys entire cities , but we are cool right , you are just going to watch ,  '' and the uk just smiles and nods . 
  thats not going to happen , if europe gets invade , it will be total war . 
  civilizations would cease to exist . 
  nuclear winter would follow , ww2 would look like childs play compared to this . 
  the level of weaponry we have now its so scary , that even putin said we have to be carefull with the state of affairs . 
   that 's ridiculous . 
  even a quick google shows just how large russia 's military is to poland 's . 
  the last time poland and russia went into war as nations , poland won ... with less soldiers . 
  but if you are refering to the 15,000 russian nuclear bombs , if russian drops one single bomb , the mad theory happens and half the world population vanishes . 
  - france 207,000 - italy 183,465 - germany 178,800 - uk 153,730 - spain 121,848 - greece 113,517 - poland 99,500 remenber this is peace time numbers , in a year any of these countries could easily get above 1 million soldiers . 
  its interesting to see how much you dont know about european politics to say the uk would just sit and watch russia or china invade europe . 
  you do know hitler was beting on the uk just letting him march trough europe , and then we all know how that turned out ... 
  the uk voted to leave the eu not europe , the south of europe if full of uk retiree living and enjoying life , what makes you think they wouldnt support protecting europe ? 
  russia doesnt even have the power to take on poland let alone europe . 
  the only reason russia barks so much , is because thats the only way the regime survives , they need to make up and enemy to scare russians into submission , `` accept the regime it protects you from the evil westerners . '', 
  that about it really , but russia is doomed as long as it tries to maintain a intercontinetal country wich it doesnt have money to make function . 
  if china just wanted to get bigger and take the asian part of russia , they would just watch china take it all . 
  and siveria melts , and the natural riches become reachable you can bet the hans are going to march north . 
  i see a sino-soviet war much more likely than a russian invantion of europe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union you really think europe doesnt have an army ? 
  the army of the eu is about 1,5 million active soldiers , and thats after 70 years of peace , imagine if there was a threat , or there was no nato . 
  russia has 845,000 active soldiers , and we are not even talking about the war machine the eu would be capable of making , by having top universities , and facilites . 
  no one wants europe at war , not even russia , all their politics are about containing europe , not attacking it , russia is scared , the problem is in history when europe gets messed up a new chapter is added to the books , and its not a happy one . 
  nato wasnt just to protect europe from the soviets , it was to not let hitler be born again ... marshall said wisely when justifying the marshall plan , its in the interest of the world for europe to be viable , the same mistakes cant be made again . 
  but the next decade is going to see major demographic changes in the us , and politics is based on demographics so there is no future for nato , europe is already preparing for that . 
  who is loosing their minds ? 
  as far as i know in portugal when the us started downsizing their base in the azores to cut spending , no one cared , the only concerned people where the ones who worked at the base , they need to get new jobs ... who is going to invade europe ? 
  china ? 
  france alone has 300 nukes while selling warships to russia . 
  you really think a country invades a 500 million union , and lives to tell the story ? 
  good luck with that . 
  the eu is already talking about a european military . 
  quite frankly i dont really know if the ue should have a joint military , its too much power on the hands of basicly mid level burocrats . 
  the president of the eu ir a former mayor for god sake xd dont you worry about the eu we are doing fine . 
  how many american soldiers have died in nato countries since the nato agreement ? 
  cause in return for nato the us gets to put army bases on all the countries , and use them for they political games and military interventions that benefit them , and nato countries pretty much have to support them in their crazy wars . 
  yeah ... america really did made a bad deal / s, 
  `` father we are making a book for our religion to spread in europe , but the old texts say , drinking will get you hell , what do we do ? '', 
  `` a new book , my son ... you make a new book ... '' eh , they knew what they were getting in when they brougth monotheism into europe . 
  it was about 14 % of eligible adults , for a statistc is farly large pool . 
  of course all depends on the demographics , if the votes were not demographicly diverse then the vote bears much less statistic significance . 
  still the democrats only had 2 candidates wich it self is bad for any political discourse . 
  then american society at large has a bigger problem than trump itself , if a politician can become a national candidate to the highest political position of the state trough a major political party by using logical falacies , the guilt lies in the state it self because it is its primary function to form citizens trough education , to provide them the tools to see and identify falacies and to filter them . 
  what policy has he defended that achieves that goal ? 
  what doest he mean by `` great again '' . 
  for me it sounds very much like an appeal to emotion , more than a political platform . 
  i think you replyed to the wrong person i never said that phrase youre quoting . 
  putting troops in ukraine to protect the country is not putting russia existence at risk , and they know it . 
  defending is not attacking . 
  every point i made was to show you how the west created or shaped the concept of democracy and social liberalism around the globe . 
  you acuse me of `` whataboutism '' a soviet strategy to justify its bad politics , interesting . 
  with japan i was pointing out how western ideals had shaped its political views and made it todays model for asia . 
  regarding the argentina you reference i just want to point out , that those argentinian presidents were the most europeans ones argentina ever had , they believed in european liberalism and admired european philosophy while creating european staffed universities . 
  again i repete every argument you make just points out that the countries and periods of said countries where democracy and liberalism had its golden age were directly created or influenced by western philosophy and ideals . 
  if you think the conversation is pointless that just shows you missed the point . 
   japan was westernised . 
  but it 's not west . 
  it 's new definition/benchmark for the east . 
  dont you find it interesting that by your own words , the most westernised country in the east its now the definition/benchmark for that entire region . 
   russia changed dramatically over past 300-200 hundred years under western europe influence . 
  are they west ? 
  not really russia was barely influenced by western philosophy and political discourse . 
  it was for most of its history either a small city state or part of the monghol empire . 
  even christianity was understood diferently there . 
  russia is not and never was west . 
  i consider today 's turkey much more west than russia ( even considering recent events ) . 
   europe itself borrowed , claimed many things from the east and made it their own . 
  much of the things europe `` borrowed from the east '' were themselves greek literature and knowledge that the middle easterns ( in an amazing move ) saved and studyed before of course the religious revolution that unfornutetly stoped almost all arab research ( one of the great mistakes of humanity but thats for another day )  and a century ago people were fleeing europe to countries of latin america . 
  like argentina that was wealthier than 90 % of europe at that time , before panama 's canal . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  those europeans werent fleeing bad countries they were fleeing to lawless lands . 
  portugal had outlawed slavery in its main kingdom , but couldnt enforce it on its colonies , many criminals , and slave masters went to brasil to keep enslaving people , even the emperor of brasil was ashamed of the slavery and agaisnt it . 
  and the same was happening in the rest of south america , the revolutionary bolivar was educated on european philosophy in spain , it was a lover of humanism , and his humanist ideals were built while in europe . 
  the democracy ideal in south america was born in europe , of course it was then corrupted but thats another story . 
   the ideas of communism were born in germany in 19 century . 
  therefore , it is by definition a western ideology . 
  communism , democracy , fascism are all european creations .
