  whereas free market is not something unique to europe and first records of it stem from mesopotamia and babylon . 
  of course communism was born in the west , almost all organised political ideologies were born in the west , fascism , socialism , communism , libertarianism , capitalism . 
  political discourse was a western ideal , western philosophers were studying and compiling knowledge to better understand the human condition , marx right after the communist manifesto said it would be an utopia , just an ideal . 
  communism is a part of the west such as fascism but those are just part of a bigger picture , you need the bad to find the good , communism or fascism werent suposed to be used as weapons of genecide , its like saying a gun kills people . 
  they are just ideas , ideas cant kill . 
   whereas free market is not something unique to europe and first records of it stem from mesopotamia and babylon . 
  every human being was using free market even before language . 
  capitalism just made a organized political movement out of it . 
  its the same as using a rock to cut trees , but then someone making that same rock into an axe and cutting much more trees , free market existed , capitalism just made it function much more effectivly . 
   brought to you by fox tv i never watched fox tv in my entire life . 
  i dont live in america . 
  most south american countries , historicly did not like the west or its values , most of south american history and culture is based on comunist and socialist ideals , only in recent times they started accepting free market ideology . 
  while seeing the west as their capitalist enemy , millions of south americans fleed to europe and north america for a better life . 
  japan after ww2 was westernized , its constitution , law code , and market pratices were based on western ideals , the same can be said for south korea . 
  today those 2 countries are world super powers of course with their own styles of living . 
  today there are a few more democratic and free countries in the world , ( counting western countries , about 30 % of the world is democratic - 50 countries more or less ) , but saying those countries become democratic without being influenced by the west is completing dismissing reality . 
  nope , they just know as long as they take little bites and keep the pressure on the eu noone will care . 
  its a small steps game . 
  the idea is not to take ukraine but to make eu or nato expansion impossible . 
  youre crazy if you think russia would risk that , they know if they loose the 2 major cities they are gone . 
  it would be suicide from both sides . 
  a simple position of troops in ukraine would be enough to send a message to the kremlin . 
  here you forgot the '' / s '' at the end, 
  well if she goes back on most of her campaign points , that would be amazingly catastrophic for the democrats . 
  from an outside prespective the last us presidents you kinda knew what they were about . 
  for good or bad . 
  hillary as changed so much that i have no idea , she did a complete 180 shift , from voting in the iraq war twice and being agaisnt gay marriage , to today . 
  now there is one thing that never changes , the money , the money was allways there . 
  i have no idea what trump is or stands for , its so many lies that i cant even tell anymore . 
  i guess they were good times , for the desire to go back being so big \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  its easier to shift blame then to face your own problems , you just move to a better society , and then create this mystical version of your homeland , that never existed , its the same with old movies , tv shows or games , where bad games becomes `` good '' by the virtue of being old . 
  specialy on social media , you can see these bubles people live in , where they criticize and vilify a movie if it fails to achive their made up standards of `` its 2016 '' , while up holding countries and cultures which literaly murder people for seaking basic freedoms . 
  what shocked me the most was seeing an old woman on tv defend the stalin regime for 20 minutes saying she dreamed it would come back , and it would spread around the world . 
   they would , probably , struggle to find both countries on the map that is part of why they use the `` west '' word , its a monolith word , for most people around the world it represents the white man imperialism and colonization . 
  it represents capitalism . 
  so its used by polititians around the globe to point fingers and shift blame . 
  like is south america , if anything goes wrong its the fault of the west , its all because of the west . 
  this all happens while their family members who were lucky enough to flee to the west countries , send them money back , or the country negotiates in dollars . 
  even the scandinavian countries are starting to be portrayed as racist and a represetation of west `` corrupt tentacles '' , just by them wanting to control immigration and borders . 
  its called `` realpolitik '' its a doctrine of doing politics that are agaisnt ones morality or rules , for pragmatic reasons . 
  its ironic because turkey is doing what america did since ww2 , youre supporting fascist or undemocratic states for your own benefit . 
  the military marches come with political prisons and neo fascism on the side !, 
  is a really complete meal !, 
  to me its allways amazing how so many countries in the world hate the west to death , when the west is where most run for freedom and safety , and has the biggest humanitarian missions . 
  but are ah okay with dictatorships , fascist regimes and comunism . 
  it blows my mind . 
  i guess people like the undergod even if they burn cities to the ground . 
  honestly the extradition request will be handled by hillary , when she becomes president , and she is a `` realpolitik '' style of polititian , so there is a big chance she wil accept the extradition in exchange for turkey cooperation . 
  or she could just fuck everything up , she is a wild card after all . 
  they keep planting fucking eucalyptus !!, 
  im sick of eucalyptus everywhere , they are and invasive species !, 
  fuck my life . 
  if portugal was being invaded , the next day i would be voluntering for the army , no doubt . 
  refugees and muslims face racism not xenophobia , lets not kid ourselves , a blonde white muslim doest face problems in europe . 
  xenophobia in western europe agaisnt estern europe is a long european tradition , and most often attached to classism . 
  my third day in the uk i got the `` go back to your country '' talk in the middle of the street . 
  i was like oh okay so thats what xenophobia feels like . 
  oh im sure the a/b class system you purpose would do wonders for xenophobia levels within the eu . 
  / s the moment the south creates a union the eu is burried in the ground , for the next century . 
  this is nothing new . 
  the spanish did the same thing to portuguese milk in galicia , they attacked milk trucks and drained the milk to the streets . 
  this will only hurt the eu project . 
  any union winthin the eu is a strike agaisnt the eu , its a divisive move . 
  even the northen alliances are wrong . 
  if you acept the eu than you have to treat all the other eu members the same way . 
  at night with poor ilumination , it might very well look like a gun from the other side of the street . 
  just takes someone on the edge , to start yelling and everyone will go insane . 
  you realize terrorists wear regular cloths right ? 
  the silliest ones, 
  horray for you !, 
  shit happens, 
  there have been experiments about how just one person fleing a scene and yelling can cause mass hysteria and multiple injuries . 
  humans are still animals , such is life . 
  its called `` not wanting to get shot in a possible terrorist attack '' i know its a wierd concept right ? 
  yeah , because walking during the night , with poor vision condiditons , seeing a group of people holding metal sticks chasing someone in a crowded street , after the recent events . 
  your reaction would be to just be cool about it right?smh, 
  so they just get in a group holding dark metal sticks during the night in a crowed street , chasing someone and you expect people to just hang around and be cool . 
  what they did reached new levels of stupid . 
  he is talking bullshit ( forgive me my french ) there were hundreds of bath houses in europe even in the middle ages , this comes from the old myth of the `` filthy europeans '' . 
  because they equeate the clusterfuck that was some europeans capitals due to their size , with the majority of europe . 
  its like assuming france is paris . 
  he shares the same opinion of alot of western youth , who never really experience life outside the western boundaries , and so have nothing to compare to , and due to internalized guilt protect themselves from criticism under the anti-nationalist umbrela , because to them nationalism = fascism . 
  western society has alot to blame , after decades trying to shame nationalism in order to combat fascism ( wich makes no sense ) now hopes its western ideals be defended by the same youth it though to avoid it . 
  you cant demonize nationalism and patriotism , and then expect people to defend it , when others want to destroy it . 
  they took the exceptional times as the rule . 
  nationalism is not about caring for individuals , its about caring and nurturing the ideals and culture the comunity has built trough the ages . 
  its when you apreciate civil rights activists for their work to make their society better and work towards keeping those acomplishments and build on them . 
  by what you said above you only care about people you like , even if your neighbor that shares de same culture , ideals , education , language , you still dont care about them because you dont know them even though you both share the same street , so you are a nationalist , you just choose to be a nationalist with your group of internet friends , i dont see much diference . 
  a country is just a comunity of people defined by border who share a common culture and heritage . 
   keeping a dysfunctional status quo . 
  what dysfunctional status quo , catalonia is one of the richest regions in spain , protected culture and heritage , the same right as anyother spaniar , going trough their best phase in history . 
  part of the eu you talk like catalonia is south sudan , go easy on the movies and presecution fantasies , catalonians are not a persecuted minority . 
  if catalonia goes into full recession and financial crises , due to unilateral indepence , its their own doing noone else to blame . 
  exacly the same thing that will happen with the brits after brexit . 
  and be sure spain will do everything it can to make sure the lives of the spaniards who want to be part of spain will be secured . 
  you do know what happened in the ussr after the dissolution right ? 
  ^ found the american !, 
  i would even add , people who like monarchs are the most european , since most monarchs are from the same family , wich is the most european family in existence . 
  if you want to go back 400 years on the clock , its only fair that i treat spain by the name it had during those times . 
  without aragon , spain is castille .
