  yeah and when gibraltar needs drinkable water , eletricity , food , or basicaly anything that isnt in the rock . 
  the uk will for sure send a boat full of things for them . 
  its going to be even better when the tax haven is blocked once eu starts cracking down on tax loopholes . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  madrid is gon na need galiza , once catalonia its most rich region goes full independent next year . 
  and the kingdom starts falling apart . 
  good luck, 
   then the whole spain is a colony because this was the method used in the reconquista . 
  that is some a grade level bullshit , the native populations of the iberian peninsual were living in the peninsula under muslim rule , that is why the reconquista was so sucessfull , even after the reconquista , it took centuries to take muslim rules out of the peoples minds . 
  as they had been for so many years under their rule . 
  this time , climate change is on spain 's side . 
  surely you must mean the village was speaking macedonian right ? 
  i understand your point , but then wouldnt it be more fair to take down all the statues that are in existence ? 
  surely they were bigots , homophobes , beat their wives , and killed people in wars . 
  if we are using the same logic of not raising statues to bad people by todays standards who can pass the test ? 
  einstein was pretty awfull to his wife , ghandi was an open racist and slepts with young girls and mandela organized terrorist bombings that killed women and children , and also received money as president from the dictators of lybia and indonesia , as well as nigeria . 
  and these 3 people still did alot of good to the world . 
  so how do we choose ? 
  again , you make bold claims , that came directly from 2 captains that wanted the riches of the new world , and to take columbus out of the governor position they had all the reasons to make false claims . 
  if you have any source for such claims , or any monarchy decision on the matter , as he was summuned back to spain where he was put on trial , but if i recall he wasnt found guilty . 
  but ended up dieng short after . 
  he was in the new world for a total of less than 4 years . 
  im am not saying you didnt know or demeaning your experience of it as it most likely affected you more than me . 
  i was merely stating that the arab slave trade existed , lasted longer and it was more brutal by the nature of it ( castration and sexual slavery ) and while crossing the desert to arabia millions died , as they did in the slave ships . 
  i was just pointing out that there are no innocents here among the conquerers , that history has no heroes . 
  as it allways was before . 
  its up to us to do better and to be better to each other than those that came before us . 
  i have no heroes from the past , im not a idealist , or hold false idols . 
  but i am agaisnt using past events for present political gains . 
  i agree , they were indeed eradicated , and many captains said it would be impossible for so few spanish soldiers to eradicate so quickly , and that most of the death were due to decease . 
  now there is a big difference between eradication trough decease and war . 
  were the spanish guilty of atrocities , slavery and killing , yes as were the portuguese and all other conquerers in humans history , did they eradicated an entire ethnic group of existence purposefully and systematically ? 
  there is no proof of that . 
  but i want to learn more if i find any sources for such claim i will of course educate myself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_slave_trade the arab slave trade lasted until the 20 century . 
  the slaves were castred so not to reproduce . 
   10 to 18 million people were bought by arab slave traders i am by no means justifying atlantic slave trade , it was genocide and wrong , and a wound in history , that will never be fully healed . 
  arab slave trade - 8th to 20th century atlantic slave trade - 16th to 18th/19th century, 
  do you have any sources for that ? 
  cause as far as i know he was in america for a total of 3 years , and most of the claims of criminal behaviour about him came from 3 people who wanted to get his wealth and power . 
  i am not calling you a liar , just asking for a source as i also want to learn more about the subject . 
   in fact , the whole slave trade would n't have happened . 
  that is infact false . 
  there was already the arab slave trade in africa and southern europe . 
  eastern europe also had slave trade . 
  basicly there were slave trades in every region of the old world . 
  the iberian peninsula south coast was pretty much deserted from all the slave ship kidnaping locals . 
  would the number be less without the discovery of the new world ? 
  yes , until it was eventualy discovered by the asians or the europeans , than the same thing would have happened . 
  the thing that destroyed the new world civilizations was decease , that any people from the old world carried , the europeans were just the first to get there and pass the virus . 
  again im not justifying wrong doings or conquering . 
  im stating facts and reality . 
  you are most likely right , but to me its very interesting , since the colonial population living in africa were evacuated and all their possessions taken away , because they were considerend an ocupying population . 
  again i must point out , if the irish `` looked different '' than the british this would be a completly different issue . 
  to be honest geography ends up winning and eventualy the island will be united , most likely by force , wich is a shame but it happened before many many times . 
  geography allwats makes the rules . 
  i understand what you are saying , but indolge me for a second , and lets apply that logic to any other case in history . 
  there were several colonies in foreign lands before , and they did use the same logic of self determination by age , to justify ocupation . 
  i will be direct for a second , if the irish were non-white , would we say the same ? 
  is it ok for the british to divide an island and create a minorty in order to hold power ? 
  isnt that exacly what the european colonisers did in africa or asia?you see what i mean . 
  to me the only difference is the british `` look '' the same as the irish . 
  if they looked different this all thing would be completly different . 
  it might seem a silly comparison , but when you see irish history , and you start to learn about occupation , wars , famine , and the entire political that the british held . 
  it starts to make alot of sense to see ni as a british colony . 
  no at all , everyone should get a vote , its a democracy , but if the majority wants reunification than its only fair for that to happen . 
  but lets say for a minute that the europeans colonial populations had the majority , on their colonies , would they have the right to rule those colonies for being the majority ? 
  you see its not so simple as `` being the majority '' . 
  do european/african americans have the right to ocupy and put native in reserves because they are the majority ? 
  i understand what you are saying , but that to me sounds alot like the dutch in south afrika that wanted the apartheid to maintain `` white afrika '' . 
  sure in ireland 's case is a bit tricky because they are more closely related , but i wonder if the native irish looked more `` different '' than the british if this wouldnt just be called colonialism . 
  was n't the hre riddle with wars and internal infighting between smaller regions ? 
  i dont want to seem disrespectfull in any way it is not my goal . 
  but if i recall correctly isnt most northern irish that identify as british , the protestant settlers that entered ireland in the 17 century ? 
  and most catholics in northern ireland identify as irish . 
  do those british settlers wich i supose are a minority in the island have the right to divide the island ? 
  but if i am not mistaken english is the de facto main language for government and business , would n't it be seen as a good thing if it helped unify the island , as having an island unified would be very good for business and land management . 
  a divided island is just logistacly not very efficient . 
  wouldnt a federation defeat the purpose of the monarchy as a unifying factor ? 
  wouldnt the king still keep all his property on the various nations that are part of the federation ? 
  what a wierd thing that would be at that point it would just be easier to go for irish reunification . 
  to be honest i never understood why the island doesnt unify . 
  it is becoming more and more secular , so religion is not as big power as it once was . 
  both speak english and all . 
  but they know that is almost impossible without getting out from the eu , thats why the president of catalonia just a few days ago said that after the next referendum they will seek for a spanish federation solution . 
  if the ni deal works , than spain might very likely become a federation , but for that the king would have to relinquished the crown . 
  good luck with that . 
  but then if eu citizens can get into ni , wouldnt they be able to go into the uk as well ? 
  or would the uk havea border with ni ? 
  so let me see if i got it , ni still remains part of the uk , but at the same time part of the eu , the uk sends money to ni , and the eu sends money to ni , ni gets open border with ireland and the uk at the same time . 
  what a cluster fuck if i have saw one . 
  well you are a spaniard you tell us ... 
  its eitheir the us or russia , who do you prefer ? 
  glad to know it got alot better in the present . 
  no one deserves such hate for just living their life without hurting anyone . 
  what a waste of cinnamon . 
  damm barbarians, 
  thats really messed up : s, 
  only the sudden realization of mortality and loneliness =d, 
  ah you bunch of pleebs,
