we all as europeans , now more than ever , need to come together to protect our ideals of democracy , we are becoming alone now . 
  there is already a middle language called `` interlingua '', 
  i just want to make clear , only the elite of the time , views salazar with nostalgic romanticism . 
  99 % of the country suffered tremendously , alot of them almost slaves in their own country , children where working the mines while being forced to buy food from their `` masters '' . 
  it was really bad , people were born and died without even a name . 
  they wouldnt even stop to eat . 
  the women would make their necessities in the work fields . 
  the man forced to go to war , alot of them it was their first time wearing shoes . 
  damm ... i got shills reading that sentence ... 
   no political body has defied corporate trade deals and corporate corruption as much as the eu has . 
  yeah ... the new ceta deal lets corporations sue countries ... 
  portuguese food - google it , you wont regret it . 
  i didnt said it wasnt true , just that it was used to sell an overgall propaganda that the eu is an institution of secret deals and lies . 
  wich is not the case for the entire instituition . 
   the socialist party can make a right wing budget and the right wing parties psd and cds would vote in favor . 
  that would be political suicide , since he only got into power , bbuy saying he would never support right wing policies . 
   the communists and the leftists do n't have that much power . 
  it 's just that the socialist party has chosen to make left-leaning budgets in this legislature . 
  edit : so far . 
  the only reason the socialists are in power , is because they stopped the wrigh wing policies/austerity ( wich the socialists also negotiates with troika . 
  but that for another day ) . 
  so if the socialists do a deal with the right wing , they will losse a big part of their voter base and the left wing parties would call them right wing as well . 
   i really do n't think that . 
  if one of the leftist parties stops to support the gov they 'll be punished by the electorate when there 's the danger of a right wing gov or a grand coalition . 
  the left wing voter base is not in any way voting for the right wing or the socialists , the left wings parties are much more secure in their voter base . 
  ps and psd are the ones who pull in the 30 % numbers , but at the same time are the ones who loose or gain the most votes . 
  for sure , if the government failed , ps would suffer more , as its their government , their miniters , and the left will acuse them of being right wing . 
   i mean look at next year 's budget where ps managed to continue with spending reduction while making small concessions to the left . 
  alot of the measures in this new budget are from the left wing parties specialy the more popular ones , increase pensions and social welfare . 
  well the ps ( socialist ) voter base , can easily be sway to the left . 
  if the left wing does their job informing the public about the alternative outside euro . 
  this younger communist mp 's know they will have to wear the suit and tie in order to pull the left-center voters , by doing issue by issue politics . 
   how long will the portuguese accept no growth ? 
  seems like italy , greece , portugal have already accepted this situation for about a decade . 
  the tragedy is that it seems like they will accept it for another decade . 
  they could take it because the family would help but not its different , the parents have problems too . 
  the family safety net is almost gone . 
  2 million portuguese leave in poverty ( no money for 2 meals a day ) . 
  this people will vote for deep change . 
   personally i think that the eu and the euro are not really two different things , because the eu does not accept that bits of the acquis can be rolled back . 
  i think the reality is that if portugal leaves the euro , they also leave the eu . 
  but perhaps it makes sense as a political tactic to try and separate the two . 
  well denmark and other countries are part of the single market and not the euro . 
  so i think its possible if done well . 
  for the eu it doesnt make much of a difference portugal is only 2 % of the economy , but for portugal will change everything , so i believe the eu can accept it . 
  with the narrative . 
  `` portugal as not ready for the euro ''  anyway , this is all really interesting and from my side of the anglo-portuguese alliance i hope that the uk can stand by portugal next time you need us . 
  well that all depends of the uk , ( lets be real ) portugal is too small for the uk to care that much , but i know portuguese politics allways see with good eyes better economic relationship with the uk . 
   the national budget only passes as well if the minority government party who wrote it wants to . 
  if the left wing parties stretch the rope too far the government falls . 
  but the government are the ones in the worst position , as they are the government , the left wing parties can just say , `` the budget failed because they are the same as the right wing '' . 
  the left wing has the upper hand in the negotiations . 
   i doubt the left wing will grow much more while still being anti-eu exactly because the electorate immediately to their right is pro-eu , unless the number of eurosceptics grows a lot . 
  but they are not anti-eu , they are anti-euro . 
  and anti this kind of union , that is capitalist in nature , and not as they say `` a true union for equality and generosity '' . 
  that is the narrative they will continue to push , and alot of people are agreeing with them , as seen in the polls . 
   do you have a source on that ? 
  its in portuguese but this is the socialist party ( party in government ) latest statement about this . 
  not realy , the national budget only passes if both left wing parties want it . 
  the socialists have to negotiate with them . 
  the left block party has alot of measures in this budget . 
  and they are the ones who keep the government in power . 
  and also alot of socialist mp 's are going left day by day as they see this working in the polls . 
  the left wing has 20 % of the votes and growing , this government is gaining legitimacy in the recent polls . 
  now what the left wing will do is make sure people understand exiting the euro can be done while enjoying the single market . 
  like denmark . 
  that 's what they are already doing with the public . 
  anti-eu / = anti-euro ( that will be there motto ), 
  honestly the vote base of this 20 % is younger people and women , the feminist block votes left . 
  its very complicated but this left wing government its getting better and better polls . 
  i see as inevitable that portugal will leave the euro , as staying using the euro , will only block growth . 
  but when portugal leaves the euro , portugal as to first depend less in important import goods , such as gas and medecine . 
  that what they are doing right now , the system is being prepared for a soft exit of the euro . 
  but being anti-eu and anti-euro are 2 different things . 
  that is what the left is doing is separating the too , they want a denmark style deal with the eu . 
  i i think they will get it . 
  its only a matter of time . 
  maybe 10 years . 
  the thing is , the extreme left parties in reality dont want to extract any concessions from the eu , they want to leave the euro . 
  its just that for now in the national stage they are putting on a `` soft '' mask , but their speeches on the streets are very straighforward . 
  its anti-euro , anti-corporate capitalism . 
  they see brussels as the center of capitalist warlords . 
  that lie everyday and only want decades of austerity that leeds to now growth . 
  and alot of economists are starting to agree with them.that the austerity doesnt work and only leeds to more poverty and recession . 
  this block has a total of ~ 20 % of the votes right now . 
  in portugal the anti eu leftist parties are gaining votes , and already `` control '' the minority socialist government and that include the communists . 
  this news is being used as propaganga in portugal, 
  your conscience is constantly changing , your memories are being reconstrued right now , the `` you '' from 10 years ago no longer exists , they are just versions of you that reflect your experiences at that exact time . 
  you are your conscience and your body , the two are 1 , you change one , you change the other . 
  no matter how many stones you replace in the coleseum , if the image it reflects is the same , and is experienced as the same , then it is has much of the coleseum as the first one , both stones are the same age . 
  you modern home is made of materials as old as the oldest mountain . 
  every 7 years , all the cells in your body get replaced , does it means you stop being you ? 
  its funny cause that was said when the roman empire was already over . 
  fuck the homo erectus !, 
  long live the sapiens !, 
  the internet changed everything , if you are conected there very little propaganda can do , you only fall into propaganda if you want to . 
  ah makes sense , i didnt know netherlands and germany had that close of business ties . 
  i dont understand how just by having larger exports the outcome would be different . 
  it doesnt give anu problems in trading between spain and portugal . 
  so why would it give between germany and netherlands ?
