  what do you think they are for ? 
   but the eu did n't just help the upper classes ... investment was in common stuff ... especially in the arts and culture . 
  you do realize what you just wrote ? 
  that is the most upper class thing i heard in a while . 
  this is my prespective living in one of the poorest places of western europe . 
  lower class people , they care about paying next month rent , and feed their children , they are not living , they are surviving , their car is from 1990 's . 
  the appartment is rented , they basicly own almost nothing . 
  they dont care if the eu funds a museum or a opera concert or even medical research . 
  they care if the public transportation works for them to go to work , if they can get a medical exam in time for that pain and meds , and their children vaccines . 
  they dont see anything good from the eu , only regulations ( to stop things they like to do or eat ) and old age north european rich tourists they have to serve during summer . 
  the other day 2 guys were having this conversation . 
  '' - man im going to the netherlands , my buddy is there , hes at a restaurant he makes bank , lots of money , and parties alot . 
  this place sucks , there is nothing here for us , only call center work , we work the same as there but there is the money , im out of there . 
  make as much money as i can and party . '', 
  that 's it . 
  if a politian comes along and just says `` yeah the eu has been fucking you , they are rich you are fucked , vote for me , i can unfuck this and give you power back , oh and dont forget the eu wants immigrants to come into your land and make them rich !, 
  the time is now or never . '', 
  now you see whats happening . 
  no no , im not saying it will fix it . 
  bu i can garante you it will expose the real problems , it will put the true reality for everyone to see how fucked it is . 
  it fuel a total revolution , it 's not pretty but it has to happen , because as it is its only misery ahead . 
  once you take the eu out , shit goes down for the elite , and the upper class . 
  this is a simple class war . 
  the reality is most of the people who voted for brexit were lower class , they dont have that much to loose , unemployed , no house , no future . 
  i have seen this movie before i know how it ends . 
  the problem with your argument is that it compares portugal 's budget with the eu budget , when they are for completly different things . 
  portugal 's budget goes almost in its entirity to health , welfare , education . 
  portugal 's budget for investment is very small . 
  eu money is the money that its most spoken about for investment , its the subsudies , the money used for new machines , for starting businesses . 
  the problem is that money creates client circles . 
  its used as power grabs , by mid level polititians and their circles . 
  it fuels the nepotistic culture of corruption tha i despise so much . 
  there is even jokes about southern uneducated land owners , that drive land rover 's . 
   most money goes to agricultural and development funds , thats exacly the problem with the eu right now , it happens the same in portugal everyday some business onwer says he needs money from the eu for his business , he gets the money , hires cheap labor , the middle class gets fucked , and everyone just goes `` why are you complaning you receive so much money '' yeah right . 
  most money from the eu is in the form of subsidies , land owners or business get the money , they hire cheap labor ( from the obvious places ) and the avarage guy gets fucked , while everyone yells `` you are the ones who get the most help from the eu '' . 
  meanwhile the guy is unemployed and ashamed to look at his wife , and his kids hates him . 
  an area receiving eu funding doesnt mean people are living better , or the area is improving for everyone . 
  my area also receives funding , it goes to the land owners , they get the subsidies , and hire cheap immigrant labor and treat them as slaves , just last month they caught one land owner with more than 15 sri lanka ( i think ) guys living in a shed , making a third of minimum wage . 
  thats the problem of the eu , they think throwing money at something is suposed to fix everything . 
  it only makes things worse , it fuels corruption , the money has no accountability . 
  eu funding literaly is killing many countries agency . 
  watching everything unfold from the outside is amazing . 
  humans never learn . 
  interesting times ahead !, 
  thats where im going to see the mushroom cloud !, 
  front row seats =d, 
  # unknown ethimology . 
  ok ok basque country we get it , no one knows where you came from . 
  you are the mistery of this world . 
   call me a pessimist but i think sometime in the future maybe a hundred years from now something will happen if both nations stop being technical allies . 
  i will be happy if we manage to survive 100 years without ww3 and nuclear holocaust . 
  and im being serious . 
  so bascily the people that are angry at the system , would get a big `` fuck you '' from the london upper class/traveled citizens , who get the cream of the cake while they are getting the crusty sugary flowers . 
  yeah that worked out fine before =d / s you do realize that this was bascily a demographics vote . 
  those who got fucked under this system , voted to leave and those who got better voted to stay . 
  it doesnt matter if they were lied during the campaign at the end of the day the person that put the cross did it thinking based on their own experiences . 
  the politians just exploited them as they allways do . 
  no one ever even went to those places who polled majority leave . 
  and asked why ? 
  they just said `` those are bigots and racists , that what they are '' and now they are getting the result . 
  i have seen this play many times before , and it allways ends the same . 
  we even have a say for it in portugal . 
  this is nothing new , plenty of predictions have been made , based on current data . 
  some even to the number of migrants . 
  it will be an amazing human move up north . 
  they will be interesting times . 
  i cant say im an eurosceptic , because honestly this euro institution is so complicated i cant even understand what they want . 
  so i cant really say im for or agaisnt . 
  but i do not support bureucrats , who make thousands , building a systems that only they understand . 
  while not even trying to learn about the different realities of the european countries . 
  but juncker 's atitude doesnt surprise me , in fact i have seen it many times before . 
  they put them selves on a pedestal of gold and roses , from their high castles , and point fingers at anyone who is afraid of their politics , acusing anyone that causes doubts to be appealing to populism and nationalism . 
  because they know their position is not threatened , they know any politics they enforce will never touch them . 
  they live in a buble . 
  i have studied that same situation many times before in history , and it never ends well . 
  there is a simple explanation the people in brussels are removed from the reality of europe , they live in gated comunities , travel from bmw to bmw , and fly planes every week while making more per months than most in a year , to them europe is a paradise . 
  to them europe could take care of the world . 
  they live in a illusion . 
  thats why when the comunist young guy on parlment was talking about the children starving in portugal , juncker was texting his wife with the ear plugs off . 
  at that moment i realize what this all is , a lie . 
   supposed to be independent and whatnot . 
  no one is truly independent , the americans are just straigh forward about it . 
  the supreme judges of germany are not angels or saints , lets be real , they are humans like the rest of us . 
  well , not insinuating anything but you do know , scandals are usualy a thing democracies do , because in dictatorships everything is pretty controlled . 
  may i remind you of putin , no corruption scandals there too ... i wonder why ... oh and lets not forget cuba , squeaky clean there too . 
  wow that an hardcore system , seems very problematic because one entity can basicly push back months if not years of negotiations . 
  when i am willing to bet , some constitution articles are open for interpretation . 
  if the constitutional court is that powerfull . 
  do they have party colors ? 
  can the political system `` interfere '' with the judges , by means of ideology . 
  is the judge position a lifetime position . 
  and also more importantly , new politicians allow for the dirty secrets to get out , i can only imagine how much shady stuff ,10 + years of power can hide . 
  hmm i see , thats interesting , so the parlment makes the laws , the constitutional court approves them , and the chancelor basicly just signs papers . 
  well spain still has a king , so i dont really consider them for the term limits thing . 
  i take it they dont care about term limits with the king situation over there . 
  i hope you 're not stating im spanish xd, 
  wow , that a strange idea to me , i allways associated long running rulers as dictators . 
  portugal has 2 term limits since the revolution . 
  well i tough it was normal for pm 's and presidents to have term limits as all elected officials . 
  its interesting that in many eu countries that its not the norm .
