  when it gets to summer in portugal i just change colors and everything becomes easy , oh yeah im a chameleon =d, 
  who works under that temperature , thats melting temperatures , damm . 
  here i am in portugal complaining about 40\u00ba c, 
  if the eu wants to create a european federation its doesnt make much difference to create an iberian one . 
  but if the eu crashed , than a few things need to be done first . 
  - ditch the king - give referendum to catalonia - give referendum to basque country then we can start talking about an iberian federation . 
  i understand , that when not close with russia , its easy to be ok trading with them , but canada sells weapons to the saudis , and most of the western world deals with african dictatorships , so for me it seems more of `` lets bash russia because we can '' than trying to fix a problem . 
  regarding the socialist government , its a 3 party government , between the socialists , comunists and the far left extremists . 
  it 's a government more about being against the previous government than anything else , and they know an election would give a victory to the central/right parties . 
  they will agree to anything to make that work as long as possible , right now their tactic is using populist measures , stuff that the previous government had to take away due to the crisis , now all of it its back and i dont undestand how they did it . 
  fishing , farming , the sanctions on russia , that unables portugal to sell to them . 
  the restrictions on port fees . 
  the eu funding that undermines free competition , its very hard to compete agaisnt subsidise industries . 
  we desperatly need a good dose of liberalism . 
  yeah all we need is for the eu to stop with the stupid quotas , and restrictions so that we can build the industry we had before joining ... 
  has he stopped selling weapons to the saudis ? 
  ok , call me when he has ... 
  tell that to the greeks . 
  you are right , but sometimes the only chance you have of surviving a knee infection is to cut the entire leg . 
  it might not work , but in desperation its all you got . 
  there will be a ge , there is no way any new pm will have any support withing a crumbling party , to start article 50 and the negotiations , they will get the ge they wanted . 
  you are probably right , but to them , it got what they wanted , the thing is the vote was mostly old citizens , and those were the ones that 30 years ago in the same referendum voted 70 % to remain , they knew what this vote was about , they saw everything unfold , and made their judgement . 
  that exacly how everything bad in history happens , the system fucks the silent majority enough , that one day the bubble pops . 
  exacly , thats what many dont understand , when you are already fucked by the system , you will take the only chance you get at breaking it . 
  well see it from their prespective , they got exacly what they wanted . 
  the 2 political parties are in ruins , cameron is gone , the entire system is crumbling . 
  and the upper class is suffering . 
  they dont have much more too loose , so to them it doesnt really matter what the consequences are . 
  either way they are fucked . 
  [ we have one too . 
  prepare for sunday . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3b/pa2900302_galo_emiliarocha_medio.jpg ), 
  ahaha you made me giggle thank you xd i just hope the game goes well and its a big party for everyone !, 
  they played well , but they really missed ramsey . 
  portugal in the last 30 minutes were playing like teenagers , i was so mad . 
  now it gets real !, 
  the machines of france and germany !, 
  may god help us !, 
  the point i am trying to make , i know its a sad one , but there really is no hope , more than 70 % of the world lives in extreme poverty , and the rise of the new world middle class , will multiply the strain on world resources , and its only a matter of time before the bubble pops . 
  honestly , i have no solution but from where im standing i cleary see hundreds of millions going to try their luck in the developed countries . 
  yeah put a full combat armed force , to stop desperate people seeking a chance at a better life , that is for sure going to work , nothing can go wrong there / s, 
  just because you saw on twitter some poeple agaisnt the brexit , or a petition , or a couple off interviews doesnt mean 17 million people all of a sudden dont want to leave . 
  can you imagine the shit show , if the establishment just said `` hey middle to lower class citizens , who voted for leave , because you dont trust government , fuck you we are not leaving '' , watch as a civil war errupts . 
  thats strange hasnt the german government made efforts to populate and develop those areas , in order to curb extremist ideologies taking place ? 
  give it time . 
  central africa is experiencin one of the biggest droughts in centuries , nigeria ethnic tensions are at all time high with the 3 top ethnic groups on the verge of another situation . 
  angola regime is in weak condition due to the oil crisis , and devaluation , while dissident voices are getting power . 
  climate change will just make things worse so much faster . 
  4000 a day arriving in italy , from africa . 
  italy is just taking the big part of it for the moment . 
  until someone gets a cheap boat or attemps to swim it , or gets inside merchant ships or takes over a ferry out of desperation , when its 1000 you can deal with it , when its 1000000 thats another story . 
  work on making deals , have a realistic immigrantion policy that focuses on full integration , while at the same time making deals with the governments of orign , policies to improve the quality of life for women will result in less population , free woman have less children . 
  you make a wall they get a ladder . 
  work to make the situation better not worse . 
  i think at this point france will gladly take the hit , we are talking about millions of people who are are seeking a better life and i cant blame them . 
  what you think france would rather have ? 
  refugee/migrant camps getting bigger by the day or free acess to the channel the camps will only get bigger and bigger , the people clearly want to go to the uk and will not want france . 
  yup , after 4-0 they were more worried about beating germany . 
  its easier to score goals , when the other team doesnt care anymore . 
  i was being a bit facetious i admit , but at the same time , the guy was basicly defending that the only good immigration is the high class immigration , and that pissed me off a bit . 
  i know the eu is not perfect , but social mobility should be a core principal of the eu and if i can say the entire human experience . 
  yes simplify the issue to fit your narrative , while not aknowledging that other rich nations dont get acess to the eu , its not all about economy and its much more complicated than that . 
  being rich is not a requirement to join the eu , if that was the case half the eu countries wouldnt be allowed in . 
  its the humans rights part , freedom , democracy , and all the other important rules you have to achieve in order to enter the eu . 
  if it was about the money turkey would be in the eu a long time ago . 
  is pakistan in the european union or the schengen area ? 
  if they are then they should have the same rights and obligations as the other 28 . 
  http://tribune.com.pk/story/1010718/eu-to-give-e653m-in-aid-to-pakistan/ http://ec.europa.eu/europeaid/regions/africa/africa-eu-continental-cooperation_en the eu is the biggest aid source in the world . 
  `` fuck the poor '' ^ ^ ^ ^ ^, 
  they even give you a bike ? 
  damm the dutch are doing it right congrats !, 
  here they just work you till you fall and then replace you . 
  thats about it really . 
  most people i know work to survive . 
  i still dont understand how most of europe say the portuguese are lazy and entitled , damm ... 
  thats awesome, 
  visit portugal , then let me know what you think . 
  damm ... my life is a sham . 
  i make 570 $ / month , and pay 120 $ / month in taxes . 
  can i ask how much you make , no need for a exact number , just in the close area . 
  well i make 570 eur , and i pay 80 eur for public transport . 
  , i live in one of the cheapest areas , you can rent a one bed room apt for 350 eur , and a room for about 150 , so if your alone you rent a room , if your a couple you rent and apt . 
  takes avarage 6 months to get a medical consult for me , and you can eat a meal for about 4 eur if you know where . 
  thats about it really . 
  45 eur unlimited ?!?!, 
  damm my life truly sucks . 
  wow thats insanely cheap damm , now i know why central europeans go travel and party so much . 
  well its what we have . 
   employers are required to finance half of your pass if you use public transports to get to work . 
  that 's 385 euros a year . 
  if you have a car , parking fees alone are gon na cost you more . 
  i didnt know they pay half your pass , thats cool , they dont do that to me : / , i dont pay parking . 
  im portuguese i live in lisbon . 
  metro + bus ? 
  i didnt really understand your statement , but my point was that most of the middle class is worried about not loosing their job , getting enough food each month and paying rent , if the government blocks you from driving your car to work , and the public transport is to expensive or doesnt serve that area , your probably going to loose your job . 
  why not tax the people who have multiple cars , more on their second and third cars ? 
   i 'm pretty sure that you will have to at least pay 200 euros per month for a car . 
  what car do you want ? 
  i can get a second hand 2004 car for 700 eur , and will last me at least 10 years , revisions are pretty cheap and you pay about 80 eur year to the government , i was talking about my situation in lisbon , as they want to do the same as in paris , but im gessing you cant just get around paris by metro , so you will need at least a metro + bus ( here that pass is near 100 eur month with a wage of 600 eur ) im not even googling how much is a rented car , cause i have never in my entire life seen a person driving one , thats rich people life . 
  i have a pretty good bet that the middle class in paris is suffering the same thing .
