  its only misery and poverty for the outliers , a life of begging and kneeling . 
  fuck that . 
  welcome to globalism . 
  enjoy . 
  i just looked in the mirror , and there isnt really a big difference . 
   we already are net receivers from the eu , we get money because we are poorer than the rest of the eu . 
  what you are saying is a complete lack of gratitude to those who pay their taxes that contribue to our country . 
  net receivers just mean we receive more money from the eu than we give . 
  that doest say where that money goes . 
  how is it spend and in what companies . 
  while we have to follow hundreds of rules and regulations , obey quotas , and european policites that go agaisnt our own interests . 
  in the last 2 decades we have been `` payed '' to let our fishing industry decay , to not grow a number of crops in the name of european market faireness . 
  while spain buys land in portugal to grow hunderds of tones of olives and other crops . 
  that `` net receiver '' argument is the same argument the eu tells everytime , that we should be gratefull . 
  we dont need handouts , we have plenty of land , plenty of resources , the best geo political position to be in europe . 
  and we were growing 7 % before the eu . 
  it 's time we cut the cord , get a cheaper coin we can actualy afford , and make the decisions that best represent our interests . 
  are we going to suffer consequences from the eu , i am sure . 
  but we have been suffering and being hummiliated for decades as it is . 
   we were growing because we were in ashes , the state of the country was deplorable . 
  i dont know where you get your facts , but it sure wasnt in ashes . 
  industry was a bit old for sure , and turism was much less while workers rights were less . 
  but there was no deficit , and the economy was balanced . 
  comparing to many countries in the world at the time portugal was doing very well . 
  remenber most of w europe got the marshall plan from the us , portugal got a salty cracker and portugal had to take care of 800k returned from the colonies . 
   because it 's really bad taht we have a common currency that makes life easier for everybody . 
  its actualy one of the main causes for our economic crisis , as many economists have said , its a coin we cant devalue to boost exports ( a normal way to get out of a crisis ) , the euro is to expensive for us , ask any old person you see on the street , and they will tell you their power to buy went down alot after the euro . 
  sure a cheap coin will make imports more expensive , but we can control that by the state filling the hole on some key imports such as medecin and some energy . 
  but at the same time we would get an incentive to improve national energy efficiency among other industries . 
   you have that hability too . 
  the difference all western and north europea countries are much more richer than portugal , they already go on an advantage , they can negotiate by their own terms , and by brain immigration get top level employees their countries didnt have to pay education for , if every european country had to pay a tax for every top level emmigrant from portugal they get , portugal wouldnt be in a crisis . 
  portugal is effectively funding hundreds of thousands of european employees . 
   our actions do n't just affect us , it affects the world . 
  unless you want to eat money in the future it 's a good thing we have quotas . 
  our quotas have been proven to be way bellow what we can replenish , and for the past years spain has been fishing in portuguese waters , to bypass their own quotas . 
  without any repercution . 
   what a pain in the ass being able to travel freely to other 27 countries . 
  / s except most of the portuguese dont have enough money to go anywhere . 
  thats the big joke of it all , they say you get all this things but you cant afford them . 
  while they get to send their 16 's to algarve for some sun , and buy houses and jump up the prices , while building entire mansions and closed properties , quercos has already warned that we lost 70 % of our natural area from real estate developement . 
  lisbon is becoming tourist town , and porto is next with loval residents being pressured to leave their houses because they went from 50 euros to 50k euros . 
   nice joke . 
  many projects are funded by ~ 80 % of funds from the eu , and it 's not in the order of hundreds or thousands of euros . 
  yeah i know , projects that are approved by the eu , and the companies have to be from the eu , there was a school that bought german chandeliers for 5000 euros a unit , and then couldnt afford heating , when one chandelier normaly costs 100 euros in portugal . 
  this is the same thing the eu does in africa they give money to be spent in european companies , mostly north european . 
  china does exacly the same , its a closed loop the money goes back to where it came from . 
  portugal has one of the worse money circles in europe . 
  look it up if you dont believe me . 
  why do you think the disparety in europe is so big , where countries with the same coin go from 300 euros to 3000 eur for the same jobs . 
  an european that oes exacly the same job as i do , uses the same coin as i do . 
  makes 4 times as much as i do , then gets to come hero and enjoy a contry he does not pay taxes too . 
  while i strugle to pay rent . 
  how is that european equality for you ? 
  whats the point of the eu then ? 
  make it cheaper and easier for north europeans to get a summer vacation ? 
  no thanks i rather they pay full price if they are going to fuck me in the ass . 
  at least i feel more worth it about it . 
  also comparing with other contries that the times . 
  portugal was doing quite well , even under the salazar dictatorship it was growing 7 % a year , since the eu it has been bailed out 3 times . 
  then the eu says they fund projects , yeah im sure they doo , in return for less trading taxes , the habillity to enter and do business as they wish , to get control over the coin trough the ecb , and control over quotas , and borders . 
  fuck me i rather just pay more taxes to fund the projects my self . 
  its like a drug dealer selling cheaper drugs to the addict and saying its just to help him . 
  in portugal the extrene left/communists have been gaining power , because of the poverty increasing , the inequality , the rump up prices and cost of living , i used to believe in the eu , but after living for the last 10 years under austerity , crisis , and seeing the rich get richer , while seeing the turists enjoying the best life in my country while i barely live by working day and night . 
  i quite honestly believe im done with this , and i am seriously pondering voting for the extreme left , in the middle of all this mess they were the only ones that increased wages , work conditions , and consistently advocated for more equality . 
  they are agaisnt the euro , and the eu , they want out . 
  i dont blame the eu entirely , but the saints pay for the sinners . 
  its how life goes . 
  lies !!, 
  long life to afonso iii the rightfull king of the portugal and the algarves !, 
  if any other country doest it i would be completly oposed , because when giving visas you should interview the person in their current form . 
  not go through their entire life story . 
  ( unless they have criminal history wich is understandable . 
  this sets a bad precedent . 
  what if you dont have social media ? 
  doest that raises even worse flags ? 
  what if you were 17 or 20 and said a stupid thing to a friend on facebook ? 
  should you be taken has everyword you said your entire life or have to right to evolve as a human being ? 
  guilty until proven innocent, 
   is it the spanish government 's job to ensure that the scots do n't get what they want then ? 
  no , it 's the spanish governments job to ensure the well being and health of spanish nation . 
   is it the spanish government 's job to ensure that the scots do n't get what they want then ? 
  no , it 's the spanish governments job to ensure the well being and health of spanish nation . 
  welcome to the maze . 
  it was not built by the last portuguese king not even by a long shot , and it was the first castle in europe inspired by the xix romanticism its as much eclectic as any other castle in europe . 
  if you are insulting something or someone at least try to get the basic facts correct . 
  once you load the gun , you dont get to choose who it points too , the government does . 
   at least get your facts straight . 
  there are very few ml parties in europe , are you for real ? 
  are you really that in denial . 
  okay you know what , fine by me . 
  just do whatever , at this point im already tapped out . 
  im in george carlin mode . 
  fuck it . 
  yeah i guess the socalist party , or the portuguese communist party who literaly went to soviet union commites , or the left bloc that literaly yells `` capitalism is imperialism '' , and straigh up say they are marxists and praise trotsky . 
  i guess these parties in power , are just for funsies =d or podemos in spain who kiss oponents in the mouth like true style comrades , or the siriza , they are also playing , lets not forget 5 stars in italy ( hint : the name gives it away ) but what do i know / s nothing to see here folks , its all good in europe as usual just some cute communists , and some alt right fascist having some good good fun / s lets all pretend nothing is wrong =d, 
  its all relative . 
  a center-right european party , in the world stage they are more like left-wing . 
  when a party is left-wing in europe , they are communist levels of left wing . 
  like full blown marxist-leninist ideology . 
  yes i have heard that before , dismissing any concerns , by `` youre crazy '' , `` you dont know anything '' , `` youre ignorant '' .
