  i 'll take `` things he did n't say '' for 500 , alex. 
   london rapper turned jihadist rubber dinghy rapids , bro ? 
  yes , the united states was the one doing the plundering in the context of ww2 . 
  the better parallel i 'd draw is ukraine as a scaled up version of latvia and lithuania 's january events ( [ for instance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_barricades ) ) . 
  ukraine never really achieved full independence , and what we 're seeing now is more of an independence war than anything else . 
  can this user be a thing now ? 
  paging / u/whereisproof, 
  also dubious on korea . 
  if korea was a clear failure , i guess i should apologize to all of my south korean friends who actually grew up in a united communist ( north ) korea for getting their nationality wrong , right ? 
  and then / u/mailboxd was voiculescu, 
  there are government contracts worth billions for construction of sauna but when they get there , no building . 
  do n't worry finland will solve ukraine . 
  that imam 's name ? 
  conchita wurst . 
  it 's not safe to say that . 
  you do n't know that . 
  you were n't alive then . 
  it did n't happen . 
  that is wrong . 
  there was a lot of historical precedent for loose federative states in the region , both in theory and in application , which would have allowed for cultural and political autonomy . 
   10/10 for relevance 0/10 for joy that 's the problem , innit tho ? 
  it did n't go very well when they invested in western poland . 
  man , i wish biden would say shit like that . 
  that 'd be entertaining as all hell . 
  it really was 2 am . 
  am i really obligated to type a thousand word debunking of ron paul at 2 am ? 
  it 's 2 am . 
  i spend too much time arguing with paul fans on facebook to continue doing it on reddit . 
  i am an american , so `` us folks '' is still domestic . 
  the fact that rt reposts his shit on ukraine makes me seriously skeptical . 
  ron paul is a one-trick-pony about us foreign policy and i stopped listening to him years ago . 
  he 's a broken clock , right twice a day . 
  sanctioning someone is literally being his rival 's tame poodle . 
  what . 
  yeah you 're right that is a bad title . 
  imre nagy is spinning in his grave . 
  special place in my heart for boris . 
  alright , you 're a bit to edgy for me . 
  mock-lynching is not a sign of a healthy political culture . 
  if it 's incredibly common where you 're from , you should move somewhere saner . 
  reasonable people do n't hang effigies of people they dislike , it speaks to a level of rage and hatred that 's not just unreasonable , it 's fucking toxic . 
  science . 
  science science . 
  yup this checks out . 
  abstaining is `` i do not care not my problem '', 
  that was the entire west getting involved , including the us , with the arab league 's consent . 
  this is entirely different . 
  china wo n't sell itself down the river for the sake of russia . 
  when the crimea resolution went up to vote , china abstained ; it 'll abstain again . 
  it already got what it wanted from russia , the chinese are already flooding into siberia for its wealth , russia has nothing more to offer . 
  you 're speaking for china as if you understand their foreign policy and as if they 've divulged all this to you . 
  i think he had a stroke, 
  [ this is the top-voted comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/2cndl3/obama_trashes_russia_as_a_nation_that_doesnt_make/cjh5te6 ) in a thread about obama . 
  something tells me the level of discourse might not be quite what one might want . 
  no , they 're not a western ally - just a bunch of country yokels on the edge of europe who thought the nation that produced `` liberty leading the people '' would empathize with their own struggle for the same . 
  marianne , marianne - not for them , not marianne . 
   core ; periphery alright , i know what language you 're speaking . 
  looking at the numbers , the brics imf/wb alternatives are solidly chinese institutions . 
  none of the other economies even come * close * to the sort of volume of purchasing power and liquidity that china provides . 
  recent events in russia have forced it to cede extremely favorable deals to china in siberia , india 's foreign policy is a shambles for institutional reasons , and brazil and south africa simply do n't have the domestic strength to be a major player in this partnership . 
  in short , these new developmental institutions are likely to be arms of chinese foreign policy in the developing world . 
  what does that look like ? 
  well , unsurprisingly , it looks colonial - chinese corporations extracting mineral and natural wealth at rates favorable to china in states across africa , a story very familiar to europeans - albeit with the rapacious qualities limited to the economic , rather than physical , sphere . 
  well what does that mean in terms of the theory you 're referencing ? 
  well the argument i 'd put forward is that china , as a semi-peripheral nation on the rise , is looking to exploit the periphery to its own advantage just as much as the core profits from the semi - and full periphery , and ultimately what the development of these rival financial instruments show is a semi-peripheral nation on the verge of being a core looking to carve out core space for itself using parallel tools . 
  it 's not a paradigm shift . 
  it 's not an assertion of independence . 
  it 's a semi-peripheral nation looking to establish a spot in the core on the backs of other semi - and fully-peripheral nations . 
  and i 'm saying that you 're reading too deeply into my comment , looking for categorical statements where i am making dry quips . 
  i said nothing about crimea . 
  that 's not a military operation . 
  right , i hear he got 107 % of the vote in chechnya . 
  maybe , but the fact that schroeder called him a flawless democrat never ceases to bring me joy and mirth . 
  the serbs have caused more trouble in the 20th century than any ethnic group their size has the right or capacity to do . 
  just move to serbia if you want a serbian state so fucking badly , stop trying to take more clay . 
  [ the other reason the fighting was so heavy in the drina valley ] ( http://faithandheritage.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/e43a4342da4fbb2dbc1c717841084babd24b2b901.jpg ) was because it was full of those heathen bosniaks , and velika srbija could n't have that . 
  right , schroeder 's paragon of democracy , putin is . 
  hippocratic oath is actually largely anachronistic nowadays . 
  you 'd be surprised but apparently a lot of modern doctors do n't do much oath-saying . 
  and then arkantos goes to shore in bretagne at the head of a massive host of atlanteans , long slumbering beneath the waves . 
  yes , please . 
  and there are russian neo-nazis fighting for the separatists wearing those ribbons of st. george . 
  the point ? 
  well guys , time to move to belarus . 
  it 's ok , such is life in / r/europe . 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  it 's just too bad poland gets shafted . 
  i was really excited to see sikorski taking such a leading role , seeing him flying around to kiev and brussels , talking to world leaders . 
  there was that article in foreign policy about how he might be the next big thing and that was ... oh , april . 
  holy shit the spaniards are coming out of the woodwork . 
  anyway yeah that 's true . 
  ukrainians have starved 10 million russians in great famine called ~ ~ holodo ~ ~ ** the great famine of 2014 . 
  wow anti-russian circlejerk up in here . 
  10,000 is a new number . 
  that 's not only unprecedented but would also make ukraine one of the bloodiest conflicts currently going on - second only to syria , which is in a whole other league . 
  ok groovy thank you !, 
  can we get some more sources on this ? 
  not to denigrate your digging , pladmir , and i tend to agree with you , but you have a distinct slant and one unsourced tweet accompanied by a rather sketchy secondary source makes me wonder . 
  never said it was a `` spain thing '' , as in unique to spain , do n't get upset . 
  that said , this is a thing that spain is doing .
