if that is n't ironic , i do n't know what is . 
  my condolences . 
  that 's an * awful * justification for serbian war crimes , and even more * awful * justification for a serbian victim narrative . 
  it 's not . 
  but being shitty while surrounded by shit behavior does n't make you virtuous . 
  it was a report from a multinational commission which covered the war crimes of everyone involved , including the bulgarians and greeks . 
  you mean the report of the international commission on the balkan wars ? 
  i 'm saying that trying to ethnically cleanse the jews , turks , and bulgarians from the disputed regions of macedonia , makes your ethical case incredibly difficult to argue . 
  it was the serbs who occupied northern albania , with no serbian population , in an attempt to gain an adriatic port during and after the first balkan war , an act opposed by the great powers , makes your ethical case incredibly difficult to argue . 
  it was the serbs that broke the march 13 agreement with bulgaria which demarcated their respective gains in macedonia , taking land they had agreed would be bulgarian , which makes your ethical case difficult to argue . 
  it was the serbs who signed secret pacts with the greeks directly aimed at bulgaria , which makes your ethical case difficult to argue . 
  it was the serbs who made common cause with the ottomans , their alleged oppressors , in the second balkan war against their `` slavic brothers '' which makes your ethical case difficult to argue . 
  it was the italian conquest of libya which provided the context for the balkan league 's war , both of which were wars of conquest , which makes your ethical case difficult to argue . 
  it was the emergence of an albanian revolt in 1911 , threatening albanian independence , which galvanized the serbs to find common cause in the balkan league , which makes your ethical case difficult to argue . 
  the balkan wars took place in 1912-1913 you dumb fuck . 
   homosexualism ah , the great isms of the modern world . 
  fascism , communism , racism , imperialism , and of course , homosexualism . 
   a i 've said : this is a thread about austrian investments in serbia in the years 2000-2014 . 
  for early xx century history please refer to some other thread , preferably thread about early xx century history . 
  scumbag serb - says do n't talk about history after he rants about history . 
   nah man serbs are guilty for the wwi , jews for ww2 , and african slaves for american civil war . 
  you started the history-talk by making unsupportable assertions . 
  serbian-victim narratives are as bollocks as the `` stab-in-the-back '' myth . 
  except that you sucked french cock . 
  the serbian state was only solvent because of french loans , french subsidies , your armaments were french ; in return , you were an instrument of french foreign policy . 
  you traded one nipple for another . 
  implying that serbia was the victim in ww1 is asinine and shows a marked lack of knowledge of your own history . 
  just like serbs were the victims in the balkan wars , right ? 
  logic has no hold in this place . 
  we 're going to have to amputate . 
  you made the mistake of engaging with / u/zankerh . 
  i 'm so sorry , there 's nothing we can do . 
  except that the eu is not a nationstate with a centralized government , or armed forces , much less one with endemic corruption , a repressive policy towards minorities , and disrespect for civil liberties . 
  wait , who are the bad guys in this ? 
  is it nato , turkey , isis , or all of the above ? 
  last i checked , it was nato imperialists ( under the us-coalition ) doing the most to fight isis and protect the kurds at this point . 
   roman occupation of britain heh, 
  itt : people rejoicing over the death of a 64 year old man . 
  holy shit that blog is crazy . 
  i 'm going to go on a limb and say the project * not * involving the italians . 
  i 'm not saying i ordered the genocide of thousands of muslims , but i 'm responsible for the genocide of thousands of muslims . 
  a hundred years later and austria still ca n't escape the serbs . 
  somewhere , a cloud shaped like margaret thatcher is smiling . 
  first of all , nato = / = usa , and that quote is not from rasmussen , which your post would imply . 
  second , that article is from march of this year . 
  i do n't know if you 're too knackered from a weekend out to remember properly , but in march of this year there was a very real and very plain threat being posed by russia , which was acting in contravention to international law with its behavior in crimea . 
  it is no surprise that bilateral talks broke down when one of those sides is acting in bad faith . 
  your interpretation of causal relationships is bad and you should feel bad . 
  but muh culture war, 
  in all truth , eu would probably be better off with turkey than with portugal . 
  at least turkey 's viable . 
  yeah they did , it 's hard to see but the border 's there . 
  actually , the unit of time is `` words '' . 
  by the time a politician has finished speaking , he has typically reneged on 70 % of his speech . 
  surprise union of lublin , make removal of smelly bydlo . 
   russian  standards bydlo pls, 
  slavs were n't in crimea until relatively recently , arguably not until the russian conquests but perhaps some minor settlements earlier - definitely not as a majority culture . 
  the areas of crimea which were n't greek - and in fact , you could add novorossiya to this as well - were historically ruled by various nomadic horse tribes like the scythians , the huns , the avars , the khazars , and such . 
  the time when you put the slavs there -1000 years ago - saw the region occupied by the cuman-kipchak confederacy , another group of turkic horse nomads . 
  those are the patterns . 
   mounting evidence  mounting  in progress, 
  i see you in there sometimes . 
  warms my heart . 
  i did n't say give him a medal for morals or ethics . 
  heh , give farage a medal . 
  there is n't an orator in brussels today with the flair he has . 
  it 's almost like they have a vested interest in not losing the scots . 
  fuck me , who 'd - a-thunkit ? 
   ways to divide europe  xpost from / r/russia hmmmmmm, 
  libdems are still a party ? 
  huh . 
  but where is proof ? 
  i understand that you probably do n't care , because your argument with the other yankee is n't about facts so much as being about posture and the style with which you do so - but charles krauthammer is n't `` some us journalist '' . 
  he 's one of the current ideological commissars of the neoconservative right wing . 
  what this means is that a lot of the more radical interventionist american foreign policy is a product of his writing and influence , specifically as it pertains to people like the koch brothers who have the cash to influence politics . 
  it 's important to know who krauthammer is for the same reason that it 's important to know who bill kristol and irving kristol are , for the same reason you ought to know who the koch brothers are . 
  closer to home for you , knowing who krauthammer is and what he stands for is important for the same reasons you should know who aleksandr dugin is and what * he * stands for - dugin holds sway with influential figures in kremlin policy , and krauthammer fills a similar role in american politics . 
  now , you might ask why american politics are important - but then , you could ask the same of russian . 
  why does it matter knowing who is the ideological vanguard of foreign policy for a significant proportion of america 's govt . ? 
  after all , it 's not like his views have impact on anyone outside of america , right ? 
  lukashenko confirmed for petyr baelish . 
  my new reaction image . 
  something something t.a.t.u. 
  guilty . 
  no bearded transvestites 2/10 worst song contest, 
  jesus , joseph and mary !, 
  churchill 's a cunt . 
  just putting it out there . 
  at least since that time with the drinking and the oil rights . 
  god dammit iceland not again . 
  polen king of europe now . 
  much kurwa mac . 
  jan pawel proud . 
  footwear branding is actually fairly big in youth/urban culture here in the states . 
   might, 
  yes , because europe is the one being provocative . 
   acces to the black sea and strategically important factories located in eastern ukraine they already have that access . 
  they 'd have it without annexing swathes of ukraine . 
  / u/whereisproof, 
  maybe we 'll finally get the strongly worded letter ukraine needs .
