  terrorism is defined by the intentional use of physical violence against innocent persons/noncombatants with the express intent of causing terror for political/economic/cultural ends . 
  guerrilla warfare is not terrorism , though there can be some overlap . 
  yes sir , that 's what we call context : the circumstances surrounding their actions . 
  sweden 's ravishing of north germany in the 30 years war is responsible for the issues in germany 's cultural psyche which somehow made russia the fucked up place it is now . 
  you 're welcome . 
  that is not my contention . 
  no , just that there were significant german populations there for a long , long time , including during the era of piast poland . 
  hell , even cracow was incorporated under magdeburg law during the mid 13th c. , and there were german-led revolts in cities as far away as sandomierz contemporary with the german-led revolt in cracow which i mentioned in another post . 
  which is why , after a german-led revolt in cracow in the early 14th century , the archbishop of gniezno excommunicated the princes of glogau - described as the `` german '' piasts of silesia - for `` turning silesia into a new saxony '' . ^ 1 there 's another , better passage i 'm looking for , but i 'm currently writing another history paper right now and it 's due in an hour . 
  i 'll get it for you later . 
  norman davies 's * god 's playground vol . 
  eh , during the piast rule of silesia - both during the periods when poland was unified and when it was fragmented under the piasts - the piast princes settled a significant number of german settlers in the cities of silesia including breslau . 
  many old cities in western poland were historically incorporated with german municipal laws and rights as a result . 
  it was ruled over by poles , but saying it was `` polish '' in the period of the piasts - when `` polish '' did n't have the same meanings it would take on in later centuries - is disingenuous . 
   a feminist foreign policy seems really silly to me . 
  define a feminist foreign policy , and why it seems silly . 
   except there is absolutely no threat of russian occupation unless you 're neighboring them , have 90 % of russian population and incoming us backed rebellion . 
  be careful there , you would n't want to cut anyone with all of that edge . 
  i think you mean * yes * . 
  there is nothing as tough and masculine as a tom of finland illustration , even - and really , especially - if they are incredibly homoerotic . 
  i should n't even need that qualification , the stuff tom of finland produced oozed masculinity like a tom selleck crime show . 
  if you 're looking for a fun , not-as-serious source , the war nerd aka gary brecher aka someone else writing under a pseudonym is a really fun commentator to read . 
  his new stuff is written for pando and his topics are wide-ranging , from african conflicts to the boondoggle in the middle east to historical conflicts . 
  regardless of his biases and accuracy , he 's incredibly entertaining . 
  no , / u/raminus , you are the propaganda poster . 
  and then / u/raminus was a shill . 
  oh shit raki is wonderful . 
  i wish it was easier for a broke college student to get . 
  my condolences . 
  i 'm sorry nations other than us are being saddled with that abomination of military-industrial corruption and incompetence . 
  if your intelligence agency were the most incompetent idiots possible , the nsa and gchq would equally have no problem conducting mass surveillance . 
  saying like `` i wish my nation 's intelligence arm were incompetent '' is ignorant and childish . 
  ... meanwhile in the gumdrop forest . 
  not true . 
  at my university , ambassador robert ford ( former , he resigned a year or two ago due to disagreements over obama 's policies in syria ) gave a lecture about the syrian and iraqi crises , isis , and the like . 
  he concluded with a story about his time in algeria . 
  he went to visit the university in tlemcen to visit a joint umr-university of abou bakr belkaid ( i think that 's the one in tlemcen ) engineering program , wherein an american university helped train and teach engineering to algerian university students . 
  this was after another american boondoggle in the middle east , and anti-american sentiment was running high . 
  he wanted his visit to be lowkey , and he told the president of the university that he wanted to sneak in and visit this program and leave , because he was genuinely concerned about his safety , because there had been some serious security threats to american diplomats around that time . 
  when he got there , the president had this grand reception for him and the ambassador was like `` ah shit '' . 
  the president brought him into this huge auditorium , completely packed with students , standing room only - something like 600 people . 
  the ambassador was again thinking `` ah shit , this is going to be bad . '', 
  instead , they applauded him - it was a frenzy of good feelings and appreciation for america . 
  the american-sponsored university program , it turned out , was the biggest guarantor of employment in a country with soaring unemployment problems . 
  students waited months for slots to open in the program , and waiting for slots to open up in the english department so that they could participate in the program . 
  all of them appreciated it , and thanked america for the opportunity . 
  that is the power of a well-sponsored , well-utilized university . 
  a muslim university in italy is n't a threat , it 's an opportunity . 
  it 's an opportunity to infuse the muslim population with european values , with european culture , with european ideals . 
  even if it 's a `` muslim university '' , the fact that it exists means that europe has a new opportunity to interact with the muslim community in a way that is n't a cycle of mutual recrimination and hate . 
  education is the single most powerful tool we have to effect culture . 
  b-but , where will slavs stab people now ? 
  not specifically about the 30 years war , but christopher clark 's * iron kingdom * is a history of prussia from the beginning of the 17th century through 1947 , and it 's incredibly in depth . 
  it features extensive research on the role of brandenburg in the 30 years war , the people involved , the decisions made , and the human toll of the war . 
  germany would n't have remained catholic , that cat was already out of the bag . 
  the reformation was driven just as much by social and economic factors as it was driven by theology and realpolitik . 
  the real question is , who will be cizre ? 
  it looks like aleppo now , and it was a turkish city populated by kurds . 
  we have n't seen it in the news . 
  what i think is ultimately important for foreign observers to understand is that , for the trump candidacy , specific policy is less important than personality . 
  a lot of his candidacy is based on a south american caudillo-style projection of strength - he 's the candidate of `` winning '' ; we 'll win on trade , we 'll win in foreign policy . 
  no one knows how the policy bulletpoints will really end up under a trump presidency cos most of his candidacy is based on branding at this point . 
  what, 
  holy shit , this hits all of the best triggers of angry white men . 
  fake rape versus evil brown people . 
  not surprised . 
  it 's a fairly niche film . 
  lots of navelgazing on the subject of agency-vs-fate and how the choices we make impact us down the line . 
  would recommend , beautifully shot and orchestrated , great soundtrack , and jared leto is wonderfully versatile in it . 
  mr. nobody 's actually a great film . 
  ah , the good ol' `` russia might invade tomorrow , so lets get smashed tonight '' party . 
  joint brigade : coming to college campuses near you , 2017 . 
  you 're right . 
  but the krg which is largely dominated by the kdp at present maintains very good relations with the turkish government . 
  peshmerga are the turkish-aligned kurds , for reference . 
  ah , cameron is looking particularly comfortable in his human suit today . 
  they are the army of the krg , but organizationally they are split up into a few dozen brigades with little in the way of serious inter-coordination , and parallel c&c split between puk , kdp and the min . 
  of peshmerga affairs . 
  they 're not really one unified army , but a name given to several loosely allied forces . 
  ladies and gentlemen , europoors of all shapes and sizes , i am impressed . 
  you 've got some quality shitholes . 
  even some fellow yankees have shown up to share our cities - and yet , that 's the operative term . 
  cities . 
  villages . 
  these are major population centers , places measured in square miles and square kilometers and thousands of people . 
  friends , i would like you to turn your eyes to the micro-scale , as opposed to the macro-scale . 
  friends , i present the [ gowanus canal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gowanus_canal ) . 
  with water incapable of sustaining life , this 1.8 mile canal formerly important as a transportation hub is legendary for being toxic and terrible . 
  one can find in its delicious depths pollutants ranging from coal tar and mercury to pcbs and lead , all in significant amounts . 
  it is commonly believed to have been a dumping ground for the mafia , from guns to bodies , and it smells terrible . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/08/gowanus-canal-pollution-william-miller-photos_n_3397220.html ) is an article containing a slideshow of just how fucking disgusting the canal is . 
  it 's a superfund site , which means that new york state basically went to the epa and said `` lol jesus fucking christ we done fucked up this place send help '' . 
  that 's right , the gowanus canal is so disgusting , so terrible , so toxic that we new yorkers had to call the federal government in to save us . 
  during hurricane sandy a few years back , the gowanus overflowed into adjacent neighborhoods . 
  [ one man ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/06/nyregion/gowanus-canal-flooding-brings-contamination-concerns.html?_r=0 ) found that , in his attempt to save belongings from the flooding , his legs were covered in some oily substance after touching water . 
  in another case , one resident who dumped his ruined , flooded property on the corner - art , furniture , etc. 
  - found himself shouting at scavengers . 
  he did n't shout at them because they were thieves - it was a health advisory . 
  he shouted at them from his window `` lol that shit got flooded by the gowanus , you do n't want that '' and these broke , looting , desperate motherfuckers understood immediately . 
  visit new york .
