  i got to the looney toons thing and could n't watch anymore . 
  true story , fried chicken in america was originally an invention of the scots . 
  before scottish immigrants popularized it , everyone ate it baked . 
  yes . 
   the way the glossators and commentators raped roman law past their original context can be considered a mess , given how they strayed further and further from the original texts of the corpus iurus civilis . 
  the problem with this is that the the original texts were often highly contradictory - one whole third of the corpus was devoted to selections from roman jurists explaining and accommodating these contradictions . 
  in addition to this , the original context of roman law was roman society - textual purity of the corpus is only really helpful when you live in a roman context . 
  the role of the commentators was to find ways to work through the incongruity between a centuries-old legal text and the still-evolving customary laws of their present . 
  this is n't an irrational act , this is highly rational and considered . 
  the legal humanists emphasized the original context of roman law and textual purity - but the problem is that europe no longer lived in that context , and roman legal traditions needed to be adapted to the existing cultural , political , and religious conditions as they differed from justinian 's rome . 
  seeking to harmonize and implement roman law in a way that is useful to the people still living , centuries after the fact , is n't irrational . 
  the fact is , the legal humanists romanticized classical rome , and allowed their infatuation with a return to an antiquarian ideal supersede the practical application of law , which is why roman law was adapted in the first place - because it was better , practically , in different areas than customary law . 
  as for the sachsenspiegel , it is an early 13th century german text , a codification of the customary and feudal law of the saxons - the name translates to the saxon mirror - and covered customary and feudal law of most of germany north of the main . 
  there are several different manuscripts of it , and it was adopted all across germany with modifications for regional differences - as in the schwabenspiegel . 
  the sachsenspiegel , not justinian 's corpus iuris , was the definitive legal text for much of northern germany with usage in prussia until the general state laws of 1794 , and in saxony until 1865 . 
  its influence was felt still further , being cited in case law until the early 20th century , and its legal influence can be seen in modern german law . 
  i wish i had a copy on me - it 's hard to get in the states , and i 'm not at uni so i do n't have access to my library 's translation . 
  for a work written by dirty germanic barbarians based on dirty germanic barbarian customs , it 's incredibly cogent and sophisticated , and includes legal structures by which the emperor himself could be tried . 
   the romans and greeks were n't nearly as religious as the medieval christian nations were for example . 
  that 's very much wrong . 
  the romans were * incredibly * religious - and incredibly superstitious . 
  the idea of the pax deorum was like an agreement between the gods and man , which could only be maintained by frequent and highly ritualistic religious practice - maintaining the relationship with the gods was seen to be as necessary to a successful society as making sure the grain shipments came on time , and failure to do so was seen as responsible for famines and disaster . 
  the cornerstone of the success of the state , to a roman , was proper religious practice . 
  in addition , omens had to be interpreted before any event of significance - or even insignificance . 
  one possibly dubious account from the battle of drepana has publius claudius pulcher ignoring a horrific omen , throwing the responsible sacred chickens overboard and plunging into one of the most disastrous roman naval defeats of the first punic war . 
  then there is the story of the greek appolonius of tyana , a 1st century ad orator and neopythagorean philosopher , whose story - well , i 'll let bart ehrman tell you the story of appolonius , and how his contemporaries viewed him :  even before he was born , it was known that he would be someone special . 
  a supernatural being informed mother the child she was to conceive would not be a mere mortal but would be divine . 
  he was born miraculously , and he became an unusually precocious young man . 
  as an adult he left home and went on an itinerant preaching ministry , urging his listeners to live , not for the material things of this world , but for what is spiritual . 
  he gathered a number of disciples around him , who became convinced that his teachings were divinely inspired , in no small part because he himself was divine . 
  he proved it to them by doing many miracles , healing the sick , casting out demons , and raising the dead . 
  but at the end of his life he roused opposition , and his enemies delivered him over to the roman authorities for judgment . 
  still , after he left this world , he returned to meet his followers in order to convince them that he was not really dead but lived on in the heavenly realm . 
  later some of his followers wrote books about him . 
  if you 're drawing parallels to jesus , you should - because many of his contemporaries and later ancients did . 
  the greeks were just as susceptible to magical sky thinking as medieval christians and for good reason - much of the early success of the christian church was in greek communities in the 2nd and 3rd centuries . 
  as for this :  by actually returning to legal foundations laid by the romans systematic and critical thinking returned in the field of law , after being mostly absent . 
  those are n't ` assumptions ' , but hard facts . 
  you clearly have no idea how roman law worked . 
  or how medieval law worked . 
  the foundation laid by the romans was n't `` systematic '' - it was the process of centuries of legal decisions based on highly traditionalist and often conservative customary law , customary law that grew haphazardly as new laws were passed ; for centuries , many roman laws were n't even codified , they were simply the * mos maiorum * , the ways of their ancestors . 
  what we call roman law , based on justinian 's corpus iuris , was n't a systematic legal system but a patchwork of edicts - the first part , the codex , was literally a greatest hits collection of imperial edicts going back to hadrian , and prominently featured pronouncements emphasizing christianity as the state religion and banning heresies and pagan practices . 
  and saying that roman law was somehow above and more-rational than others because it was secular is a load of bullshit , because it was entrenched in the religious culture that produced it - as the laws prescribing religion in the corpus iuris clearly show . 
  europe also did n't all of a sudden switch to roman law as a consequence of the renaissance - in britain , the advantages of roman law were minor when compared to their already highly-developed common law ; in north germany , saxon customary law as codified by sachsenspiegel would be the law of the land until the 18th and 19th centuries , with it still being cited by german courts as late as the 1930s . 
  the reassertion of reason ? 
  what ? 
  rationality did n't just disappear for over a thousand years until renaissance humanists championed it again . 
  do n't project your modern assumptions across the past . 
  it 's almost like he 's trying to take a middle ground - some sort of * 3rd position * . 
  ladies and gentlemen , / u/sadlyalone . 
  nah , it refers to 9/11 truthers . 
  jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams !, 
  9/11 was an inside job !, 
  ah yes , i 'm sure that the germans , dutch , etc. 
  would have enjoyed even more of the extractionary french regime . 
  except that , barring egregious outliers like n. korea and russia , virtually every one of china 's neighbors takes turns loathing and fearing them . 
   snobby european i mean , he 's a european - does n't that come with the territory ? 
  are you fucking kidding ? 
  ask the vietnamese if china is a bad actor . 
  ask the filipinos , the malaysians , the bruneians , hell , ask the tibetans if china is a bad actor internationally - oh right , you ca n't , because they 've been occupied for almost 65 years . 
  [ look at this map ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/48951000/gif/_48951920_south_china-sea_1_466.gif ) and tell me that china is acting in good faith . 
  they might as well have claimed everything up to the shore . 
  how fucking asinine can you be ? 
  edit : even better - the sino-vietnamese war , which resulted in clashes between the two states until 1990 !, 
  the chinese idea of a border demarcation agreement in 2000 involved territorial concessions , some of which changed borders which had lasted since the ming dynasty - and certainly not in vietnam 's favor . 
  china may not cause us much grief , but jesus christ they 're far from good neighbors . 
  name the nation competing with america militarily that is an upstanding global citizen . 
  yes , because the people who compete militarily with the united states are always such upstanding global citizens . 
  well hey , think of it this way - you 're not hungary . 
  whoa man let 's not get too ambitious there . 
  clearly it 's cos you ca n't distinguish hairy skirt-wearing scottish men from hairy skirt-wearing scottish women - they just gave up . 
  ehhhh this is not a good comparison . 
  idk , my mixtape is so fire they could use it to execute jordanian pilots . 
  there was a distinct lithuanian elite at the time of the union of lublin , as well as distinct belarusian and ruthenian elites , and while they were polonised , it was not as if poland colonized ruthenia , belarus and lithuania with polish nobles . 
  they assimilated the already extant structures of nobility . 
  eh , the polish elite was just as much the lithuanian elite , which was often composed of leading families from the conquered belarus principalities . 
  the `` polish '' elite was far from homogeneously polish . 
  in short , russia would be even more inhospitable and miserable were it to warm up . 
  there 's no winning . 
   nice list of fallacies . 
  oh shit he took a freshman logic course !, 
  everyone hide !, 
  ... but it is n't much worse off than the rest of them . 
  it 's not great , but it 's doing better than south sudan or somalia , its neighbors . 
  not to mention that their black projects are all accounted for money-wise . 
  a relative of mine , after a career in the military , become a congressional consultant responsible for auditing these things . 
  `` 100 per cent of places of radicalisation are mosques '' , says a radical with no sense of self-awareness . 
  lol, 
  i am a secular jew . 
  oh man , i hate when those fundies brigade my shitty jokes . 
  all those fundies who plague / r/europe , crushing brave intelligent humor everywhere . 
  or , god forbid , a jew . 
   a tank 's main focus is territorial defense what military doctrines have you been reading ? 
  maybe it 's for the best the dutch have no tanks if that 's how they 'd use them . 
   france was hardly instrumental in starting ww1 yes , because the quai d'orsay refusing to communicate with germany during the agadir crisis and pushing a line of escalation , forcing armand caillaux to negotiate with the germans in secret - an act which forced the resignation of him and his ministers - is certainly not something which contributed to the breakdown of relations . 
  certainly , the attempt to annex morocco , notifying every major german power * except * germany , and planning to do so without compensating the very real german business interests in the area , was not a provocative act . 
  and certainly , the french financing of serbian militarization - much french credit and armament went into the support of serbia 's irredentist networks - without regard for serbia 's history as a destabilizing element in the region was * not in any way * a contributing factor to ww1 . 
  i could continue listing , but my point is that france is hardly innocent , and made its fair share of belligerent , poorly-conceived acts . 
  jesus , supporting a terrorist state like early 20th century serbia is bad enough - serbia only survived because of french credit . 
  because european pop culture is already worth so much .
