  tl : dr this is n't the west expanding so much as the ukraine trying to emulate every other former soviet state in escaping russian imperialism, 
  he 's the subject of my favorite farage barrage . 
  i did n't realize that ukraine and russia were one country . 
  it 's important to have context - while this is a moderate escalation , it is not inconsistent with postures from the last few weeks . 
  as of the week prior to the mh17 interception , russia had amassed around 12,000 troops ; at the height of tensions , the russians had around 40-50 thousand on the border . 
  this represents a moderate escalation , but it is uncertain evidence of intent to invade . 
  that is , uncertain evidence of any intent to invade above and beyond hiring , assembling , funding , arming , and organizing a proxy army to disrupt and occupy your neighbor . 
  riiiight , i see where the confusion is . 
  has n't england also recently realized they 're sitting on a fuckton of usable hydrocarbons that * are n't * coal ? 
  the russian line / u/maybejusttom is pushing is best explained , sympathetically and with full force , in [ this article ] ( http://rt.com/news/174412-malaysia-plane-russia-ukraine/ ) . 
  to summarize , the russians claimed that radar showed a ukrainian su-25 jet flying within 3-5km of mh17 , following it , and that the su-25 has an operational ceiling of 10km , and that it carries air-to-air r-60 missiles . 
  let 's break this down for the bullshit it is . 
  the su-25 is a jet designed explicitly for cas , as opposed to the su-24 which has variants designed for multiple roles . 
  cas , or close air support , is generally aircraft working in conjunction with ground forces to tackle ground targets . 
  as a result , su-25 are equipped exclusively with air-to-ground munitions and have a lower operational ceiling . 
  the su-25 can only attain a height of around 7 km , not the 10 claimed by the russians in their story . 
  there is a broad historical basis for these facts . 
  the su-25 functioned in this capacity under the russians in the chechen wars , and in conflicts around the globe , all in the function of cas . 
  throughout these conflicts there are stories of su-25s being nabbed by manpads and stingers , which corroborate their lower operations . 
  now , one might say , why not equip the su-25 with an r-60 ? 
  after all , it is a fairly long range missile , like the russians say . 
  and the r-60 * is * compatible with the su-25 . 
  however , the ukrainian air force has several su-27 air superiority jets with service ceilings of 19km which are far more suitable for the role of shooting civilian airliners out of the sky . 
  likewise , the ukrainians maintain several su-24 fighters which are , again , much better suited for shooting down civilian airliners and have service ceilings to match . 
  so that leaves us the questions : why would ukraine equip cas craft with air-to-air missiles , especially considering the wholly terrestrial nature of their foe ? 
  why would they use cas craft to intercept aerial bogeys when they have air superiority craft to begin with ? 
  why would the russians , considering that they have to know the specs of the planes they 're talking about because they designed 'em , deliberately lie about those same specifications ? 
  the answer is because the russian excuses , and attempts to deflect , and to point blame back at ukraine are a load of bullshit . 
  that 's what happens when you kick poland off the negotiating team . 
  first , article has paywall but that 's ok . 
  anyway , oy gevalt . 
  i know the palestinians are supposed to be the victims in all this , but can we avoid acting like animals , yes ? 
  and what i 'm saying is that `` the east '' is not represented by the rebels . 
  before the uprisings poll numbers did n't even have a plurality of support for separatism , and definitely not a majority . 
  every indication , every metric , every data point available seems to indicate a small minority holding the majority of the east hostage with the support of external actors , and you 're trying to tell me that 's somehow a legitimate movement ? 
  that poroshenko should engage with that as the voice of donbass ? 
  ukrainian army units are encountering relief among civilians in liberated areas . 
  this is n't a grass-roots uprising . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't people who want to secede from ukraine . 
  that 's totally plausible . 
  i 'm saying that the people operating in east ukraine , right now , the ones that exist , the ones that are operating , the ones that are lead and funded and organized by men whose last operations were crimea and chechnya , that movement is bullshit . 
  that is the movement that poroshenko does not want to legitimize , above and beyond not wanting to legitimize separatism . 
  thank goodness i 'm not pissing in anyone 's ear , then . 
  because that would legitimize them when the underlying premise of the ukrainian cause is that they are n't actually separatists but foreign agents . 
  to draw a parallel , it 's as if america payed blackwater to stage a secessionist movement in ontario - that 's what ukraine is arguing is going on in donbass . 
  not a legitimate separatist movement , but foreign provocateurs . 
  and the egyptians are equally as responsible for that . 
  why are n't the palestinians ' muslim brothers in egypt willing to provide food , water and electricity ? 
  why do they maintain the same sort of blockade on gaza the israelis do ? 
  well , it 's helping the union last them out . 
  you 're not doing ukraine any favors . 
  except that the sentence , again , would not make sense if you put cookies in . 
  first of all , america would n't invade eu period - just * implying * that makes you sound like a batshit crackpot - but even entertaining that premise for a moment , your entire post was predicated on them discovering oil . 
  not cookies , oil . 
  and not just anyone discovering it , but american republicans . 
  you might as well have fucking name-dropped haliburton and the new world order . 
  except that this :  you do n't want the next us gop-led government suddenly discovering oil in a debt-enslaved greece , trust me . 
  makes no sense as a piece of rhetoric unless you 're trying to draw a parallel to iraq , because you can literally boil that sentence down to `` america republicans oil '', 
  i do n't give a shit about your text wall or about greece . 
  i raised my eyebrow over people still , 10 years later , thinking iraq was all about oil , and you posted another non sequitur text wall . 
  none of that is at all related to what i said . 
   nothing pressing tell that to the ukrainians . 
  first of all , the nato reports of 12 thousand maximum not 12-15 thousand are current as of 5 days ago . 
  the plane crashed about a day or two ago , which means that any decisions being made either have n't been made yet or have just been made , without going into effect . 
  second , a day and a half is not enough time to gauge international response , figure out everyone else 's move , then decide to mobilize 40 thousand troops and move them 100 km . 
  it does n't work that fast . 
  third of all , no , they have n't doing it for the last 4 + months non-stop . 
  there have been periods of escalation and periods of de-escalation , with mid-june marking , if i recall ( i might be off on the timeline by a week or two here ) a low point in tensions and a corresponding moving away of troops , tanks , etc. 
  fourth , there are no recent rumors of nato invasion of east ukraine . 
  / r/europe is not the international community , and in spite of the fact that we here are by-and-large either baying for blood or insisting it was the ukrainian government , we are not indicative of the ruling bodies of the civilized world . 
  while there has been a call to action , the harshest that call has gone at any level that matters has been moar sanctions . 
  that source is from march . 
  in june we reached a low of ( if i remember right ) around 4 thousand , from which we have since built up to 12 . 
  there is a difference between having 50 thousand troops in the country , and having them mobilized on the border . 
  there are 12 thousand ready , mobilized on the border ; it would take a lot more time to get the rest . 
  gon na ask that you cite sources on the 30-40 thousand within 50-100 . 
  i can verify the 12 , but i 'm combing nato press releases and reuters reports and not seeing the latter , it 'd save me time . 
  alright i ca n't take you seriously . 
  you do n't know nearly enough about american domestic or foreign policy for me to take you seriously if you 're trying to blame events in ukraine on cheney and the wolfowitz doctrine , if you think that cheney of all people was the mastermind behind `` 25 years '' of american foreign intervention . 
  christ , that 's some absurd new world order bullshit . 
   you do n't want the next us gop-led government suddenly discovering oil in a debt-enslaved greece , trust me . 
  really ? 
  we 're still on `` america invaded iraq because oil '' ? 
  last nato estimates ( roughly 5 days ago ) put it at around 12 thousand i thought , not upwards of 50 ? 
  even at the peak it was only a maximum of 40 thousand , not this 50 thousand you speak of . 
   cheney i know europeans do n't think american politics is important but come on he has n't been a significant player since the bush administration . 
  only reason he was significant then was because he was a strong , manipulative vp with a weaker president . 
  unless cheney is some sort of go-to boogeyman . 
  though the fact that half of the european far right has an oil pipeline to putin 's wallet probably does n't help . 
  yeah who knows i did n't make the map . 
  facebook has gone through many iterations , with its primary newsfeed being called a few different things including newsfeed itself . 
  the most recent moniker is the timeline , i believe . 
  i do n't think so , i think they just colored in whole nations . 
  [ that time you lost your entire fleet to the british ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_copenhagen_ ( 1807 ), 
   economic sanitations hehehe, 
  defending territorial integrity eh ? 
  when someone discovers what that point objectively is , come back to me , yeah ? 
  do n't cut anyone on all that edge there . 
  the eu does n't have an approach to things . 
  that would imply the eu is united enough to have a coherent foreign policy .
