  that place is a barely developed shithole . 
  can confirm . 
  living in usa , just had to fight off local warlord 's machete-armed goons so that i could make it to the city for my rickshaw business . 
  accidentally stepped on at least 5 used fake-heroin needles and caught tetanus , hiv and hepatitis . 
  then the machete-armed goons came to my village , kidnapped my children for their army and/or diamond mines , and burned my village to the ground . 
  at least they gave me the choice of long sleeves or short sleeves . 
  well there are several . 
  if you look at the closest thing the late empire had to a constitution , the golden bull of 1356 , it essentially enshrined the sovereignty of the 7 electors at the expense of everyone else - particularly the free cities . 
  it enshrined , for instance , the privilegium de non appellando ; on the territory of the electors , citizens could n't appeal to any legal authority higher than the electorate itself , completely decoupling the 7 electors from the judicial system of the overarching empire . 
  even in the rest of the empire the judicial process could be incredibly slow , with some cases literally spanning centuries without resolution . 
  there was also the issue in the judicial system of overlap between the reichskammergericht and the imperial aulic council , both ostensibly the highest courts in the reich , which had overlapping competencies and conflicting composition , with the latter largely being staffed by cronies of the emperor . 
  with regards to disagreement and discord , this was always legendary within the reich . 
  the fact that the reich is never shown on maps as a nation like france or spain , but a loose patchwork of statelets , is a testament to this . 
  the 30 years war was just as much about the rights , privileges and prerogatives of the princes as it was about religion ; layered on the fear of catholic dominance was the fear that the emperor might well act like an emperor and expect obedience from the princes . 
  even outside of the centralization-decentralization debate there was discord . 
  for instance , the wars between the margraves of brandenburg and the dukes of pomerania ran on-and-off for something like 4 centuries without resolution , and spanned four different dynasties in brandenburg . 
  there was constant disagreement on the local level between free cities and regional nobility over land usage , tolls , traffic and taxation . 
  an okay-ish book on this matter for if you do n't want to dig into heavy academic stuff is the burgermeister 's daughter . 
  on another topic of disagreement and discord , we often forget that for a long time italy was a part of the empire and some of the most consistent civil discord was located there , from the guelphs and the ghibbelines ( which was essentially a conflict between the papal and imperial camps or , if you will , between a foreign power afraid of a strong centralized empire and those pesky hre-federalists , though that is rather reductive and simplistic . ), 
  as for foreign powers trying to manipulate the internal politics of the empire , the protestant league during the 30 years war was almost entirely subsidized by the french , who were terrified of the idea of the habsburgs consolidating their authority over the empire - much like how , today , putin supports and funds anti-eu far right parties across europe because the idea of a strong , united europe is anathema to his geopolitical goals . 
  oh absolutely - i often fall back on 19th century germany and the kleinstaaterei in my discussions and arguments in favor of eu federalism . 
   10 or 11 horses were involved with humans sexually i like the way you phrased it , because that makes it sound like they had illicit affairs - hotel rooms booked under false names , drinking cosmopolitans while wearing heavy shades to hide their identities . 
  i think - and this is just because it 's my area of study - that more of those who are interested in the eu from a historical perspective , and its viability and flaws , should study the 1st reich . 
  the empire functioned in many ways as the eu did - an ostensibly superior supranational body containing a large number of political bodies which contested this and sought their own interests , often to the expense of the overarching body as a whole . 
  paralysis in the institutions , disagreement and discord , and foreign powers trying to manipulate internal constituents to keep it weak . 
  smart europeans would look at the many parallels , and try to learn from the history of the empire . 
  see what happened to it and why , and what could be done differently . 
  poland actually has a rather sizable arms industry of its own , i believe . 
  except that if you look at a map , sinjar sits along a major supply line between the syrian portions of isis and mosul , which is virtually surrounded and cut off by kurdish forces . 
  the truth of the matter is that kurdish forces - including peshmerga and , in spite of what barzani said , also including elements of the ypg/ypj , yazidi militias , and some pkk - retook sinjar from the islamic state . 
  they inflicted casualties . 
  there are isis terrorists dead as a result of this offensive . 
  the 660 mile long frontline the iraqi kurds have been holding by themselves because of the incompetence of the arab iraqi army has been made easier to defend because of a kurdish offensive enabled by coalition airstrikes . 
  embedded reporters have footage and pictures of this offensive . 
  you are not only objectively and technically wrong , in that the kurds have been fighting isis , but substantively wrong , in that the only faction on the ground to be effectively defeating isis and regaining territory happens to be the kurds . 
  that is not to say that the pkk are good guys , that they are n't terrorists , that their crimes against turkish civilians - whatever those crimes may be - are n't abhorrent . 
  but the truth of the matter is that the turks , who have banned ypg/ypj fighters from crossing the euphrates , have n't made a goddamn move to establish that fsa safe zone in the territory that isis currently holds , that territory they 've banned the ypg/ypj from , and the turks have largely sat by as a humanitarian crisis struck for years as a result of isis . 
  i do n't pretend to know the intricacies of the kurdish problem in turkey . 
  both sides have made disastrous choices , but i do n't know enough to judge which is worse . 
  i do know that in syria and iraq , the kurds are the only one fighting worth a damn on behalf of any sort of secular or democratic cause - and even outside of that , the only ones fighting ( and beating back ) isis , period . 
  assad and his russian allies have focused on killing off the fsa , while the iraqi army has crumbled . 
  as my father has told me , the only thing an arab army is good for is looking important for parades and terrifying the local populace - and so far , that seems to hold up . 
  meanwhile the kurds , undermanned , under-armed , and opposed by people who should be allies , are winning . 
  what is a westerner supposed to think ? 
  yes , which is why * literally a week ago * sinjar mysteriously came under the control of the kurds . 
  clearly the kurds are n't fighting isis since `` a while ago '' because isis gave sinjar to the kurds as a gift of goodwill , amirite ? 
  breivik was `` one mentally ill man '' whose violent enactment of that illness was a direct product of right-wing ideology . 
  what a stupid fucking comment . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  leave ? 
  pack a satchel 's worth of things and search for a better life ? 
  vote with their feet ? 
  assuming that they do that , where do they go ? 
  where will they be safe ? 
  where is this better life ? 
  because last i checked , folks like yourself have been calling out the rallying cry of `` not in my backyard '' . 
  the migrants flooding europe are a drop in the bucket compared to the millions of displaced people already wandering the middle east , and the many more who are trapped where they live . 
  so in a century or two we can expect the catastrophic splintering of the polish state into feuding provinces ? 
  counting down the minutes til our secret yankee plot succeeds and we can convert / r/europe into a `` lol usa  europoors '' circlejerk . 
   as for the `` life on planet '' , i am sadly forced to conclude you must be an idiot , because life on earth is absolutely everywhere , including places that are absolutely deadly to humans . 
  nothing short of hurling earth straight into the sun will be able to end life on this planet . 
  the problem is n't earth becoming a lifeless ball , or that humanity itself will go about purging life from every corner . 
  the problem is that even ecosystems as large as ours can suffer enough peripheral damage to cause cascade failures throughout , and there are already indications that a mass extinction is underway . 
  sure , there were 5 mass extinctions prior to this , give or take , and `` life '' in the abstract sense survived , but that 's pretty poor recompense for the absurd numbers of species lost to history . 
  life on the planet is already at stake for a myriad of reasons , but many of them are our fault . 
  we 're in the middle of what could be the 6th mass extinction in the history of the planet . 
  [ a recently published study suggested that some 7 % of earth 's species have gone extinct ] ( http://www.pnas.org/content/112/25/7761.abstract ) . 
  while the numbers and scope vary depending on the studies and scientists talked to , the tenor of the message does not : species are going extinct at a rate completely unprecedented , and orders of magnitude higher than should be expected . 
  looking for towel openings on dalmatian beaches . 
  oh you are completely correct - adjective ( and article ) endings have given me hell in my learning . 
  are you a native english speaker ? 
  i 'm curious merely to compare notes . 
  if you 'll allow some anecdotal evidence - my experience from learning german has been that most of the basic grammar - especially nouns , pronouns , adjectives and such , but to a lesser extent verbs - is extremely similar to english . 
  grammar , similarly , on a very basic level , is very east to learn from an english-language perspective . 
  this might make sense from a historical perspective - though this is conjecture , of course - in that french linguistic influence was largely brought in through the invading norman nobility , while the largely ( by that point ) germanic lower-classes would have retained their linguistic mores . 
  the greens and the left renew calls to leave nato in response . 
  well , they were until i visited , 
  this is a nice summer steak recipe that i found by experimentation ( and inspired by a week of paprika-binge in budapest ) . 
  get your favorite cut of steak . 
  if i have the choice , i 'll use a filet or a sirloin , but most will do - strip , porterhouse , what have you . 
  slice a lemon into circular slices , as opposed to wedges . 
  as a rule of thumb , one lemon for each hunk of steak , although really it depends on the amount of citrus you want . 
  rub it on both sides with salt , pepper , and paprika , to taste . 
  if you wan na get fancy you can do freshly ground peppercorns . 
  i remember one steak night for 8 people where my roommates and i spent an entire day grinding peppercorns in a pestle and mortar . 
  8 pounds of steak takes a lot of pepper . 
  anyway , once your steak is all rubbed up , heat up a pan and melt some butter in it . 
  once you 've got a nice layer of melted butter , throw in a healthy ( read : probably excessive ) amount of minced garlic . 
  fresh or from a jar , or if you 're super shit-tier dried flakes from a bottle , just make sure you 've got garlic . 
  throw your steak into the pan , on top of the butter and garlic . 
  throw the lemon into the pan , putting some slices alongside the steak and some squeezed on top . 
  flip over , etc. 
  etc. , until the steak is as well done as you want it . 
  if you 're not heathen scum , this means your steak is rare . 
  for a bonus , take the juices of the steak , lemon , butter , garlic , etc. , and leave them in the pan . 
  add a bit more garlic , and a bit of oil , then throw in a heap of spinach and sautee the shit out of it . 
  once it 's more or less sauteed , boom , you have a motherfucking side dish . 
  add a loaf of bread and you have a meal . 
  in all truth ? 
  i live in upstate ny , i 'd recommend living upstate .
