  do you have a blog ? 
  because your posts are far and away the most informed and reasonable i see on / r/europe , regardless of topic . 
  nope . 
  that is definitely not what they do here in the usa . 
  i believe the technical term is `` refractory period '' . 
  oh man , you know what this calls for ? 
  drinking ? 
  maybe . 
  not quite what i was thinking . 
  therapy ? 
  yes . 
  definitely . 
  therapy . 
  this calls for therapy . 
  you forget that the chinese farmers , at least in america , brought with them organized crime in the form of tongs , and were subject to discriminatory laws such as the chinese exclusion act . 
  they imported women illegally , treating them like chattel , fought bloody gang wars , and composed much of the unskilled labor on the west coast in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . 
  they integrated , over time , and now are an inseparable part of american culture . 
  their restaurants post letters thanking the jews for keeping them in their christmas traditions . 
  or the irish - oh god , the irish . 
  `` hell 's kitchen '' in nyc was n't named for gordan ramsay 's television series . 
  it was one of the dirtiest , poorest , most violent slums in america - and it was as irish as binge-drinking on st. paddy 's day and starving for want of taters . 
  and throughout all of this , as the chinese farmers and the irish dirt-eaters assimilated to the american way of life , reactionary press and politicians cast all of these immigrants as violent , lazy , job-stealing , insidious threats to society . 
  now people who are n't irish get piss-drunk on st. paddy 's day and ruin new york for the rest of us as the irishmen form political dynasties and send us to the moon . 
  the chinese are just as integral to american culture and life . 
  and anti-immigration politicians , journalists , and citizens fought that every step of the way . 
  let 's not forget the popular opinion regarding these same `` chinese farmers '' that yobnafue glorifies , even beyond the irish and italian immigrants . 
  we 've historically had laws passed banning chinese immigration because of fears of chinese tongs and insidious chinamen taking good american jobs . 
  today , a movie and chinese takeout is a virtually sacrosanct jewish tradition on christmas day ; chinatown is a tourist and general cultural attraction in cities on both coasts of america . 
  chinese-american culture has become an essential part of the patchwork of american culture , and even if the same spectre of racism looms no one can really imagine an america without china . 
  much the same goes for koreans - some of the most defining moments of american pop political culture in the past several decades feature korean americans . 
  the fact of the matter is that assimilation is difficult no matter the group , though there are degrees of difficulty . 
  i doubt , however , that most americans would cast out the chinese , or the koreans , or the japanese , or the irish , italians and germans , after the generations that they 've been here . 
  you 're more than welcome to gtfo new york if you feel that way about even legal immigrants , mister bavarian in new york . 
  as a new yorker i can tell you that we 've benefited much more from having immigrants around than we 've lost , and many of the great cultural touchstones in ny come from immigrants . 
  i think a lot of it comes down to rural/urban . 
  hungary rates at 20 % , but my father and i were able to visit budapest a few years back and have a good time in spite of knowing absolutely no hungarian - the only language problem was the elderly caretaker of the apartment we stayed in , with whom my father had to communicate in very broken german . 
  aside from that , from restaurants and shops to even the rather brutish policemen , we were able to communicate fairly well . 
  well , switzerland does have a lot of experience with holding onto the valuables of at-risk populations . 
  i do n't think that there is an antidemocratic coup going on * necessarily * . 
  i think it 's too early to really say whether pis 's consolidation of power is particularly remarkable in the longer term . 
  i was only addressing your previous comment , which was remarkably facile in its apathy . 
  one of the main aims of bears is to eat all the goddamn food they can find , but we typically do n't shrug our shoulders when they ransack our garage and kitchen . 
  just because one of their `` main aims '' is to remain in power , just because it 's `` basic knowledge '' does n't mean that there should n't be restrictions on how they go about doing that - that 's also basic knowledge . 
  oh shi - brb , contacting ~ ~ zionist conspiracy ~ ~ the government . 
  if i do , will i get free zywiec porter for life as a reward ? 
  on the other hand , emigrating poles are welcome in america !, 
  more polish grocery stores !, 
  polish grocery stores for everyone !, 
  i grew up a few blocks from one in brooklyn - they had a wall of pickles . 
  hey , at least you can claim shepherd 's pie and its affiliates . 
  meat pies are one of the wonders of the world . 
  america : importing the world 's best , brightest , but more often mediocre , since 1776 . 
  ah , well it looks like netflix has sole distribution rights in america , my bad . 
  it might have to do with different rights licensing laws in different countries . 
  i 'd imagine the selection will expand fairly rapidly over time once they can prove there 's enough interest in the service to justify wrangling all of the different streaming rights . 
  in the meanwhile , the actual netflix originals are a + + + ( peaky blinders is amazing , sense8 is pretty good , bojack horseman and unbreakable kimmy schmidt are very funny ) and should last anyone a decent amount of time if they 're not bingewatching 6 hours a day . 
  innovative , paradigm-challenging works of performance art can shave off up to 80 % of a jail term . 
   looking at usa as a prime example . 
  washington has become a magnet for special interest groups which have too great an influence in the laws . 
  at least in europe , directives and such still have to interpreted and ratified by member states , so lobbyists have to physically reach every capitol . 
  that alone dilutes the powers of special interest groups . 
  that may be true for foreign policy , but a large amount of domestic policy is determined on the local and state scale . 
  a good example of this is raising the minimum wage - there is a lot of debate about it on the federal level , where it 's mostly stalled , but on a state-by-state and city-by-city level there 's been a lot of success . 
  other examples include lgbt rights and pot legalization . 
  the former is a case where it was states that led the way for a federal victory , and in the latter it is states that are doing the same and proving that it wo n't cause the end of the world . 
  washington is important to be sure , but the 24h news cycle overemphasizes washington because local politics is fairly boring for syndicated national audiences . 
  this is one of the reasons that , for instance , bernie sanders has such a problem with name recognition . 
  people ask what he 's done , what his track record is - as an iconoclastic senator from vermont , he 's managed to do a lot in the senate , but his really crazy track record that demonstrates his abilities has been largely regional , which is n't as sexy . 
  do n't touch that thang unless you wan na run train . 
  you would n't happen to be polish , would you ? 
  your implication that corporate capitalist interests are anything less than 100 % altruistic is pretty offensive tbh . 
   edit : forgot to mention guns god bless the 2nd amendment \\  serbian \\  likes guns neat, 
  itt : lots o ' white folks being happy another white folk let them off the hook for colonialism, 
  i would n't even consider it a bonus . 
  a cokehead coming into a stash they did n't know they had is n't a bonus , it 's a disincentive to break the addiction . 
  more oil/gas should not be a long-term goal, 
  buffalo is a desolate wasteland new yorkers do n't talk about except when they 're surprised by the new level of terrible weather they 've reached . 
  also yemenis = / = syrians . 
  definitely an opportunity . 
  i wish obama would plant some syrians near where i live in upstate ny , because having to travel several hours by train to go to mamoun 's in nyc for decent goddamn falafel is a travesty . 
  in english it does n't sound bad at all . 
  `` decent people '' do n't like antisemitic violence . 
  it 's not like he was saying `` decent people '' oppose communism . 
  in america we have nixon 's invocation of the `` silent majority '' for family values and opposing communism , but i 'd imagine if the `` silent majority '' was invoked to say `` killing people is bad '' no one would really be amused . 
   referring to a quote from former chancellor schroeder , who demanded an `` uprising of the decent people '' in response to antisemitic violence . 
  since became a pejorative for people who think they have the license to define ` decent ' . 
  maybe i 'm off-base , but if `` the decent people '' refers to `` hey we should n't be ok with antisemitic violence '' and `` the decent people '' is used as a pejorative , maybe those using it as a pejorative are dickheads . 
   imagine , if a muslim community was selling halal meat and a % of the tax revenue went to fund crusades . 
  this is essentially the same thing . 
  no , no it 's not the same thing . 
  on the one hand , we have amazon using the proceeds from an anti-immigration group to support aid for refugees in specific . 
  on the other hand , we have the proceeds from muslim food being used to support outright holy war and murder . 
  this is not a good analogy . 
  a more apt , albeit also imperfect , analogy would be amazon using the proceeds from a song popular among israeli settlers to fund palestinian aid organizations . 
  in both cases , distasteful but de facto legal organizations would indirectly fund victimless aid organizations . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  heh , 8 % worry about climate change . 
  too bad i 'm not kevin costner . 
   it is important to keep in mind that we are not us citizens , and therefore have no ability to affect the us internal politics or guarantee that we would ever be treated equally to us citizens . 
  did i hear applications for statehood ?
