  sure , it 's not all peaches and cream . 
  america has a problem with race relations that 's escalated in recent years hand-in-hand with an increasing culture of political polarization . 
  but still , i 'd rather live in a country of diverse cultures constantly in dialogue , constantly sharing and interacting and evolving , than in a hermetically-sealed white nature preserve . 
  in other news , swedish scientists have recently pushed a controversial new theory positing that rain comes from clouds . 
  i am presenting it like an adult . 
  i 'm not obliged to respect obvious bullshit like what arudas spewed just because i 'm an adult . 
  you 're not an american . 
  arudas tried to present america as some multicultural nightmare . 
  you 're a german , you have literally a 4th as many non-europeans as we do non-white people . 
  and yet , i presented any number of reasons why white people are 100 % a-ok in america in spite of the obvious flood of barbarians we 're suffering from . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  arudas tried to paint the picture that america is undergoing some evil multicultural metamorphosis where race traitors forced the mixing of neighborhoods through legal measures , such that every white neighborhood had a quota of ~ ~ untermensch ~ ~ ~ ~ filthy niggers ~ ~ minorities who 100 % were forced to live there or else the evil leftists would come and deport the god-fearing , racially pure , non-multicultural white victims of immigration to gulags in alaska ( though , to be frank , that might be too cruel - i would n't send anyone to alaska ) . 
  the truth is , the suburbs are predominantly white , as a product of largely discriminatory housing practices in the 50s and 60s , among other factors ; blacks tend to congregate in the cities for a number of historical reasons , meaning that rural america is also predominantly white . 
  while mexican immigrants ( and children of immigrants ) can be found everywhere as migrant workers , particularly in the southwest , they almost always form an underclass of underpaid and legally-dubious residents . 
  the definition of a minority is n't `` an oddity '' , it 's tied into power structures and economic and political dependency . 
  the blacks who lived in harlem in the 30s , 40s and 50s certainly were n't an oddity , and helped to define american ( beyond black ) culture during that time period , permanently changing the course of music and culture in america . 
  the hungarians and czechs who lived in austria-hungary were , arguably , a minority , but they were n't oddities . 
  when i say an oddity , i mean that there are areas of america where `` white flight '' and other demographic trends have enabled white americans to isolate themselves from minority culture such that minorities are n't a local issue , they are n't people that locals deal with on a day to day basis - they 're a national plague , subhuman talking points to be referenced on the local right-wing news station . 
  for a personal example of how all this applies , my hometown in rural america is almost entirely white . 
  minorities are few and far between , and serve largely to staff the occasional ethnic restaurant . 
  there 's a campground near my house that , in the summers , services black christian revivals , which easily quintuples the black population of my town for a few weeks . 
  when i drive through what counts as `` down town '' , the people i see are white , the shop owners are white , the pimple-faced teenagers staffing the pharmacy counters are white . 
  white people have more than enough presence to fill a stormfront pamphlet of the ideal neighborhood . 
  my sister , who goes to school locally ? 
  all her friends are white , all of her church is white . 
  she has one black friend , and he 's basically white . 
  white people are n't suffering in america . 
  and yet , there are still vast swathes of america where seeing a minority is an oddity . 
  they do . 
  it 's called everywhere else . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  if you 'd like i could explain the joke . 
  the reason that the greek stat is n't listed is because in order for there to be a wage gap , there have to be jobs in the first place . 
  [ the szekelys , the hungarians who live in transylvania . 
   robbing banks was used by terrorist groups to fund their operation before . 
  and thus can be part of terrorism . 
  no , no it ca n't . 
  terrorism is explicitly the use of terror for political ends . 
  bank robbery can be used by anyone , for any ends - especially getting filthy rich . 
  bank robberies can support terrorism , but they are n't terrorism themselves . 
  otherwise , as another user commented , anything from money laundering to donations would count as terrorism if it involves terrorist groups . 
  for a larger comparison - isil is very much a terrorist organization , but no one considers their theft and illegal export of iraqi oil to be terrorism . 
   and now get the fuck out of my country , sauprei\u00df . 
  bavarians still salty about the fact that they were never the relevant ones . 
  that 's because the szekelys produce more than enough salt to meet demand . 
  it was a joke about how the hungarians migrated into the carpathian basin during ( or , in truth , towards the end of ) the migration period . 
  you see , one definition of irony is a state of affairs that seems directly contrary to what one expects ; for instance , a magyar , lacking self-awareness , decrying immigration as an indication of a new migration period - that same migration period that led to the existence of a hungarian nation . 
  the actual capacity of these new immigrants towards infighting and having their shit-rocked is irrelevant . 
  it was a joke - hopefully the new carpathian basin product of a new migration period wo n't become occupied for 400 years , was the gist of it . 
   the current situation is not a refugee issue , but a new migration period , which will have serious consequences not only for europe but for the whole world . 
  a new migration period ? 
  maybe this time a people less-susceptible to infighting and getting their shit rocked by the turks will move into the carpathian basin . 
  right , that 's the germans . 
  as someone else said , the turks funding one big one is a lot better than the saudis funding a lot of little ones . 
  turkish islam tends to be a lot more moderate than most , and especially infinitely more moderate than saudi wahhabism . 
  while the turkish government is n't great , it 's a damn sight better for them to monopolize influence over the muslims of romania than the saudis . 
  that drug decriminalization is pretty sweet brah * hits blunt *, 
  if i had money i 'd do that , and buy a sailboat i could live in . 
  wander around the aegean with that as my home base . 
  there is so much bad history in there it makes me cringe . 
  it 's worth noting that gerxit , when pronounced , sounds like `` jerks it '' . 
  top banter my belligerent friend . 
  the collapse of several hundred years of french foreign policy . 
    germany had `` unashamedly revealed itself as europe 's chief disciplinarian ''  can someone explain to me how this is a bad thing for germany 's reputation ? 
  i , for one , am more aroused than ever . 
  man , i forgot that part of my history book where germany became a major european player by spending several centuries fragmented into tiny statelets . 
  you 're completely right - but it 's better to be a weak member with other weak members , than a weak member tied to one overwhelmingly strong one . 
  maybe the issue is that in a federation with spain , specifically , portugal would likely play second fiddle to a larger and more populous spain , but in a broader european federation spain would n't be as dominant ? 
  or in your pizza metaphor , sure there 's tomato , but it 's balanced by the cheese , bread , spices and toppings . 
  please , everyone knows about italy 's prominent land border with poland . 
  you forget , in scotland beer is subsidized by the nhs as an antidepressant . 
  that 's just the co-pay . 
   also please forget all your ~ ~ money ~ ~ organs here i think that 's what you meant . 
  what he 's saying is that our more wealthy states subsidize our poorer states - which is true . 
  taxation on the federal level helps ensure that projects in poorer states are viable in spite of lesser tax bases . 
  better off states more or less directly subsidize the poorer ones - and this is a good thing , because it makes the whole union healthier . 
  it 's easier to prove capability ( or lack thereof ) than intent . 
  if people believe america is some malevolent power spreading stds to kill black people , saying `` but we 're really not that bad '' does n't have as big an impact as `` really ? 
  we could n't if we wanted to '' . 
  well , that definitely takes a nomination for creepiest fandom . 
  you might be surprised , but it turns out we do have it in english . 
  tech dirt is actually a very high quality , respected blog when it comes to tech news . 
  their `` the sky is rising '' media research project is incredibly comprehensive and valuable , for instance , in describing emergent trends in media production and consumption . 
   you 'll notice western powers are just sending trainers and cargo vehicles , it 's all they trust ukraine with for now . 
  well , they 're also sending humvees - part of the issue is that the west is very reluctant to seem like they 're arming the ukrainians , so they 're doing everything but . 
  it 's not a matter of trust - though trust certainly factors into it - so much as the west is n't willing to take the step of providing lethal aid . 
  gibe dbet restroctor plos, 
   i also have to eat russian steaks instead of quality australian or new zealand one , and russian meat is not recognized for its taste . 
  i am so sorry - quality steaks are one of life 's small joys . 
  let it all out , man , it 's ok - you 're in a safe space here . 
  so literally pegida ? 
  what do they have against valentine 's day ? 
  people cheer for bernie sanders , not because he is a socialist , but because he is one of the few sensible , relatively not-corrupted politicians in america , whose voting record on major issues tracks with the views of a significant portion of america 's youth - especially when contrasted to other presidential candidates . 
  ah shit , better quit my job and buy a caravan . 
  [ way ahead of you ] ( http://www.seriessub.com/series/episodes/23039.jpg ), 
   however , the term `` gender theories '' is kind of vague . 
  if they are referring to tumblr-esque `` gender theories '' , that 's just pure stupidity . 
  no , they 're referring to the academic field which has existed for years and years . 
  `` ah shit , your cooking made me prolapse again . '', 
  holy shit this is actually the worst thing i 've ever watched .
