  this is news from spain . 
  so my comment stands : keep it classy . 
  [ you forgot poland !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mahtgnik4q4#t=27 ), 
  poland and the former soviet states in general are consistently relegated to the role of a shrieking cassandra , the countries that cry wolf , and radek sikorski - in his role as a representative poland - is not an exception . 
  it 's a testament to his dynamism and vigor that he was as influential as he was early on , but as it stands it was not polish warnings but a malaysian airliner that finally convinced europe that maybe putin is n't the paragon of democracy schroeder proclaimed . 
  that 's not `` poland having an influence '' that 's `` europe gets caught with its pants down and does damage control . '', 
  the fact that poland was adamant in calling for sanctions does n't mean that europe was paying attention . 
  moreover , in all of the recent serious diplomatic talks , poland , in spite of being involved in the ukrainian events since the beginning morally if not substantially , has in fact been left out in recent weeks . 
  so yes , i do find this whole thing amusing . 
  mostly because poland consistently proves that it 's right , europe consistently proves itself incapable of listening to poland , and then poland still foots the bill when europe realizes its mistake . 
  eh , he did the moral thing . 
  if the chain of command is corrupt , then you ca n't fix things within the chain of command , can you ? 
  alright , [ here 's the point i 'm making ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2014/07/polish-politics ) . 
  russia targeting poland for sanctions after poland has been sidelined by europe is something i find amusing . 
  they 've been among the people calling for stronger sanctions , yes , like the baltic states . 
  however , if you look at the diplomats and politicians actually involved in organizing the eu response to russia 's activities , radek sikorski - and poland more generally - was only really prominent up until i think may , when he sort of dropped off of the face of events . 
  even before his `` america = worthless '' boondoggle western europe was phasing him out as a cassandra figure . 
  edit : [ here 's the article ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2014/07/polish-politics ), 
  keep it classy , spain . 
  norway : making the tough calls, 
  i meant for the european sanctions . 
  which is funny because poland has been largely kicked out of the decision-making process . 
  such is life in poland . 
  the horror !, 
  the horror !, 
   beer is not my thing alright , you 're on the first train out . 
  zywiec porter from the glorious rzeczpospolita . 
  in addition to being dark , strong ( ~ 9.5 % i think ) and tasty , it makes me feel like i 'm doing my part to invest in ~ ~ eastern ~ ~ southern poland . 
  they 're not doing so well on the `` do n't seem like a dick '' front . 
  right , so , that 's a really bad way of looking at it because it turns this into an emotional `` russia fighting western fascism '' issue , and patronizingly ignores the ukrainian stake in the matter . 
  instead i 'll post what i think is a better parallel that takes into account the past 20 years , which i 've posted before . 
  this is n't the expansion of western influence so much as the tail end of the collapse of soviet influence . 
  the former implies western willpower and center of gravity , whereas the latter has more obvious implications towards self-determination . 
  lem me put it this way . 
  when the soviet union fell in the early 90s , one by one its satellite states broke off - or tried to - in spite of everything russia tried to do . 
  the only states that really could n't were belarus and ukraine , and to a lesser extent georgia/moldova . 
  belarus and ukraine were not , as such , independent nations strictly speaking - they were the last remaining vestiges of the russian empire , which by then had gone through two major changes of paint . 
  the ukrainian economy was exploited brutally by an incestuous cohort of ukrainian-russian oligarchs working in concert , and a political elite formed that worked together in large part . 
  what we 're seeing now is not some strange revolution out of the blue , or a western coup in russia 's near abroad . 
  more aptly , euromaidan and the events ensuing have more in common with solidarity in poland , and in the case of the russian intervention , the january events of [ lithuania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events ) and [ latvia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_1991_events_in_latvia ) in 1991 , albeit on a larger and more desperate scale . 
  more explicitly , the russian intervention here is directly analogous to the soviet intervention in moldova resulting in the formation of transnistria . 
  in every case , the goal was to thwart the attempted independence of vassal states , or at least in the case of moldova prevent their further drift . 
  likewise , putin is n't some new type of russian politician - he 's former kgb , a holdover from the soviet union , inculcated with kgb methodologies and ideology . 
  he 's just gorbachev in 2014 , trying to keep together what little remains of his decaying empire , declaring the independence movements of his vassal states to be illegitimate usurpers like gorbachev did for lithuania and latvia . 
  the difference here is that putin 's domestic support is sufficient , and his desperation equally so , that his tenacity in trying to hold onto ukraine is much greater . 
  tl : dr this is n't the west expanding so much as the ukraine trying to emulate every other former soviet state in escaping russian imperialism, 
  public relations for the federal state of novorossiya brought to you by bank of america , the nuremberg trials , and king leopold ii of belgium . 
  and then the germans set khodorkovsky on a train to russia from switzerland in 2017 and everything comes full circle . 
  entire orders of difference between that intelligence and this intelligence . 
  saddam 's wmds were based off of bad humint - that is to say , unreliable , outsourced human intelligence ( informants like curveball who played the system for immigration purposes , or like ahmed chalabi who fabricated evidence for political gain ) . 
  contrast that with what we have now , where much of the intel that america is releasing publicly , or releasing some knowledge that we have it , is gained via satellite imagery and physical proof . 
  there is no disgruntled mid-level putin advisor looking for a green card playing american paranoia for all it 's worth with forged memoranda - it 's just satellite data and the like . 
  of course poland is the most confused about the question . 
  they call this eastern european capitalism . 
  ssshhh do n't worry about it, 
  that 's actually a pretty decent parallel - except instead of memorials , mock villages , like museum exhibits . 
  teepees or longhouses which may not have even reflected local tribal constructions but rather the occupants conceptions of `` native american '' culture . 
  all over this , a glaring blank space concerning their own cultural role in the absence of the prior culture . 
  we wanted to wait until your 13th birthday to tell you but yes , teacupdk , you and the rest of your country are adopted . 
  not relevant to the analogy . 
  the natives = / = mexicans , san diego = / = native settlement , etc. 
  you can follow . 
  that 's the sort of food for thought that gives you mental diarrhea . 
  i think , like , the real question is - do * we * exist , man ? 
  * coughs , exhales smoke *, 
  that this is a bit tasteless . 
  it 's like if , within two or three generations of the mexican-american war , the new yankee administration of california decided that they wanted to rediscover and rebuild all of the old mexican missions and architecture in and around san diego , right on the border of mexico , in order to celebrate how great mexican culture was . 
  except that when we took san diego , it had a population of a few hundred on top of never being a mexican cultural-population center , and we did n't ethnically cleanse or level it in the ensuing decade . 
  does that mean a hundred years from now a russian tony blair will cede kaliningrad back to germany ? 
  i was making a joke . 
  no one liked my joke . 
  at least i have german 101 to look forward to . 
  it depends , it 's not very consistent about when it 'll offer translation . 
  i think khuilo in ukrainian translates closer to dickhead than whore , but i could be ( and probably am ) wrong . 
  oh then no big deal . 
  ( do n't forget hannah arendt < 3 ) joking aside though , those are still important figures and konigsberg is still an important cultural center ( historically ) for germany . 
  it 's not like it was just some town in bumblefuck nowhere like gumbinnen . 
  q_q every time something like this happens i can almost hear professors and advisers tell me that learning german in uni is not `` strategic '' . 
  please germany stop capitulating to anglosphere dominance even if we are clearly ~ ~ freer , superior , sexier , have better pop music ~ ~ running the marketplace , it just makes it harder to justify my academic germanophilia . 
  look at your cultural heritage , germany !, 
  look at it !, 
  is n't it cute ? 
  philosophers and theologians and artists and kings were born here . 
  is n't it pretty ? 
  look at what you 've lost . 
  if you google them together it 's one of the top youtube results . 
  this is n't the expansion of western influence so as the tail end of the collapse of soviet influence . 
  lem me put it this way . 
  when the soviet union fell in the early 90s , one by one its satellite states broke off - or tried to - in spite of everything russia tried to do . 
  the only states that really could n't were belarus and ukraine , and to a lesser extent georgia/moldova . 
  belarus and ukraine were not , as such , independent nations strictly speaking - they were the last remaining vestiges of the russian empire , which by then had gone through two major changes of paint . 
  the ukrainian economy was exploited brutally by an incestuous cohort of ukrainian-russian oligarchs working in concert , and a political elite formed that worked together in large part . 
  what we 're seeing now is not some strange revolution out of the blue , or a western coup in russia 's near abroad . 
  more aptly , euromaidan and the events ensuing have more in common with solidarity in poland , and in the case of the russian intervention , the january events of [ lithuania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events ) and [ latvia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_1991_events_in_latvia ) in 1991 , albeit on a larger and more desperate scale . 
  more explicitly , the russian intervention here is directly analogous to the soviet intervention in moldova resulting in the formation of transnistria . 
  in every case , the goal was to thwart the attempted independence of vassal states , or at least in the case of moldova prevent their further drift . 
  likewise , putin is n't some new type of russian politician - he 's former kgb , a holdover from the soviet union , inculcated with kgb methodologies and ideology . 
  he 's just gorbachev in 2014 , trying to keep together what little remains of his decaying empire , declaring the independence movements of his vassal states to be illegitimate usurpers like gorbachev did for lithuania and latvia . 
  the difference here is that putin 's domestic support is sufficient , and his desperation equally so , that his tenacity in trying to hold onto ukraine is much greater .
