  i thought i heard applications for statehood . 
  78 states in the union ? 
  a + + lincoln would be proud . 
  [ but muh sanders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcoholism#signs_and_symptoms ), 
  well you also have to take into consideration the fact that a lot of the us bombings were in support of operations like the liberation of kobane , which was already largely depopulated due to isis operations , and in which isis was literally throwing its forces en masse against the kurds . 
  i think not !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bozo_the_clown ), 
  rs2k pls , serbia will never have coast . 
  that ship sailed in 1913 . 
  true , true , you are correct . 
  i think there 's also the fact that women in patriarchal societies live under a greater threat of violence for nonconformity that makes full reciprocity in these cases unlikely . 
  if a woman does this to her ex , it 's more likely that he 'll knock the shit out of her - or that she 'll get death threats from the internet hate machine - than if a guy does it . 
  it 's not necessarily because the naked body of a woman is a big deal - it 's about getting revenge over the woman by denying her autonomy and agency over her own image . 
  you ca n't make her love you , and it 's illegal to make her have sex with you , so you find other ways to exert control over her . 
  suddenly , against her agency , she 's no longer random student # 53 , she 's backdoor slut # 9 for thousands of people . 
  sexuality as a cultural construct , i.e. 
  body image and cultural taboos , = / = biology . 
  my fratty suitemate last year came back one night with blood all over his white shorts . 
  turns out he played it with packing tape and tore off some skin on his hand without realizing it - he was too fucked up to notice . 
   part of the issue is i will vomit no matter what if i get crossfaded . 
  as a fellow stoner , my advice here is to get stoned before you drink . 
  greenery tends to be a lot less predictable - and i say this as someone who smokes pretty regularly - so getting stoned , and figuring out how stoned you are , then moving from there is usually the best move , because you 'll usually know how alcohol effects you on a drink by drink basis by the time you 're consistently getting crossfaded . 
  for reference , i 've had some bad experience getting crossfaded . 
  the first time , it was my first college party and i did n't know my limits wrt alcohol ; every time after , it was because i had drunk a lot of alcohol and then smoked , and found myself getting pounded by a high that i was n't prepared for on top of the drunkenness . 
  edit : this may seem patronizing , and if so i apologize . 
  if you know this , this might help others in a similar situation . 
  smoke first , figure out how fucked up you feel , and gauge it from there . 
  it 's better to take a few shots when you 're comfortably stoned than to get drunk af , smoke , and suddenly realize you way over-estimated yourself . 
  and by yourself i mean myself , because i 've been there . 
  i dunno about them , but as a yank i always try to snag zywiec porter whenever it shows up at the local beer stores ( which , unfortunately , is n't too often ) . 
  bud light and similar beers tend to be limited to the college frat scene , from my experience , where it fulfills the role of `` most cost-effective way to get fucked up '' without actually buying 40s or , my favorite for that role , four lokos . 
  no , / u/bledd7 , you are the gays, 
  / u/fluchtpunkt made a good point , which i have elaborated on elsewhere in this thread . 
  the fact of the matter is that not just homosexuals , but very often all prospective adoptive parents have to prove their worth as parents before they 're allowed to adopt ; biological parents have no such standards . 
  no one in the west hands out baby-licenses to straight people people allowing them to have unprotected sex for the purpose of procreation - people fuck and baby happens . 
  adoptive parents typically have to go through one or more series of tests and/or screenings to prove that they can handle adopting a child . 
  it 's not like some random fuckers forgetting their contraceptives , it 's regulated to avoid negligent or otherwise bad parents . 
  yes , there will be bad apples - people able to game the system , bad child/parent matches , etc. 
  - but on the whole , adoptive parents will often prove better than biological parents for the simple fact that adoptive parents 100 % want to have kids , and have been screened for their parental capacity . 
  biological parents will not have that to the same extent . 
  adoptive parents typically have to pass through screening processes and the like before they 're approved . 
  you do n't walk up to babymart ^ ( tm ) and go `` hey i 'd like to adopt some chucklefuck . '', 
  the government body devoted to child services and adoption has to approve it . 
  on the other hand , biological parents are n't screened and licensed . 
  backwoods teenagers do n't have to go through a rigorous government-designed screening process that allows them to fuck unprotected - they just do it , and lol oops babby happen . 
  this is a simplification , of course , but the general principal holds . 
  regardless of the sexuality of adoptive parents , often times the simple fact that adoptive parents are screened , tested , vetted , etc. 
  before they 're allowed to adopt means that they 're better qualified than a lot of biological ones . 
  all it takes to be a biological parent is bad luck - a wrongly-applied condom , weak pull-out game , or what have you . 
  being an adoptive parent takes a lot more . 
   many of our proudest moments involve killing each other , so yeah i 'd call that as a different history . 
  you do realize there are still americans who fly the confederate battle flag , right ? 
  that until very recently there were several states with the cfb in their state flags ? 
  ( atm , there is only one i believe ), 
  american here . 
  you have 0 % of a clue of what you 're talking about on the topic of culture . 
  each state very much does have significant `` state '' culture , though these often bleed around the edges - and states often have significant regional cultures within them . 
  i live in upstate ny , went to a boarding school in ct , and go to north carolina for university , and it 's like different countries sometimes . 
  hell , the difference in culture between my part of upstate and new york city itself is huge . 
  we 're more similar than we are different , there is a national `` american '' culture , but there are very very significant differences on the regional , state , and sub-state level . 
  moreover , the second point you make is actually a point in favor of federalism because it shows that disparate states can federalize - it just takes a lot of time and effort . 
  people tried to leave before the civil war - the hartford convention in 1812 comes to mind - but the failure of these attempts , and the slow process of building a national culture and a strong federal state , led to today . 
  no federalist believes that europe will magically become one country , because that 's not how any country forms - it takes time , determination , and will on the part of thousands of people , over decades if not centuries . 
  germany was n't a real nation until the 19th century , and even when it did unify there were significant regionalist tendencies - particularly from the bavarians - which took a long time to stamp out . 
  oh yes , because no other eastern european we know of country glorifies the military . 
  my concern , as it always is with the modern western military apparatus , is the next step . 
  we start dropping bombs - then what ? 
  isis collapses - then what ? 
  air strikes are all well and good . 
  my country has made very good use of them in support of kurdish boots on the ground - but these are , in the context of the conflict , very much regional and peripheral , as the kurds have yet to demonstrate any great ability to advance into territories that do n't consist of kurdish/assyrian/yazidi minorities , to advance into sunni arab lands that make up isis 's heartland . 
  the question , then , is what next ? 
  then what ? 
  what do we do once the bombs start falling ? 
  what 's our end-goal ? 
  that was the big problem with the past western interventions in the middle east - and by that i of course mean my own country 's . 
  we did n't have an effective plan , if we had one at all , to leave a stable peacetime situation in our wake once we toppled saddam . 
  we did n't leave a stable afghanistan . 
  we were great at the shooting , and the overthrowing , at the bombing . 
  we were terrible at the whole `` turning rubble to fortresses '' game . 
  how is an air strike campaign supposed to fight terrorism , when terrorism is n't a product of unruly muslims living un-bombed but rather a product of the confluence of ideological and socio-economic and psychological factors . 
  here in america , most of the terrorist attacks we 've suffered since 9/11 have been perpetrated by white people . 
  the deadliest terrorist attack in norwegian history was motivated by right-wing nationalism . 
  what is the next move ? 
  what 's our vision for the future ? 
  and if we 're looking no further than the nose of a bomb , who 's to blame the next generation of syrians and iraqis for their radicalism ? 
  how fucking callous . 
  this is n't like paying tax , the must here is n't a legalistic must but a moral must - analogous with `` we must not diddle children . '', 
  assisting syrian refugees is a european and american moral imperative for a number of reasons , not the least of which being that allowing the crisis to persist while having the ability to alleviate it is cowardly and criminal . 
  calling it a `` burden we do n't need '' ignores the fact that burdens exist outside of need - burdens happen regardless . 
  this burden wo n't go away if you ignore it . 
  unhcr estimates from july number refugees at around 4 million and idps at around 7 million . 
  500 thousand is a drop in the bucket . 
  these people do n't have homes to go back to , do n't have lives to go back to . 
  they face the option of death from government forces , from the indiscriminate bombing and war crimes of the assad regime and his russian air support , or from islamist militias and isil which are more than happy to kill off anyone a shade less zealous , or a shade less arab , than themselves . 
  alternatively , they can languish in overcrowded and under-funded refugee camps that clearly ca n't address the problem well - though the fact that the majority of displaced syrians are idps who have n't even gotten that far is telling . 
  economic or political discomfort in europe , or here in america , is not a greater evil than the fate that awaits the ignored refugees . 
  it 's not a greater evil than watching them die on our doorstep . 
  no defense here , partner . 
  i thought him calling where i live a shithole was kind of funny so i thought i 'd take the joke further . 
   but i concede that moving to the us would be objectively ridiculous .
