  there are argentinians though who are much more ambivalent about the whole thing . 
  it 's just the government and the crazies who are shouting the loudest about it . 
  the thing i find perplexing , is argentina taking the `` colonialisation '' argument , not recognising the fact they are colonialists too and descendants of a particularly genocidal variety . 
  though because the british had a successful empire ( of which i think empires are bad ) and these other countries did n't , but not through want of trying , they will happily line up behind argentina in a misplaced sense of solidarity rather than what is probably fair and just for the people actually living there . 
  not a direct one . 
  there 's not a larger world wide conflict yet . 
  yes , but i think it would need a conflict between uk and russia at the same time to trigger it . 
  it would n't as the wrong hemisphere , same as last time . 
  though the uk did get vital help from both the french and the us . 
  argentina is not going to invade is mostly bluster , and the people there do n't want a war just as much as the people in the uk and falklands do n't . 
  i could only ever see it happening as part of a larger world wide conflict with them getting backed by some other power such as china or russia . 
  sure , but till we do it 's not a truly independent nuclear deterrent . 
  yes because we can just shop around for these kind of things to get the best deal ... / s, 
  [ sauce from the hp itself ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200506/cmselect/cmdfence/986/986we13.htm ), 
  yes sure we could `` press the button '' independently * now * . 
  but when you rely on the us to share delivery technology , expertise and help with maintenance , to think that it 's a truly independent is hopelessly naive . 
  i do n't support trident , because i believe if we should have a nuclear deterrent it should be fully independent . 
  the us has already showed it 's prepared to make compromises to their diplomatic advantage when needed by handing over unique serial codes to moscow for the missiles it has supplied us with . 
  the uk does n't have a truly independent nuclear capability , only in partnership with the us . 
  edit : to clarify for the down-voters the uk does not own the trident ii d5 missiles it uses ; rather they are leased from the us . 
  the british submarines must regularly visit the us base in kings bay , georgia , for the maintenance and replacement of these missiles . 
  yep pretty much . 
  culturally low-landers are another anglo-saxon group that became part of scotland rather than england and are `` sassenachs '' too . 
  though gaelic speakers came from ireland anyway . 
  culture aside , brits and irish are genetically primarily pre-celtic , probably from the first settlers that arrived after the ice melted . 
  so serbs themselves are normal height , just living in serbia makes them small , 
  height though is often as much to do with diet than genetics . 
  for example the dutch were renowned for having short people in the 19th century , now they are the tallest in europe . 
  [ tectonic map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/plates_tect2_en.svg ) is the only true map . 
  i 'm sad to say , i 've met plenty of english people who would ask the same thing . 
  my northern irish relatives sardonically call it `` stroke city '', 
  yes i think it certainly helped expedite the decline of european imperialism , though there was some back tracking with the french in indochina when they realised what was starting to fill the power vacuum . 
  i 'd say from the british perspective , some leaders of the country obviously still wanted to maintain our imperialist way , but the vast majority of people and the leaders of the labour party , who had fought in the ww2 , could see the hypocrisy in denying nationhood to their colonial possessions . 
  after the end of the war , most soldiers just wanted to come home and not been involved in oppressing `` natives '' . 
  there was quite a few mutinies both british and australia , solders , airmen and even dock workers . 
  even without american opposition it was never going to happen . 
  i do n't think ignore is quite right . 
  us was a major trade partner to the uk even back then . 
  we realised that better the americans you know , than the french/spanish you do n't who at times considered re-entering that theatre . 
  pax britannica allowed the early us to develop and flourish . 
  the us relied on the uk keeping other european powers out of north america and in return you guys considerately ignored canada with the monroe doctrine . 
  the uk economy has enormously benefited from polish migrants . 
  it was n't a favour we were doing them , just something mutually beneficial . 
  it does n't give us a say in their domestic policies as a result . 
  yep !, 
  and what they like to leave out is it 's almost entirely based on demographic growth . 
  whatever it is they are smoking i want some !, 
  yeah i 've not quite understood why the collective population of the `` home country '' are to blame when it 's for the most part the colonialists that did most of the stuff . 
  as an example i notice in australia , they will say things like the `` british introduced rabbits as a source of food which really damaged the ecosystem '' . 
  my question is , where are these british people now , did they just come and leave a few rabbits behind ? 
  are they not australians ? 
  if they did n't consider themselves australian at the time , they were certainly the ancestors of australians . 
  proto-australians if you will . 
  independence and the creation of a new identity often seems to be used as a way of absolving responsibility of anything done in the colonial period . 
  south america is a classic example , while certainly that was a lot of unwelcome interference from europe and north america . 
  ultimately it was the colonialists and their descendant who proceeded to wipe out , kill and assimilate what was left of the original inhabitants there , but they still like to frame themselves as the victims and anti-imperialists similar to the exploitation of africa and indian which is pretty absurd . 
  yeah my dad has been making bread at home for at least 20 years now and it 's become harder to get . 
  i 've always found americans to be super polite and gracious for the most part . 
   i 've heard people telling me they are 1/16th german , native american or some other ethnicity . 
  i always have a chuckle on wikipedia when for any famous american , there is always a similar breakdown . 
  well to be fair , nationalities are for the most part a social construct , it 's not much of a mental stretch to justify that can be two . 
  it 's probably more helpful to think of things in terms of cultural-language groups than national identities . 
  from a european perspective , for the most part , most peoples ' ancestors are pretty un-exciting . 
  they did n't travel around , they probably came from same town and certainly nothing as interesting as going overseas to start a new life on a different continent . 
  i guess we just do n't really think about heritage or ancestors much . 
  the only people i know who get into ancestry to some extent is elderly relatives . 
  i sadly have to agree . 
  i do n't recall really getting taught much at school on the subject . 
  i really only started finding about all the nuances of irish history when i began to know some northern irish people . 
  personally i do n't feel any shame or guilt over british history , but i would definitely never be proud of it either . 
  very little of it had anything to do with me , or likely my ancestors , who for the most part working as farm labourers or meeting an early death down a coal mine - not that there is any logical reason to have an emotional response to their achievements either . 
  yeah french cheese is definitely better . 
  there are great italian cheeses but they do n't seem to have the breadth of types that have in france . 
  i like serbia . 
  met some cool folk from there . 
  also has a somewhat chequered history , a bit like the uk so i can sympathise . 
   that saying was attributed to us by zee germans i believe !, 
  nope it was [ made up ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lions_led_by_donkeys ) by historian alan clark . 
  statistically you were much more likely to die as an officer in the british army than as a private . 
  much of the political class lost family , including the war time prime minister and his successor . 
  more than 200 generals were wounded or capture and most visited the frontline every day . 
  in general much closer to the action than commanders of today are . 
  yes there were bad general , some were good . 
  it was also quite a different type of warfare than anyone had ever encountered previously . 
  you been watching the one show too much , get a life !, 
  the anglo-saxon state was relatively sophisticated and stable with quite a lot of central authority relative to many other medieval kingdoms . 
  the domesday was a survey rather than a set of reforms and reflected the kingdom that william the bastard had acquired rather than made . 
  it 's from a speech in 1848 so considerably before . 
  though de gaulle said something similar  clementine churchill , who admired de gaulle , once cautioned him , `` general , you must not hate your friends more than you hate your enemies . '', 
  de gaulle himself stated famously , `` no nation has friends , only interests . '', 
   it 's as though the british do n't seem to think they 're relevant anymore unless they can associate themselves with american power . 
  yup . 
  and then when do , it 's always in terms of `` punching above weight '' . 
  no you not uk . 
  quite a successful country , top 10 economy in world , large cultural and scientific impact with a huge amount of soft-power . 
  is punching exactly as expected ... 
  i think the defence and intelligence collaboration is one of the biggest driving forces . 
  this is stuff that spans peoples ' entire careers and lives . 
  he was basically just paraphrasing palmerston there . 
   we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies .
