  i would correct you and say `` in london '' , but in actual fact i 've often found people quite chatty/friendly there outside normal commuting hours . 
  with brits and particularly english there is often some arrogance bubbling beneath the surface . 
  however , at the same time it 's generally considered unseemly and ungentlemanly to express ones superiority over other nationals . 
  as for he/she it is somewhat a source of embarrassment to openly flaunt this . 
  instead it is hoped that everyone else is aware of the situation or at least them to have done their homework beforehand . 
  it is important and hoped through this assumed mutual understanding that this reality of the world should never be contested . 
  occasionally through either ignorance , a lapse in concentration or when emotions are running high some of this arrogance will burst out unexpectedly which can be rather awkward for the recipient as they probably thought they knew the person much better or that they seemed so nice and polite they would not expect this kind of attitude . 
  i think that 's an interesting disctinction . 
  but as a european this is also true to an extent . 
  for example as someone from the uk , many many of us have irish ancestry and vice versa . 
  1 in 4 have an irish grandparent . 
  so by similar logic to how * some * americans deduce their ancestry , 25 % of us are irish-britains , which proportionally is much greater than the number of irish-americans . 
  i always thought it was the normans that kicked things off ? 
   traditions and culture of the `` british nation '' are actually those of england there are a lot of scottish traditions that are british , likewise english traditions that are british . 
  in fact i 'd say i 've seen more scottish `` traditions '' and culture in the english part of britain than i have uniquely english traditions in scotland . 
  i 've yet to see a morris dancer prancing through sauchiehall street , but there are scottish and irish traditional music sessions played regularly throughout english cities and towns . 
  not just by ethnic scots and irish . 
  burns night is not just confined to scotland , hogmanay neither . 
  i suppose christmas in scotland being more of a thing than it used to be , is perhaps a bit of an english influence up here . 
  that 's fairly recent though , was only 1957 that it became a public holiday in scotland . 
  but in a geographical sense every scottish , english or welsh tradition is a british tradition , in the same way they are also a european tradition . 
  indeed one only has to turn on the tv to see how the [ media ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcu7faeeznu ) is fuelling this . 
   edit : pease explain why i am wrong instead of downvoting so i can gauge if the downvotes are motivated by vague gut feelings or by reason . 
  i think because your post did n't start with `` brothers and sisters ''  but , joking aside , i totally agree with . 
  some generalisations : * france - middle class / posh . 
  * spain - do n't bother to integrate just there for the sun !, 
  * australia/new zealand/canada - they 're currently the defacto dominant political and economic group - and their own nations so to speak . 
  relationships generally good in balance . 
  * us - similar to above , probably not quite as close . 
  `` scottish-americans '' get a little over excitable about their heritage and have a lack of context . 
  the irony is their beloved highland chiefs were the ones that probably sold their ancestors off as indentured labourers . 
  i think british peoples ' sense of exceptionalism is fed more by things like pioneers of industrialism , finance , `` law & order '' and their `` cultural output '' , or something along those lines , rather than the empire . 
  though some if it obviously went hand in hand . 
  whether it 's really that exceptional is debatable , and many things that brits , and americans for that matter , think of being first at , were co-invented or relied on work of others from other countries and nationalities . 
  though that 's not to say they were n't insignificant contributors themselves . 
  most countries like to give them self a pat on the back and say how great they are , and gloss over any contribution to their achievements from `` foreigners '' . 
  i guess it 's all part of inventing the national narrative . 
  i do n't know , i live in the uk , i 've not really met anyone who holds this view yet . 
  we 're going to see the whole process ... 
  denial , anger , bargaining , depression and then finally acceptance . 
  / me gets popcorn, 
   brit 's scottish jokes they sound more like irish jokes or if you irish , kerryman jokes . 
  tbh most those jokes feel like from yesteryear these days . 
  good for poland , but they not staunchly pro-eu . 
  often in fact in similar camp to the uk . 
  i like this one of [ glasgow ] ( http://i1.trekearth.com/photos/2399/glasgow_skyline_small.jpg ) , has the old buildings , the cranes and the hills in the back . 
  yep he does . 
  there is a `` magazine '' show in the uk , called the `` one show '' on most days at prime time and every week there will be at least one short segment on one of the world wars . 
  it 's pretty over the top , but i do n't think many others seem to notice it . 
  while i respect and like to know and understand the history of the world wars , i think the uk , really needs to move on from it . 
  i can understand why , at the end of the second world war , the uk had been one of the most mobilised countries fighting , and was broke and devastated , the empire was on the way out . 
  it was almost a pyrrhic victory , unlike the other allies who gained many strategic interests . 
  the only thing the british really walked way with is a sense of having a `` moral '' victory . 
  which the establishment have played up ever since . 
  i think both wars tend to get conflated together in the uk , which i think is a shame as i am very much with the op on the morality of ww1 . 
  the reality is , many service men would have been bemused at the thought of all these memorials , veteran associations and such . 
  i know my grandad did n't care for any of his medals . 
  most of photos i saw seemed to be him messing around with mates , but i also know quite a lot of his friends got killed too . 
  personally , i think that would work well . 
  i am a europhile , but have to be pragmatic . 
  low i think , scottish people are fairly euro-skeptic [ http://wingsoverscotland.com/the-mind-of-the-nation-part-1/] ( http://wingsoverscotland.com/the-mind-of-the-nation-part-1/ ) mostly in line with rest of uk . 
  though this is not reflected in the government which is pro-eu . 
   mitterand shit a brick when thatcher threatened to escalate the conflict and nuke argentina if not given the exocet codes during the falklands war did he really ? 
  if so why did thatcher go on to say  we have been much heartened by france 's stalwart support both in public and private , '' she wrote . 
  `` if it became known , as it certainly would , that france was now releasing weapons to peru that would certainly be passed on to argentina for use against us , france 's ally , this would have a devastating effect on the relationship between our two countries . 
  indeed , it would have a disastrous effect on the alliance as a whole . 
  a large part was religion , with scotland becoming increasingly protestant . 
  both very good points , particularly the latter . 
   what life will be like after independence can i borrow your crystal ball when you are finished with it ? 
  depends what you looking for in a city . 
  london 's fun to visit for sure . 
  the jury 's out though whether somewhere want to live long term , 
  yeah unfortunately most people do n't have a scooby do about the wars in the balkans , and understand it only very one sided . 
  having said that , one thing i 've never worked out yet , is why did the west back one side over another ? 
  what was the strategic gain ? 
  i can see why for iraq , even afghanistan a little ... balkans not so much . 
  some `` traditional '' but slight offensive ones ... 
  i do n't condone !, 
  * irish - paddys * welsh - taffys * english - toffs/tommy ( pretty archaic ) / various swear words/pohm/sasannaich * scots - jocks * scots ( highlander ) - tcheuchter * scots ( protestant ) - huns * scots ( catholic ) - tims * french - frogs * germans - krauts/huns * american - yank * new zealander - kiwi, 
  the irish have those jokes about county kerry . 
  here 's one for you [ pdf ] ( http://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/1ix1a52xzw/yg-archive-pol-sunday-times-results-18-200113.pdf ) however , i 'm sure it 's just a complete anomaly due to the small sample size . 
  i 'm sure too the 5-6 other similar polls are just anomalys too . 
  the same as you polls . 
  `` anything you want gov '' polls to be precise, 
  . . and i stand by my point that scottish * public opinion * is not significantly more pro-eu than the rest of the uk . 
  i 'm not disputing the validity of your numbers , disputing the comparison . 
  i also dispute the fact that you `` speak for scotland '' . 
  you might speak for me , and other pro-eu people , but there are plenty of people in scotland who are skeptical about the eu as the rest of the uk . 
  there 's at least 4-5 polls on yougov site ( unfortunately not very well labelled so have to spend some time clicking through ) and i 've not seen one there yet where there are any significantly large differences between scottish public opinion and the rest of the uk towards the eu . 
  you ca n't really compare different polls with different methodology in different times of the year . 
  if you can be bothered to trawl though yougov site quite often there is an eu question with uk breakdown . 
  it 's usually only 2-5 % different from the average of the rest of the uk . 
  what 's quite interesting is that london is the most pro-eu part of the uk . 
  however the rest of the south east the least . 
  though it 's not like scottish public opinion is a shining beacon of pro-eu sentiments . 
  most polls put it at just a few percentages higher than * some * parts of the rest of the uk . 
  yep , and it 's also a centre for international shipping , e.g. 
  lloyd 's register , baltic exchange etc, 
  think of the uk as what a future integrated eu would be . 
  all separate countries but very closely integrated with a shared foreign policy .
