  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow, 
   we once shared the same language , customs and culture you mean you invaded them and took over from the picts ? 
  i 'd say to that , that `` heritage '' comes in and out of fashion . 
  in scotland not so long ago , particularly in the low-lands kilts and general gaellic culture was n't really a thing . 
  we have primarily the victorians to thank for that , and latterly rising nationalism and a collapse in a shared british identity . 
  i have no problem with people romanticising a culture , but that does n't trump historical and cultural realities . 
  there 's plenty of places around europe that have significant nordic heritage , i do n't think scotland 's experience is particularly exceptional , even within the context of the uk where in other parts , such as england , there were much more significant settlements of vikings . 
  mainland scotland mostly experienced raids . 
   scotland is a celtic country i 'd say it an anglo-celtic country if anything . 
  some angle 's settled in what was to be come england , and others in what became low-land scotland , hence the germanic scots language which has heavily influenced modern scottish english . 
  in the same era , the gaelic celts were coming over from northern ireland to settle the west coast and set up a ruling elite . 
  meanwhile we had the welsh living in the south west ( which they called the `` old north '' ) and then vikings on the surrounding islands . 
  too bad we know so little about the picts . 
   look at the flag of the orkney islands the flag was designed ** in 2007 ** ... 
  well yeah was out the pan into the fire . 
  who know 's how history would have played out without stalin , anything other is just armchair speculation . 
  yep and i 'm not really sure what the russian people won exactly . 
  stalin responsible for more deaths than the battle of stalingrad ... and has a few statues still . 
  i 've seen some snp supports say they will vote for the uk to leave in eu referendum so they can agitate for another uk referendum . 
  it gets pretty confusing trying to follow throughout history what languages were called what by the different peoples of scotland . 
  in the beginning the gaelic speakers that came over from ireland spoke scottis , according to the anglo-saxon low-landers who spoke inglis . 
  later this changed with the gaels being referred to as speaking erse ( ie irish ) and scottis being now the name of the language that the low-landers spoke . 
  now we just tend to use gaelic and english respectively . 
  what 's the broader definition for gael in ireland , is it for a whole ethnic group ? 
  yeah , in both the uk and ireland we 're all ethnically about the same from a a genetic pov , just more sub-cultural groups that we have . 
   germoney in english we call it germany . 
  though i digress . 
  you actually think the uk is 3x wealthier than germany ? 
  i really doubt that . 
  this is just one report measuring wealth in one particular way . 
  do n't worry it 's just all concentrated in the hands of a few . 
  if it was median wealth would be quite a different picture . 
   the british have always felt separate from the continent both mentally and physically i do n't fit in your generalisation here , and i suspect a lot of other brits do n't too . 
  it did , but were not as recently successful as europe . 
  it 's also not about facts it 's about perception of facts , 
  i do n't think so , i think it was a lesson on multiculturalism . 
  was kind of outside the normal lesson plan done for each registration group . 
  this was in mid 1990s so quite a while ago to remember . 
  it stuck with me though , as i was kind of confused about the when in rome thing when everything else seemed to make much more sense . 
  yeah we were given a list of phrases and were asked to discuss what was wrong with them , this was one of them . 
  the red hand is slightly badass . 
  i remember in school in the 90s we told that this was not pc . 
   i wonder if this whole situation was in reverse and millions of europeans were fleeing to find a new life in the middle east how accommodating those people would be ? 
  i think the locals there would enjoy the schadenfreude of watching the tables turned on the ex `` imperialists '' , `` colonialists '' etc, 
  the irony is they have a great reputation , consistently ranked as most popular [ link ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22624104 ), 
  the uk is actually in the top quartile of eu members for adopting and implementing eu legislation . 
  it just does n't pay as much lip service as some other countries . 
   patriotism is a universal good , you should be proud of the people that came before you that made your country what it is question : do you feel proud of the british and irish or is the declaration of independence a cut off point ? 
  anyway , i think the term patriotism has unfortunately been tainted a little with things like the `` patriot act '' , which is a shame because i think with the english language between patriotism and nationalism there is lacking a suitable word without negative connotations to what you describe . 
  yep i think it 's probably one of the most important distinctions, 
  yup render unto ceasar and all that, 
   were n't they superior technology and knowledge-wise ? 
  england was a fairly powerful and centralised state . 
  fairly advanced by european standards of \u00fee time . 
   they never tried to kill children . 
  that is true . 
  i think the proxy bombs though , were pretty twisted . 
  strapping a guy , a catholic cook who worked at a british base , into a lorry and then remotely blowing him up while holding his family at gun point - just lovely / s, 
  not sure why this is being down voted it 's basically true . 
  i suspect a lot of british people see it as an attack on them , not their government . 
  but the truth is your average british person of the same era was part of the `` scummy '' lower classes from the governments perspective and only a small leg up over your average irish and would have little to gain from being supportive of the british governments actions . 
  \u2019cause they gave warnings , did n't they ? 
  they were gentleman bombers , the finest terrorists this country 's ever had . 
  we 'll not see their like again . 
  let 's have a little clap for the ira . 
  \u2019cause the ira , they were decent british terrorists . 
  they did n't want to be british . 
  but they were . 
  and , as such , they could n't help but embody some fundamentally decent british values '' [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwkeeqxt3uq ), 
  it 's derry stroke londonderry to be more precise . 
  can just call it stroke city for short though . 
   they are n't exactly at the forefront of calling themselves a part of the anglo sphere either i 've never met any other scots who would ever consider themselves not in the anglo-sphere including gaelic speaking friends , albeit as a second language . 
   i 've felt v close to are scots i think a large part of the closeness is probably from that of having the cultural experience of being next door to england throughout history as well as an irish celtic element after you guys invaded and later mass emigrated . 
  i 'd say scotland sits more firmly in the middle of the celtic-anglo spectrum with ireland and england at further ends apart . 
  gordon was flawed , but i do think he was one of the `` good guys '' overall . 
  51 % voted never to have cake ever again . 
  i doubt it . 
  if they give in to one countries demands , then just will encourage others to try the same game . 
  it 's going to be in the eu 's best interests to make things uncomfortable for the uk for at least the near future . 
   flooded with protestants many protestants played a very prominent role in irish independence , such as the founding of the society of united irishmen . 
  yep being isolated and and an outlier are not the same thing . 
  we still share much of the same genetic background with europe , just less extra diversity because generally at the end of any migration routes . 
  yep true , and why i only talked about dna . 
  i feel similar . 
  do n't care about skin colour , more that you buy into the local culture for the most part . 
   if you speak to most white english people they 'll say we are descendants of immigrants due to the anglo-saxons and normans , etc yep and they are quite wrong in that . 
  most of our dna ancestors comes from the earliest settlers after the ice age , with a much smaller anglo-saxon and viking impact . 
  as an island on the edge of europe , white british and white irish are about as genetically isolated as you can get , even compared to mainland europe . 
  places like the middle east or indian are vastly more diverse . 
  the whole city itself nearly got called batmania after him, 
  how about re-read the first line of my comment . 
  trying to claim moral superiority between the ira and the british security forces is like two bald men arguing over a comb . 
   pretend the ira was some madman organization killing civilians willy-nilly jesus christ , the ira used to use the `` human proxy bomb '' , how blind/deaf can you be ? 
  please tell me what 's not mad and willy-nilly about taking someone hostage , strapping them into a van , while getting to drive them toward their target with their family held at gunpoint , and then remote detonating and killing them ? 
  i 'm all ears . 
  i know right ? 
  was the russians who did it all were n't it . . , 
  yep , india had a bigger share of industrial output before the colonial era than after . 
  i do n't understand how people can justify it because `` we built a few railways '' . 
  even as a remainer , the one thing good i hope comes from brexit is a closer , tighter and more integrated europe .
