  we still have separate legal system , education etc. 
  in international sports often field own teams . 
  i think you are just mixing up your understanding of sovereignty with countries . 
  i 'd be surprised if the uk did n't get involved too . 
  yeah i 'm not entirely convinced on his foreign policy myself . 
  i do like some of his other ideas . 
  hope his position on nato amongst other things get toned down . 
  focus on making things better in the uk without rocking the boat elsewhere . 
  ~ ~ iberian kingdoms ~ ~ * west * iberian kingdoms do n't forget there was a [ kingdom of iberia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_iberia ) in the east . 
  despite all that , germany comes year after year top of international polls in terms of most respected country . 
  can get quite a lot of shit if a brit . 
  i once got a drunk finnish woman on xmas day give me a drunk tirade about how horrible we were to the irish . 
  now i 'm not saying there is not some bad history there , but pulling up an 18 year old on the crimes of some fellow country men of the past , on christmas day ? 
  to be fair she apologised the next day . 
  along with the russians , and possibly germans too , we 're also one of the go to hollywood baddies , 
  actually about 5000 so far , ok not as much as some , but a lot more than 216 [ source ] ( https://fullfact.org/factcheck/immigration/uk_216_syrian_refugees-45984 ), 
  the job not necessarily so easy . 
  eu companies that want a native english speaking can look to the uk or ireland , and its very easy for them with no paper work . 
  if uk left , then ireland would get preference . 
  uk would then be on the same field as other anglo-sphere countries such as us , australia etc. 
  lots of people in those countries who would love to compete on eu based jobs on the same playing field as the british , 
   far more brits were lost in that campaign also more french were killed in that campaign than the anzacs . 
  however , this is not me saying the anzac losses were insignificant , or a recognition of the sacrifice . 
  another myth from ww1 that commonly encounter , is the `` lions led by lambs '' . 
  in british army 17 % of officers were killed compared to 12 % of ordinary soldiers . 
  private schools like eton lost 20 % . 
  200 generals were killed , wounded or captured and most visited the frontline every day . 
   bunch of australians , brits and new zeelanders fixed for you, 
  i like the way this is going !, 
  if we 're going down that route , brits were just post-glacial natives ruled by successive celtic , roman , anglo-saxon , viking , norman etc elites , 
  geographically they were in a part of western europe , now known as france . 
  but they were n't really part of the french kingdom until they were conquered by philip ii in 1204 . 
  they were french speaking vikings , aka normans ( i.e. 
  scotland 's not particularly more nordic culturally than england , though it is geographically i suppose . 
  i do n't think you can just look at the pull factors without trying to fix the push ones . 
  our messed up foreign policy is largely to blame , this is the biggest cause of the problem . 
  however , i do n't think guilt should come into it either , because opening the doors is all well and good for the political elite and middle classes , but it 's ultimately the poorer classes and the existing deprived areas that see the consequences the most acutely . 
  there should be immigration , but it should be controlled , through proper channels and also spread carefully throughout the country . 
  regional work permits . 
  i 'm totally with you on jailing employers of illegal immigrants . 
  i do n't think we should be so vindictive on these other people already having a pretty hard time of things though . 
  yes but only because they are not using modern farming techniques . 
  not true . 
  africa is underpopulated . 
  with similar agricultural practices to europe , would easily feed itself . 
  some even argue that a higher population density may help with this . 
  even anything from napoleonic wars ? 
  how long is a moment ? 
  for me it has to be the [ industrial revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/industrial_revolution ), 
  in britain , we do not cross the streams . 
  [ markets of britain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsg2pd-2o2g ), 
  yeah maybe was similar , i suspect it was more an issue with the inquisition and possibly people from converted muslim or jewish families who were lapsing into their infidel ways be bathing too often , 
  ahh sorry i missed `` to '' when i read it and thought you just meant tuesday and friday only . 
  in spain i read that after the reconquista bathing was extremely discouraged as being an arabic thing . 
  was it ever similar in portugal ? 
  also wednesday , is wodan , thursday is \u00deunor . 
  in the norse branch those are known as odin and thor . 
  they actually all come from our anglo-saxon gods . 
  we just had similar ones to the norse and other germanic people . 
  note these including , thursday or '' \u00deunor 's day '' have their roots in a general germanic tradition . 
  the norse names are just the most widely known . 
   all the days of the week , but one in english has its root in old norse , and the worship of the concurrent gods . 
  but part of the same shared germanic pantheon . 
  as well as different root spellings e.g. 
  tiw vs tyr , wodan vs odin etc there were also slightly different traditions and beliefs around them . 
  however , the norse strand of the mythology is very much the most popularised and preserved compared to other germanic groups . 
  have wondered , do frisians consider themselves dutch ? 
  i got married there a couple of years ago , all family and friends came over . 
  everyone had good things to say about the place . 
  like many places with sectarian violence , if you are an outsider , you are fine . 
  i also suppose george soros has to be thanked for consolidating some of the skepticism with a painful loss of 1bn . 
  not disputing you but do you have any sources , i 'd just like to share into the smugness with confidence , 
  was that really the foresight that stopped us joining though ? 
  i felt at the time there was other factors . 
  nationalistic pride being one of them . 
  there were voices at the time talking about monetary union needing fiscal union , but they were n't just specific to britain as far as i 'm aware . 
  i do n't recall any pm 's or ministers at the time saying anything to this affect , though i would be interested to find if they did . 
  in uk there 's the old roma population , which were given the original name `` gypsies '' . 
  there 's a newer group of roma from east european that seem to have a worse reputation . 
  we also have here irish travellers and just `` travellers '' in general who liked the life style . 
  gypsy tends to be the original term , though i think is maybe considered politically incorrect . 
  all though original was for roma population from 100s of years ago , also can be used to refer to the later wave of irish travellers . 
  most people will have a bad story of them all and the recent roma from east europe seem to get the worst of it , as more visible as professional beggars and generally less integration . 
  the other old groups seem to have a bit more of a cultural niche and even nostalgia within the uk though generally still have a reputation for creating a mess and petite crime . 
  i think the situation on mainland europe is a bit more intense . 
  i 'm not sure i would say it is propaganda against roma . 
  it 's more treat someone like an arsehole and they will act like one . 
  sounds normal and natural . 
  more so than using '' , who was german , '' . 
  [ singular they ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/singular_they ), 
  and how many of them are making a living wage ? 
  actually he 's not , it 's an actual thing where many more people are taking odd jobs in desperation and so now technically employed , though unlikely making a living wage . 
  same too for people to get employed when companies are unwilling to give them a full time contract . 
  one article [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/9344366/self-employment-hits-20-year-high-as-people-try-to-avoid-unemployment-ons-says.html ), 
  in the english language definition of the word it certainly is . 
  maybe the equivalent word in icelandic is different and why the confusion ? 
  a particular stupid segment of this cult presenting itself here , at least other jewish heretics such as christians have the whole concept of `` render unto ceasar ... '' which makes them somewhat more compatible with modern human thinking . 
  though muslims aside from immigration tend to be right wing in their views . 
  small flat fee as part of council tax . 
  i know where you coming from , they are definitely passionate about it .
