november 11 , 11/11 . 
  +1 is usa country code . 
  for poland , 11/11 . 
  +48 is poland country code . 
  so they are related . 
  lithuania is doing better than greece ? 
  meanwhile in the us , veterans day, 
  long after ussr had collapsed, 
  would he care if we call him kebab king ? 
  best for inbreeding for sure, 
  still not as generous as usa, 
  haiti is more generous than france lol, 
  who cares what russia tv thinks , russia is not as influential as the us, 
  kebab flavored weed sounds like a blast, 
  still laughable . 
  america has more aircraft carriers, 
  it means super communist, 
  uk is not the major exporter of democracy , so maybe their democracy is n't that good, 
  are you saying mexico has more influence than spain ? 
  but fair enough , america has more influence than uk . 
  spain wins at something again, 
  how come russian women are flocking to the west to marry gay pigs ? 
  that means russian men are worse shit than gay pigs yo ? 
  i heard south london is very expensive . 
  how much are houses there ? 
  $ 1 for kebab warships sounds like a good deal, 
  that 's more like communism , like protecting russian labors . 
  brits do n't know how to make frog sounds ... 
  got ta catch some russian mail order brides, 
  does that mean the collapse of oil countries ? 
  but curry is so delicious ... 
  africans make good club bouncers, 
  blame it on brexit, 
  one hundred years ago britian and france were doing the same thing ... 
  trying to control the world, 
  it 's having a strike against long working hours . 
  american probes do n't have strikes lol, 
  but the us has more nobel laureates ? 
  and pioneer at research stuff, 
  burger ? 
  so they are like a bike gang that hang out at mcdonald 's ? 
  like send shitloads of beautiful mail order brides to steal old uk men . 
  british women are n't too pretty i guess ... 
  scotland, 
  not that expensive in american standards . 
  the us is rich and can afford shitload of stuff, 
  stay in the us, 
  kebab nazi planes are very rare . 
  serbia ? 
  people there might cook your pitbull ... 
  russia is sending mail order brides, 
  a commie answer to tarzan perhaps . 
  spain is taking siesta during the whole war ... 
  whatever french or british or spanish breakfast you eat man , when they come out in the toilet , they all look the same yo, 
  yes , surrender is of french origin too lol . 
  just anything but french . 
  when you speak french , the enemy thinks you are surrendering . 
  yes . 
  lol whatever , just let america do all the creativity things while we sit back and have good welfare system . 
  the refugees just want to speak out for trade unionists , like the famous poem `` first they came for '', 
  because it 's american capitalist freedom chocolate, 
  very nice house . 
  shitty car though, 
  wear a huge ass hip hop cross necklace , like have a bling . 
  or visit dressing up like a buddhist monk . 
  ca n't you just put a micro sd card like in a box and then let it fall from orbit ? 
  or just use cloud drive kind of thing since it 's gon na be near the cloud when it falls from orbit stuff . 
  as for spain , we 're only good at hitting bulls . 
  we do n't hit humans , not recently . 
  be with spain . 
  not a good time for germany because spaniards could be mistaken as refugees . 
  spread nutella on a bread, 
  polish women are very beautiful . 
  i like too . 
  i prefer burrito . 
  lol horny italian man they would have sex with pizza dough . 
  is n't robotics good for uk since immigrats are taking their labor jobs, 
  i do n't have a degree in it . 
  i guess it 's time for me to practice some flamenco dance, 
  spain is better for vacation . 
  yeah right , and spain is the european equivalent of mexico . 
  can spaniards find a job in poland ? 
  not a flamenco dancer at night club kind of job . 
  like a university degree job . 
  so it 's like a zoo to let people know not to coup stuff, 
  just ignore them . 
  they are good at hunger strike like ramadan stuff, 
  it 's a good way to convince that we need catalonia independence, 
  can you move to australia if you have proof that your great grandparent did crime ? 
  maybe get sri lankan citizenship, 
  germany also gives out medal of honor ? 
  i thought they use iron cross, 
  that 's some good advertisement for german cars there . 
  my 1996 seat ibiza does n't have that kind of horsepower . 
  it runs in our genes i guess . 
  we also turned mexicans and filipinos into thieves . 
  still better than muslim poland, 
  time to rename turkey meat to something else, 
  that 's true . 
  plus uk and france have nukes , which will deter russia from invading .
