  practice some spanish with your gardener might help . 
  i prefer tapas . 
  seems like spain will take siesta if there is a big war . 
  so nazi frogs ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  the last time uk was global leader was a century ago, 
  foie gras is the truly horror food . 
  it 's made by forcing feed the geese even when they 're full . 
  chinese science cured malaria . 
  they do n't like sangria ? 
  could you please explain what is the situation over there ? 
  and who do your friends support ? 
  https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2015/08/which-countries-waste-the-most-food/ i 'm surprised that eu waste almost as much food ( per capita kg/year ) as north america and oceania combined . 
  should n't eu be better at this ? 
  polish vodka is better . 
  but the famous saying among the pilots is like this , `` if it 's not boeing , then i 'm not going '' . 
  rhymes too . 
  it 's ok just do n't do it in spain . 
  the stereotype is that all russians beat people , so artists are included . 
  i 've heard a spaniard got beat up in russia because he looked arab . 
  what are some fun things to do in gda\u00f1sk ? 
  can you show more photos ? 
  so south korea making exploding phones is innovative . 
  yeah , america already has lots of nobel laureates , they do n't need that peace prize really . 
  you made the video ? 
  nice work . 
  maybe make a night one too , 
  nice , but if i visit now , i do n't think i can handle the weather . 
  toyota seems like a smart choice . 
  japanese cars are reliable . 
  are hyundai cars safe ? 
  maybe it 's time to dump my 1996 seat ibiza in a forest . 
  til romanians are bears . 
  year 2040 : legalize robot-human marriage !, 
  which car is used in czech republic 's fake taxi ? 
  i 'm sorry to bring this up , but both ireland and russia drive hyundai ? 
  i 'm imaging uk people making blonde jokes to the swedes . 
  thor did some cool stuff, 
  how are spaniards treated over there ? 
  brits are in spain too . 
  ikea then, 
  holy roman empire would be cool, 
  a bandit who only robs condoms . 
  yassar arafat won nobel peace prize in 1994 . 
  i think the prize committee decided on that while being on lsd . 
  hillary clinton, 
  kebab making robots would be bad, 
  spain is too lazy to commit crime, 
  sail them to israel . 
  yes , eating frogs is so much better than eating tapas . 
  they like to watch animals getting hit i guess . 
  yes , place the refugees in 5 star hotels and give them michelin 3 star meals and have female volunteers befriend them . 
  germany exiting eu would be fun, 
  france they 're pretty much hypocrites . 
  they screwed up rwanda and did other shady things , but opposed the us because it did n't serve their interests . 
  now they 're ok with eating freedom fries and delivering freedom bauguettes . 
  uk should just join the arab league for the lolz, 
  what meat is that in the first pic ? 
  own big guns to compensate for something ... 
  at first refugee convention sounds like anime convention , like a convention all about refugees . 
  spain will just take siesta during the war , like in wwii, 
  muslims even hit each other . 
  like sect wars . 
  the only thing they do n't kill are pigs . 
  like they do n't eat awesome jam\u00f3n, 
  fuck yeah communist russia get ready for some freedom delivery !, 
  fuck yeah communist russia get ready for some freedom delivery !, 
  eu is nicer to muslims than how eu is to christians, 
  threat ? 
  such pussies . 
  and fuck yeah communist russia get ready for some freedom delivery !, 
  blue period blood ? 
  but it 's `` czech engineering '', 
  just put all refugees there to populate the island . 
  like a kebab island . 
  but it 's `` czech engineering '' . 
  irrelevant news, 
  skoda cars are better than these `` german engineering '' cars . 
  even hyundai is beat, 
  thank you . 
  did they give examples of what discrimination is like ? 
  yes , compared to estonia . 
  can you give a summary of their responses in english ? 
  he probably also wants to create the holy adidas slavic empire . 
  but usa wins at having 540 billionaires , despite having less population . 
  they 're the champion of capitalism and freedom . 
  everyone should just switch to mail.ru, 
  why did n't you ask the waiter ? 
  making toilets around the country does add a lot of jobs . 
  is it like a fried potato in dinosaur shape ? 
  can they even afford a good gun ? 
  paris has more stores roasting kebabs . 
  it can provide a good laser show for the troops at night . 
  who is the controller of the puppet ? 
  it 's hard for old retirees to learn new things , so it 's ok . nowadays google translate is pretty convenient, 
  these people are the ones who deserve asylum . 
  too bad in uk nobody drives the cool seat ibiza, 
  can someone eli5 ? 
  what does this affect ? 
  lol be grateful that you have the freedom to not to learn english .
