  so the french are like mexicans . 
  french planes have auto surrender system on them . 
  estonia is n't slavic ? 
  spend 100 papal influence to increase stability, 
  in the us you need to make 450k usd per year to be in top 1 % , whereas in germany top 1 % only make 100k euros per year, 
  should 've told him american interventionism is what saved europe from german nazis, 
  spain and greece ca n't count money . 
  that 's why bad economy, 
  comparing her to trump is an insult to trump, 
  can i add pepsi to french wine ? 
  ukraine : can i pay to marry your sister ? 
  but french wine taste better in the form of sangria no ? 
  that 's right communist russia enjoy your freedom delivery !, 
  lol latino, 
  what does trade surplus do ? 
  well , in the past 200 years many countries in europe have defaulted , and not once for some . 
  yes , more like in general asset . 
  it 's cool that usa never defaulted , 
  many countries have defaulted in the past . 
  what 's wrong with defaulting ? 
  podemos seemed ok at first but now ... 
  and accidentally be shipped to israel for lolz, 
  thailand seems like a better choice . 
  better government . 
  just ban trucks in paris . 
  or ban all cars lol, 
  too late , they 're already on a headstart with owning the solar system . 
  harley davidson bikes are better imo, 
  or just come play in spain, 
  france now has their own adolf hitler . 
  and a female version too lol, 
  could you please explain why inequality will be worse ? 
  it seems like a global trend , not specific to eu, 
  are these attacks carried out by muslims ? 
  but they say it 's good for long term economy ? 
  what about the 5 million euros he received from lybia 's gaddafi ? 
  what about the 5 million euros he received from lybia 's gaddafi ? 
  what about the 5 million euros he received from lybia 's gaddafi ? 
  spain has good weather so do n't have to sit at home using internet yo, 
  but what will happen to eu 's great socialist system ? 
  too much to maintain both . 
  good . 
  lybia 's gaddafi gave sarkozy 5 million euros in cash, 
  what is the profit of renting out a flat in germany ? 
  let 's say in berlin and frankfurt . 
  at where i live , it 's 400 euros/month . 
  maybe we can do a mini poll here, 
  even selling them pork is more acceptable . 
  10000 euros , how much tax do they pay ? 
  i agree , refugees need to be considered positively . 
  refugees do n't work , so they wo n't steal jobs . 
  they rape german women , so increases germany 's birth rate . 
  they do n't eat pork , so germans can still eat their wurst . 
  is making fun of trump all europe can do ? 
  he might destroy europe 's economy and safety in the next 4 years . . 
  top 1 percent in the us is 450k a year, 
  that 's more than top 1 % in france ? 
  even more than top 1 % in germany . 
  check salary of professors at harvard and stanford . 
  some make more than top 1 % in france . 
  but how many france universities are in world top 20 , compared to the us ? 
  but how many france universities are in world top 20 , compared to the us ? 
  the brits do n't take siesta , i 'm sure they will be quick . 
  nice gesture , too bad refugees want to live in germany . 
  better benefits . 
  thank you for the detailed information . 
  does us need to do some public transportation system and more carpooling ? 
  i feel like a lot of co2 emission is from there, 
  did n't they say if average temperature gets 4 celsius higher then it 's bad ? 
  like how long can delay that ? 
  too bad trump 's eastern european wife probably has more power than them . 
  i agree . 
  go to nyc , chicago , san francisco . 
  all the modern buildings are way more impressive . 
  time to buy a toyota . 
  japanese cars are more reliable anyway . 
  japan would n't let some american video games to be sold in japan because of competition . 
  they do n't have freedom nor do they have the balls to compete . 
  you noticed ? 
  i thought i 've been quite subtle . 
  yeah right , but not everyone is shakespeare . 
  not much , yeah right . 
  not as bad as what spain had . 
  pfff , cry babies . 
  yeah right , but the descendents of the refugees , some of them might be future attackers . 
  if they do n't integrate . 
  not much , yeah right . 
  yeah right , but the two incidents could 've been prevented if refugee applications were strictly reviewed . 
  not much , yeah right . 
  yeah right , a small portion of refugees killed 100 + people last year . 
  not much , yeah right . 
  tibet, 
  to be fair , not many europeans can point out where wyoming or alabama is . 
  yeah right , the raped women in cologne attacks , the female medical student who was raped and murdered recently . 
  not much , yeah right . 
  shinzo abe is a super right winger though, 
  hire a +3 advisor with improvement in spy network construction . 
  france needs more freedom fries . 
  yeah right , muslims are a lot safer and tame compared to right wingers . 
  the same army that saved the whole europe from speaking german .
