  even though there 's nothing worth nuking in russia, 
  it 's better for the economy, 
  maybe the russians are envious ? 
  they can not afford good soy product and not even horse dong . 
  it 's different . 
  many people want to be part of eu . 
  but nobody wants to be part of spain . 
  the us marines can have german women for free , now they have software for free too . 
  are you joking lol, 
  they get all the beautiful european mail order brides too . 
  czech republic 's economy has been doing well, 
  they should 've flown to germany . 
  better benefits . 
  but recently they have n't been nice to the poles living in uk ? 
  inbreeding is the key to getting good looking people, 
  seek asylum in spain . 
  turks and spaniards look alike , so you can blend in well . 
  prisons in the us seem to have a better living condition than ukraine, 
  well , she married a super rich american . 
  many female university grads would be happy to be in her position . 
  i would say it 's a sophisticated language . 
  now to the important part , how are the women ? 
  it 's banned in india ? 
  people there can get away with gang raping woman , but ca n't have a bullfight there ? 
  new nuke base in greece, 
  uk makes a lot of money from their royal people . 
  like they can sale the queen 's booger and someone will pay a lot for it . 
  then spain should try to get bullfighting or just rodeo into olympics . 
  so life is better in poland than in spain ? 
  i 've never been to poland , can someone like give an opinion ? 
  even if russia takes over the whole europe , they can not maintain it , look at ussr lol, 
  eastern/central europe will have an economy boom in the next two decades . 
  maybe become as good as uk , economy wise, 
  yeah uk and spain we are like usa 's little bitch . 
  we got screwed over for helping usa, 
  some russians do look like they 're exposed to nuclear radiation . 
  seek asylum in spain . 
  turks kind of look like spaniards . 
  can blend in . 
  so the janissary in age of empires 2 is real, 
  lol so it 's like a genetic kind of thing . 
  do n't they already have good american made military stuff ? 
  not as bad as andalusia, 
  so european women should seduce them , like keep them occupied so they would forget about doing bad stuff . 
  said by a german lol . 
  germans like caused two world wars . 
  at least ussr had big military . 
  and they sent someone orbiting the moon . 
  france gets blamed for everything nowadays, 
  yet google still gets sued because usa busted vw . 
  hope they do n't find europeans ungrateful . 
  ukraine they just had a bad start . 
  communism screwed a lot of countries over . 
  that policeman wants to work in america , so it 's like a add something to resume kind of thing . 
  maybe convert the muslims to judaism . 
  they get to wear some cool stuff on their head too . 
  now the population of them is small in europe . 
  like below 10 % . 
  but what would happen in 10 years ? 
  20 years ? 
  maybe just throw all the refugees to ibiza . 
  probably more smartphones than jobs spain has . 
  why does he care about voting so much ? 
  is he british ? 
  last time eastern europe did nuclear stuff , it did n't end well . 
  like a chernobyl stuff, 
  yes , arrest that guy that makes shitty kebabs too, 
  they have smartphones in bosnia ? 
  i would n't mind if they come to spain . 
  jews kind of look like spaniards , like can blend in well . 
  so i guess any economic situation better than late soviet union era is considered good and favorable . 
  do the russians still support putin after all this crap ? 
  so vw will have to pay more fine ? 
  time for eu to kick google out . 
  i bet the bad guys will claim the gay thing is influenced by france or europe . 
  who wants to move to greece ? 
  but wealth redistribution favors the poor, 
  not all spaniards are lazy . 
  spread nutella on a piece of bread . 
  why did you spell apologize the american way ? 
  are you from new england ? 
  did n't churchill also kind of dislike poor people ? 
  he said like a `` you ca n't make the poor richer by making the rich poorer '', 
  smart guess , englishman, 
  not mentioning adolf hitler ? 
  the french get to post napoleon , so i thought that hitler guy can maybe also somewhat like a mention contribution . 
  like rocket , autobahn , jet plane , prototype assault rifle . 
  same shit really, 
  uk they just like to eat curry . 
  how come denmark is like big number ? 
  really ? 
  my 1996 seat ibiza ? 
  it 's better for the economy . 
  i heard some tourists get robbed in poland . 
  would like to visit though because i like your colorful town buildings . 
  town buildings in spain is kind of like meh, 
  67 % obesity rate lol, 
  did n't know poland is still communist, 
  0.2 % growth lol, 
  spain .
