  good sun . 
  good food . 
  cheap prostitutes . 
  i think you can live in mexico and bolivia too . 
  just pretend to be one of them, 
  i guess voting is a fun national sport in uk, 
  does greece have tax check on prostitutes too ? 
  like a pretend to be a customer and stuff . 
  sounds like a good occupation . 
  spain has more money than france . 
  they can easily reprint the same puzzle ? 
  read that as pro-gluten, 
  doing a nazi salute in public in germany probably like a get more jail time, 
  only 30 % . 
  and google pulled out of china before just fine . 
  eh i do n't really trust france . 
  like their government has done some shady stuff . 
  like worse than usa, 
  that 's never possible . 
  europe is all about socialism and good welfare benefit, 
  canada is too far for mexicans . 
  like a need to cross two borders, 
  very good orchestra . 
  makes me wan na find some frog to eat . 
  very good orchestra . 
  makes me wan na find some frog to eat . 
  he 's not seeking asylum in spain because germany has better benefits ? 
  the americans they just care too much about their puppet state i guess, 
  60 % of revenue of google is still huge . 
  they can survive just catering the americans, 
  but prostitution is legal in europe , and is a lot more affordable than nevada ? 
  just saying that europe still has something to offer . 
  yeah right like germany is comparable to usa, 
  does n't usa have like 45 % of millionaires in the world, 
  how is google bad ? 
  they have good email service , good cloud service , and more, 
  europeans are better at math . 
  americans can afford more paper . 
  i feel like the numbers should be lower for greece and spain , because sex workers do n't like a claim they 're working, 
  genes , you mean they have been both mixed with russians ? 
  lol at hooker belt . 
  the rest of the world think amsterdam is like a hooker capital . 
  germany has troops ? 
  i thought the us limited their scale of military . 
  why not learn german ? 
  better country, 
  well , it 's not like hungary is a big market . 
  or people there can afford uber, 
  well france screwed over rwanda , so rwanda 's like a poor is kind of related to europe, 
  greeks are related to turks ? 
  or he wants like a slavic, 
  was n't russia already bad in the late 80s, 
  these books are n't some light reading on commute, 
  there 's some problem in your country if you have to compare it to italy . 
  and spain , of course . 
  uk military would only succeed on the african continent . 
  this is not like a last century . 
  harrier plane . 
  at4 anti tank missle . 
  german women near us military station in germany . 
  it just means the mobs are hung like rocket, 
  is it because the grocery store does n't sell frogs ? 
  so they mad, 
  many countries are poor now , why should they like a spend money on exterior defense ? 
  spain lets retired eu citizens stay . 
  is n't that some sort of investment ? 
  usa is cool as fuck . 
  people say usa did bad stuff , but take a check at what europe did in recent 500 years . 
  this should n't be a competition though . 
  i thought germany is doing well ? 
  will there be another crisis ? 
  people in uk prefer homosexuals over poles lol . 
  lol freedom fries, 
  what is italy 's influence on eu ? 
  like contribution ? 
  was n't he like a big conservative and would have been disliked by many people nowadays ? 
  lol rest assured . 
  not like we are able to become a global superpower like the us anyway . 
  is n't there some benefit of lowering currency value ? 
  can someone like a explain ? 
  there are many retired uk expats in spain . 
  i 'm wondering what would happen to them and their retirement plans . 
  northern europe has very good growth ? 
  that 's weird because they 're already rich . 
  like not much room for improvement . 
  in soviet russia , the door kicks you !, 
  all german women should protest this by being nude in public for a week . 
  and maybe come protest in spain too . 
  i 'm curious , what countries will most likely to vote leave ? 
  so these people are proud of france 's role in rwanda genocide ? 
  especially seems like right wing is on the rise in france . 
  german beer tastes better than vodka , i guess . 
  but you can reddit at work ? 
  so we are all inbreds lol, 
  their playing style is very orderly . 
  nestle is a swiss company that has done some terrible things . 
  you can google it . 
  how about the cold winters ? 
  why is the guy in red shirt touching his groin ? 
  so the french are like north koreans , trying to leave the collective government .
