that 's not quite accurate . 
  there must always be a buyer for each seller . 
  so the supply and demand are equal in the end . 
  but the moods and feelings of sellers and buyers differ . 
  sellers are in a state of panic . 
  so they sell cheap . 
  statistically this is very weird , this is a map of invalid votes . 
  definitive proof , no . 
  the previous parliament as one of its last decisions quickened the processing of a bill that would let them ( po ) put 5 of their people into the tribunal instead of letting the new parliament do it . 
  it was widely criticized then as making the tribunal a political institution . 
  there is a long description attached to the bill , showing how it looks like in other countries with acknowledged proper democracies . 
  not so different . 
  i agree it 's a power grab , it 's obvious , it 's the goal of most politicians . 
  remember that both our big parties took part in the sabotage of the const . 
  court . 
  why both ? 
  who profits ? 
  politicians have to be at least be reelected ( or their party ) to keep money going in and keep the power . 
  in the current system judges and prosecutors are untouchable and for life . 
  they do n't even have to care . 
  they have strong family connections inside the system and these are not single cases . 
  they should be just another group of public servants , not our masters . 
  but politicians who are the members of parliament are the only people that we actually elect ( except for the president ) . 
  they are as close to us as it can be . 
  the parliament can amend constitution and that 's ok , so why it can not take part in the process of election of a control body over judiciary ? 
  for me the `` country within country '' that is the judiciary in unacceptable . 
  no , it will be a fact only when the constitutional tribunal says so . 
  that 's an opinion , but it can be so, 
  direct democracy would mean no law and no rules as everything could be voted on , case by case . 
  unless it would very hard to organise the voting . 
  currently we are overflooded with democracy-everything , nobody talks of republic , so it seems words has changed their meaning over time . 
  democracy is a catch-all phrase as was socialism before . 
  everything `` needs '' to be democratic or is wrong . 
  according to traditional definitions , democracy is in no danger in poland though . 
  what i mean is yes , they are very well trained . 
  they could be technically proficient , great at executing some laws to the letter ( if they all knew them ) . 
  but still morally and not only morally corrupt . 
  during the latest years the training had less and less emphasis on philosophy , logic , theory of law . 
  they are just office workers now , not some magical creatures above us all . 
  a major of a city might enforce some law to the letter but still can be voted out of the office because of his decisions . 
  a judge , at any level , can not . 
  this is wrong . 
  this is especially crucial because the law as it now is so complex that you can put any random person in prison for sth ( or at least make his life miserable ) if you exert influence on the judge . 
  of course i do n't trust them to apply the law . 
  just as i do n't blindly trust any other branch of power . 
  there must be some direct oversight over individual judges and prosecutors . 
  they are trained . 
  by their future collegues . 
  and once in you will do everything to stay in . 
  no other job waits for you . 
  i strongly doubt the supposed high moral standing and clarity of the judiciary . 
  just because they finished the right university and passed several exams should they be declared superior ? 
  where are the checks and balances here ? 
  not directly , but if legislative and executive are the same people , nothing stops them . 
  as for judiciary and constitutional court , you are right , although the current opposition has first started messing around with it , so one could guess they all will profit from the situation . 
  problem is the judiciary answers to noone except their own . 
  you can at least make a decision during elections when it is about parliament . 
  there is nothing like that for judiciary , they are an impenetrable caste ... 
  it is a philosphical theory . 
  in poland it is not like that . 
  there is president and sejm and the judiciary . 
  some important person from parliament is usually selected for prime minister , who at his own discretion organises the third cabinet of parliament ( it boils down to it ) , among acting deputies too - the council of ministers . 
  the council has in result both legislative and executive powers . 
  it is perfectly normal here for government to write most of new laws and push them thru parliament . 
  there are no three branches here at all . 
  not like that . 
  so malpractice does not exist at all ? 
  who else should be independent like that ? 
  we have seen it before with medical doctors being judged for malpractice by their fellows . 
  weirdly there was very little malpractice ... 
  how about a csm independent of the judicuary and not selected by other judges only ? 
  you can not expect a fair treatment of `` their own people '' . 
  what do you think of federal court in germany ? 
  still it happens . 
  not that long ago a guy was freed after 4 years of arrest . 
  truth is judges are not accountable to anyone . 
  try having a court case . 
  good luck . 
  more money ? 
  3 % of budget already goes there . 
  do we need more taxes ? 
  maybe the new fuel tax could cover that ? 
  while i do not approve of their methods and their lack of professionalism , they are at least trying to introduce some kind of public oversight over courts , because now there is none . 
  because they ( any current opposition ) hope they will get full power in the future , so why not have a set of laws that will let them do that ? 
  what you described is still democracy just with higher levels of protection for changing constitution . 
  and this constitution must guarantee something and not say at every important article that `` exceptions can be added by lower level laws '' . 
  of course they do , they have the majority in parliament and they can pass any law . 
  that 's the beauty of democracy in action . 
  it 's certain that whatever other party wins the next election it will use the new laws to full extend to their favour and not repel them . 
  the constitutional tribunal has been dismantled by both parties and it 's previous judgements were well ... remember about ofe . 
  all i 'm saying that the court system is disfunctional . 
  could it be still any worse ? 
  the current opposition had 8 long years to fix it and fix loopholes in the law , which now let pis do what they are doing . 
  no mercy for po here either . 
  i just stated a few facts , i 'm not defending pis , do n't be angry at me . 
  we will see if it breaks constitution . 
  there still is the constitutional court , taken apart bit by bit by both `` main '' parties . 
  the court system does n't work here . 
  simple civil cases take years . 
  people are kept arrested for years without charges .
