  you are welcome to use numbers to answer the question about how the average german feels about it . 
  but why not simply let them talk . 
  i am terrible sorry if he did n't validate your preconception / s . 
  if you believe everything your government says as true and everything else is `` western propaganda '' then they believe they are telling the `` truth '' as they see it . 
  we wo n't stop removing comments for racism and banning the really bad cases , we will just end dishing out permabans for disliking immigration . 
  hey it is europe and yes we are currently looking into how to engage more with the community . 
  thank you very much , it is so great to get positive feedback !, 
  most of the changes now are possible due to a change in lead moderator . 
  maybe i think it is an option but i think comments are less critical than posts because if somebody reads the comments he will find other opinions much more easily than just looking at the headlines . 
  if it is getting really bad we can still ban them , simply report one of the comments and we will look into it . 
  there is much more going on in the background , also moderation is a bit of trial and error to be honest . 
  tagging helps how exactly ? 
  if they are tagged the front page is now full with tagged posts ... 
  report those please if you think they are pointless , it helps us with finding people who are pushing agendas and with keeping a diversified front page . 
  you could also argue that the right knows that their anti immigration and trying to be pure is indefensible and try to drown out the other people 's opinions . 
  drown out other opinions ? 
  if they are they are n't working that great : /, 
  there are n't really any tools to detect it for the moderators only the admins can do it . 
  you mean the one side is allowed to drown out the other sides opinion just because they are more active and have alts . 
  if somebody submits only links to one topic it is kinda obvious , about shadow banning , sure they will find out , but it takes way longer . 
  i meant on / r/europe, 
  but would n't that also be biased ? 
  just for your side ? 
  i agree with you but would add alt accounts which are obviously just created to push an agenda . 
  it is sad but if they only get banned another one will pop up . 
  what are less biased mods like ? 
  i mean i am looking for feedback . 
  look at the moderator team . 
  sure but i have never seen a high quality wordpress , also you can always message the mods if you believe that something you posted is of special high quality . 
  sites of the wordpress.com domain are banned because they are known for having notoriously low quality content . 
  if something is really important get a domain . 
  ping, 
  link to it please, 
  please use the report button next time . 
  approved , be carefull with email addresses , automoderator hates them ... 
  it is fine , we know of this nasty thing called paywall . 
  can you prove it ? 
  you make it way to easy and i think you do n't even want to distinguish between them , in your head you think muslim = bad and be done with it . 
  tories are completely different from the csu / cdu . 
  fixed, 
  eddit post , please do it again , it should be fixed now . 
  fixed, 
  fixed . 
  then lets hope they get hit with a hefty fine . 
  i think it is pretty much the subreddit is that way at the moment and if you have a closer look almost all the rules in the sidebar are enforcing the reddiquette . 
  please cool down , you are very close to breaking rule 1.1 . 
  the problem is that if there are no restrictions you get all the `` idiots ' . 
  which i think is sad . 
  i hope you will allow us to use our best judgement , if you disagree with a decision you can always send us a modmail . 
  is n't it always adapt or die ? 
  i mean if the french farmers are incapable of inovating and adapting then they will end up losing their farms ... 
  still not really the right thing to do ... 
  you mean that attacking lorries is within the law ? 
  we are one of you opponents for the wm-quali 2020 ? 
  could you please provide a source for it ? 
  what a mind blowing stupid comment with gerneralitzation by a person who probably was never there ... 
  i think i know who you mean , but who is an is sympathiser ? 
  banned for no sourcing  just kidding , i really hope somebody makes that map !, 
  well we also have a gender neutral pronoun . 
  why do ships and such are female in english , it makes no sense  . 
  in german everything has a gender , 
  but the agreeements where just pipedreams by the greek goverment , give me money for no reforms . 
  i think the current think is really harsh because nobody trusts greece to do painfull but needed reforms . 
  could you please supply a source ? 
  but neither should they be accepted just because they are radical , i think every idea should be judged on their own merit . 
  amost every big country has big local differnces , i have been to the us , and there is no place the same . 
  well , but if you do n't pay your taxes you should be the last to complain that there is never money for anything , also why should we give greece money if even they do n't give money to their goverment ... 
  you are comparing apples with oranges ... 
  i looked it up you can basiclly do whatever you want with pictures of public buildings . 
  i think the simplified rule is that you can make a photo of everything you like as long as you are on public grounds . 
  to be honest being a refugee in autria sucks , you often get stuck in tents or in houses which were designed for about 1/2 the reguees . 
  well , but we need more tools at the moment we use hacks , horrible modmail ans automoderator to run everything which is horrible . 
  yeah , i think so too , i think he wants to avoid any headlines about conflicts and that everybody gets along . 
  also if somebody from a completly different culture just arrives they will of course have different ideas and such and you have to be a bit carefull not to offend people with blunders . 
  most of the newsletter is about helping them and being nice to them because they are refugees , so i think this entire thing is overblown . 
  i read the original letter and that is like totally not true , it is just a recommendation for smoothing things over . 
  it is like a small part of the letter and the article is great at missrepresenting ... 
  right also a great klickbait and if you can read german it is just a reminder that different cultures are different and that is one small sub paragraf that says that a certain behaviour will make it easier for everybody ... 
  for gods sake it is russia today , the russian propaganda source no . 
  one ... 
  it 's wikipedia it is only as good as its source . 
  i am missing a / s , 
  i mean something like only one hour a week . 
  we start getting aquinted with english around 7 and we also really start learning it around 10 . 
  i heared that you have almost no english or other languages in school , is that right ? 
  well , we export our brightest minds . 
  / s somebody said that austrias greatest achivement was convicing the world that bethoven was an austrian and that hitler was german ... , 
  well , you asked for it  i mean honestly , there are so many unfriendly people in france when you do n't speak french : /, 
  you dozens have no chance against us 42 fighting for austrian supremacy . 
  edit : there is no germany , it is only a small adjunct to austria . 
  hey , i would buy that , could we have a version that blocks france entierly , 
  probably about 19 000 $ . 
  to all the people crying brigading , please send us prove of the brigading , if you do n't do it what should we do ? 
  remove a thread when somebody cries wolf ? 
  both save energy and if the vaccum is efficient enough you wo n't notice the difference , except that you pay less on your energy bill . 
  sure i think it is , but the world filters are n't impelemnted yet with the new css . 
  will have to ask our creative mod when it will be implemented tho . 
  btw : if you have anything to ask or wish simply sent a pm to / r/europe . 
  please tone it down a bit and try to stay on topic . 
  you mean in a better mood than usual  do n't worry we have our own worry cases .
