  i think i know the answer , 
  most of them have reddit moderator experience . 
  well , somebody missread when copying it i do n't know who , 
  yeah , but there were n't that many other news articles and we removed none , so i think it is a pretty good indicator . 
  you should still see the sticky , even on a mobile client . 
  i agree , but i think that they are only the least evil , but still good for them . 
  well , but there is always a road and it is never running straight . 
  i can only nothing other than what sly in the other comment has said , he hit the nail in the head about my comment . 
  not a composite but often neither extreme is the right one . 
  i do n't want to say it , but i think it is a bit easier in the us due to : a : gerrymandered districts b : only two parties and nobody is really ashamed to say what party he likes . 
  c : i also think he had a bit of luck , 
  yeah , you see the enthusiam about it here in the subreddit , nothing much to say about the election . 
  if overspending fails will the left-wing establishment finally admit that they were wrong ? 
  it is always a difficult thing to say what is right or wrong , i believe normally there is a good middle road between the two . 
  well , we had it happened in austria too and you can not analyse if somebody simply says what he will vote ? 
  predictions are n't always accurate , some people are closet voters , they would n't admit to voting a party , but they do . 
  pretty much . 
  i think the first place gets additional seats as to make it easier to rule / find a coalition . 
  done , thank you, 
  sure , thanks for the post , 
  i think tsipras is a gifted potician who is really good his people and who learned his painfull lessons from the last 6 months and will lead greece to a bright future . 
  somehow people voted on it although it was removed , if something like this happens , posts will be removed . 
  pretty cool stuff , stickied it so people see it while it is going on . 
  he did n't say that russians are a big group but that their asylum requests should be taken seriously . 
  even tho i am not always a fan of theeconomist , it is simply hard to disagree with the logic , but it is hard to find a consensus when some countries want to have the cake and eat it . 
  we got a pretty good automderator so it should n't be too bad . 
  you mean a decisive stance to then be called and thrown freedom of speech and such at our heads ? 
  we have the problem of being / r/gaming and / r/games in one and that it is incredibly hard to find a line that people agree with . 
  because it is the wrong place , go to / r/europemeta please . 
  a bit of a change , you now can post them , but please be sensible about what you post . 
  done, 
  i think it is more like going to the office next door to lodge your complaints . 
  also we are not the first to add this policy and it makes it much easier to follow meta discussions . 
  i tinkered it in just so it is there , it will change soon ( tm ), 
  calling somebody idiot is against this subs rules ... 
  you know what you are doing is slander and one of the things the 1st amendmenet would n't protect ? 
  i think it would depend on the wording of the treaties and the implementation . 
  sure , but where ? 
  i mean it is not like the eu can go with their army into a country and simply place a camp there , think of the logistics to feed people there and do n't even start me what people do if they are bored . 
  it is simpler to let them settle in the eu , and by that i mean only refugees and not people who come here for ecomnomic reasons , those can be send back without any problems imo . 
  a joint eu decision on how to distribute the refugees would be a good start to defuse the current swamping . 
  you are right , but that does n't mean that if they are on your doorstep that you should send them back . 
  it is sad that you are leaving this subreddit , good luck on your journey . 
  editorialisation / bait title , nothing to do with the conent , please resubmit with direct link . 
  / runs after sly with a baseballbat and screams better not let me catch you !, 
  i agree that we always have a big influx of mod q when the american timezone starts . 
  it is an interesting video , but the title , is really far from the content of the video . 
  it would n't work for mobile and it would really not solve much . 
  this is my last message , as you can see in the other comments nobody thinks your comment adds anything to the discousion . 
  it is fun and such , but it is not adding anything to the subreddit . 
  i did n't remove it because it was racist , but because it was low effort and low quallity content . 
  you can do it right here , or send us a modmail but i promise you that it will stay removed . 
  maybe it is due to the definition of rape in sweden ? 
  removed due to low quality, 
  and the eu-parlament is completly unelected / s you know that they vote for the comissioner ? 
  no , there are n't please read up on it . 
  what a high quality source ... 
  yeah , go to / r/atheism and ask about how to be a good christian . 
  yes , really , yes, 
  okay , i give some people are just to set into their ways and can not be helped :( it is sad apparently you only come here to hear your own gospel and to spit venom . 
  you are propably one of those guys who are totally for emaciaption , except when you feel threatend and you are probably cleaning buildings and are afraid that imigrants will take your job away , got you . 
  everything can be interpreted in different ways , it is not like the catholic church wrote a new bible ... 
  it is not our obligation to take in muslims , it is our obligation to take in refugees . 
  all the states in europe are signatories to the geneva convention and all those in the eu are beholden by the european convention of human rights . 
  they both state that people who would have to fear prostecution / war / death in their home country must be helped . 
  i also never agrued that it is good , but rather that it has to be accepted that people have a different religion and that as long as they follow the laws they should be free to live however they want . 
  i for myself am disgusted by scientology and other cults but as long as they follow the laws of the country . 
  also it might costs us now , but do you really think they want to sit around and do nothing ? 
  i always say : `` welcome them , give them a save place and operunities to work and they will become valuable members of our society '' . 
  just because somebody has a certain religion does n't mean he is crazy , also the definition of crazy often depends on the point of view . 
  800 years ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magdalene_laundries_in_ireland i think that violence is not a solution ( or at least only one of last resort when everything else failed ) and that we should try to help them integrate as much as possible i mean those are maybe a burden now ( and in comparison to the population of europe they are a small one ) but they will become assets in the future . 
  also generalisations about religions is so not the way to go . 
  i do n't say that all catholics are nutjobs about abortion because there are those who go to sunday school , hate all other religions and throw plastic fetuse at people who go to an abortion clinic . 
  i agree with you , but i hate it that some people say that the european religions where always peacefull and only islam is a problem . 
  i just came back from ireland and what the church did there is horrible . 
  till the late 20th century they forced woman who had a child out of wedlock to work there and took their children away who then often died due to indiference . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexuality_in_medieval_europe but only because stoning was never the modus operandi of killing people in europe , more common was burning alive , nouse and removing the head . 
  however there were some other creative methods to kill somebody painfully . 
  and you love losing arguments ? 
  / s also why is history not a relevant counterpoint ? 
  i mean if you do n't learn from history you are prone to make the same mistakes again . 
  is the way the refugee crisis handled perfect ? 
  there are so many opinions on what to do and the current system is not working due to a big influx . 
  about religion : surly radical people are always a problem , but they exist in every religion . 
  thanks for the personal insult , you know that in the history of europe there were wars fought over religion . 
  people were beat and killed for having a different religion . 
  we should talk again when you read a bit about the history in europe . 
  yes , it is n't bannable anymore , but still removable . 
  we should also deporte all catholics stop funding their churches do n't renovate buildings and kill those who do n't leave on their own ? 
  welcome to the dark ages ... 
  somebody said this is a duplicate , could somebody link to the original post ? 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission was removed as low quality or effort content . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules . 
  if you have any questions , please [ message the moderators ] ( / message/compose ? to = % 2fr % 2feurope ) . 
  we apologize for the inconvenience . 
  sure, 
  sorry , but you do n't meet the minimum account age,
