  well you gota prepare for the oh so mighty austria , a country that loves football but is pretty bad at it . 
  you can hope  do n't we have a match against you soon ? 
  not really  , we kinda lost almost every games there . ), 
  austria is pretty sure to qualify for the em 2016 in france . 
  it is the first time we would manage that in ages !, 
  i personally ban about one person a day , but that is just me . 
  i personally try to remove the comments first and only ban as a last resort , the post i removed , where primarily for breaking rule 1.1 which is basicly a rule against saying something bad about a group of people in general . 
  for example : * muslims are bad people . 
  this would be removed because it is a generalisation . 
  * all the muslims i know are dishonest . 
  this would n't be removed because it is n't a generalization . 
  i think you can not send somebody to prison just by accusing somebody , but i agree , if there is enough proof the women should go to jail . 
  the guys most definitly should be sentenced for assault . 
  we ban a ton of people on / r/europe for racism , but it is a game of wackamole , we ban one account and another one appears . 
  the best thing that you can do if you see something that breaks any rules is to report it , it will tell us what to look at . 
  sorry , i oversaw this , but please use the title of the article as the title , it is much easier to find and it does n't run into those kind of problems . 
  did you file a police report or something , it is just that there are so many trolls on this sub :(, 
  do n't know , you tell me , sadly this is the internet where all the chicks are guys and where everybody can type everything :(, 
  balantly editorialization , just saying . 
  removed, 
  could you please provide proof , if you want you can just send it to the mods and we promise to keep it private . 
  i think he means that he does n't want to be tried to be converted when he is n't interested and the abillity to live his live ignoring religion . 
  could you link to all those secular pro life sites that are n't backed by very conservative/religous money ? 
  i think that this graphic is cherry picking , i could also hake a graph that shows the oposite . 
  also , my history teacher said , never trust a statistic you did n't forge yourself . 
  hey , if you do n't like something or feel like it shows up too often , simply downvote it , this post does n't break any rules . 
  well you are allowed to post local news , unless it is your local news , that is news in america , 
  i am afraid to get downvoted into oblivion due to a bit of a community anger . 
  so i trey to be as postive about it so i do n't send my comment karma into oblivion . 
  thanks for posting this link and making it nsfw  it is really horrible , but it looks like everybody surrived , at least according to the bbc article . 
  ( it would have been much better to link to the bbc article and post the video in the comments  . 
  well , he also said that there should be no special deals for gb , so  . 
  also i think he is talking about a closer union with devoloution of powers ? 
  no clue how that would work ... 
  being punished for writing against the goverment and being punished and killed for it is n't the defenition of freedom in any book . 
  did you just link twice to the same post , according to your logic one post got removed once , that does n't mean that we will look into it tho . 
  but like another mod said , if you have concerns , please send us a modmail , it makes it much easier to react to concerns , you can make a post still afterwards about it . 
  that said we wo n't stop you discussing it , just keep it civil . 
  in how many different languages do you want to be banned ? 
  unless you go over the top i wo n't ban you , just remove your comment . 
  i doubt that he got a nobel prize for good behaviour  if he said something like this on / r/europe he would probably get banned for it . 
  please keep it civil , see this as a warning . 
  then he should n't claim that he has ever posted it ... 
  hi , i also can not see that post , could you link to it ? 
  they have a pretty uptodate results page , do you have a link to the official results page ? 
  well , everybody has a different opinion ... 
   if this leads to an akp-mhp coalition , would n't that actually be a worse result than the akp governing alone ? 
  maybe they will tear each other apart and none of them can push 100 % of their agenda . 
  why should n't it be it is a country partly on the continent and it is an really important ellection for the future of turkey . 
  good to hear , 
  sure , i think they will stop saying it is n't democratic and erdogan did n't get the chance to play dictator  . 
  i think he lost touch with the general population . 
  hey , i know you are happy , but please keep it civil  and till the last vote is count , everything is possible . 
  there are only 1/3 of the votes counted , my turkish is n't good enough to figure out where they were counted , but they should be primarily in the areas where akp should be strong because the voting polls closed earlier there , hdp still has a chance . 
  but when akp can not form a government ? 
  what happens then ? 
  i think there will be some manipulation , but generally it should be fair . 
  erdogan is breaking a few rules tho , according to another post . 
  this user got banned from the subreddit for this comment . 
  look , how do i know how long the site would be down , could be a week and if we check every website all the time . 
  if we do n't remove faulty links , then we get a ton of reports and annoyed users , you are n't the only person on this sub . 
  and if it is up again you could send a simple modmail and it would get reapproved . 
  404 website not found . 
  just to chime in as a mod for a second , we general dislike generalisations about religions . 
  there are certain elements of islam that is islam-conservative and then there are more progressive elements , just as in almost every other religion . 
  totally off-topic , please take your beef either to mod-mail or to pms . 
  do you know how many submissions we get , i took a look at the article , saw a very different headline . 
  what else do you want ? 
  please read the edit on my first post , at the moment you are annoyed about nothing . 
  well , i had a discussion with another user , and he said that sometimes websites change the headline after submission , which is really stupid and hurts users :( if you send a modmail , the entire mod team will discuss the issue , for now i reapproved it . 
   reddit jest lewicowy jebany debilu according to google translate you insulted him as a moron , please keep civil . 
  okay , thank you for your concerns . 
  well , the current policy is to remove those links , if you run into those problems you can petition the mods and then there will be a decisision . 
  bad manners , but it is the internet , things can change :( the only thing i can recommend with new articles is to resubmit with the new title . 
  well , looks like reuters is problematic then , maybe just use a different website\u00df, 
  removed due to editorialization , please simply use the title of the article , if you disagree , please message the mods with your arguments on why it should have been approved . 
  edit : there is a problem with some websites that change the title after they published the article , which ends up with it looking like the user editorialized the article , after some discussion and checking i reapproved the article . 
  ps : the report system is not a place for insults , use it only if something breaks the rules . 
  the idea is that it is the sfwporn version for digital arts . 
  90 % are so small that only the moderators submit content and all those subreddits combined are less work than / r/europe . 
  art is so much less controversial , and i am thankful for that , 
  have a close look , those 150 are part of a network that specializes on art and so that the same common rules are applied i am a member of all the subs , but most of the modwork is done by other mods , for more information go to / r/imaginarynetwork . 
  thanks , i always struggle with that word :(, 
  i meant more that all of europe statement , but i have a question , do you live in sweden ? 
  i think this might be a bit of a generalisation ... 
  you broke the not editorialisation rule so much that i had to remove , it however you are more than welcome to repost the link with the same title as the article . 
   austria back in the day was way bigger than it is nowadays ( it actually was austria-hungary ) and it was much flatter . 
  yes , but one off the crowning achievements of our railway is the semmering bahn , a railway over a pass with , for the time incredibly high incline . 
  could you post the content here in comments ? 
  it would make it easier to dicuss . 
  i have to say , that i do n't see the point of this submission , if you have a different opinion , plesae try to enlighten me !, 
  greetings saltysolomon, 
  i can not see the site , it is behind a paywall ? 
  is there any other way to access the article ? 
  what ? 
  as part of eastern austria i am afraid nobody shares your opinion . 
  hey , please do n't insult anybody , just because they have a different opinion . 
  if your main goal is to have a homogenous society , then imigration is a really bad thing , if you believe like me , in the right to self determination , then immigration is a viable methode to keep up the population growth of a country . 
  austria itself has a huge amount of immigration and while it causes some problems , it is also generating income for our social services by adding more young people to the population . 
  also : stop insulting people as blind and insane or you run into the danger of being shadowbanned .
