we have wallnut butter instead , 
  red is the color of power and kings and sovreinity . 
  most of the seals and the color is called `` burgundy red '' . 
  goes both ways , 
   english should be the common second language of all eu member states , unless it is already the first language . 
  and those have to learn either german or french , to the same level ofcourse . 
  because they are only talking and do n't do much . 
  there was some ruling of the ecj about how you can not remove european citizenship please look it up i am on my phone and a bit grogy on the details . 
  yes , but it is also an eu passport which allows you to get aid from any ambasy of another member country abroad when yours is n't available . 
  they build a sea wall against the monsters but it got destroyed ... 
  nah , they will simply refill it it into belarus packs and sell it , russia wo n't care because else their prices would shoot through the roof . 
  well , do you know who also revoked citizenship , the nazis . 
  and it also places the person in a really odd position . 
  plus there are tons of ways to abuse this and if i remember there are international treaties against it . 
  thats kinda how democracy works , if 90 % of the people want something , 10 % are kinda the minority , it is this way in every country . 
  well , the us numbers only count those who are looking for work and not those who are actually without work , so it is not a 100 % fair comparison . 
  just give it a shot , what is the subreddit btw . 
  in europe generally you do n't have to register in order to vote , you basiclly have the right and can simply show up on the vote day and vote . 
  also not all countries in europe have a president , for example austria has a president ( btw . 
  he is called fischer ) but he has no real power except to saveguard the constitution * and to represent austria . 
  * which is a mess , it is all over the place . 
  although strictly speaking this is not a true german rhyme because the end sylibils are different . 
  norway is part of the eea , which is a pretty name for having to follow all the rules , paying money and haveing no say on policy . 
  in return they get access to the single market . 
  he had to complete a list with 10 items ... 
  the austrians are still stuck in a imagining of grandeur what the austrian parlament does , they think that the emps just sit around all day while the austrian parliament governs the world . 
  also we have a certain amount of coruption in austria which is just slowly starting to get cleaned up . 
  well , those restrictions are only temporary and every new country to the eu gets caught in that basket , however what the uk and switzerland want to do is breaking rules and limit imigration outside eu law . 
  but they would probably do it in a way which gets uk really bad terms ... 
  they have german minorities, 
  well , they are kinda an eu member ( they are paying for the eu and have to apply almost all laws of the eu ) but without the representation and the official title ... 
  but i think they would becuase this would open the door to pick and choose . 
  no , he is austrian , at the time budapest was part of the austrian empire . 
  how does it work to apply for those subsidies , i am really interested into this . 
  so i could make a referendum for people from my block to secede from my country and that would be promoting democracy ? 
  switzerland, 
  you also `` freed '' south tyrol , 
  it is not per se illegal , there are like two countries you might get into trouble because they have wiederbet\u00e4tigungsgesetze ( anti-neo nazi laws ) which are germany and austria but in the rest of the world you get `` only brand marked ... . . 
  are you talking about the law which will reduced the maximum of watt a vacuum cleaner is allowed to consummate ? 
  i think it is a great idea because it will reduce the amount you pay for your power and challenge the producers of vacuum cleaner to research even more efficient cleaners . 
   it was absolutely not voluntary , and it was absolutely forced upon the people . 
  your democratically elected government which represents you has agreed to give loans to greece , so it was n't `` forced '' . 
   i do n't think you understand swedish neutrality . 
  us being `` unofficially '' aligned with the west does n't say anything about our neutrality . 
  we are not to be a part of any sort of alliance , that is the point of our neutrality . 
  the eu compromises this principle . 
  i personal know what neutrality is and is n't and although austria for example is officially neutral although not really , even trough the cold war we were pretty much part of the west although never part of any official treaty . 
   nope , wo n't do that , but i know for a fact that truck drivers from poland are really dumping the wages for truck drivers here . 
  i do n't even see any point in arguing with you . 
  i 'm not here to have a discussion with you - i 'm simply giving you my point of view . 
  you thought that you could initiate a serious argument here , if that is your wish then go to speak to someone else . 
  both you and i have already made up our minds . 
  it 's of course easy for you to be pro-eu since your country and your people are n't suffering for it . 
  quite a cowardly stance to take . 
  but on the other hand , i was happy for your new government - which many of your countrymen on reddit ( and perhaps you ) think i 'm an idiot for . 
  i am maybe a bit qualified to talk about loans and stuff that our australian friend here , ofc there was some reductions of loan due that there were simply more people willing to work for less money , however in those cases it is the job of the union and the national company to intervene and keep the wages to a livable level and lorry driving is to be quite frank , just not a job where you need a high level of qualification . 
  in my country there is the possibility to go to court as a private person after the fact and i agree with you that the government has no right to preemptively block sites because that would cut down everyones freedom , i am just saying that after the fact the private person must have a recourse which forces the perpetrator when proven by a court of law to pay a fine and publicly right his wrongs . 
  yes and they can not block those simply because also companies and important people use those so the entire blocking is incredibly pointless ... 
  so if i would call you ( insert random swear ) and i own a newspaper and i set everything to destroy your reputation by dishing out lies and such do you think that would be fine , or would you like to have a recourse against it ? 
  yes , it is n't really like we would need to learn english , i mean almost everything has a doubbed version and german is the language with the most native speakers in europe . 
  get a prepaid-creditcard , it is as good as a debit card and more has a good aceptance rate and you can get money from almost every atm . 
  cash is always welcomed . 
  but the stuff you had there before , as least as i read it where the `` correct '' answers , so i am a bit lost :(, 
  thanks , but still it says that switzterland is part of the eu , so i am a bit curious , 
  is switzerland member of the european union , i looked it up and acording to wikipedia , it is n't , so why would that be the correct answer ? 
  so the data will only scanned by the bnd ( german intelligence agency ) and then provided to the nsa , hurray !, 
  it is an interesting article , although i dislike that this is basically an opinion piece and not really and objective article . 
  and we also bring good wine and decent beer and lemonade , 
  no new precedent would be set because there are already many around the creation of new countries . 
  i mean just look at africa , there are many realative new countries . 
  they would have to reapply as a eu member because legally it would be a new country and it would be no member in any treaty or so , i gues they would even need a new constitution or such and it would take some time to set up additional birocracies . 
  about joining the eu : they are allready really close to the requirments to join the eu , however it would take some time till they can join because it is a complicated process and the new state would have to get settled . 
  i think it is really hard to identify what a problematic person is . 
  some people think thatanybody who wnts to immigrate and is n't rich is bad , i believe the eu should addapt a more open approach and kick those people out who do n't prove to be an addition to society . 
  you need a passport or a official id to cross borders leagaly , also you need for almost anything official an goverment issued id . 
  but would n't they kicked out of alot treaties . 
  you could also add maria theresia the first and only female emporor of the austrian empire . 
  she managed to keep her own against almost all the other empires who percived her to be weak ... 
  it is half a year , also you can choose to do 9 months of civil service  you should n't choose your citizennship just because what you get/have to do now , but where your `` heart '' is and for the long-term . 
   ` less-developed legal systems ' in this case meaning countries with less neoliberal governance . 
  or countries in which the one who pays the most wins ... 
  somebody probably guessed his password , he got hacked in that way . 
  approved, 
  just less fucks are apreciated , if you edit your comment i will reapprove it . 
  please stay calm , we all know that this is a contentius topic but there is no need to insult the ** person ** you are arguing with . 
  probablly not , due to it not really having an infulence on the decision who will be made a mod . 
  amen , there were many wars started in the name of christianity . 
  and i tought more fucks would n't be possible , please town down your language . 
  but it was a decision in accord to the agreements the country signed , so ... 
  so you mean we would be idiots if we would add him  . 
  could you explain why , except political leanings , what would make him a bad moderator ? 
  you mean the european court of justice where they would loose ? 
  i would ammend it that bacon in austria is normally even thinner . 
  not really , it is only a quallified mayority , however germany tries to avoid to annoy the other states a lot . 
  source for your 20 % ? 
  actually about 60 % are refugees because there is also war going in a couple other countries in africa , they are just not much in the media tho . 
  well , more than 50 % are from countries where there is war and i do n't think that the main goal of economic migrants is to seek welfare , rather to find a job and a good life here . 
  i think ti would fall under doxing : /, 
  we made this step more to find out if we missed anything about the mods after the drama last time we added a mod who , well had an interesting history . 
  should , but it often ends up in a things i like upvote .
