how does that change what merkel is saying ? 
  i 'm pretty anti-feminist , but i wholeheartedly support what they did here . 
  this is the type of feminism i will gladly get behind . 
   i thoguht your claim was that 100 % of the assult rapes were done by immigrants ? 
  well , technically , the claim is not mine . 
  i 'm citing an official statistic published by the norwegian police . 
  i understand that you 're taking the apologist stance , but then perhaps you do n't know what it 's like to live here . 
  in the summers of 2012 , and 2013 especially , oslo suffered what was called a `` rape-wave '' . 
  it got to a point where police were forced to deploy a large amount additional forces , particularly in the weekends , and the city council had to illuminate large areas that were otherwise dark at night to combat the assaults . 
  the extreme majority , if not all of these rapes , were committed by foreigners . 
  there is also the anecdotal route , which i can personally vouch for , where i know several women who have fallen victim to these crimes . 
  if not them , i have friends of friends with similar tales . 
  in every single instance , the rape was committed by a foreigner . 
  if you think i somehow believe that norwegians can not commit these types of crimes , you are wrong . 
  the claim is that foreigners are over-represented , which they are by a milestone . 
  additionally , we are talking are assault rapes . 
  spousal rape , domestic rape and drunken rape is another matter entirely . 
   thanks for your downvote !, 
  never did , but okay . 
  as far as i can remember from the 2014 report ( it might have been 2013 , not sure ) , the police reported that all assault rapes committed had been committed by those with a non-western background . 
  ca n't tell you much about the 2011 statistic . 
  i 'm not sure what you are even trying to prove . 
  the claim is that non-western immigrants are overrepresented in rape statistics , and that claim remains true . 
  same thing in norway . 
  in 2014 , ** 100 % ** of all assault rapes were perpetrated by immigrants . 
  this statistic came directly from the norwegian police , too . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  however , in order to resolve this , we also have to understand how it began . 
  sweden is beginning to suffer the same fate as the us . 
  calls for tolerance , equality and inclusion have tipped the scale into intolerance , inequality and exclusion . 
  sweden is the country in europe which suffers the greatest loss of intellectual integrity due to this new wave of liberal extremism which renders any difficult moral question impossible to answer without being branded a hate-mongering bigot . 
  another result of this is `` equality kindergartens '' , a new phenomenon exclusive to sweden , where children are not allowed to say `` he '' or `` she '' , because it is seen as oppressive and sexist . 
  if you 're a fan of / r/tumblrinaction , save up for a holiday in sweden , because it 's slowly starting to turn into its real life equivalent . 
  then you 're ignoring [ roseng\u00e5rd ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roseng%c3%a5rd ) and other areas , particularly those in malm\u00f6 . 
  the article does blow things out of proportion , but it is not blatantly false . 
  i 'm not swedish , but as a norwegian i can share one perspective . 
  as it is right now , sweden has become somewhat of a laughing stock to other scandinavians . 
  if i had a penny for every time i 've heard * `` well , at least we 're not sweden '' * , i 'd be a rich man . 
  its also important to note that this is a new opinion . 
  while norwegians and swedes have always made fun of each other , it has always been in a brotherly tone . 
  lately , that tone has been more rooted in pity and mockery . 
  from an outsider 's perspective , many of us believe that sweden has been completely consumed by political correctness . 
  the article points out that the media is not allowed to point out any characteristics of suspects that might reveal ethnicity or country of origin . 
  this is not only completely true , but there are also examples of the media deliberately portraying muslim suspects as ethnic swedes . 
  when merely stating something factual about a suspect can be perceived as institutional racism , something is clearly wrong . 
  the sweden democrats , the only party in sweden which questions the current state of immigration in sweden , have literally been attacked in the streets and branded as nazis . 
  while the sweden democrats are clearly not an ideal political party anywhere , the censorship and suppression they have to endure is an indication of a society which is slowly losing its grasp on freedom of speech and freedom of thought . 
  that 's really racist sweden be careful you might get b\u00e4nnade . 
  sure . 
  sure sweden , * that 's * what they 're talking about . 
  enjoy your / r/europe ban !, 
  ** quiet !, 
  7000 hookers and 30.000 grams of high-grade marijuana and you 've got yourself a deal . 
  shh , it 's okay , the americans are sleeping . 
  a transgender , polyamorous , transracial muslim with multiple sclerosis who identifies as male-bodied anime boy . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't claim to know . 
  but i can certainly recognize a terrible idea when i see one . 
  it 's a religious prophecy . 
  they believe that once the world collapses into full-scale religious war , a great battle will take place [ somewhere in iraq or syria , ca n't remember where , ca n't be arsed to google ] . 
  this will then bring on the end of days . 
   when it must be them who are afraid of our reaction and response . 
  who is * them * ? 
  excellent false dichotomy . 
  you get a medal . 
  except that outside of the schoolyard lurk street gangs , waiting for angry youth to recruit . 
  not only that , they happen to be an ethnic gang , and the guy you just punched back is of that ethnicity . 
  in fact , they were really hoping that you 'd punch him , so that not only him , but all of his friends will join . 
  and so you punch , knowing this will happen , and then your neighborhood gets terrorized and you stand there staring at the sky , wondering how life can be this strange . 
  let me also point out just how disastrously flawed your entire analogy is . 
  who are you supposed to ` bloody up ' ? 
  they turk whose been running the shop down the street for the past two decades ? 
  a random taxi driver ? 
  the first ` shitskin ' you see on the street ? 
  or perhaps , since they 're muslim , they must be transcendentally linked through some connected consciousness which makes them all guilty by association . 
  better just punch a random fellow on the street then . 
  that 'll knock the islamism right out of him . 
  that 'll make him head down to his local mosque , where bombs are being produced and terror plans laid out , and go * hm , you know what guys , perhaps this whole terrorism thing was a bit of a mistake * . 
  right , / r/thepioneer99 ? 
  right ? 
  * once you fight back and bloody them up they quit * . 
  yeah , because that ever worked . 
  have you ever picked up a history book ? 
  looked through one ? 
  but sure , go * bloody them up * . 
  go move the isis chess-pieces . 
  be the pawn . 
  so , let 's say we respond with ` force ' . 
  what exactly does that mean ? 
  * we ca n't be a punching bag . 
  * what does that imply ? 
  punching back ? 
  on what ? 
  on who ? 
  that 'll certainly go over well in this day and age . 
  or perhaps you 're talking about deportations ; mass deportations . 
  what do you think will be the result of that ? 
  do you think every foreigner is going to go * oh well , we enjoyed the fish and chips while it lasted * and just leave ? 
  isis ' entire agenda , their long term strategy , is to create a cataclysmic divide between ethnic europeans and muslims , to the point where europe breaks into large scale civil war . 
  this is not some speculation ; you can find this easily in their manifestos .
