  i understand you may be worried about migrants , but if he actually cared about creating policy and governing he would have at least tried to prove he 's open to consider co-operating with other parties to make it happen , like everyone else does . 
  even if those are your leanings you 'd be better off voting for vnl , who are basically what pvv could be if their leader actually gave a shit about accomplishing his goals . 
  the point / u/quantumquack0 was trying to make was correct in the sense that if you 've done actual research into what the parties want and understand how our politics work , there is no logical reason you should , under any circumstance , end up at pvv . 
  their party platform is one sheet of paper , 300 words long and yet half of it violates four different clauses of our constitution , most of it is phrased in ridiculous ways like ` cut all funding for windmills etc. ', 
  without defining what ` etc ' means , and it ends with a ` financial explanation ' with so many falsehoods i do n't even know where to start . 
  i do n't think that these elections will lead to the netherlands leaving the eu . 
  the only way to claim a mandate for that is through a binding referendum , which we do n't have . 
  passing a law to make that happen is unlikely since vvd and cda strongly oppose it , i recall reading pvda and gl changed their minds after the ukraine referendum nonsense and d66 would only vote yes on it if the bill explicitly states that referenda can only be held for domestic issues . 
  i love how / r/the _ wilders is almost empty with half the content there being english-language anti-eu videos and breitbart articles that are crossposted across all the donald clones , while / r/the _ klaver is full of friendly dutch people with hoge duurzame energie, 
  that will probably be more of a problem for sp , since they 've never been in government before and this might be their first opportunity . 
  refusing to play ball might cost them their shot at gettng there . 
  d66 have a lot more certainty of being included since vvd will also need them in another option . 
  he 's the most likely person to adopt pvv-voters and he 's clearly aware of it by the looks of his performance in the debate last night . 
  two months is considered fast here . 
  this is a lot worse than it usually is though , would n't rule out 6 months passing by . 
  i do n't know if this was intentional , but between sap and klaver there was another one : bram van ojik . 
  but yeah both of them were n't very memorable . 
  even though most people distrust rutte on this ( last night i heard 77 % ) i think he means it . 
  his closing statement on the debate last night only reinforced that , he said something along the lines of that it would legitimize the bizarre campaign pvv are running . 
  i agree that a party that just screams accusations and points out problems without proposing viable solutions is pointless , especially when there are alternatives like vnl who actually have proposed solutions . 
  aside from his supposed principles on this , do n't forget that his first government ( and the first-ever government with a vvd pm ) resigned because of the pvv dropping out , and i doubt he 'll want to go down in the history books as the guy who made that mistake twice . 
  polls indicate that a majority of likely vvd voters absolutely do not want them to work with pvv so that will cause some problems as well . 
  finally , if pvv ends up as the biggest party the only way for rutte to stay in office is by excluding them and leading his own negotiations . 
  in the previous election ( 2012 ) the final race was turning out to be between vvd and pvda , who convinced a lot of voters for other parties to ` tactically ` vote for either of them to prevent the other from ending up in government . 
  this narrative was of course heavily promoted by both parties . 
  they ended up having a majority with the two of them , and formed a coalition together , to everyone 's annoyance . 
  pvda clearly got the shorter end of the stick in that deal , as you can see from their polling numbers . 
  i think this distribution clearly shows that people are n't falling for that again , even though vvd are trying quite hard to frame themselves as the only hope we have to stop pvv . 
  nobody is falling for that the other way around though , since pvv is so different from the other parties nobody would begrudgingly vote them to stop the relatively stable vvd . 
  as for coalitions , there are n't too many options that have a majority and are feasible . 
  vvd , cda and d66 are usually quite stable in their collaborations so i think they 're all aiming for a coalition with the three of them and possibly gl . 
  that 's the only four-way coalition i could see happening , although gl and vvd are very different on economic issues and cda is a lot more conservative on social issues than d66 and gl . 
  it would be a very middle-of-the-road government with little radical changes . 
  another possibility that sp keeps bringing up is a centre-left coalition with cda-pvda-d66-gl-sp . 
  seems very unlikely since cda will prefer the other option and vvd probably gets the first move in coalitions . 
  for those wondering about the source , the website i linked to was made by a political scientist who aggregates the results of six other polls ( i&o research , kantar , ipsos , and three dutch ones ) which he considers statistically sound . 
  this year his website was used by one of the tv channels that set up the debates to determine who had enough support to participate , so it is n't just some hobby website , it 's considered more reliable than the individual polls . 
  for most people the entire contest is a meme trophy . 
  well that 's all real swell but besides the muslim thing there 's also still a country to run with ministries and such which he has zero plans for . 
  rutte was on 3fm this morning and said it again , both vvd and he himself will not work with pvv . 
  the more often he says it the bigger hit his credibility will take if he reneges on it . 
  polls indicate a majority of likely vvd voters do n't want anything to do with pvv as well . 
  i think that vvd should at least discuss formation with pvv . 
  wilders builds his following on being anti-establishent and having vvd ignore them completely only reinforces that . 
  vvd should meet with pvv and when negotiations will eventually fail , then just speak out about how pvv refuse to meet them halfway and are impossible to work with . 
  which they absolutely will be . 
  by doing this , you 'll show pvv-voters that yes , their vote was heard , but their party is just too incompatible and wilders is impossible to work with . 
  he 's a far-right anti-muslim politician who 's mother is from a muslim-majority country ( indonesia ) and has [ naturally brown hair and eyes ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=geert+wilders+vroeger&amp;rlz=1c1skpc_ennl336nl336&amp;tbm=isch&amp;imgil=6sxmooxlyyajgm%253a%253bopyzpwysgslxtm%253bhttps%25253a%25252f%25252fdeverwardeman.wordpress.com%25252f2010%25252f03%25252f25%25252fgeert-wilders-was-de-neger-van-venlo%25252f&amp;source=iu&amp;pf=m&amp;fir=6sxmooxlyyajgm%253a%252copyzpwysgslxtm%252c_&amp;usg=__ss_9iez54hpezdorvirljulwrgo%3d&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=920&amp;ved=0ahukewjk1vklprbsahwdnrokhbz7dreqyjcinq&amp;ei=sko3wmq1j4o7arz3t4gb#imgrc=6sxmooxlyyajgm: ) . 
  he wears his [ hair straightened and dyed blonde and has blue contact lenzes ] ( https://jeffreyzwiers.files.wordpress.com/2015/09/geert-wilders.jpg ) . 
  so yeah make of it what you will . 
  do they also all dye their hair blonde and wear blue contact lenses or is that just our guy ? 
  the amount of damage he could do in a year is spectacular . 
  he wants to defund public broadcasting , science , culture and climate subsidies , and completely ban islam . 
  not just travel bans , he 'd close all mosques and send police to people 's houses to take away their qurans ( like that would work when people have internet ) . 
  we 'd instantly jump to the top of the isis most hated countries list . 
  edit : i misread your comment , without a majority youre right he would n't be able to do anything like this but when i look at trump and his executive orders i 'm still not feeling so comfortable . 
  most of the prominent pvv plans are not only wildly different than most other parties ' plans , but they also have never displayed a shred of willingness to cooperate . 
  how are you going to find a middle ground between ` leaving the eu ' and ` not leaving the eu ' , or between our constitution and ` complete ban on anything related to islam ' . 
  pvv has no clear positions besides no eu , zero money to public broadcasting/green energy/culture/etc . , and no muslims . 
  i have no idea if they support it , since their party program is approximately 200 words long and half of that concerns outlawing islam . 
  i do n't think they do though . 
  this year marks the first campaign where every single party , including the ultra-christian minor party sgp , no longer oppose gay marriage . 
  oddly enough they do still support the death penalty , as the only party afaik . 
  double of what he ended up with last time , although he was polling a lot higher, 
  his campaign tactic for this year seems to be full trump mode . 
  explicity vague plans with no intention of clarifying anything past sending the police to people 's homes to take away their qurans and leaving the eu . 
  i love how the stupid non-binding ukraine referendum disaster and brexit made most bigger parties that were in favour of a binding referendum reconsider their stances . 
  gl and pvda dropped it from their program and d66 changed it to only apply to non-international issues . 
  their dumb referendum victory has made the netherlands leaving eu less likely . 
  i kinda like asscher as a politician but he 's a terrible leader at this moment for pvda . 
  not louis van gaal ? 
  i think i saw something in an album post a while ago on this sub . 
  of all european countries in it the netherlands rated them the lowest , something like 8 %, 
  in the end you 'll need a candidate in the runoff that can beat her . 
  i know little about french politics but i 'd assume an independent centrist like macron has better odds at generating turnout among centrist/left voters than fillon would have had ? 
  i was afraid that fillon vs. 
  le pen would be another hillary vs. trump situation with terrible turnout because people like neither . 
  in berlin you can basically start and end at whatever time you feel like tbh, 
  well , in dutch we 've always been calling it tsjechi\u00eb , so i 'll just keep calling it that, 
  same here in the netherlands , with wilders being a half-indonesian guy with blonde painted hair and blue contact lenses . 
  mate how the fuck was she responsible for farage and boris slapping made-up numbers about the nhs on every bus and lorry in the country, 
  based on policies , sure , but i doubt trump cares about the differences between them more than he cares about getting schooled in meetings by a woman who is clearly a lot more intelligent than he is . 
  mate the amount of people that have been given the mmr vaccination by doctors all over the world to this date is high enough to have a clear scope of all the possible side-effects and complications it might cause . 
  the larger the sample population the more accurate the results are . 
  this goes for all scientists , and few of them have such a large sample population and such a thorough education as those in medicine . 
  if there are any observable risks that can be proven to make a vaccination like this undesirable i think we would 've known by now . 
  by all means , if anyone would step forward with scientific proof that vaccinations actually carry serious ` risks ' i 'd think they would be nominated for a nobel prize . 
  so you 're a big schultz fan i take it ? 
  no , that title goes to [ this ] ( https://www.ah.nl.kpnis.nl/static/gall/img_294428_gall_500.png ), 
  yeah i like him so far as well but this is the type of thing only a self-obsessed asshole would say, 
  you could make an exception for lgbt people fleeing morocco , but apart from that i agree . 
  my school had both for some reason, 
  which caliphate ? 
  the one whose capital is currently under siege from three sides ? 
  here in the netherlands it 's the exact opposite of what you 're hypothesizing . 
  our centre-right pm is unmarried , wilders has no desire to have children , and our new alt-right spokesman lavender boy is probably too busy jacking himself off to his reflection in his piano to bother with any of that stuff meanwhile the guys on the left and center are all happily married with multiple kids . 
  uhm ... 
  i think it 's sort of similar to ` dorky ' , but more or less intentionally and not caring about it . 
  willfully ignorant of your own small-town or unfashionable behavior or appearance . 
  the dutch equivalent of ` hillbilly ' is ` heikneuter ' , with hei referring to countryside .
