they 're also counterclockwise as opposed to the norm here in the northern hemisphere, 
  i like all exchange we do with denmark . 
  thanks for dolberg btw, 
  exactly . 
  another factor in play was that their leader in 2012 , diederik samson , was more of a ` leader-type ' : he was a former greenpeace activist and a solid debater . 
  usually the leader of the other coalition party would 've become vice-pm , but instead pvda left him out of the cabinet and chose asscher as their vice-pm , who at the time was a city councilman in amsterdam . 
  his relative lack of a strong character may have given the impression that pvda were n't negotiating as hard as they could 've as well . 
  negotiations will be tough , and i think pvda , gl and d66 will be firm on climate proposals . 
  i voted d66 and considered gl heavily , and i 'd be fine with handing over the justice ministry to dijkhoff for four more years ( for example ) if that means we could be more progressive on climate/energy in return . 
  their 2012 election results were inflated because a lot of voters of other parties on the left voted for them in the hopes they 'd become the biggest and form a left-wing coalition , instead of one with vvd . 
  vvd won and made a coalition with pvda , which was exactly what those voters did n't want . 
  most younger voters on the left flocked to gl who have a young , popular leader , the minorities ( traditionally a pvda-group ) broke away and formed denk , and loads of others spread out among the rest . 
  pvda 's leader is competent in governing but not exactly an inspiring campaigner , and they have n't been able to bounce back . 
  the general political climate has also caused for more people to vote a bit more to the right . 
  the ongoing recession called for some harsh budget cuts . 
  the negotiations took weeks , and halfway through he gave up and walked out . 
  the budget cuts were so necessary that the other government parties had to immediately restart negotiations with other parties while calling for new elections . 
  not a holiday but voting booths are literally everywhere and they 're open from 7.30 to 21.00 . 
  voting for someone else is also really easy , so there 's nothing really holding you back . 
  your first coalition does have a majority in the senate ; vvd 13 , cda 12 , d66 10 and gl 4 = 39/75 . 
  let 's once and for all dispel with this fiction that gert-jan segers did not live in egypt for seven years . 
  dingdingding, 
  you are correct , if i made a mistake i apologize . 
  it 's a statistical model of six polls that are highly rated . 
  this is so far below the belt it would be laughable if the subject matter wasnt this heavy . 
  the srebrenica events are a black page in our history . 
  after this happened our pm resigned . 
  our soldiers were scarred for life . 
  i literally can not imagine a worse insult to them and all of us as a country to suggest this was intentional . 
  voting locations are open until 21.00 so i would n't stay awake for it . 
  usually around 3.00 . 
  holy shit that pvv dive is insane . 
  that 's true , but there 's a lot of pressure on closing down the gas operations right now from the people living there , which may mean we end up closing those down and having to keep running the coal plants for even longer ... 
  spoiler : they ca n't . 
  exactly , but the more fractured that voting bloc is , the less they 'll end up getting done , and a lot of the turkish-ancestry crowd are full on board with denk . 
  we have a very large natural gas resource in groningen ( north part of the country ) , which has been a cheap and profitable venture for a long time . 
  the exvacations there have been causing ( minor ) earthquakes for a while now so people living there really want to move away from that , problem is that with a tiny and densely populated country as this a lot of old people are whining about windmills ruining their view and bullcrap like that . 
  simply put the economic advantages of using the gas resource has made it too expensive by comparison to move away for a long time . 
  baudet is a fantastic alternative for people who feel like pvv does n't pander to the / r/the _ donald crowd enough . 
  it 's been a while since we 've had more than 2 parties in government , but i think that it 's usually the latter as long as they have a sizeable chunk of the seats . 
  if two parties end up at 70 % and they need a third to join in with 6 % more , they 're not getting a v-pm title ( such as in 2007-2010 ) . 
  if it 's more evenly spread , sure , although there will still be a hierarchy to decide which vp will fill in for the pm if he 's ill or something . 
  they 're kind of all over the place , ever since they 've become the biggest in 2010 rutte has made tons of attempts to reach out to people who would never vote vvd by making claims his party later made quite different decisions on . 
  this ranges from things i can somehow see rutte differing on opinion on with his party to blatant indefensible falsehoods like claiming vvd is a great choice if you 're concerned about the climate ( they 've never voted in favour of any legislation on that topic ) . 
  staying in labour would 've done a better service to these constituents as well , by cozying up to erdogan this much they 've alienated voters with backgrounds from other nema countries so much that they 'll have an even harder time helping them become more ` accepted ' or whatever they want . 
  this week a union of moroccan mosques in the netherlands publically told them to piss off because denk tried to pressure them into voting for them and they were n't having that . 
  this is accurate , also people responding pvv in polls usually turn out in lower rates because people with lower interest in politics tend to respond pvv on polls because they have the highest name recognition . 
  that may very well not be the case this time around , but i would give them a nonexistant chance of overperforming the polls outside of the margin of error ( which would be the only possibility for them to end up ahead of vvd ) . 
  the incomprehensible non-campaign he 's been running these past few weeks wo n't do him any favors either . 
  if he ends up getting more than 30 seats i 'll eat my fries with ketchup instead of mayonaise for a year . 
  there 's just no way he 'll overcome double of the margin of error within the coming 24 hrs . 
  i 'm voting for them . 
  would be a dream to have pechtold as pm but the way it 's looking now he 'll probably be vice-pm ... 
  i 'll take what i can get . 
  for those wondering about the source , the website i linked to was made by a political scientist who aggregates the results of six other polls ( i&o research , kantar , ipsos , and three dutch ones ) which he considers statistically sound . 
  this year his website was used by one of the tv channels that set up the debates to determine who had enough support to participate , so it is n't just some hobby website , it 's considered more reliable than the individual polls . 
  for more info on how our elections work , check out [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/5z2r8y/politics_in_the_netherlands_eli5/deuw663/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage ) by / u/tonyquark . 
  from that post , info on our parties :  currently , the largest parties in the polls are :  vvd . 
  people 's party for freedom and democracy . 
  conservative ( classical ) liberals ( yes , that 's a thing ) . 
  led by the current prime minister , mark rutte . 
  they want a smaller government , lower taxes and few regulations . 
   cda . 
  christian democratic appeal . 
  led by sybrand buma . 
  somewhat conservative christian-democrats ( although a third of their party is n't really that christian any more apparently ) . 
  the party advocating for traditional dutch values . 
  party for freedom . 
  right wing populists . 
  led by geert wilders . 
  he 's basically a more calculated donald trump . 
  they advocate against immigration and islam . 
  ( sidenote : 6 % of the netherlands is muslim . ), 
  greenleft . 
  led by jesse klaver , a young charismatic leader who likes to compare himself to canada 's justin trudeau . 
  they are progressives who place a lot of value on environmental and social issues . 
  democrats . 
  progressive liberals . 
  led by alexander pechtold . 
  they represent a mixture of socially progressive and economically liberal stances . 
  socialist party . 
  led by emile roemer . 
  the most left-wing party in the netherlands . 
  they position themselves as a party looking out for the little guy and are n't afraid to raise taxes to do so . 
  labour or social democrats . 
  led by lodewijk asscher . 
  traditionally a large left-wing party in the netherlands , but it has suffered some blows in the polls because of their coalition with the right-wing vvd the past years . 
   smaller parties include 50plus , the christianunion , the party for the animals , the reformed political party and others . 
  how does this help pvv ? 
  their main talking point is that rutte handles these type of things too softly , but the government has been quite firm on this issue , from the moment it hit the news . 
  ca n't see what wilders could have done differently . 
  wilders marginalized himself by running the dumbest , most pointless campaign imaginable . 
  possibly inspired by trump , he decided to ` keep it vague on other issues so people will fill in the blanks themselves ' . 
  his entire party platform is literally less than 300 words . 
  to prevent anyone from talking about their policies on anything besides immigrants their strategy has been to just not create any policies on anything else at all . 
  to keep this up he 's been pulling out of every single debate last-minute , citing various nonsensical reasons every time , so that nobody can press him on this . 
  instead he exclusively searches out media that wo n't ask any difficult questions , such as garbage tabloids , in which he talks about his dogs and his family . 
  he exclusively holds campaign events in towns that already majorly support him such as volendam . 
  meanwhile all other parties are searching out relevant media constantly , holding debates , talking about various important issues pvv ignores . 
  wilders stays indoors , tweeting insults at his opponents and antagonizing everyone who wants clarification from him .
