[ `` diplomatic immunity '' ] ( http://www.screeninsults.com/images/lethal-weapon-2-revoked.jpg ), 
  lithuania seems to be unusually small these days . 
  sure , but it 's a questionnaire . 
  you are the one who is supposed to provide information , not the other way around . 
  if that was the case , they might as well have named it a game . 
  in any case , i will direct you to the question about the exceptions to the register , where churches and governmental bodies etc do n't need to register . 
  this questionnaire is n't about those . 
  it 's a cunning little questionnaire ... 
  it 's funny how `` begging the question '' was in the front page of reddit today , as this informal fallacy is what this questionnaire is all about . 
  for example , the first question ( `` do you agree that ethical and transparent lobbying helps policy development ? '' ), 
  implies that lobbying can be ethical and transparent , and if it 's ethical and transparent , policy would be developed , which in turn , would happen either lobbying was ethical and transparent or not . 
  the questionnaire just wants you to say `` yes '' to a question that contains the word `` lobbying '' . 
  edit : clarity, 
  the british empire is in an excruciatingly long process of breaking up and alienating itself . 
  the partial eu membership is a cacophony to that theme . 
  although i 'd love it if britain started wanting to be a member of `` things '' , it seems that it prefers to be a leader in its always shrinking place in the world . 
  that until it reaches rock bottom in obscurity and it decides to , now , humbly rise up again . 
   trolling  deliberately arguing with complete fallacies on forums , comment threads , or message boards to get leets and other users pissed off by the troll 's `` ignorance '', 
  have you ever heard of the holocaust ? 
  it happened in and around germany thirty years later than when this picture was taken . 
  well , this and a couple of world wars ... 
  alrighty then ... 
  are n't imams ottoman priests , then , making the mention of imams redundant ? 
  or , more probably , he just mistyped a word , which is no big deal . 
  would n't you say ? 
  do you mean orthodox priests ? 
  it 's the people 's perception of how corrupt their country is . 
  this is by no means a metric of how corrupt these countries actually are . 
  and if that 's the case , when a bank is having trouble , everyone with more than 100,000 in savings or other portfolios transfer their money to healthier banks , thus driving the bank closer to a default . 
  the banking system is all about trust and in order for it to work , it has to be trustworthy to all people dealing with it . 
  remove the trust and you get what greek banks got . 
  they managed their capital conservatively , but then , the instability , that was caused by public debt , which had nothing to do with them , drove most of the capital that was in banks out of the country and only the people you would consider to be the ones that should be protected will be the ones that will have to deal with haircuts , if that becomes necessary . 
  although you 're right about social justice in the sense that when a capitalistic system fails there 's a chance to redistribute wealth , this should only be an option in actually extreme scenarios . 
  you ca n't have an economic meltdown once every twenty years or so . 
  you will never manage to get things started that way . 
  in your attempt to troll you appear as if you think that each bank has only one client . 
  when a bank `` takes its losses '' , it 's the people who have their lives ' earnings deposited there that lose them . 
  the banking system does n't work in the same way your local grocery shop works . 
  macroeconomics and microeconomics are two completely different ball games . 
  and then mesopotamia , and then africa . 
  unfortunately , we do n't have many chinese here to claim they did it first but were n't in much contact with the west . 
  yay !, 
  i did n't know that !, 
   that few know is from your country , 
  the antikythera mechanism !, 
  see ? 
  i can do it too !, 
  the pap smear test . 
  a greek invention ( george papanikolaou ) saving women 's lives since 1923 . 
  well , for greece not that much . 
  it 's 23 % now , it peaked at 27 % in 2013 ( where youth unemployment was at 50 % ) , but in 2008 it was 8 % . 
  the rate of decrease is still too slow . 
  i feel that in the end there will be an entire generation of greeks wasted . 
  there is at least one flash there , that 's certain . 
  a part of the rim of the window is lit by the sun and it 's white . 
  the objects lit by the flash ( like the other side of the same rim ) which is lit by the flash is dark grey . 
  the sun is the strongest source of light in this image . 
  yet when it comes to the lighting of the jet fighter , the same source of light , which makes the objects inside the plane appear white , makes the nose of the airplane appear grey and the sky , dark blue . 
  that does n't happen with photography . 
  even with sceneries that are uniformly lit by the sun , you 're always struggling to make the sky appear blue , without making the scenery appear too dark . 
  in most cases you end up using physical , dark room or digital filters and/or multiple exposures to achieve this effect . 
  this is n't a scenario where filters would have done the job . 
  multiple exposures is the only scenario that makes sense . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  these exposures might as well have been taken on the spot , a few moments apart . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the jet fighter is n't there . 
  i do n't know if it was . 
  there is a way to produce this picture with the fighter actually being there and the lighting appear as it does , but it ca n't be by having a single exposure . 
  let 's assume that the photographer had all the necessary equipment set up inside the airplane to take the picture , which i think is entirely possible for a publicity photo , he had softboxes , reflectors , flashes etc to set up a strong but soft light to match the luminosity of the sun . 
  in that case , the rim of the window , which is directly lit by the sun , would have been similarly lit as the inside of the plane and would n't appear white . 
  it would have had a grey tone close to that of the rim of the window where it is n't hit by sunlight . 
  my point here is that objects that are lit by the sun appear a lot brighter ( white ) than the rest of the scene , so the lights inside the plane are n't as strong as the sun . 
  if objects lit by the sun appear white ( burnt ) in one place in the picture , they ca n't appear dark grey , like the nose and small wing on the fighter jet , in another place . 
  they are both lit by the same source . 
  that would have been the case even if the window was tinted . 
  the rim of the window and the nose of the fighter should have had similar brightness . 
  yes . 
  that 's my point with the multiple exposures . 
  in hdr you have to take multiple exposures . 
  they are separate shots taken as a series with a small interval between them ( camera in burst mode for the minimum ) , but having worked with hdr , i know that in order for the sky to appear blue in this picture , the rim of the window should have been a lot darker . 
  another issue with hdr photography is that the scene has to be still , because if there are moving objects in your shots like a person ( waving his hand in this case ) or a jet fighter ( presuming , of course , that a tripod was used ) , the hdr process will mess up the final product , because the process ca n't distinguish between objects . 
  it is n't that smart . 
  if on the other hand you take two shots with different exposure settings , i.e. 
  one bright and one dark , you 'd have to edit the picture to add the content of the darker exposure where the window is in the bright one . 
  this appears to be the case here , but once you know that a picture has been edited in photoshop , there 's no one to tell to which extent , like if the fighter was shot from the same angle , or even on the same flight . 
  edit : added '' ( waving his hand in this case ) '', 
  to match the sun , it should have been very strong . 
  the picture is softly lit . 
  there are no hard shadows . 
  i 'm quite positive this is a composite image . 
  i do n't think there is any way a single exposure can show the inside of an airplane and the fighter jet under the sun with the same brightness , even after post-processing . 
  for reference , look at the edge of the window , which is directly lit by the sun . 
  it 's white . 
  how would the sky show up as dark blue in these conditions , or the fighter jet grey ? 
  these have to be from at least two exposures . 
  if the two exposures were taken just a couple of seconds apart , this can be considered as an almost `` real '' image . 
  but i do n't feel this is the case . 
  this , in any case , is a heavily edited image . 
  cool , but this way , eventually , you 'll run out of lebensraum . 
  what are you going to do then ?
