  i 've heard more people calling it * `` bin laden '' * . 
  we all know what it looks like , but it is hard to find it . 
  well , there is more rounding up than down . 
  that 's a small direct effect of adopting euro . 
  then there are few shady sellers , who used the transition to jack up prices 2x-3x , but hopefully competition will solve this . 
  i 'd say the biggest real change is psychological - we see lower numbers on prices and still percieve them as if prices themselves were lower , thus increasing spending . 
  finantically , we were pegged to euro for over a decade and that peg has never moved a cent in that time . 
  thus transition was beneficial and the official statistics show no overall rise in prices from the euro adoption alone . 
  however many people trust their own faulty memories and the hearsay of their friends . 
  looks like that 's the difference . 
  my transfer was in the same terminal i 've arrived to . 
  did you have to switch terminals ? 
  had to transfer in frankfurt and in warsaw . 
  did n't have to go through security at either of them . 
   typical socialdemocrats . 
   how do these people even get elected ? 
   they have been the laughing stock of politically active lithuanian facebook community for 3 years straight now and there 's no sign they intend to stop , as they still have not deleted their facebook accounts . 
  that 's why you have to be very careful with sampling if you want to make predictions . 
  your own fb feed is likely to be an extremely biased sample . 
  you will have many friends and follow pages with similar political views to your own . 
  i guess that many of lsdp voters are n't on fb at all . 
  starting at the smallest denomination also replaces the most worn out banknotes first . 
  on the other hand euro coins offer a lot of freedom on the back . 
  if uk joins the eurozone , all shops in france will be forced to accept coins with uk 's queen/king on them . 
  we 've only switched to euro at the start of this year and practically every shop uses small devices to check every banknote . 
  there were flyers about new $ 20 note in some shops , but i expect a lot of devices without upgrades and clueless cashiers as the new note enters circulation in lithuania . 
   so much so turkey could use him as a power source . 
  [ whatever necessary to cover the energy needs ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2429 ) . 
  [ a lot of people came to see the event . 
  uk : bbc 's sherlock, 
   our eastern european cleaner who has been cleaning our house for 7 years ca n't hold a simple conversation . 
  honestly , i do n't like her for it . 
  why come to a country to settle and not learn the language ? 
  one person i know immigrated to ireland . 
  after a few years there , her english did n't improve , but she started speaking polish quite well . 
  the complexities of life . 
  most people have good and bad traits . 
  people working with polanski likely have a high regard for his talent as a film director , while his history might not seem a large enough issue to them , compared to the advantages . 
   i thought lasers was lithuanian thing in some ways . 
  our laser firms provide some of the equipment for eli . 
  however we were considered too small , for eli to be built here . 
  thus we have to settle for a `` tabletop '' [ naglis ] ( http://apc.mita.lt/open-access-centres/25-naglis-facility-at-vilnius-university-laser-research-center-vu-ltc-naglis-oac ) . 
  looking at the problem , it seems quite similar to a level math exam in lithuania after the 12th and final school year . 
   with their brand new samsung galaxy phones . 
  from left to right : s5 , s4 , s6, 
  the author of the video has mentioned in his podcast that after the release of this video , the publisher ran out of the paper copies of the book . 
   a few people watching some shows hogs a lot of internet . 
  i ca n't play online games when someone else exists . 
  should be partially fixable by more advanced configuration on home router if it supports that . 
  giving top priority to the gaming device , as you send and receive relatively little data to the game server , but you need minimal latency . 
  meanwhile , streaming video is buffered anyway , so as long as it has enough bandwidth , it will work smoothly . 
  it may be too much for a single average user . 
  however , it is very good where several people in the house can use a lot of bandwidth at once without any slowdowns . 
   there putin 's profile in the bottom , it has the following text :     president of russia , after constitutional changes allowed him to run again , 2012-present     it is wrong , there were constitutional changes extending presidential term to 6 from 4 years and that 's it . 
  he was n't allowed to run more than 2 terms in a row , that 's why he used medvedev to hold the seat for him . 
  this is * de jure * correct account of the russian laws about presidency . 
  no need to downvote it , even if you do n't like russian government . 
   changing people 's names on passports and ids only writing them in the official language . 
  of course some foreign names are not represented perfectly , but it is as close as possible , with no unnecessary changes . 
  maybe allowing ** w ** would not be a big problem , but anything else would be messy . 
   iceland too i think was the first one of these as far as i remember . 
   oh god , do n't let rt find out . 
  well , we already had [ a case of vandalism on russian street ] ( http://www.vilnius.lt/kalbos/?p=802&amp;lang=en ) . 
   so you can have german language signs , but not polish ? 
  it is a new thing in vilnius with additional fancy street signs in foreign languages on streets named after foreign places . 
   they are never chinese because they want the movie to be approved by chinese government . 
  and that 's why there are several movies and games with powerful and technologically advanced north korea . 
  red dawn remake was even shot with chinese invaders , changed to north korea in post production . 
   we should guillotine them at the end of their mandat . 
  jokes aside , that 's the reason many dictators try to stay in power forever at all costs . 
  they 've either risen to power in or created an environment , where any new leader will dispose of their predecessor by prison or murder . 
  being sure of a safe and cosy retirement makes it much easier to give up power . 
   my candidate for most uniform word is mama ,  the `` childish '' word for a mother . 
  yeah , * mama * and * papa * seem to be extremely universal all around the world . 
  looks like a mix of lithuanian words with the german love of jamming multiple words into a single monstrocity . 
   i 'd gladly pay the full $ 60 if i did n't have to listen to shitty voiceovers and see broken localized fonts it 's very weird that digital stores do not offer such option . 
  choose between cheap local option and full priced international one . 
  they have all regional and international versions on their servers anyway . 
  fortunately for me , the only regional problem i 've had with origin was origin store 's insistence to show up in french with no language options few years ago . 
   steam sales though do offer a much more reasonable options for videogames . 
  they do , but some publishers act in a very bad manner on steam in baltics . 
  they sell us russian region locked version , lumping us with cis , but asking full $ 50 / $ 60 for the castrated version of the game . 
  sometimes that price even remains that high long after release , while in western europe the price has already been reduced . 
  so in worst case scenario , we have to pay more for the worse version of game on steam . 
  always done in russian as well . 
  sounds like general secretary kaczy\u0144ski of holy people 's republic of poland . 
  - sir , we are under attack of the commonwealth troops under the cover of the fog !, 
  - shoot them in the heads !, 
  - how high is that ? 
  - no idea . 
  [ his short interview in new york ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkmhx7lzs6o ) . 
  also i do n't think that most of people who want incandescent light bulbs back would actually use in rare cases where there still is a real advantage . 
  as incandescent bulb is a purely thermal light source and thus has [ a predictable emission spectrum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black-body_radiation ) . 
  not that critical for lighting in most circumstances , but important in some measurements and colour calibration of imaging devices . 
  in lithuania there was a 6 month period where commercial banks had to exchange old currency to euros . 
  after that it can always be exchanged at our central bank . 
  economy of scale . 
  the trade sanctions are on specific goods and services . 
  this means that trade in areas where it is allowed is still big enough . 
   origin of vokietija is unknown there is a joke that it had meant * vo kiets * ( wow , hard ) , because of the crusader metal armour .
