  impossible in poland , that 's why they escalated it to the european human rights court . 
  if it was possible , they would n't be able to escalate their case . 
  we had some back in the early 90-ies right after independence : 10 , 20 , 50 lithuanian cents . 
  but they were quickly replaced with new coins , with different sizes , made of yellow coloured alloy . 
   and 5c coins should look like the other coins , not that turd color . 
  that 's so true . 
  after the novelty wore off and the coins got dirty quickly , it is the best way to describe 1 , 2 , 5 cents . 
  before euro our `` worthless '' ( 5 lt ct. ~ = 1.45 ct. ) small lithuanian cents had a nice metallic white-gray color . 
  similar here , we went from vytis on all our old coins to vytis on all our euro coins . 
  having copyright to continue after the death of the author is not a problem by itself if the copyright would only hold for a reasonable period of time after the * initial publication * . 
  copyrights that last for life and a fixed long time after the death of an author are absurd . 
  at least publishers do n't try to put you together with [ cis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_of_independent_states ) . 
  it was a bit harder though , we had been stubbornly keeping the peg to euro for 13 years before adopting it . 
   the first place that i ever saw her in that 's almost the case for me . 
  i do n't give much attention to the news i do n't care about . 
  thus i 've heard a little about her before , but never bothered to read further . 
  at least she fits better in this video about fashion , than in the login 2015 conference . 
  i 'd guess a lot of smaller , low-quality universities and colleges as well as a tradition of getting higher education diploma . 
   i understand , you were abusing the cheap rubel before . 
  it the same here , since we do n't need ( we hate it when a game is in dutch ) dutch localized versions . 
  i am not talking about buying games from russia . 
  here is what the situation with some games on steam is : gamer in france ( eu ) pays $ 50 and gets a version without any regional restrictions . 
  we here ( also in eu ) pay same $ 50 , but for some reason get region-restricted russian version . 
  in the worst example of such action from publishers , borderlands 2 was switched to the region restricted version right before release , with no warning for people who had preordered before that . 
  to add insult to the injury it was initially limited to russian language only ( which many young gamers here no longer speak ) and russian/cis servers only . 
  russian translation is often awful , so things were not much better for people who know the language either . 
  after backlash , 2k relented on language issue , but geoblocking remained . 
   with the curent euro-dolar exchange rate , that is no that bad tbh . 
  you must have responded to a wrong comment . 
  there is plenty wrong to ask us to pay the same price the non-restricted version costs , while getting a limited russian version of the game which costs at least 3 times less in russia . 
  some publishers are even worse . 
  they offer region restricted russian version for a full $ 50 price in baltics . 
   although most of it was rubbish they raise the point that in denmark pastors are obligated to give wedding ceremonies for same sex couples . 
  does this mean that a pastor is obligated to perform a religious ceremony if there is a same sex religious couple who want god to know that they are wedded ? 
  forcing a priest to do a religious ceremony which is contrary to his religion is against separation of state and religion . 
  [ church of denmark ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_of_denmark ) is the official state religion . 
  so the separation of state and religion is a card that danish priests are unable to play . 
   was n't the slovakian referendum that they referred to boycotted by most people ? 
  [ it was , only 21.41 % turnout ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovak_same-sex_marriage_referendum,_2015#results ) . 
  it is much easier to argue for some position if you use misleading statistics . 
   not that belarus really serves as a barrier for russia . 
  in worst case scenario - no . 
  however at the moment , lukashenka ( belarussian president ) is not a big fan of events in crimea and donbass . 
   well it borders mainland russia and russia enclave . 
  [ not exactly ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/lithuania-map.png ) . 
  we only border kaliningrad oblast ( russia 's enclave ) . 
  eastern borders are with latvia and belarus , not the russia proper . 
   yup , forcing the use of one language seems , to me as a lithuanian , too similar to another `` union '' that my country was a part of not too long ago . 
  or similar to the way we do things now - state operates in a single language , which everybody must know . 
  which is practical . 
  having a single language for eu level administration would be practical as well . 
  as long as the emigrants do n't drop their citizenship and continue to vote , there is hope . 
  * the forever war * by joe haldeman, 
  i 'd say it 's the similar style of narration , but voices seem different in each video . 
   i like your username        nageln ( third-person singular simple present nagelt , past tense nagelte , past participle genagelt , auxiliary haben )    to nail ( to hammer or drive a nail into something )    to nail ( of a male , to have sexual intercourse with a female ) however , it 's not the meaning . 
  it 's all capitals for a reason . 
  the first 3 letters are the first letters of my name , patronymic , surname . 
  number 3 ( it does not stand for a letter ) is just an accident that stuck . 
  and then lt from country simply because many sites require at least 6 chars in username . 
  of course , it 's not surprising to find that some random combination is an actual word in some language . 
  does n't matter in absolute monarchy . 
  saudi king can ignore those laws any time he wishes . 
  well , considering how determined we were about keeping the exact peg to euro during the last decade , from an economical perspective we had been getting all cons of euro anyway , while missing several advantages . 
  a sizable minority though . 
  also if i understand correctly russian-speaking population is mostly concentrated in r\u012bga and daugavpils ? 
  although there are russian-language schools here , where it is needed by definition . 
  russian, 
  i need three - my native one , the official one and english . 
   this year , there 's a new ` scandal ' . 
  in this video ( portrayed by children ) , a friendly russian asks an arrogant estonian for directions and the latter refuses to use russian in her own country . 
  she suddenly changes attitude when she founds out the russian is a tourist . 
  is there a version with english subtitles ? 
  i tried turning on subtitles and got youtube 's hilarious attempt to recognise estonian as russian . 
  lithuanian president is not lithuanian . 
    his name is dimitry kruschenko and his chief advisor is miko aleska . 
    just in case you did not know , dimitry kruschenko is not a lithuanian name . 
    neither is miko - never heard of anyone called miko in lithuania . 
  you are being too harsh with this point . 
  there are nearly 7 % polish minority and 6 % russian minority in lithuania . 
  there is nothing stopping a member of minority from getting enough popular support to get elected as long as he/she works for the benefit of all citizens ( unlike the current situation ) . 
  also , our laws are quite decent when it comes to names - you do n't have to lithuanise them , only to write them using lithuanian alphabet in passports and official documents ( which is logical ) . 
  the situation is not the most likely , but not too weird either . 
  irl , [ romanian president ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/klaus_iohannis ) is an [ even less likely scenario ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans_of_romania ) from an ethnic perspective . 
  completely agree that * miko * would be weird , * mikas * would sound normal . 
  [ not the first time for weird `` local '' names  . 
  finally , a question format where * good at basketball * is first , instead of * suicidal * or * poor * . 
  have seen this , quite neat . 
  i can understand it well , based of my knowledge of russian . 
   were one-way transparent ( i.e. 
  semitransparent ) only if you do it in an active way ( like in your first post ) . 
  covering the lighthouse with something to block the light from escaping at night . 
  passive mirrors work the same way from both sides . 
  one-way mirrors rely on one side being very bright , while the other is very dark . 
  on the bright side the image of dark side is hidden by a bright reflection . 
  on the dark side you see lots of light from the bright side , while there is not much light to reflect . 
   in lithuania every cashier has a gadget that can detect is it real money or counterfeit . 
  and every banknote bigger than 5 euro will be checked in bigger supermarkets and shops . 
  in many shops they will check every 5 $ note . 
   oh yes , the legendary 500 euro banknote . 
  the loch ness monster of banknotes .
