  he is currently a member of russian duma . 
  judging by british actions during interwar period and how the negotiations between uk , usa and ussr went during the war - i think that the active resistance would have changed little . 
  britain and france supported poland as a big enough buffer against soviet russia , but baltic countries were not considered important enough . 
  as soon as germany invaded ussr , even if any members of baltic resistance had been given save haven in britain , they would have been exchanged for the ussr 's support against germany . 
  however there is another question - how well could have baltic countries defended against soviet invasion if they had tried to resist ? 
  no powerful defensive line , better weather conditions in summer for the motorised units . 
  seems like the choice was between immediate annexation and annexation after a short fight . 
  easy 100 % . 
  kaunas is not a first capital of lithuania no matter how you look at it . 
  if you only take a modern 20th century lithuania , vilnius was the capital at first , it was only taken by poland during war and then kaunas became a temporary capital . 
  if you look at the [ grand duchy of lithuania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_duchy_of_lithuania ) , before vilnius was built as a new capital , trakai and kernave were capitals before it . 
  i have a feeling that some loud supporters of the ideological censorship in the government support it only to keep the attention away from real problems . 
  it is much easier to bash old times than to fix current problems . 
  sorry for my mistake then . 
  some belarusians do n't even need schengen visa to visit vilnius . 
  there exists a treaty between lithuania and belarus allowing those who live in the border zone ( ~ 50 km from border ) to get the permit to visit the places in another country that are within border zone . 
  vilnius is in the border zone , so people with permits can visit it . 
  it 's not . 
  45/45 , easy, 
  maxima is a retail chain from lithuania , not fuel company . 
   apparently we got a word \u017eeltas it means yellowish/blond , but it 's mainly fallen from use.http : / / www.zodynas.lt/terminu-zodynas/zz/zeltas also word ' \u017eeltas ' is related to a lithuanian word geltonas ( yellow ) and to latvian ` dzeltens ' ( yellow ( ? ), 
  in russian yellow is \u0436\u0435\u043b\u0442\u044b\u0439 ( ~ `` zholty '' ) . 
  some words were close between the baltic and slavic language groups . 
  you have n't answered what crisis you had in mind . 
  if 2008 one , i 'd say cd did a decent job - not a miracle , but it could be much worse . 
   superhot cool , the developers are closer than i 've expected . 
   i guess you also believe that the cristian democrats created the crisis and * we 're * at fault for the debt rise , not the social democrats who set up the whole situation in lithuania with mismanagement and populism ? 
  does that * we * mean that you are a member of the cristian democrats ? 
  could you clarify which crisis are you talking about ? 
  in vilnius we had things much simpler - a previous mayor was just corrupt . 
  one of the last things he did was getting city in debt and effectively blackmailing the national government to cover for capital 's debts . 
  the new guy seems better so far , but the threshold has been set very low . 
   well at least he was not the mayor of the capital city , was he ? 
  we got our mayor in bucharest caught with bribe marked money in his possession , now he is under arrest and will be trialed . 
  talinn is the capital of estonia . 
  45 min bus and trolleybus ride to uni and same ride back each day . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  every day , for a few hours each day  how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  almost every time i browse reddit  what country are you normally resident in ? 
  lithuania  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  russian ( native ) , lithuanian ( second native , slightly worse at grammar )  what interests you about europe ? 
  to begin with , i live in europe , in a small country . 
  thus everything happening around leaves its mark . 
  i also want eu to succeed , as it has brought more peace to a historically war-filled continent . 
  on a more basic level , eu wide standardisation has removed a lot of small issues from the everyday life . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  * favourite * : common discussion ground on various topics with people from all over the continent . 
  some interesting stuff to learn about regularly . 
  * least favourite * : trolling , extreme partisanship , irrational fear mongering ( not the actual serious issues ) . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  forums wide moderator on gametrailers.com forums . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i like the idea and the potential of this community and want to help it remain healthy and welcome to others . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i am not hot headed , i usually think before i act and i read before i write . 
   do you have any experience with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i regularly analyse data as part of my physics phd studies and have programming skills necessary to work with data sets . 
  i have never tried to datamine reddit or write bots for it , but i know about their existence . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  immigration is currently a very large topic and a single thread quickly becomes too bloated to follow such large discussion . 
  i think that using multiple tagged threads and a filter system is much better suited for such large multi-faceted discussions . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  sometimes i am just too lazy to do anything productive . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one horse sized duck -- its legs would be too weak to sustain the weight due to surface/volume scaling . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why ** english ** , all of these words are in english . 
   however these all tensions are a part of a greater problem of current lithuanian anti-minority policy , where poles are for example forced to change their surnames to lithuanian . 
  the policy in lithuania is not that strict ( unlike latvia ) . 
  nobody forces people to change their surnames . 
  the only requirement is to write them in lithuanian alphabet . 
  which is a reasonable policy . 
   i am not fighting . 
  vu is best for studies like medicine , languages , law ( hah ) , programming . 
  it has no engineering studies at all though . 
  no , there is only one in vu - telecommunications engineering degree at physics faculty . 
  i guess we 're part of the problem in lithuania . 
  on a bright side there are electronics bins in every medium and large store . 
  unfortunately many people do n't bother and throw everything into the same trash container . 
  well , after 13 years of fixed euro peg , it made sense to get the benefits as well . 
   i would hope they would be able to improve the quality , especially of foreign competitors are locked out of the market . 
  without foreign competitors they have little reason to improve quality , unless elites stop smuggling food for themselves . 
  you 've made a mistake with [ latvia and lithuania ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qhuqida.jpg ) . 
  [ current lithuanian pm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prime_minister_of_lithuania ) is a man , [ current latvian pm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prime_minister_of_latvia ) is a woman . 
  for gaming things can be even more absurd . 
  some companies try to sell russian region locked versions here , but for a full $ 50 price - worst of both worlds . 
  the most extreme case was borderlands 2 , which was initially locked to russian language if you bought it in baltic states . 
   because they are n't inherently but only incidentally unable to reproduce . 
  does n't sound like a good justification either . 
  we do n't forbid old women to marry after their menopause . 
   actually there is a very simple and very good reason why people of the same sex should not be able to marry each other . 
  they are inherently unable to reproduce and the reason marriage exists as a state-aided institution is to promote families and population growth . 
  but this logic is n't used . 
  nobody stops infertile heterosexual couples from marrying even if they ca n't reproduce . 
  still in hot first page on r/europe, 
  that 's why you take a ferry south to the safe land of the cheap alcohol ... 
   it may be a eu country but its still poland . 
  the most catholic slavic country , homophobic ... its impossible to win something like this .
