  i must confess that i do n't understand this mentality at all . 
  a nation is ultimately best served when there 's predictability in politics and the economy rather than any sort of excitement . 
  to some people anybody that does n't fantasize about destroying the union is `` left wing '' . 
  but the afd has pretty much gone to pieces over the same period ? 
  the `` rise of the far-right '' narrative just does n't hold water in germany . 
  they 're individual employees , not representatives of their government . 
  i do n't see why they should be punished . 
  well in simplest terms the eu would be the world 's largest economy and military ; there 's obviously much more to it than that but there 's plenty of discussion of federalism on this sub already and somebody more local would be better able to discuss the benefits than i. 
   european solidarity corps participants could be selected and invited to join a wide range of projects , such as helping to prevent natural disasters or rebuild afterwards , assisting in centres for asylum seekers , or addressing different social issues in communities . 
  i do n't see the issue here . 
  it sounds pretty similar to the us [ peace corps ] ( https://www.peacecorps.gov/ ) and [ americorp ] ( https://www.nationalservice.gov/programs/americorps ) . 
  the work has to be done and if there 's willing young people that want to make an impact why not try to channel that ? 
  yeah there 's no interest on either side right now ( and yes i do know that there 's an opposition in turkey but they are n't exactly in a great position at the moment ) . 
  not really ; economic integration had support during the early cold war because european economic self-sufficiency was desirable at the time . 
  but from a purely geopolitical perspective a united eu is not good for us interests ; as things are right now the us is the most powerful member of nato , and individual eu states have relatively little political and economic leverage when dealing with the united states . 
  but an eu superstate would be better able to deal with america on an even standing ; or even dictate it 's own terms . 
  i 'd be interested to see where france would be on this graph . 
  the [ oecd ] ( https://data.oecd.org/lprdty/unit-labour-costs.htm ) data is n't terribly helpful in my opinion . 
  you probably should n't bother . 
  `` culture '' is basically a nazi dog whistle ; it sounds better than `` racial demographics '' . 
  like the german spd with agenda 2010 the results likely will not be immediately apparent , at least not in a huge way , but will be clear a few years down the line ; one just has to hope that french voters keep their heads in the meantime . 
  they should n't ; in my reading he did n't sugarcoat anything . 
  he was honest enough to tell people not to expect miracles , told factory workers he could n't guarantee every single one of their jobs . 
  i think he was quite open about his program . 
  hopefully the implementation goes smoothly and france sees benefit . 
  as it was bound to once his government began implementing necessary reforms ; the fact that his popularity remains above 50 % is actually quite surprising in my mind . 
  containment is the word of the day in my book . 
  would 've been smaller if people saw the threat for what it was in the beginning , rather than allowing it to grow unchecked . 
  downvoted for inconvenient facts , it seems . 
  thriving , in fact . 
  the hodeli and chilindrishvili families have my utmost sympathy . 
  like shinzo abe 's gold-plated golf club ; i 'm sure he 'll show favoritism towards whatever world leader offer him the nicest present . 
  macron knows how to play the game , same as the saudis and japanese , trump 's easy to manipulate , just have to stroke his ego and give him some trinkets . 
  tremble before the power of the radical center !, 
  the pre-munich border with germany actually was quite defensible ; and are n't the slovakian border regions fairly rugged ? 
  probably they could have defended against an attack from the east or the west , but certainly would have been overstretched if forced to defend from more than one direction at a time . 
  it 's probably more to do with it being the very first thing he said and then turning to macron and jabbering on about it some more . 
  god , just how much money are they wasting on this campaign ? 
  i mean , what is even the point of the campaign ? 
  what do they hope to get people to do ? 
  in the past turkey has proven quite capable of coup-ing itself , although that dynamic may have changed after last summer . 
  i 've also seen it suggested that apartheid south africa was involved , and that the cia may have at least been aware , though the last part is difficult to verify , and would n't seem to fit jfk 's general foreign policy tilt . 
  an all-round class act , that dag . 
  i hope that one day we 'll learn definitively who ordered his death ; there are , of course , some obvious suspects though . 
  anarchists , making anarchy . 
  i 'm not saying they 're great or anything but calling them fascist is simply nonsensical . 
  words have definitions . 
  a couple dozen in this video ? 
  a few hundred at the largest events ? 
  it 's nothing that has n't been done before . 
  the normal stuff . 
  arrest them . 
  you do n't need anything else you just need cops at this spot . 
  gunning down crowds of people in the street is not how first world countries respond to crime . 
  yeah , just look at how popular their president for life is . 
  are they instituting a rigid system of state control over society ? 
  why are all of you idiots so thoroughly convinced that lethal force is the only possible response to crime ? 
  he should move here !, 
  / r/europe was plastered with videos of police using water cannons yesterday . 
  it 's not like they are n't doing their jobs . 
   no shields or batons well that 's just untrue , and [ here 's photographic evidence ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/video_previews/b/x/bxbxr0yje6twaowiourncyqw3c64y9h-large.jpg ) from [ yesterday ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/07/06/german-police-fire-water-cannon-g20-demonstration/ ) . 
  alright take it easy there bud . 
  not executing every asshole who breaks a law is a sizable part of what separates the first world from the rest of it . 
  a lot of cops probably tied down around the main g20 events . 
  `` we did it !, 
  we defeated capitalism ! '', 
  it makes sense for them , they 're densely populated , cities and provinces have small mountains of borrowed money to throw around , and people actually use them . 
  part of the reason it 's a mess here in baltimore , although the lightrail is great if you want to get to dc cheaply . 
  no arms and no funds to authoritarian regimes , in my opinion . 
  if it 's something like `` we know that isis has set up shop in this village in the sinai '' then sure , that 's something we ought to pass along , but ultimately western powers should be using a carrot-and-stick approach , with both hard and soft power , to promote good behavior and observance of international law . 
  or just maybe outside the reddit bubble people do n't base all political decisions on migration ? 
  crimes in living memory has more hitting power than ones from the past generation . 
  well most economists do n't consider the labor force participation rate to be a very reliable indicator , since it also includes retired people , who make up an increasingly large segment of the population . 
  but you are certainly right that economic growth is not equally distributed . 
  to be fair , it has benefited the majority ( people from urban and suburban areas ) but that rural regions have ( rather naturally , from an economic perspective ) stagnated . 
  more effort needs to be dedicated to solving that problem , but unfortunately it does n't appear that any is being or will be taken over the near-term . 
  i do n't think we should go and knock dictators down left and right , as you say that 's a recipe for chaos . 
  but i also do n't think we should expend energy keeping them in power , because that also will lead to more trouble in the long run . 
  when there 's an organic revolutionary movement in opposition to dictatorship , we should back that . 
  we should also use our soft power to promote the necessary prerequisites for a democratic society , by promoting education and development , and helping to develop cross-national ties . 
  i 'm also curious about the impact of sanctions , and how practical their use is . 
  we 've sanctioned cuba for decades with no appreciable result ; we did the same with myanmar . 
  but when the other south asian countries decided to open up to burma the military government folded in a few years , in part because people saw how much better life was in those other places . 
  at the very least we all benefit from opening our institutions of higher learning to people from troubled parts of the world , it generally makes them more amenable to our way of looking at the world . 
  depends . 
  you can usually find a few whenever anything yugoslav gets to the frontpage . 
  typically more on / r/mapporn or / r/historyporn though . 
   ready to ~ ~ remove kebab / s ~ ~ downvote pro-genocide creeps . 
  kinda surprised an actual network would put someone out there ; i feel like usually they let amateurs do stuff like this and borrow the film later . 
  this is n't a new phenomena at all . 
  these sort of international meeting always attract this kind of response . 
   you guys would vote against charles martel is a medieval tyrant really a great model for the modern age ? 
  the problem is that the us as a whole is doing well economically , but that performance is regional . 
  the economy is growing and unemployment is down , but not in the places where trump supporters live . 
  economics is only part of the story though . 
  yeah sure , by electing a rich new yorker who 's surrounded himself with members of his family and who 's using his position to benefit his business interests , while [ hiring over 100 lobbyists ] ( https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/06/21/president-donald-trump-lobbyists-hired/416749001/ ) for government positions . 
  [ his own staff have registered as lobbyists ] ( http://www.salon.com/2017/05/03/in-spite-of-trumps-lobbying-ban-transition-staffers-are-now-registering-as-lobbyists/ ) . 
  yeah , nice job people . 
  consider that swamp drained . 
  i do n't know how else to phrase this .
