  i guess you could call me a bit of a europhile , a lot of my family are fairly recent immigrants , and i still have family across the atlantic so there 's that . 
  i am admittedly somewhat enamored with europe as a whole though , in a cultural sense , but also even politically , because despite all the issues you guys have it 's generally pretty refreshing compared to american politics , but i 'm sure that 's just an outsider 's bias . 
  i can also see different views here than what i would see or hear from an american , and that 's interesting to me . 
  i guess i also just like knowing what goes on in the world , and it 's interesting reading here as you guys have a more personal take on things . 
  finally , as a globalist i find the eu to be very fascinating ; a sort of ` grand experiment ' if you will , and i 'm very fascinating in seeing how the ` european project ' progresses . 
  maybe one day i 'll move to europe , who knows ? 
  the ambassador is the representative of russia in that country ; if they 're speaking in an official capacity , then they are speaking for russia . 
  well , during a un session they said that the troops in east ukraine were probably lithuanians , so ... 
  where in the name of hell did you get that from ? 
  do you think i support the things my country has done ? 
  do you think i want to send kids over to the middle east so they can bomb some villages and then get themselves massacred for the sake of the oil companies ? 
  of course not . 
  but that does n't mean i think my country should just lie down and allow thugs like putin try to do the same thing . 
  if i had it my way , we 'd have no wars and need no armies , but that 's not how it is , and appeasement simply wo n't work in cases like this . 
  so no , no country should be going around invading others , but that does n't mean they can afford to be completely defenseless . 
  i agree , though whatever war you might have in mind would probably be a lot quicker , and a lot worse ... 
  but it 's not really `` more '' militarism , it 's just a united european military force , and given that the past trouble 's you 're referring to were mostly you guys butting heads with each other , i do n't see the problem . 
  i was almost sure he would ride a bear during the pursuit . 
  if that 's your stance , then why are n't you concerned about the polish army shooting poles ? 
  there 's already plenty of multinational battle groups in europe . 
  just look at eurocorps for example . 
  this is n't really a problem , you would find that the majority of troops in most european armies know at least english . 
  edit : if you want to downvote me for an opinion , fine , that 's one thing , but this is simply a statement of fact . 
  come on . 
  nothing really ? 
  i mean , i do n't understand where everyone 's getting the idea that this would lead to more violence . 
  it 's not like european countries do n't already have armies . 
  the nation state is an obsolete idea anyway ; multilateralism and eventual union is the clear path forward . 
  why would having a single european army increase the possibility of war ? 
  `` a day will come when all nations on our continent will form a european brotherhood ... a day will come when we shall see ... the united states of america and the united states of europe face to face , reaching out for each other across the seas . '', 
  - victor hugo i 'm with you . 
  `` we can never sufficiently emphasise that the six community countries are the forerunners of a broader , united europe ... '' - jean monnet , 1978 . 
  before subscribing to / r/europe i had no idea how many people had viewpoints like this . 
  it worries me , how these people seem to be struggling to maintain this very sheltered illusion of unshakable peace and security . 
  god help them if there 's ever any real trouble facing them . 
  greece ? 
  well , we 're screwed . 
  spanish ... but i had to pick mandarin . 
  of all the languages , i chose the one that 's only used in the repressive autocracy ... 
  germany has n't taken a `` fierce stance '' on anything in this conflict . 
  that 's why we 're having problems . 
  all merkel managed was a ceasefire which lasted for perhaps 8 to 10 minutes before the russians to debaltseve . 
  over the short-term , perhaps . 
  how can you let us beat you when it comes to net neutrality ? 
  how !? 
  where am i going to go when they try to knock it down again over here ? 
  canada 's no longer an option . 
  seriously , europe 's working-age population peaked at 308 million in 2012 , and is projected to decline to 265 million by 2060 , and that 's assuming that more than a million young people immigrate to europe every year . 
  same deal here . 
  and really , how maturely do we expect grade school students to handle something like this ? 
  i agree that no one should be subject to religious rules whatsoever , but there 's just no reason for this . 
  it wo n't add anything to the educational environment , it 's just jabbing at people 's beliefs for the simple reason that they can . 
  nobody wants a war , but there truly is some power in deterrent value . 
  more importantly , those with half a brain realize that none of this would really matter in the context of an actual , large-scale interstate conflict , since we 'd all be wiped off the map in a few hours anyway . 
  nice try fascist scum , prepare to have your oppressed russian minorities liberated . 
  actually i thought we were all doing just fine without communist witch hunts , but i guess i 'm not as close to the action as the rest of you . 
   she says bernie sanders and socialism is the obvious next step for the us . 
  pick one . 
  but seriously , you should check out / r/socialism sanders is like the anti-christ over there . 
  eh , i 'm just an outsider , but it seems to me that if you guys ever want to have any power to stand up to russia or the us , you 're gon na have to pull together . 
  i also think that the migrant and financial crises have revealed some extensive flaws in the status quo . 
  these issues are simply to great to be handled by individual nation states , especially in a region as fragmented as europe . 
  the proposal for a unified european border force seemed quite reasonable to me . 
  but that 's just my opinion , or course . 
  yeah , we generally have this really positive perspective on mandela , while the african national congress carried out bombings and the like back in the day . 
  it 's a very good example . 
  no , that response was far too coherent to have come from him . 
   and no , the eu is ( thankfully ) not a federation like the us . 
  not yet , anyway . 
  the more i see and hear about turkey these days , the better i think it is that you guys are n't in the eu . 
  not necessary , chemical weapons are already outlawed . 
  from the way it was stated here that seems rather implied , even though it does n't seem like that should be the case in my mind . 
  i suppose that it would depend on the terms of the suit . 
  benefit from a defensive umbrella and international security guarantees from the world 's wealthiest and most powerful nations when you 're a small country in a region with a history of armed conflict ? 
  awesome !, 
  i 'll jump in ; and i 'll also jump on top of any xenophobes who try to derail it ; you should ignore any of them , for your part . 
  i 'm sorry , could you make that more unhinged and incoherent ? 
  leftist pig ? 
  that does n't make much sense . 
  most of them would have done the same here if it was remotely possible . 
  yep , instead the russian money goes mostly to the right-wingers , but i guess he 'd want to prop up both fringes if he can . 
  globalism is the most nebulous term being tossed around on reddit right now . 
  it 's just used by backwards xenophobes for anyone who does n't want to return the world to medieval times . 
  she 's an effective and influential leader of a country which is significant in european affairs . 
  you 're being hyperbolic . 
  true , but it still puts pressure on the government . 
  we saw this happen in iran , it forced them to negotiate . 
  for any country that is not north korea , sanctions will eventually break their back . 
  it 's actually become less of one since neither the us nor russia can seem to control their `` allies '' . 
  no need to put dictator in quotes there really . 
  well i mean if they start throwing shit then yes , it probably is a crime , just like this . 
  the `` decisive '' vote that less than 40 % of people voted in ? 
  yeah 200 years is probably not a realistic time frame , but within the next millennia if we make it that long i 'd wager . 
  i simply think that in a few centuries there will have been so much intermixing that race and ethnicity wo n't really have any meaning anymore . 
  the article is the opposite of the ethnic hatred being peddled in these comments . 
  ethnicity wo n't even be a concept in two centuries . 
  this thread is getting stormfronted hard . 
  they do nazi salutes , they pledge allegience to hitler , and they advocate ethnic cleansing . 
  but thank you for confirming that these are just `` nationalists '' . 
  confirms what everybody already knew about people on this site that use that label .
