  except that the refugees are now living in absolute squalor and the camps have become humanitarian crisis areas ? 
  what he 's saying is hyperbole ; but the camps are humanitarian crisis zones at the moment . 
  an imperfect solution , to put things lightly . 
  i appreciate the globalist sentiment tossed in at the end there ; but for there to be any real international healing then nations need to own up to their histories . 
  my country has recognized it 's crimes against native americans and enslaved people . 
  some of us even recognize the damage done by us imperialism . 
  germany has taken responsibility for the crimes of the nazis . 
  the list goes on ; all countries need to recognize and take responsibility for past crimes , and apathy on the part of citizens does nothing to help . 
  i think it 's sad that history itself is constantly being twisted by political elements for their own gain . 
  it seems almost sacrilegious , in a way . 
  politicians maybe , but not most americans . 
  despite the stereotype , we really do n't take complete credit for winning wwii ( in europe , anyway ) . 
  that being said , i do n't think most people would be able to tell you to much about the war . 
  or who was on which side . 
  europe is actually cruising towards a [ demographic crisis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ageing_of_europe ) like the one japan is beginning to face with regards to the working age population . 
  i do n't know , i would n't be shocked if we were disseminating some information to various newspapers or activists , but i do n't see any reason to suspect that this is what happened in this case . 
   in fact , do n't they control the senate currently ? 
  yes they do . 
  as for the tea party , it is a faction of the republican party ; but they tend to see the ` mainstream ' republicans as ` not conservative enough ' ( which is a frankly terrifying concept ) and so in areas with a substantial tea party voting base , they tend to just undercut other republican candidates , leaving the seat to the democrats . 
  i knew about the senator , but i did n't know about the progressive party until i looked it up . 
  til . 
  cool !, 
  road quality really varies from state to state ; sometimes even depends on what county you 're in . 
  it 's pretty hilarious sometimes actually ; if i 'm driving north and cross the state line into pennsylvania i immediately start getting rattled around by all the potholes in their roadways . 
  i doubt that i 'm going to be wealthy enough to be in the first wave of immortals , but a cool thought none the less . 
  i know you were n't . 
  i do n't know necessarily why i said what i did , it 's just what came to mind in the context . 
  i 'm not so vain as to think that boy scouts are uniquely american ( though the handbook would have you think that ) i was just pointing out the irony that i saw in the example . 
  nationalism , patriotism , i do n't care what you call it , it is toxic . 
  it breeds hate , it breeds stupid , senseless pride , and it breeds conflict . 
  we 'd all be better off without it . 
  there 's nothing good that 's come from flags or borders . 
  i thought the philippines was basically the vatican 's pacific waterfront anyway , so nothing new here really . 
   makes russia look like a boyscout . 
  boy scouts of america had an anti-gay policy in place until january of last year , preventing some scouts from earning the highest rank if their leaders had a problem with it . 
  where i 'm from most people would ; though it is true that missourians fought for both sides ( as did residents of my own state ; maryland ) but missouri was principally aligned with the south , up until the later years of the war . 
  actually , in the us media i 've typically seen populist used to refer to more conservative eurosceptic parties like ukip , rather than the greeks . 
  i 'm not sure if the word favors either side ; it might be that there was once a ` populist ' movement in the us ; it was mostly an anti-immigrant , isolationist farmers ' party though . 
  multilateralism everywhere excites me . 
  asean has been extremely successful in southeast asia , the african union is a burgeoning organization . 
  one day i 'm sure we will have a number of regional or continental unions , and one day a global government . 
  it 's a same i wo n't be around to see it though . 
  most people consider missouri to be a southern state . 
  at the very least , it possesses the same attitudes , for the most part . 
  you are correct as for the others , though i do n't see how they 're relevant . 
  actually , that sounds a lot like my perception of the us as well : first we elected bush twice , who had a very bad image with me , after that we elected obama , who had a very good image with me , and then the nsa spied on me , which is a bit bad for the relationship of citizens and government . 
  so i guess it all makes sense . 
  i 'd say you 're right there , but i just did n't think it was the most apt analogy . 
  knew a guy in high school that fits that description . 
  he said that evolution made sense , but that he did n't think it applied to people . 
  it hurt . 
  we need to cage people like that , and not let them go to other countries . 
  guys , how are you letting this happen ? 
  lesser evil , huh ? 
  nice to see we 're moving up in the world . 
  both of these are tossed around , but neither is the case . 
  neither entity can expand of it 's own will . 
  they can only grow if the people living in those countries want to join them . 
  it was ukraine 's desire to join the eu that sparked the trouble , not the eu 's desire to incorporate ukraine . 
  any modern war on the scale you 're describing would not be like wwii . 
  it would be a brief , high-intensity conflict that ends in nuclear annihilation , which is n't particularly good for anybody . 
  no , trade would cease , because nuclear weapons have a nasty little tendency to flatten whatever city that trade was going to . 
  uh , he 's not wrong about iran . 
  in 1953 we knocked down their democratic government and set the shah up , it 's pretty straight forward . 
  the british did n't have much to do with it , since their embassy got shut down right before they could launch their operation . 
  though , to be fair , it was their idea . 
  that being said , it does n't apply to his argument in any way whatsoever . 
  i obviously would n't know , but i 'd be shocked to see german public opinion be by-and-large anti-american or anything like that . 
  during the russian civil war britain , france , the us and japan all aided the ` white ' forces who were fighting against the red army , and the british royal navy had a detachment in the baltic sea . 
  i personally thought that ` czechpoint ' was very clever . 
  well , seems to be a nice enough parade anyhow . 
  more business for people in the area then ? 
  well , i do n't know if it 's different in italy ; but i 'm pretty sure i 'd have to give up my citizenship to join you guys ' army . 
  so , it might be a bit of a trip . 
  disclaimer : the southeast united states , it 's citizens , it 's history , and it 's racial intolerance are in no way indicative of that of the united states as a whole . 
  void where prohibited , results may vary . 
  side effects may include increased blood pressure , consult your doctor before use ... 
  i can feel it shaking as we speak !, 
  well , i do n't think there 's any worry about that . 
  at the moment there does n't seem to be much of a rush to do anything . 
  given time you have further economic and cultural integration , and things will take care of themselves . 
  people here are talking about this like it will happen next weekend , and it simply wo n't . 
  it 'll be a few decades , sure , but i still bet it 's in my lifetime . 
  but is that untrue ? 
  because it seems like these parties are popping up all the time when it comes to european politics . 
  obviously they have a ore substantial hold in some countries than others , but they 're certainly there . 
  this makes sense ( we only have # 4 and 6 written in our constitution , and we do n't seem to do such a great job with that ) but to be fair , that was n't made entirely clear the way you phrased it before . 
  the only reason that this is true in the ukraine conflict is because of the massive foreign involvement . 
  if it were n't for russia , the ukrainian government could probably have handled the situation in the donbas with relative ease trough simple use of force . 
  the us civil war was different in that the south did not have the explicit backing of any major foreign powers ( though the british and french elites sure wanted that cheap cotton ) and so there was no fear of intervention on the part of the north . 
  eh , maybe it 's not the same for everybody , but for me empire has a bit of a negative connotation to it ... 
  i do n't see any reason not to have both honestly , but in any case , i figure that we 're still some time away from having an eu army . 
  exactly . 
  i 've got more in common with the average frenchman than with the average alabaman , by my reckoning anyway , but we 're still in the same country . 
  `` a day will come when we shall see ... the united states of america and the united states of europe face to face , reaching out for each other across the seas . '', 
  forgive my ignorance , but what is this from ? 
  there 's no reason to expect that stalin would actually have complied ( i 'd personally expect nothing of the sort ) , and what then ? 
  do we bomb moscow ? 
  all they need is a little bit of living space . 
  i just do n't think there was any way short of war to prevent the soviets from doing it .
