  the russians know trump 's doing what he can for them , he 's just under more scrutiny than either side expected back in november . 
  you 're going somewhere because people were being dicks to schoolgirls ? 
  i sometimes wonder if he 'd come along earlier maybe the ussr might have survived ; it just seems that by the late 1980s/early 1990s the economic structure of the country was already in such a state that anyone would have struggled to right the ship . 
  of course , all of this is from an outsider 's perspective , so i ca n't speak with any authority . 
  damn filipinos . 
  it 's all just political theater on the part of the house of saud . 
  everybody 's probably losing a bit of revenue but it 's ultimately meaningless , qatar is never going to cave to their demands and at this point all parties can see that the saudis do n't have enough economic leverage to force them to . 
  they 'll keep it up for a few weeks for domestic audiences and then forget the whole thing . 
  no , forced deportation of entire ethno-religious groups ( which is ethnic cleansing ) is not an acceptable response to anything ever , actually . 
  i think that the number of people who would characterize isis as strategic geniuses is probably pretty small , and mostly centered around northeastern syria . 
  well you ca n't very well tell third-generation citizens who 've committed no crime to pack their bags and leave . 
  you can take action to break up the ghettos and try to force greater interaction and integration , which i know is not easy , but seems quite necessary . 
  the idea for isis is basically to incite hatred on all sides and send muslims fleeing back to their arms for protection and then the apocalyptic battle to end all times or whatever begins . 
  why is this getting downvoted ? 
  it 's the only real course of action . 
  that 's definitely not true, 
  it means that the entire adriatic coast is now in nato hands which is good for security across the mediterranean region . 
  two is the loneliest number ... well , i guess duterte kinda makes three . 
  help . 
  ideally no crime should go unpunished . 
  in this day and age we * need * an actual `` world police '' force , instead we have ad hoc groups of nation-states pursuing their own narrow interests . 
  broken system . 
  if preventing another genocidal killing spree in the balkans is considered bad then yes , nato must be awful . 
  tremble before the power of the radical center !, 
  seriously though europe 's liberals should all be taking cues from macron now . 
  yeah maybe mishandled is more what i was thinking, 
  and it looks like we 're getting option # 1 !, 
  i 'm getting ready to do just that its not such a big deal honestly . 
  this generation is pretty much rootless anyway , i have more in common with the average european than the average southerner . 
  you might be thinking of dewey v. truman in the 1950s , whicj produced the famous photo of a victorious harry truman holding up a newspaper with the headline `` dewey wins '' . 
  indeed , i remain convinced it was all staged . 
  hey , just imagine a list that ranked countries for strength and stability . 
  and the chinese are mining them - imo there 's plenty of room to criticize the invasion of iraq , but i think that the intervention in afghanistan was a pretty honest , if misguided , effort . 
  i do n't see any reason to believe that ; if the eu collapsed defense forces would simply be reorganized . 
  the post-soviet states have armies , czechia and slovakia both have armies , the former yugoslav states all have armies . 
  a fatty melon ? 
  tweeting about it in a way that will undercut him further when it actually gets to court because he 's a fool . 
  will russia invite a country to join their international alliance ? 
  oh , of course not . 
  when it 's possible to peacefully act to prevent conflict and instability then that 's desirable : there are economic benefits and it prevents large-scale conflict , refugee movement , etc etc, 
  even belarus is only at 50 % , what 's up with that ? 
  do they not trust anyone ? 
  probably easier to do if the tories did n't go after police funding . 
  if the economy was n't doing well they 'd simply insist that it was . 
  they could be up to their necks in water and insist there was a drought if that 's what trump said on twitter . 
  i 've got duolingo too , nice little app . 
  my county library also offers rosetta stone software for free . 
  a good friend of mine also recommended [ news in slow ] ( https://www.newsinslowfrench.com/ ) to practice listening and pick up some vocabulary . 
  our current leadership does n't respond to maturity or reason so why bother ? 
  [ pence : ` for some reason ' climate change is a key issue for the left ] ( http://thehill.com/policy/energy-environment/336070-pence-for-some-reason-climate-change-is-a-key-issue-for-the-left ), 
  * majoritarian screeching *, 
  but really not much , i have a lot of work to do . 
  i would . 
  i mean , not like i 'm eager , but if us and the russians decided to pull the trigger and end the world i 'd sign up and do my little bit . 
  who would 've thought that actively avoiding any public engagement and trying to run a campaign based solely on personality rather than discussing real issues would backfire ? 
  political science and international relations through a dual ba program with columbia university in new york . 
  focus on human rights and security . 
  couple years at each school and i finish with two degrees . 
  wow what are the odds ? 
  what 's your area of focus ? 
  it has more to do with joining syria and nicaragua as the only countries not to be part of this agreement . 
  and nicaragua only sat out because they said it did n't go far enough . 
  this is an international display of backwardness . 
  sciences po in reims ; luckily i can take most everything in english there . 
  still going to do my best to learn french though . 
  wow , nice to have so many options, 
  that was actually january 20th . 
  but yes , here 's another milestone of my nation 's regression . 
  kind of a sad thing to think about , that last bit , but i 'm glad that you 're happy where you 're at !, 
  good to know !, 
  i 'm actually going to study , it 's not just me jumping ship haha . 
  but who knows , i 'll be over there a few years , if something good comes up for me why should i come back ? 
  merci !, 
  eh , a little over half of the populace is more sympathetic to europe than trump at this point . 
  but it 's not like this administration has ever worried about what the public thinks anyway . 
  step ahead of you , i did my visa interview yesterday . 
  how utterly predictable . 
  no , but it 's just more of making the point that i 'm on the side with the environmentally and economically sound solutions and he 's on the side of ignorance and self-delusion . 
  we could 've let the south secede and our national iq would have jumped by at least 30 points , but then slavery in the western hemisphere would have probably continued into the 1890s and the bible belt would be a country , so ... 
  did you know that solar power now employs over 4 times as many workers as the coal industry ? 
  and that the difference in price per megawatt hour between coal and solar has dropped to just ten dollars and is continuing to decline ? 
  except we do n't . 
  you could stay and witness us become a developing country again . 
  intends to remove , it has n't happened yet anyway . 
  not very kind to himself unless he 's got a pile of money stashed away someplace . 
  lol national review, 
  low-income rural people are pretty much screwed in every category by this administration 's proposals but at this point people supporting trump are n't really in touch with reality anyway . 
  as long as everybody else sticks to it ( as they seem willing to do ) then we 're not in bad shape . 
  then we 'll probably be back on board once our current mess is sorted out . 
  i think they mean social democrats in general . 
  i guess i 'm thinking mostly about the constitutional referendum in italy last fall , or the dutch referendum on ukraine and the eu . 
  referendums always devolve into `` do you like the prime minister ? 
  yes/no '' rather than being serious and issue-based . 
  yep . 
  this poll tries to account for each constituency . 
  `` all over again '' ? 
  you say that as if he ever stopped being popular . 
  he has n't . 
  nor will he . 
  a lot of german cars are assembled in the us anyway .
