  that 's very true as well . 
  i know the cia is spooky , but there are things that happen in the world without western intervention . 
  there was a genuine armed movement against gaddafi , just as there was against assad , and it 's not difficult to find arms in that part of the world . 
  more likely the civil war simply would have dragged on for multiple years creating greater regional instability . 
  from my understanding they basically sold bush on it by misrepresenting the whole thing . 
  i mean it was still the wrong decision to make , but he made it while being assured that everything would be fine , we 'd be in-and-out in no time , we do n't need to mobilize the army reserve , etc. 
  does it sound better in greek ? 
  a normal person avoids playing with grenades for fear of the shrapnel . 
  in any case it 's a ridiculous argument , conditions in this country have been steadily improving for years , except when it comes to gun violence and the drug problem , which the gop certainly is n't going to do anything about anyway . 
  the people who voted for him would do it again in a heartbeat . 
  they 're willfully blind to anything that does n't fit their narrative , in their minds he 's the greatest leader this country 's ever had , even though he 's accomplished practically nothing , and republican policies are/will be disastrous for their low-income rural voter base , who will apparently support them no matter the cost . 
  ultimately rural whites have indicated that they will vote for the most xenophobic candidate in a field regardless of the personal economic costs . 
  absolutely different yes ; fine gael is the governing party , they 're mainstream center-right christian democrats . 
  sort of like how in shakespeare 's day `` amazing '' was generally negative , but not so much today . 
  that 's one of the ones that made me think this is anti-eu but like others have said , i really ca n't tell . 
  five guys when that 's an option . 
  bit of a step up from wendy 's imo . 
  i do n't think that 's true anymore . 
  divergence in language occurs chiefly due to geographic separation , am i wrong ? 
  in the modern world , communication is now instantaneous across practically unlimited distances . 
  agreed , the world would be a better place if we all understood each other better , whether that 's in english , dutch , french or tagalog . 
  i 'm sure that monolingualism is inevitable , i just wonder how many generations away it is . 
  that would make sense if trump had ever shown any commitment to the transatlantic alliance . 
  but instead `` friends with russia '' was the only foreign policy vision that he ever put forward . 
  i just do n't understand * why * he 's complaining about it though , justified or otherwise . 
  it 's not like he 'd spend less on the military if germany spent more , he spent the entire campaign claiming that the us military was struggling and underfunded , promising to shovel billions more unnecessary dollars into the military-industrial complex . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/dec/12/crimean-tatars-accuse-russia-of-kidnappings-and-political-arrests https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/28/russian-authorities-imprisoning-crimean-tatars-in-psychiatric-hospitals https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/20/opinion/russia-is-trying-to-wipe-out-crimeas-tatars.html?_r=0 http://aa.com.tr/en/europe/putin-following-stalin-in-treatment-of-crimean-tatars/821160 http://unpo.org/article/20061 a brief sampling , you 'll find more if you search on this sub . 
  tatars are now though . 
  that 's a very russia centric view of the world . 
  while i know that russians fail to understand that countries can have interests independent of the kremlin , countries join nato of their own free will , and they do it because they fear russia . 
  and for good reason , because here in the civilized world , we consider sending troops and tanks into a neighboring country and seizing territory to be a hostile military act . 
  russia invaded a european state . 
  the closest cold war equivalent would be stalin 's crackdown in hungary back in the 1950s , but even that was n't full-scale war as seen in east ukraine . 
  eh , it seemed inevitable not long ago , but assad 's forces have stalled out again recently . 
  while it 's perfectly likely that the saa will defeat the al qaeda backed opposition it 's questionable as to whether they 'll be able to retake the northern section of the country , held by the sdf , ypg , and turkish-backed militias . 
  but your analysis is likely correct , by and large . 
  same reason i believe we should have hit syria after the first sarin attacks . 
  no , things would not be good , but they would be better . 
  it would have shortened the war , saved lives , undercut the expansion of isis and reduced refugee outflow . 
  i 'll admit that i 'm biased , but republican voters do play follow the leader more than democrats . 
  you 'd have to look for the polls but there 's one where 20 % of republicans approved of obama launching airstrikes in syria while 80 % approved of trump doing the same . 
  incredibly frustrating . 
  well things have n't exactly taken a big step forward since then either . 
  and frankly putin 's russia is behaving more aggressively in europe than the ussr did , in many ways . 
  as far as foreign policy goes you 're mostly correct , it 's all of our environmental , healthcare and welfare laws that are really suffering . 
  while the us may not have liked those parties , did the us actually do anything about the situation ? 
  it seems to me like the 2001 financial crisis did more to end the dsp government than any foreign interference . 
   the other point of the article is valuable , too . 
  immigrants integrate when they feel like they have a stake in society . 
  this can be encouraged by lowering the barriers to property and business ownership . 
  this also makes sense because most poor immigrants profit from entrepreneurship . 
  if you 're in a bad economic spot the possible upward gain of opening a business is larger than the downward risk of failing ( you 're already at the bottom of the ladder ) , which explains why immigrants tend to be keen on doing so . 
  poor people profit from uncertainty . 
  this is something often overlooked which parts of the us actually manage to do quite well . 
  detroit , for instance , has become synonymous with the idea of decay , and the population of that city and the state of michigan declined somewhat over the previous years . 
  one of the objectives of michigan 's governor is to restore the state 's population to 10 million , and that means that he 's very pro-immigration , despite the fact that he 's a republican . 
  part of that is the fact that immigrants are more likely to start businesses . 
  there 's an excellent [ article ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21717104-recently-bankrupt-city-needs-newcomers-how-immigrants-are-helping-detroits-recovery ) on the topic in * the economist * . 
  europe does n't get to dictate who runs turkey , from 2002 onward the akp legitimately won elections , and from 2015 onwards it has fraudulently won elections . 
  but in any case what could be done ? 
  until very recently erdogan had a clear popular mandate . 
  the sdf holds the entire northeastern quarter of the country and will be taking raqqa soon . 
  they 've actually voted in favor of statehood before but since it would be a democratic stronghold the consetvatives do n't want to grant statehood . 
  i agree with your interpretation completely , and i think that 's the way most civics teachers here would explain it as well . 
  pretty split from what i 've seen here ; apparently the right wing of the republicans are very much opposed , and the lr ministers that macron chose were apparently expelled from the party . 
  idiocy , really . 
  one would imagine most republican moderates would agree broadly with macron 's program . 
  is n't that simply a case of housing costs rising rather than income dropping ? 
   without it humanity would not survive either . 
  i doubt that . 
  luckily we grow out of all things . 
  probably all a strategy so that next time marine campaigns she can say `` look at how totally not-fascist my movement is ; all the real fascists are voting for jean marie le pen , and you can ignore the fact that my closest aids have connections to leon degrelle , the nazi ss , and the terrorist group that tried to kill de gaulle . '', 
  i mean he 's probably pissed off putin at this point too . 
  it 's not like they 're doing this instead of doing other things ... 
  they do n't because everybody 's still in nato , this is just posturing , and it does n't go any farther than that . 
  fascists gon na fash . 
  no , parliament still shifts between brussels and strasbourg . 
  this is incredibly hypocritical . 
  `` culture '' has nothing to do with anything . 
  it does n't matter what part of the second or third world people are coming from , story will always be the same . 
  referendums are objectively the worst way to handle significant policy changes though ; they always become a referendum on the current government rather than a referendum on the issue at hand . 
  but did n't the unionists also lose their majority in the northern irish elections ? 
  so essentially it has more to do with conditions in nrw than with germany as a whole ? 
  is it really inconceivable that people might not be happy about a government plan to demolish their homes ? 
  does everything have to be a shadowy jewish conspiracy to you people ? 
   `` lol guys political repression and violence is great '', 
  and kfc . 
  eh , it 's mostly americans from the the_donald from the looks of it . 
  huh , i really like that . 
  i 'm getting ready to study over there . 
  i apologize in advance . 
  even * the economist * was calling her out on this . 
  she 's avoiding the press like a plague and seems willing to do anything except discuss actual issues and plans . 
  the tories want this entire election to be a personality contest between may and corbyn , with as little substance as possible . 
  but certainly not what he claimed to stand for . 
  hollande made promises that he either could n't or did n't intend to keep , to the workers and the unions especially . 
  that all sounds pretty agreeable ; doubt it will make a difference at this point though . 
  yeah , america is in for a wild ride over the next few weeks . 
  eh , everybody gets giant ears in a caricature . 
  i think they seem a lot like the german fdp , and probably fairly similar to the british libdems .
