  his flair is hungarian ; i 'm guessing he 's less than thrilled about [ 1956 ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_oiahqmtg-du/s9_oqxwughi/aaaaaaaaekc/gtq4dkawzis/s1600/revolution-hungary-1956-soviet-invasion-illustrated-history-pictures-images-photos-002.jpg ) . 
  `` alright , lem me just look down the barrel of this assault rifle . '', 
  nato never promised to deny eastern european nations entry , you can check the [ founding act ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_25468.htm ) signed by nato and russia in 1997 if you 'd like . 
  that 's not how that label is employed and we all know that , so let 's forget about technicalities . 
  he 's already stated his intention to troll americans , so do n't bother with him . 
  if you 're going to judge it that way then the natives were just immigrants from siberia . 
  if you 're born in a country , you 're not an immigrant . 
  same here , i 'll have to find it , but there 's actually a study that shows that immigration actually generates a lot of jobs or something like that . 
  edit : this [ article ] ( http://www.nationaljournal.com/congress/left-and-right-agree-immigrants-don-t-take-american-jobs-20130322 ) cites some good sources . 
  yeah , you probably do n't want auschwitz to be high on the list of `` what comes to mind when i hear ` poland ' '' . 
  i live near baltimore , so i can tell you that we 've got our fair share of demonstrations going on over here . 
  i will admit that despite seeing many , many protests in spain and greece and ukraine and elsewhere over the past years , i still never thought any mass movement like that would occur here . 
  ( discounting occupy wall street , which seems to be very long ago already ) . 
  it just seems very hard to believe . 
  the right to peaceful protest is practically seen as sacred here ( people take the constitution quite seriously ) but major social disorder is generally frowned upon , in my experience . 
   do you feel connection with your european ancestry background ? 
  definitely , most people are very proud of their background , tends to be a popular topic of conversation sometimes . 
   i have noticed that regular americans more concerned about celebrity stars lives than about geopolitics , is it true ? 
  varies from person to person , i 'd say that 's correct for a lot of people , not necessarily a majority , but i might not be able to answer that reliably . 
   do you share the opinion americans and russians so similar that are like two sides of the same coin ? 
  i 've never heard an american express this opinion , personally , i do n't know really . 
  i think that there 's a great similarity between the american and russian people ; in their ethics and patriotism , but i do n't see a lot of similarities between their history or systems . 
   what future do you see for europe from american viewpoint ? 
  i think it 's a little up in the air right now , but i personally see ever-closer union in the future . 
  despite it 's problems , from an american perspective the eu has been good to europe , individually those nations economies would never be competitive on the international playing field , and most importantly the eu is seen as having brought an end to war in europe , which is something we 're very happy with on this side of the atlantic . 
  on the one hand the overwhelming majority of the population has no idea what it is and does n't care to find out . 
  on the other hand , it would n't really cause any major changes for us . 
  with an accent picking up girls seems like fishing with hand grenades . 
  it 's not even fair . 
  there are many things i find attractive about europe , i think all round it 's a better lifestyle and system over there . 
  education especially , i know a lot of people that are going to college in germany now since it 's free . 
  ( or at least really cheap for them ) i 'm planning to major in foreign affairs and work for the state department if i can though , and i 'm not sure if i could get that sort of job anywhere over there . 
  i guess if i had to pick a country it would probably be germany , lots of ordnung and my family has roots there . 
  but do n't you guys have a whole palace for culture - * and science * ? 
  it 's true that just about no one in my country would know what that is by the way . 
  i 've got some family in germany that i 've never met , so i 'd feel compelled to head up there , hit frankfurt and hamburg along with berlin . 
  i think most americans would tell you that they want to see london , paris and rome . 
  venice too . 
  i 've heard that vilnius is actually pretty nice , and not too ` touristy ' ; i 'm betting that it 's not too heavily traveled by americans , which would make it more interesting in my opinion . 
  i never realized what a cultural oasis finland really is !, 
  there have pretty much always been at least some blacks in the north ; at least in urban areas that goes back to colonial times ( one of my neighbor 's families was one of the first free black families to own land where i live , back in the 1790s ) . 
  but yeah , immigrants would probably have outnumbered blacks until at least the 1920s , i would think . 
  well , it was more creative than sandstorm . 
  the irish were easily the most hated group in the northeast . 
  more than anybody else ; blacks , chinese , italians , jews , you name it , it seems like . 
  never made much sense to me, 
   a gold sovereign interesting . 
  is is still legal to kill them in the eastern fjords though ? 
  well , when we 're not claiming to be irish , we 're claiming to be scots , so you might be right . 
  when has it been so great when states have been able to resist federal authority ? 
  when alabama closed down their public school system instead of integrating it ? 
  why the downvotes ? 
  wtf seriously . 
  i have mixed feelings . 
  soul find you ? 
  i think we have a winner . 
  agreed , i have a ton of respect for him . 
  i do n't really consider vice 's print articles to be a very refutable source , and their videos obviously are n't free of bias either , but i feel as if they do better than anybody else in the business right now when it comes to showing how things look on the ground . 
  i 'm no expert ; but my assumption is that he knows this , and he 's doing his best to both leverage putin a bit and make his country appear a bit more independent , possibly making them less susceptible to the international fallout over russian actions . 
  well , if you want your protest noticed , i 'd say this is a fairly proven plan . 
  i knew it !, 
  for the moment i 'm going to leave things as they are ; but if it becomes troublesome as we move along i 'll look at handling things differently . 
  with any luck , it wo n't have to be employed often , but it is the internet , of course . 
  seeing as i 've already got what i have setup , i 'm just planning to stick with it . 
  isis has nothing to do with afghanistan . 
  like i said , i opposed the invasion of iraq ; i think it only made things worse . 
  afghanistan is different . 
  the taliban was removed from power , literacy is increasing , there are more opportunities for women . 
  yes , there is corruption and yes , terror remains a threat , but overall the removal of the taliban government was a good thing for afghans . 
  is n't that where we 've been since wwii ended ? 
  people always are saying so anyway , so i 'm not too worried . 
  in any case , i 'd probably die in the first 40 minutes , so it does n't bother me so much . 
   currency unions on a massive scale have collapsed before . 
  like ? 
  i think people should be wary of the country that decided to retain the kgb , but that 's just me . 
  you 're right . 
  got ta show 'em some tough love , make 'em stop whining about starvation so much . 
  humanitarianism had nothing to do with that . 
  it was just another cheap excuse thrown out by the government . 
  if humanitarians had their way ; something would have been done to actually help the country afterwards , instead of just bombing it and allowing it to slide into anarchy . 
  no real effort was made to actually stabilize iraq though . 
  it was almost a purely military operation ; i 'd recommend ` fiasco ' by thomas ricks , it 's very a informative read . 
  in any case , i think this is what the un is for , and that no single nation ( or coalition ) can just barge in and enforce it 's will . 
  i think you 're correct , but it 's also clear that no country can just barge in and set things straight like that . 
  in my opinion , that 's why we have the un , and we need to empower the un and the african union to do whatever is necessary to stabilize the continent . 
  no single nation or group of nations is going to be able to accomplish that it , it 's going to take a global effort . 
  everyone just writing this thinking off as impossible is really bumming me out by the way . 
  yes , everybody in afghanistan was clearly so much better off under the taliban , and they 've seen no benefits from western intervention . 
  come on dude ; i do n't support everything we 've done over there ; in iraq especially , but i do n't think you can just write off afghanistan like that . 
  what the hell is going on with all the brigading with this stuff ? 
  it seems like it 's been all over the past coupe of days . 
  first off ; would you want to live in most african countries ? 
  even in the countries that are reasonably well-off ( and that is relative ) there is public sentiment against migrant labor ; there have been riots in south africa recently because of it . 
  add civil war and terror to the list ; boko haram in nigeria ; the bloody quagmires in the car and south sudan , al-shabab in the east . 
  it 's a mess . 
  then the arab states are incredibly racist also ; about a year ago the saudis forcibly expelled hundreds of migrants from their country . 
  in the rest of the gulf states an african migrant has little better opportunities than what amounts to slave labor in construction . 
  you have to understand why these refugees see europe as their best shot ; and it does n't take much imagination . 
  china does n't want refugees ; and whatever they take end up as migrant ( or slave ; whichever you prefer ) laborers . 
  not to mention that racism is a major problem in china ; africans live in what basically amount to segregated ghettos in chinese cities .
