  delaying the inevitable . 
  and the flow of foreign fighters has all but ceased , at least according to us intelligence . 
  i hardly blame them , nobody wants to join the losing side . 
  their leadership has been thoroughly culled , their manpower and financial resources are a shadow of what they once were , and they 're apparently hurting for weapons as well , they attempted to seize saa depots near palmyra but most of that was destroyed before they could get a hold of it . 
  given that the outcome would be much the same for the people living there i 'd like to imagine so . 
  i sometimes feel that if we 'd hit them in 2013 like obama and the french wanted we would 've been better off . 
  i mean it probably would look a lot like libya does now but it would still be preferable to the last 3 years of fighting and the chemical attacks likely would 've been greatly curbed . 
  traded for the barrel-bombers who are apparently rounding up and executing those very same people of aleppo as suspected collaborators . 
  i 've no love for the rebels in east aleppo but neither do i have any enthusiasm for the ruthless proxy dictatorship that rolled in . 
  i do n't see any reason to celebrate anything . 
  frankly libya is n't as bloody as syria and things are on an upswing ( at least at the present time ) with isis being kicked out of sirte and some of the bigger militias falling in line with the gna ( internationally recognized government ) aleppo has been a singularly bloody event , one precise location that it 's much easier for people to get a grip of , and that 's a big part of the reason for this . 
   if isis wins well that stopped being even a remote possibility about a year ago . 
  jesus christ that 's fucking hilarious . 
  the end is near !, 
  everyone panic !, 
  it 's a conspiracy theory ( which started out as a joke on 4chan ) that this pizza restaurant in washington dc is actually a front for a pedophile child sex smuggling ring led by hillary clinton and bankrolled by ( ( ( soros ) ) ) . 
  there was a subreddit , but then they got banned for making death threats and doxxing people , then yesterday some nutcase showed up at the place with an assault rifle to `` investigate '' and started shooting . 
  but 2/3 of americans say they get the majority of their news from social media iirc . 
  [ he did indeed . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-no-need-full-wall-between-mexico-and-us-due-to-mountains-vicious-rivers-a7454016.html ), 
  none on it 's own , the concern is the possible government reshuffle that could follow . 
  i mean you know `` president park '' so that 's a name at least . 
  high-ranking diplomats should be expected to know things like that though . 
  there 's always more elections , as the nazis on this site are telling themselves right now . 
   america had open borders [ open ] ( http://www.snopes.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/border2.jpg ) [ border ] ( http://newshour-tc.pbs.org/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/11935048113_5db709f79e_b.jpg ) [ huh ] ( http://www.techworm.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/am13-e1452067463599.jpg ) ? 
  anyway trump just announced that no border wall is necessary thanks to our `` vicious rivers '' so i guess that 's settled . 
  well they 're doing pretty great except for the one who voted to leave the european union . 
   the people voted against you right-wing shitheads so far today , and with any luck at all the italians will do the same . 
  0/1 so far , and with a little luck italy makes it 0/2 by the end of the day . 
  she appeals to the angry , senile viewerbase of fox and no one else . 
  not really a big deal , and without the name recognition of tv right-wingers like o'reilly and hannity . 
  it 's mostly media fearmongering . 
  the only thing on tv news when i 'm forced to watch it is trump , isis and local crime . 
  that 's one of the challenges discussing populism in much of the world , it can swing in either direction . 
  shithead trump voter who 's probably never been to europe . 
  or the filipinos . 
  pff , terrorism . 
  i wish terrorism was the biggest problem we were facing - it 'd be a sign that we do n't have any real issues to worry about . 
  seriously , how can we look around at the legitimate economic and social pressures we 're facing as a country , and then worry about terrorist attacks ? 
  i 'm more worried about getting tangled up in my bed sheets and suffocating than being killed in a terrorist attack . 
  god the level of misinformation and fearmongering these days ... 
  hmm . 
  have i heard this story somewhere before ? 
  at this point how much worse can they do ? 
  yeah i ca n't help but feel that all trump has done is end an era ( or at least accelerate the decline ) of american leadership in the world . 
  not to sugarcoat things or claim my country has a spotless record ; but the rest of the world will carry on , and it seems china will be throwing its weight around more , and not just economically . 
  but i also think that in this case people identify the fn with far-right politics , racism , antisemitism , etc. 
  in the us it was easier for the political right to brush those sort of things off , while all of that is very much tied to the fn , its membership , and its history . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , i just think these are all things to consider . 
  in any case , the point stands that anybody is better than sarkozy to run against the fn . 
   just think how they are selling `` being european '' as essentially a nationalist idea . 
  they 're selling it as being a purely racial idea . 
   and seeing what happened in the uk , what happened in the us and what might happen in france four more years of merkel is n't the worst that could happen . 
   afd ? 
  oh , you do n't like right-wing politicians ? 
  might as well vote for the fascists then . 
  well sarkozy would 've been the weakest candidate against the fn , so yes on the whole . 
  god everything about this worldview is so bizarre and terrifying ... 
  indeed , finding no savior forthcoming they 've created an idol to worship . 
  google translate french . 
  yeah , it 's almost all users from the_donald crossing over . 
  there 's a reason there 's almost no french there . 
  let 's see if they scrap the iran deal like he 's promised . 
  if they do then you 'll have your answer . 
  when well-executed the international style can be quite impressive ; the un headquarters in new york for example is quite iconic , but certainly to see older architecture done away with is terrible . 
  does the above comment really seem like someone who 's going to settle down for a thoughtful discussion ? 
  just want to say i appreciate you dishing out truth in this thread , regardless of whether people are willing to accept it . 
  actually were n't the basques there first by most reckoning ? 
  yes on the one hand , alternatively boredom can be quite preferable to too much excitement in your government . 
   demographically the fuck is that supposed to mean ? 
  non-whites ca n't visit europe ? 
  i can understand complaints about overcrowding and rising cost of living , and those are legitimate issues , but demographics has nothing to do with anything . 
  i 'd also say that the ideology and all that probably influences ordinary people less once the bombs start falling ; then they simply want a return to the status quo . 
  `` dispute '' is about the mildest way to describe things . 
  applying was simple enough , but i 'm actually going to an anglophone campus ; i think to attend a normal university you have to prove language proficiency . 
  i also have to take a lot of french courses to graduate . 
  finding an apartment was kind of a pain though , since the university does n't own housing . 
  taiwan number 23 !, 
  anecdotally it really was pretty easy to get a french visa but i 'm going over as a student . 
  actually the supreme court pretty much sorted out the federal-state relationship from the outset ( mcculloch v maryland ) , and seeing as slavery is n't a major issue in the eu these days , i think you 'll be fine . 
  yeah , definitely up there with the bbc for me . 
  agreed , but really the westminster system , or any political system built around fptp voting , is also deeply flawed . 
  a broken ring finger just cost me $ 600 and i did n't even get to ride in an ambulance :(, 
  is there a measure of relative cost of living per country though ? 
  that 's not necessarily true ; poverty in america is not a uniquely urban phenomena and rural whites still represent the largest impoverished group in the united states . 
  the 2010 census revealed that just pver half of america 's impoverished population were non-hispanic whites . 
  although it is worth noting there are regional variations , new england has the nation 's lowest poverty rates , for instance . 
  difficult to comment on crime , though anecdotally there are fewer opportunities for rural crime , and statistically rural crimes go unreported at a high rate . 
  secondly poverty is actually a fairly widespread phenomena , research indicates that more than half of americans will be impoverished at some point between the ages of 25 and 75 . 
  indeed , age may be a more reliable indicator than race , with a reported 1/5 of millenials and 18 % of children classified as impoverished . 
  as machiavelli said , `` one should review all the offenses one must make and do them at a single stroke , so as not to renew them every day . 
  injuries must be done altogether so that , being tasted less , they offend less , and benefits should be done little by little so that they may be tasted better . '', 
  macron is best off getting all the ugliness out of the way as soon as possible . 
  or maybe politics is different around the world ? 
  in the u.s. it 's unusual for a president to have such low approval ; in france it can hit single digits . 
  my bad ; but it 's not exactly secret that 88 is a commonly used identifier among nazis : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/88_ ( number ) #in _ white_nationalism so i then simply assumed the worst with the [ `` star '' ] ( https://www.jewishgiftplace.com/graphics/yellow_star_of_david.jpg ) bit . 
  if i was wrong this time around then my bad , i own that , but one must admit that it 's not uncommon to find these kind of people floating around on the internet . 
   antistar88 i 'm a simple man ; when i see neo-nazi usernames , i downvote . 
   haftar , who does not consider al-sarraj 's a legitimate government and whose intention are not exactly crystal clear . 
  should also be noted he 's the russian and egyptian favorite .
