  the party has `` expressly disavowed '' social democracy according to wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizens_ ( spanish_political_party ), 
  i think that beyond that there 's already a more general western identity which is developing quite rapidly . 
  for a little while i thought i was a leftist , then i ended up talking to leftists , so i 'm very much a social democrat now . 
  ideological purists , of any stripe , are thoroughly infuriating . 
  i think in the sense that it will make eu reform easier it will be beneficial to europe over the long-term . 
  i 'm going to be honest he might be correct . 
  not successful enough evidently . 
  lambsdorff sees the bigger picture here . 
  if the centrist parties ca n't come together to deliver real reform then elections a few years from now will be ugly . 
  `` xi '' is actually xi jinping 's family name , fir future reference . 
  in most asian cultures it goes family name then given name . 
  taiwan . 
  whatever happens i just hope that the mainstream parties see the need for cooperation and reform . 
  but at the same time i do give him credit for calling attention to a lot of issues that ordinary people would n't often know about or pay as much attention to . 
  even if the style is a bit juvenile it 's generally decent information . 
  yeah now he 's just disillusionment and cynicism personified . 
  not without good reason though . 
  he wants stronger european policy on immigration and security ; he says that frontex is inadequate and he wants a true european border guard and coast guard service . 
  he wants this to be tied into a european security council which would be better able to coordinate defense and security across the union . 
  he can generally be considered a social progressive , but economically rather conservative , favoring some liberalization to make the french economy more competitive ( rather like germany 's agenda 2010 at the beginning of the 21st century , if i understand correctly ) . 
  if the far-left and far-right do this well it looks like it will take a sort of em-lr-ps grand coalition to govern . 
  and the majority of americans . 
  in case you missed it the leftists stayed home brcause they hated both . 
  macron is the picture of a centrist . 
  what surge ? 
  they 've lost everywhere so far , have n't they ? 
  austria , the netherlands , now france . 
  in germany the afd is already collapsing and there has n't even been an election . 
  maybe the autumn of 2016 was the high-water mark for the the far-right . 
  people already are sick of trump and brexit . 
  my bet is that they 're going to try to make a french ukip - by changing the name they 'll try to divorce themselves from the fn 's history and image , but they 'll continue to push a populist , anti-european message . 
  i just find europe interesting and i 'm going to university in france . 
  most are here to push an agenda . 
  that 's just a side hobby for me though . 
  yeah but when so many countries are so bad at doing elections it 's impressive in its own way . 
  it 's a cult . 
  moderators actively ban real news sources and delete comments which oppose their narrative . 
  well most of them are twelve . 
  that seems broadly fair to me ; i do n't think there 's really going to be a perfect solution here since there 's so many variables in play and everybody can find a different anecdote or hypothetical , but i think this is pretty fair . 
  after a series of staged terrorist attacks : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_russian_apartment_bombings, 
  i think his pomposity is actually rather legendary ; not to say he was an ineffective leader , but the man seemed quite full of himself . 
  if you ask me i think we 're overdue for a stock market crash - we 've had it to good for too long . 
  it makes me nervous . 
   if they have anything substantial in them ( and they better do ) . 
  honestly i was really skeptical at first but trump and his entourage have acted so extremely guilty about the whole thing that now i do believe that there 's something interesting that we 'll learn from the feds . 
  how is it inaccurate to describe pis as populist ? 
  europatriotism best patriotism . 
  which country steals organs from prisoners and runs over protesters with tanks ? 
  look trump might wish the us was a dictatorship but it is n't , china is one of the most repressive authoritarian states on earth . 
  yeah , internet shit-slinging on.message boards means nothing . 
  large-scale disinformation campaigns are a different story , but memes do n't carry into the real world . 
  this is n't exactly new though , is it ? 
  the communists have always had some presence , and the fn is only really performed a few points better than in 2012 in the first round of elections . 
  why would defenders of law and order do such a thing ? 
  that 's cool . 
  does it change anything in practical terms ? 
  without bothering to translate , i 'd imagine it simply says `` please '' ? 
  yeah , macron has made pro-europeanism a core component of his platform . 
  headline is flat-out wrong . 
  certainly , and they also went on to create the un , eu and nato to defend liberal democracy as well . 
  he 's made some statements recently saying that macron was more fair to greece than many of the other people involved , germans especially . 
  i do n't think he 's a huge fan , but i think he can at least understand him . 
  it 's one reason that i 'm so pleased to see the afd turning itself inside out in germany ; obviously they were never a real threat , but the more infighting there is among those wackos , and the more they show their true nature , the better it is for the rest of us . 
  kinda fucked up to spam that kind of bullshit on a comment about a topic as serious as the holocaust , but i guess the fn never cared much about that sort of thing anyway . 
  uk is looking more and more like china when it comes to the internet , except the chinese do n't care about piracy , to their credit . 
  he 's promised to run candidates in every constituency , but i do n't know that they 've actually got a list of names yet . 
  yeah the last few months have been a reckoning for the socialists . 
  they 'll have to rebuild from the ground up . 
  kadyrov is his lackey , anything that goes on in chechnya is happening with putin 's consent . 
  i think our growing distance from our common history is the source of much trouble in the world . 
  after wwii we knew well the cost of war and nationalism , and a generation that came of age under the threat of another war knew that everything possible had to be done to prevent . 
  nowadays it seems like we 've been too comfortable for too long , we 're forgetting important lessons and we 're allowing echoes of our darkest history to haunt us again . 
  i think in the minds of many wwii was the result of fascist nationalism and the fight against that was in defense of democracy and human rights . 
  i think everyone agrees that a sort of civic nationalism is good , pride in institutions , and in values , like france 's * libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 * , and all that . 
  but confrontational , exclusionary nationalism , nationalism which asserts that one nation is inherently better than all others and that any outside influence is inherently bad , well , that leads to trouble . 
  i do n't know about that , but in any case i do think that some sort of rethinking of our economic model is going to be necessary in the future ; technology will continue to increase output while eliminating jobs , so while our economy will be more than capable of meeting the material needs of the population , it will be incapable of employing a large portion of it . 
  i think most leftist ideology is just as inadequate for dealing with his situation as well since it also is predicated on the fiction of full employment which will be impossible . 
  so we 'll see what the future holds i suppose , it 's a ways off yet . 
  it 's more in line with long-term understanding that increased mechanization will ( in the future , not next week ) greatly reduce global employment in agriculture , manufacturing , transportation , and other economic sectors , resulting in a large and growing unemployable underclass . 
  it 's one theory on how to provide for those people , so that you * do n't * end up with rioting and seizing of the means of production and whatnot . 
   but i 'm not sure if i want to live in that kind of world . 
  i do n't know if we 'll really have a choice to be honest . 
  does n't seem so bad to me though . 
  in any case , it 's quite a ways off yet , even if / r/futurism believes that employment might end any day of the week . 
  i went and voted clinton , not that it matters in maryland . 
  that seems like a difficult statistic to measure though , in any case . 
  and just think of the trillions and trillions of dollars wasted globally on military spending . 
  just imagine what we could have already accomplished if not for nationalism . 
  verhofstadt , among others , called for a european border guard and more resources for frontex . 
  it was national governmemts pursuing narrow , short-term interests who derailed the effort . 
  the eu is not to blame here . 
  democracy should be rule by the majority with protection for the minority . 
  in the us we have tyranny of the minority while the majority is completely ignored !, 
  especially when talking about the us democratic party lol, 
  ( ( ( bank ) ) ) ( / s btw , just because it 's impossible to tell what 's a parody anymore ), 
  `` not fitting my narrative '', 
   nato only exists because people are under the illusion the us would go to war with russia for countries like estonia or poland . 
   it never would . 
  that is absolutely untrue . 
  our commitment to article 5 is as rock solid as any european country .
