  our unemployment rate is 4 % ; during the election trump insisted it was above 40 % . 
  climate change , a hoax in their minds . 
  the us murder rate is the lowest it 's been in more than 3 decades , but jeff sessions goes on camera on a weekly basis to tell the country that our lives are in danger . 
  trump claimed during the election that 600 million immigrants were coming to america ; that 's twice the us population . 
  that 's the entire population of south america . 
  when the congressional budget office warns that the republican healthcare plan would cost more than 20 million american citizens their coverage without lowering prices , tom price goes on tv to tell us that the cbo ca n't be trusted . 
  it goes on and on ; this is just what i can think of * without * doing a google search . 
  and at the same time , immigration , legal and illegal , from the region has been declining since 2007 . 
  in the meantime the us murder rate has fallen to a 33 year low . 
  us manufacturing has been growing for 7 years , unemployment is lower than it was before the recession . 
  the far-right hypes up specific incidents ( `` so and so was raped by guatemalans '' or `` gang violence in chicago '' or `` coal mines are closing in west virginia and liberals do n't care '' ) while ignoring the broader reality . 
  i 'm not defending the way that things have been handled , but we should n't be encouraging authoritarian dictatorship because it inevitably leads to bloodshed . 
  tunisia was the only country that was `` ready '' for the arab spring - that is to say that they had a large enough liberal-secular educated populace to be able to make something out of it ; in egypt and syria this group was the force behind the initial protests , but was either outnumbered ( egypt ) or exterminated ( syria ) ; essentially , they rose up prematurely and were unable to control the political situation . 
   the way these dictatorships work is that if you are opposed to the dictator , regardless of your political persuasion , you are put away . 
  it 's not because the moderates are all locked up that the radicals prevail , it 's because , in the power vacuum that arises after a dictator is weakened or removed , it is generally the extremists who have the will to take control . 
  iran is the way it is because the dictator failed , iraq is the way it is because the dictator failed , and syria is the way it is because the dictator failed . 
  this is exactly true , but the the issue here is that * all dictatorships collapse * , because of the inevitable incompetence , corruption and nepotism that infects these regimes and because people get sick of violent repression . 
  the only government that can provide long-term stability is a secular representative democracy , regardless of what part of the world you 're discussing . 
  the focus of the international community should be on promoting the necessary prerequisites for this , most especially education and economic development . 
  it 's both though . 
  we have to acknowledge that at least 1/3 of the us population is basically living in an alternate reality . 
  yep , and when he 's overthrown by radicals in twenty years because he 's locking up all the moderates now we 'll see how much good it does us . 
  propping up dictators is the shittiest strategy in the world , it 's the epitome of taking short-term benefit over long-term solutions . 
  it 's the reason that iran is the way it is , it 's the reason iraq has been a mess for almost twenty years , it 's the reason syria exploded . 
  but instead of acknowledging that , people have the nerve to whine about how much better things were when saddam and gaddafi were around !, 
  well why do you think he 'd go to poland ? 
   so that 's why the progressivists hate him so much ? 
  because he stands for everything they oppose and opposes everything he stands for . 
  fortunately he 's proven too incompetent to do too much damage , but the sooner he 's gone the better , nonetheless . 
   fivethirtyeight has been wrong so many times , even on his election ... and now we get to the crux of it : when reality does n't suit you people , you ignore it . 
  whether that 's on scientific issues , unemployment statistics , healthcare , crime rates , polling , basic history , the list goes on . 
  i must say it 's truly beyond frustrating . 
  lol you 're delusional , he 's changed nothing . 
  he 's sparked an anti-populist backlash in europe ; [ just look how much support for the far-right has dropped since trump 's election ] ( https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/donald-trump-is-making-europe-liberal-again/ ) . 
  his party is tripping all over itself and riven with internal division while he 's mired in scandal with approval ratings as low as we 've ever seen . 
  it does n't matter what side of the atlantic you 're on , trump is a walking disaster . 
   thank god for trump . 
  for what ? 
  poisoning your ideology in the eyes of the world ? 
  shooting his own party in the foot at every turn ? 
  even if you agree with him it 's impossible to pretend that he 's been effective in any way . 
  yeah , `` boy do i hate brown people '' is just a brilliant basis for policy . 
  i disagree though , he 's the product of decades of right-wing propganda which has led to the existence of two separate realities in the minds of american voters . 
  he 's there because 40 % of the us population has decided facts do n't matter . 
  it 's not any more complicated than that . 
  greece is typically described as such , and parts of south america , but there are n't really that many left-leaning governments in europe . 
  the man was no dope , that 's for sure . 
  yeah , most ancoms do n't have a great outlook on billionaires do they ? 
  also i always have to wonder what they 'd even need the money for . 
  at least chamberlain seemed to have good intentions ... 
   `` everyone who disagrees with me is paid by the jews '', 
  yeah i 'm sure he 's plastering budapest with posters as we speak . 
  honestly i like it except for the weird tower bit sticking off the top . 
  pretty much , their president forever wants to build the jewel of the caspian or something like that . 
  nothing like some dingy brutalist architecture to spice up your skyline . 
  lol it makes me happy to see a wiki page for this . 
   i 'm always very open to any idea , fascism or communism well that 's a lot more fucking open minded then i 'm ever going to be , buddy . 
  in a sociological sense sure , but / u/influenz-a is correct in that there 's not a real biological basis to it . 
  if i got my dna tested it 's perfectly likely that i 'd have more common traits with a guy from nigeria than a guy from norway , even though outwardly we would n't look very similar at all . 
  the longer they waited the weaker their position would have been ; in 1989 hong kong , with just 6 million people , had an economic output that was 20 % of china 's , with a population over 1 billion . 
  this prosperity played a big part in convincing chinese leadership at that time to abide by `` one country , two systems . '', 
  at the same time , china wanted hong kong back , and if the british were n't cooperative then it can be argued that there was little the uk could 've done to stop outright annexation by the prc , and it 's unlikely that the rest of the world would have felt incredibly strongly about it . 
  following that line of thinking , it can be said that the deal hong kong got was better than no deal at all . 
  not if you live in hong kong , i imagine . 
  i do n't think i 'm ignoring anything by not immediately suspecting everyone who looks different of having terrorist sympathies . 
  the winners are the communist party as long as they hold power ; in any authoritarian system the only goal of the state is it 's own perpetuation ( the same goes for russia , venezuela , the congo ( s ) , etc ) . 
  i mean she allowed the vote to occur , knowing full well what the outcome would be . 
  even though it goes against her personal convictions she recognized the will of the majority and allowed that to guide policy . 
  or maybe , like us , people from other countries and backgrounds are individuals who have their own beliefs and tendencies , rather than a monolithic stereotype ? 
  crazy idea i know . 
  yeah , i did n't look at the rest of that channel but the choice of imagery definitely raised some questions for me as well . 
  but the_donald told me that muslims are throwing gay people off the rooftops of stockholm, 
  from this video one would get the impression that the only things europeans value are war and conquest , which i daresay is rather anachronistic . 
  i do n't think there 's any hard exit date for the isaf force in afghanistan , and the situation has certainly deteriorated . 
  i do n't personally have high expectations for this `` surge '' ( which is nothing compared to historical numbers ) but i do n't know what the ideal solution is . 
  that 's some dedication to the fucking art right there is n't it ? 
  or perhaps there is n't some sort of muslim hivemind despite what idiots on reddit constantly insist . 
  `` this goes deeper than we thought !, 
  damn those insidious centrist radicals ! '', 
  righ-wing would be the uk tories , or the bush administration in the us ; what 's going on in hungary , particularly this mass promotion of a ( kinda anti-semitic ) conspiracy theory is another thing entirely . 
  there 's both a german and european funeral for mr. kohl if i understand correctly . 
  doubtful , what the fuck would they even need money for ? 
  they 're just campus groups . 
  oh there 's a few ; friends of orban and pis , enemies of the eu and nato . 
  so are you saying you have a problem with everyone having equal rights ? 
  yeah , because comparing europe to : a. 
  a communist dictatorship and b. 
  an absolute monarchy governed by religious law * definitely * deserves a serious response . 
  yes , because the eu is running people over with tanks , harvesting the organs of prisoners , and chopping off the hands of thieves . 
  this is nothing . 
  i hope that 's true and i wish you guys the best . 
  different political systems ? 
  there 's states in the us still trying to weasel their way out of the 21st century ; the us congress never would 've been able to pass legislation like this , it was only through the intervention of the supreme court that marriage equality became law . 
  people seem to forget just how recently it 's become widely accepted . 
  lots of people opposed gay marriage at one time ; i 'm not saying tat it was right , but it was certainly common . 
  people can change . 
  he 's liable to change his mind at the last minute ; he lacks the stamina for these long trips . 
  complained endlessly of exhaustion during his middle eastern tour . 
  congress is pushing sanctions , white house tried to soften them . 
  missile strike was political theatre , 90 million dollars to smash some empty concrete in syria , damage was repaired 16 hours later , russians knew about it ahead of time , etc etc.
