  if anything it owes to the us 's electoral college system , and that thing is so screwed up that no other country has tried to emulate it , for good reason . 
  why would it ? 
  at least in this case we 're talking about the situation in ukraine , where russia is involved . 
  a lot of whataboutism is n't constrained by geographic region , or international event . 
   what about the un security council ? 
  balance would completely shift , it is not justified that the uk aswell as france hold a seat each if they dont even have the last say over ` their ' military anymore . 
  to be fair , even today i think it makes more sense for a single eu seat on the security council , and then adding india as well . 
  that said , i 'd rather see the p5 done away with completely , but that wo n't happen without some sort of global crisis which precipitates a major restructuring of the un . 
  [ mspainted , for your viewing pleasure ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ni3eahk.png ) . 
  kinda cool looking , but i just use the [ un flag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jpaj1vk.jpg ) myself . 
  you say that as if this was somehow religiously motivated , when that 's simply not the case . 
  you would n't be blaming religion if the crime were perpetrated by a christian . 
  you ca n't really say that this topic has ` nothing ' to do with the us . 
  i have a friend who 's catholic who said something along the lines of : `` they loved the pope , and catholics are supposed to love the pope , but he 's said some things that make me uncomfortable . '', 
  they also did n't like that he was from argentina . 
  like iraq ? 
  like pakistan ? 
  like south vietnam ? 
  like pinochet 's argentina ? 
  oh , i 'm sure we 'll find out one of these days . 
  it could just be that he wants to have a strong position if things head south , or he may be planning to see to it that things do escalate . 
  i personally favor the former , but there 's really no telling . 
  but really , it 's not like the russians can roll all the way to kiev or anything like that ; i really think that they would n't risk pushing things to far out of the current disputed territory . 
  they tried to grab karkhiv and odessa before , but those areas are under pretty sound ua control now . 
  that 's just proof of how nutritious that humanitarian aid really is . 
  nothing to see here . 
  it would have been so badass if you kept the flag with the missing center . 
  ok , wow , just look at the picture in the article ; did they really mess up the building behind them , or is it just me ? 
  looking 30 years down the line , i 'm sort of inclined to think this is one of the only things he 'll be remembered for . 
  isis is going to be forgotten by most people , and no one 's going to give a damn about obamacare . 
  but this , this could land us another vacation spot . 
  it looks like they dragged henri out of his casket to take that photo . 
  we had spanish , french , and chinese . 
  only one chinese teacher though , so not so many chinese students . 
  which turned out to not be a problem , since a lot of people were intimidated by the idea of chinese , as compared to the other two , which at least use an alphabet . 
  i really do n't think this is going to stop them . 
  they 're still going to try to find a way across the med . 
  hell , riding chunks of styrofoam across the the strait of gibraltar , like the cuban refugees even . 
  i do n't know . 
  the point is that the root problem still remains . 
  i understand just how bad these smugglers are , they 're a danger to the migrants , and they are of course criminals , but i do n't think that the kind of campaign envisioned here is the best counter . 
  in any case , a functional libyan state is , in the long-run , highly beneficial to europe and the west , and the longer the current troubles are exacerbated , the worse the clean-up is going to be . 
  bombing more middle eastern and north african nations will not solve your problems . 
  there 's no ` quick fix ' that 's going to work . 
  the only long term solution is going to be a un-mandated force to stabilize libya . 
  yeah , a lot less attractive i know , but just dropping bombs on fishing boats is n't going to fix the problem . 
  all this is going to do is make anyone who does n't already hate the west change their mind , it 's only going to make things worse . 
  i was n't being serious by the way . 
  this is absolutely terrible . 
  i 'm completely opposed to this . 
  oh my god , this dude is making me feel embarrassed about being american . 
  russia will veto , and all the south hemisphere nations in the general assembly will also oppose it . 
  i ca n't believe how much you 're getting downvoted , a lot of what i 'm seeing said here is just sickening . 
  this must be what watching my country decide to attack the middle east is like . 
  just like how all that iraqi oil will totally take care of the cost of the invasion !, 
  yeah , you guys are making all of us on the far side of the pond real proud . 
  the force of law behind you ? 
  the un is never going to back this . 
  russia will move to block it in the security council , and all the southern hemisphere nations in the general assembly will oppose it as well . 
  god i hope that my country stays out of this shit this time , but i 'm not counting on it . 
  you 're right , we did n't invade iraq ; we just stretched out their territorial integrity a bit . 
  english , and i took mandarin chinese in middle school and high school , though learning that is an ongoing process . 
  wow , swedes are n't at the very top ? 
  my preconceptions of europe are failing me . 
  so this guy ... he 's not popular , right ? 
  it 's because the electoral districts here have been gerrymandered to hell and back , so that one party is basically ensured victory almost every time . 
  and because of that , the politicians get more and more radical , because they know they do n't need to appeal to centrists or voters from the other party . 
   or are they just stupid as fuck & gullible ? 
  mostly this ; though a lot of them buy into conspiracy theories and such , fears about `` big pharma '' or how vaccines 'cause autism ' . 
  for a lot of them though the very fact that the government encourages vaccination makes them fearful of it . 
  that 's what they 're like in the us anyway . 
  i 'm really struggling to understand the motive ; `` an albanian state '' ? 
  what 's albania then ? 
  spanish or korean , probably . 
  do n't really no much of either though . 
  but during that time we had roosevelt and the ` good neighbor policy ' ; it 's probably the main reason we did n't invade mexico when they nationalized oil production during the same time period . 
  there was also a timetable for philippine independence set as well ; delayed by japanese invasion . 
  i really do n't think you can criticize the us for imperialism during the fdr presidency ; before and after , sure , but it was a good three terms while he was running the show . 
  too be fair , a lot of people over here also saw that as propaganda . 
  i 'd like to think that it 's normally a bit more discreet . 
  it 's not limited to romania . 
  528 votes for the `` cannabis is safer than alcohol '' party so far ; exciting stuff . 
  if there 's a conservative majority . 
  none , i tend to downvote both . 
  haha , yeah , i should know by now . 
  oh yes , i 'm going to vote for the attack party , because i 'm certain they 'll bring reasonable and well-considered policies to the table . 
  definitely seen a lot of this from their professed supporters on the internet , but i do n't know what that really counts for . 
  i do n't think it 's an official stance of the party though ? 
  i kinda hope so , because otherwise , sheesh . 
  man , fuck those youtube comments seriously . 
  ah , my bad . 
  makes a lot more sense now . 
  nice work . 
  you should drop this over in / r/propagandaposters , they 'd they 'd probably appreciate it . 
  of course , how could i forget that the two go hand in hand ? 
  there 's people who identify ideologically with putin ; or others who are simply anti-western conspiracy theorists . 
  but are they homo-fascists ? 
  maybe singapore , but they 've just about transitioned by now , have n't they ? 
  in america it sure seems like it sometimes . 
  he 's actually dutch .
