  and i 'll be honest ; as an american i see the resulting situation as preferable to a war . 
  were we supposed to drop an atom bomb on moscow ? 
  a war on that scale would have been absolutely disastrous for everyone involved , including the poles . 
  poland had already been ravaged by 6 years of war . 
  how much more of the country would be destroyed if the americans and soviets were fighting over it ? 
  well , they agreed because they did n't really have a choice . 
  they could n't really confront stalin over eastern europe because what bargaining power did they have ? 
  so they were reasonably agreeable , hoping to gain concessions elsewhere . 
  it 's also worth noting the the 4 largest airforces in the world are : 1 . 
  the us air force 2 . 
  the us navy 3 . 
  the russian air force 4 . 
  the us army, 
  at the end of wwii the ussr redrew some boundaries . 
  it took the eastern part of poland , but then gave poland the eastern-most part of germany . 
  the germans living there were resettled in germany , and then the poles whose land was in soviet territory were moved to the land that used to be german . 
  it 's a mess . 
  give me an internet hug bro . 
  our parades are the best . 
  well of course , would you rather support the homosexual nazi establishment ? 
  we need something besides nazis now ... 
   banks will have to raise interest to absurd levels , because many productive people wo n't be able to pay back loans , since they are conscripted . 
  since it 's only 12,000 i doubt it would be anything this severe ; but still , highly inconvenient for anyone involved . 
  surely there 's some government program to re-compensate conscripts . 
  in some other countries does n't an employer have to hold the conscript 's position for them when their term of service ends ? 
  uh ... that 's what we do at parades in the united states . 
  throw candy off of fire engines and stuff . 
  is that just a us thing ? 
  i do n't . 
  that 's a pretty good one ; [ here 's ] ( http://www.tioh.hqda.pentagon.mil/catalog/motto.aspx ) a list of some other mottos from the army . 
  i 'm pretty sure some of the units listed have been deactivated , but some of them are pretty interesting . 
  10th psychological warfare battalion - `` power of persuasion '' 100th infantry battalion - `` remember pearl harbor '' 100th tank battalion - `` behold the thunderbolt '' 1101 signal brigade - `` vital to the nation '' some of them are holdovers from the civil war : 115th military police - `` maryland 's finest '' 116th infantry brigade - `` rally on the virginians '' but the foreign legion 's ` march or die ' is still the top in my book . 
  ( even if it 's sub-official ), 
  i guess part of that 's the difference between a peace time and wartime army . 
  but man , that old one sucked . 
  well , depends on who you ask . 
  seriously though , the answer to that will vary based on ideology . 
  i understand that censorship is bad and all that , but when you 're dealing with stuff like neo-nazis or isis or something like that , you kind of have to draw a line . 
  let 's just be careful tossing around words like ` never ' . 
  not like a think this is at all likely , but there 's certainly members of congress that have no problem with this kind of ideology at all . 
  mouse over his flair . 
  that 's not the only thing that the pirate movement is all about . 
  [ but free music is also cool in my opinion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs8-nnhwlw4 ), 
  obviously , but i try not to worry too much . 
  i hope that if one ever starts i 'm sitting in front of the washington monument in a lawn chair with a cold drink and a pair of aviators on , because i do n't want to be around after that . 
  before 2008 people in the us had a pretty favorable impression of russia too actually , communism was over and they were going to help us fight terrorists or whatever . 
  and of course we 've got plenty of right-wingers who would support putin for his anti-gay agenda any way . 
  but after the invasion of georgia opinion shifted a good deal , and at this point people tend to talk about putin the same way they discuss kim jong un . 
  damn homonazis and their russophobia . 
  the jews must be behind this . 
  when you 're talking nuclear war , you do n't do things halfway ... 
  but his campaign team designed that , they were hired to do so . 
  independent political cartoonists typically make a field day out of attacking leaders here in the west , and rarely try to generate any ` hype ' for their own . 
  i guess all countries will have to start painting their planes and tanks in national flag colors to avoid confusion . 
  they literally end the video with `` eventually , russian troops will enter ukraine ... '' it 's like they just tear down whatever argument they tried to make about not being involved !, 
  laser bears ftw . 
  but how often do you see a western cartoonist glorify their own leadership ? 
  you have to be kidding me ... 
  prague spring and then the russian invasion, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't this the guy that proposed that russia nuke warsaw ? 
   apparently this was often played on tv when leaders died to calm the population . 
  true , though i 've also seen it explained that it was simply what soviet state media would ` default ' to if they had no direction coming from the top , making it a good indicator of when there was trouble . 
  i 'd definitely agree with that . 
  i 'm no expert , but i 'd presume it 's easier to put bullets into people than it is to take them out also , and i 'd probably have more appreciation for the latter . 
  in a later comment the guy claimed to live in some city on the black sea , but still no way of knowing . 
  there 's really no way to know if he 's even romanian . 
  sure , but the k2 is the world 's most expensive mbt , it 's said that the firing computers can even target and engage helicopters without gunner input . 
  if you 're studying in a medical field , i 'd suggest volunteering for some sort of medical service in the military . 
  it 's important work and it could come in handy on a resume later . 
  at the moment i do n't think there 's any tank better than a k2 , but i heard that development has begun on the leopard 3 . 
   chilling i thought this was going to be a play on words , but man , we 've got way more snow where i live than that picture . 
  i figured estonia would be a lot colder . 
  oh my god , the comments on this :  quite facist , that armored column . 
   hitler was riding shotgun in the locomotive . 
  i know this is silly and that nothing is going to happen , but i 'm watching this ; and then there 's this comment i saw ( which of course can not be verified or anything ) :  you will not hear this on the news . 
  i 've heard of it before . 
  large convoys moving at night through my city . 
  i do n't sleep very well so it happens that i walk my dog at 3-4 am . 
  6 months ago i saw tanks on the street . 
  fucking tanks , all under romanian flag , there must have been 100-200 of them but i did n't take the phone and was unable to film them . 
  imagine that . 
  the whole street was crowded . 
  it was me , the dog , and men with high caliber weapons . 
  my point being , the amount of artillery in the black sea - eastern nato flank is skyrocketing . 
  russia needs to stop pushing west towards my country because this is going to degenerate into some nasty conflict . 
  you may think i 'm exaggerating . 
  ok . gently go to sleep then : _ ) and i 'm reading about the weird stuff going on in russia , and the rumors swirling about the russian embassy in london , and it 's enough to make a guy nervous . 
  but hey , it was worse during the last century , so why get worked up over it now ? 
  right ? 
  well , let 's consider ideology of website and content of the resolution , shall we ? 
  got ta be ready when the army comes to town , if you know what i 'm sayin ' ... 
  not necessarily the first time ; just a week ago you guys gave us and the canadians a [ little taste ] ( https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=867146596642006 ) of your climate . 
  soldiers are still people , guy . 
  i know plenty of people who 've spent some time in the army , it 's not like they 're really any different from the rest of us . 
  that might have just made my day . 
  poland is really something special . 
  ugh , same here . 
  it hurts when i see the stereotypes get reinforced . 
  well , we did have a lot of germans come over here back in the day ... 
  now you 've made the incorrect assumption of believing americans can be anywhere except the right .
