please ? 
  bolivia stronk naval power . 
  yeah , he 's also somewhat significant in islam , but this whole legend exists a bit outside the mainstream , so i do n't know hiw much i 'd read into it . 
  this is pretty much the best way to handle things imo . 
  you can look up their magazine , it 's called dabiq . 
  you might wind up on a watchlist though . 
   it seems they must , according to some prophecy or some shit , force the americans to come to them and have a sort of `` boss fight '' on is territory . 
  then , if they win that , there 'll be paradise or something . 
  yes ; they believe in some prophesy or whatever that they are going to come face to face with the army of rome ( the west ) at [ dabiq ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dabiq ) in syria ; and that this army , led by the anti-christ , will drive them towards mecca until a holy army from medina turns them back , and then jesus christ will literally come down from the heavens and they will take over the world . 
  it 's really bizarre stuff man . 
  i 'm very glad to hear it !, 
  what you are doing is truly good work , i wish i could involve myself the same way , but i simply do n't have those kind of skills and i 'm over in america . 
  instead i try to donate whenever i can and raise awareness . 
  i wish you the best of luck in greece !, 
  oh , i 'm not trying to say it was all smiles and rainbows ; i 've addressed elsewhere today a lot of the discrimination they faced ; what with the know-nothings , the kkk and the apa . 
  but my own grandparents were immigrants ; it 's a nation built on the backs of immigrants . 
  that much at least we should embrace , and we should certainly do our best to understand the struggles that those people faced in coming here . 
  apparently he 's been fighting against `` islam in academia '' for a few years , so that should tell you most of what you need to know about his stance here . 
  / r/worldnews is basically stormfront territory now ; but whatever , i 'll fight the good fight . 
  holy fuck ; are we becoming more liberal than the europeans ? 
  how could they let something like this happen !, 
  [ the know-nothing party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/know_nothing ) would disagree . 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  the reaction to immigrants is always the same ; back then it was evil catholics who were going to take over our government , drunken irishmen who were going to destroy our morals , thieving italians after our wallets and sneaky asians trying to take our jobs . 
  there 's always hostility towards immigrant groups and the smears are always the same . 
  i admit , i 'm not prone to patriotism but i feel pretty strongly about this part of our history . 
  my grandparents were immigrants and if they 'd simply be turned away then who knows where the hell i would 've wound up . 
  bring 'em on then . 
  we took the irish , we took the jews back during the pogroms , we took italians and germans and poles and all the rest . 
  we can sure as hell take a few thousand syrians . 
  also they provided a lot of troops for the un mission in the c.a.r. 
  which basically stopped the civil war there . 
  it 's worked for them in mali and the un mission in the c.a.r. 
  they have reason to be confident . 
  yeah , let 's all stifle discussion and ignore opposing viewpoints . 
  your dedication to a humanitarian cause is inspirational . 
  i 'm glad there 's still some good people in the world ; because it 's just so disgusting to see the terrible things people have to say , especially when it comes to this . 
  and i 'm sorry that you 're being targeted by those / r/european racists . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  raciam is not a global phenomenon if that 's what you 're saying . 
  really this should be why no one likes / u/exvampireweekend , not something which extends to all 318.9 million of his countrymen . 
  imperialism was really bad , that 's true , but the intention of imperialism was not systematic , industrialized ethnic cleansing . 
  it 's a difference worth noting . 
  yep , they 're having a field day . 
  dunno , i already had you tagged as racist in res , so it must have been something . 
  yes , but the russians were n't halted by the west is what i mean . 
  actual military support to ukraine proved quite slow in coming . 
  yeah , that 's racist . 
  not really . 
  the sanctions may have had some impact ; but as far as the military situation goes the west has n't been much help . 
  the baltic states declared independence from russia during the russian revolution and in 1920 the soviet union signed treaties renouncing all sovereign rights to the land ` for eternity ' . 
  in 1940 the three republics were forcibly annexed by the red army . 
  poles , a lot of brits , some finns . 
  not the germans . 
  that 's just my observations from here though , obviously i 'm somewhat geographically removed from europe . 
  but then what about some of the [ eu missions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_operations_of_the_european_union ) which we 've already seen , the africa deployments being in question here , would that be possible under the framework you propose ? 
  would the eu military be able to respond to un or nato missions as well ? 
  seriously ? 
  i had n't heard about that . 
  ok , even if you agree with the statement , and i know some of you do , you really ca n't argue that describing a group of people as a swarm is n't degrading . 
  it 's on the same level as horde . 
  jeez , first the british with the ripping cds , and now the germans with this . 
  god , what are you people doing over there ? 
  i get the distinct feeling that / u/exvampireweekend is relishing the us seeming more progressive than europe for once . 
  i bet it 'd be pretty similar for christians in my country . 
  but then again , there 's a difference between the us and germany obviously . 
  i do n't think there 's that many religious people out there who follow their book word for word . 
  obviously there 's some , and that 's terrifying , but it 's a very small minority . 
  i mean , would n't any christian or jew who supported gay marriage be in the same boat as the people you 're describing ? 
  being a rather left-leaning american i admire the social , educational and healthcare programs in europe . 
  pertaining more specifically to the eu i think most americans would say it 's a good thing . 
  it got you all to stop fighting . 
  translation is actually courtesy of / u/girasolede at / r/ukrainianconflict . 
  but thanks . 
  yes , clearly everyone from the southern hemisphere is connected to the same hivemind bent on eliminating white people from europe . 
  you 'd have to be crazy to think differently . 
  fuckin ' oklahoma city you shithead . 
  i do n't know about europe , but in the us [ white supremacists and other non-muslim groups have killed twice as many people in terrorist attacks than muslims since 9/11 ] ( http://www.newsmax.com/newsfront/terror-race-hate-crime-us/2015/06/24/id/651936/ ) . 
   im not racist , but the world would be a better place without all of them . 
  yeah , no racism involved there . 
  living a half hour from baltimore that just seems next to impossible even though it 's true ... 
  they 're communist the same way china is communist , if that helps . 
  i ca n't believe i 've never seen this before . 
  incendiary weapons , makes sense . 
  it 's all calculated on his part , the more exposure he manages to get , the better for his party . 
  because if they did it that way than the us , russia and china would n't want to be part of the un and the whole system would collapse . 
  it 's a broken system , but it 's the only one we 've got right now . 
  it would take a truly catastrophic global crisis to make the changes needed to give the un real power . 
  yo satan toss some coin to the greeks would ya ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most americans do n't share his opinion . 
  yeah , france and canada , and it looks like the uk is sliding that way , if they are n't there already . 
  dangerous precedent to be sure . 
  i just operate on the principle that the nsa has spied on pretty much everyone and everything , and then each of these revelations is n't so shocking . 
  well , the idea is that what we do next makes it clear that there will be no repeat . 
  i wish there was away to kick the russians off crimea , i really do , but realistically speaking it 's just not going to happen , that ship has sailed . 
  like i 've said multiple times sending any western troops is somewhere between idiotic and suicidal . 
  instead we should be sending equipment that they need ; which includes night vision equipment , kevlar and anti-tank weapons systems . 
  i get that , but the russians can replace a grad or a howitzer or a tank easy , and nobody back home will complain . 
  the only outcry from the russian public has been when 20-something year old conscripts are getting sent back in pine boxes after ` training accidents ' . 
  there 's a reason putin made ` peacetime ' military losses a state secret .
