  would n't want to offend the nazis now , would we ? 
  yes but globally as well . 
  in europe the memory of the two wars and the understanding that they must never be repeated was a huge driver of the european project ; the quiet force pushing unity and integration . 
  now those memories and motivations are more distant , and the same dangerous elements are rising up to try to derail the progress that has been made . 
  i remain confident that they will be defeated . 
  the new abe lincoln brigades stand ready to help . 
  the problem here is that this new generation did n't grow up in the shadow of war like the last ones did . 
  all of that pain anguish and destruction is a foreign concept , and it 's allowing these subversive elements to take root . 
  fascism is a menace to society , and it ought to be stamped out wherever it rears it 's ugly head . 
  it 's true . 
  the fascists * are * back and they 're on the march . 
  they can dance around it and say what they like but it 's clear as day to people with open eyes . 
  they 've drawn their battlelines and we need a global united front to counter them . 
  afd is just upset they ca n't do the salute in public . 
  russian communists are mostly there to lock down elderly voters for putin . 
  most of russia 's political parties which are currently represented are friendly to the current leadership . 
  there was a time when they were reasonably significant ; soon after the revolution members of the revolutionary kuomintang and the china democratic league held important government positions , including on the supreme court . 
  it obviously did n't last long though . 
  while i was over there last summer it was explained to me that they do have municipal elections at least , but only communists are allowed to run and there 's no campaigning or advertising , so very few people bother voting . 
   13 % are not white and a further 9 % are not british . 
  which means that according to govt figures at least 23 % of people do n't look british or do n't sound british . 
  and that 's according to statistics that probably undercount the real figures because they 're based on voluntary passenger surveys . 
  and of course there are no accurate records kept of who is in the country and who is n't . 
  ( that 's policy as well of course . ), 
  and it 's worse in some areas than others . 
  leicester is only 50.5 % white for example what you ca n't be a loyal and patriotic citizen if you 're not white and native-born ? 
   oh this time it 's going to be much , much worse as one side believe they 'll enter heaven by killing us and certain traitors are determined to import them in the millions . 
  literally calling people `` race traitors ''  i would roll out the red carpet if we got a million or even ten million japanese or south korean or jewish immigrants come in . 
  `` i 'm only racist towards certain foreigners '' some people on here are more backwards than republican voters where i live now . 
  it 's really a shame . 
  whatever happened to the eu border force proposal i remember hearing about months ago ? 
  seems like that would have been the thing to do really . 
  despite a lot of the talk i see here from the `` nationalism versus globalism '' crowd it seems like some concrete european efforts could take care of the biggest national problems right now . 
  jesus christ what happened to this sub ? 
  there 's some seriously racist shit being flung in here . 
  to be fair it seems like even a lot of italians have trouble defining the ideology of m5s , but ukip is certainly quite far from communist . 
  all this whining about versailles being too harsh is a prime example of the losers writing the history . 
  at the end of wwi germany was the most industrialized country in europe and was basically untouched by the war . 
  if the post-war government had n't taken a lit torch to their currency to spite the french they would have been perfectly fine . 
  slovenia , kinda . 
  and then they withdrew . 
  so i really ca n't think of an instance . 
  `` american liberal socialists '' yeah , good one . 
  only `` failing '' because the genocidal maniacs in the republika srpska desperately want it to become a failed state so they can get back to doing what they do best : getting bombed by nato . 
  if it comes to that again i 'm more than willing to oblige them . 
  first of all you 're on / r/europe second of all putin was elected after having the fsb stage a terrorist attack , so this sort of thing is definitely in his playbook . 
  well that would settle that . 
  oh fuck off would you . 
  this is another reflection of the fact that the eu and nato have essentially banished war from western europe . 
  there is no credible , conventional military threat to those nations , and it 's no surprise that people are n't chomping at the bit to ship off to the middle east, 
  nobody is `` bringing '' anybody . 
  you make it sound like immigration is importation , like it 's some kind of modern day slave trade . 
  that 's simply not how our societies work . 
  yeah , there was never any turning back , the whole world has been on course towards ever-closer union since the cold war ended . 
  it 's simply that it 's been a mostly economic rather than ( publicly ) political process . 
  sanctions on russia have a greater impact there , plus there 's nokia . 
  would n't change the fact that chinese people did it ; the sane as the fact that there were french collaborators . 
  the government role is irrelevant and i do n't think that 's what she 's talking about anyway . 
  does n't seem like it 's hurt them much at all ; it 's the political death of hamon more than anything . 
  aside from providing a forum for international dialogue which has led in large part to a serious decline in the incidence of interstate warfare , the un also provides tangible benefits on a large scale with a shoestring budget . 
  un peacekeeping efforts help keep unstable countries from collapsing ; thereby preventing large refugee flows and denying terrorists safe havens . 
  the un , through the wfp , who , unhcr , unicef and others also feeds , vaccinates , and educates millions . 
  all of this serves to make life easier for us here in the developed world by promoting global stability . 
  or maybe people are just a little worried about a government attempting to quash their opposition and censor opposing views . 
  or even simpler , people are rightly upset about legislation that specifically targets one of the country 's top institutions for higher learning . 
  the language used is similar ; that 's all that will matter to most people . 
   you realize that a hot war between russia and the us could potentially escalate into the worst thing that happened to mankind ? 
  yes , but it would n't come to that . 
  the russian interest in the middle east is , by and large , symbolic . 
  it 's an attempt to reassert itself as a global power ; the tangible benefits of keeping assad in power or installing haftar in libya are marginal at best . 
  russia has little to gain and everything to lose by forcing a confrontation over some troops who were complicit in war crimes anyway . 
  the trouble is that in the emerging pattern of events vladimir putin is always the one with the initiative , deciding where , when and how the next regional crisis will take place . 
  the west has been consistently forced to simply react ; at best this results in a sort of stalemate as in ukraine , at worst it results in a situation like syria . 
  at some point putin needs to be confronted and forced to back down or there will be no end to this ; if he senses a further lack of resolve on the part of the us and nato , then he 'll be back to stirring up trouble in eastern europe in no time at all . 
   your media is truly magical i would n't know i do n't watch much of it . 
  if you want to know where i get my worldview then that would be bbc , france 24 , deutsche welle , and * the economist * . 
  the only american publications i read regularly are * the new york times * and * foreign policy * . 
  but objectively speaking , the rojava is an oasis compared to the rest of the region , and while there 's valid concerns about the pyd working to ensure their political hegemony there , the general tolerance with regards to religion and ethnicity is quite impressive . 
  ( and i know that there 's been some negative incidents between kurds and sunni arabs too , but those are n't the norm ), 
  there is a link , i ca n't deny that , but the command and control structures are separate . 
  i ca n't deny though that i 'm very much sympathetic to the rojava and the kurdish fighters in syria . 
  if they were on that airbase then they were complicit . 
  it also peddles the turkish line that ypg/ypj are the same as pkk . 
  would respect him more if he had n't tipped them off beforehand . 
  after hearing about that i realized this was pointless grandstanding , and a waste of missiles . 
  those two would n't mesh at all . 
  melenchon has a hardly-hidden disdain for social democracy , and littke love for the eu . 
  nah , but the headline kinda gives that sort of impression and i just wanted to see if anybody would know what i was talking about . 
  it 's a norwegian tv drama where nato has dissolved and the green party wins a majority in the norwegian elections , promising to cut oil and gas production and move norway to a carbon-free , nuclear-powered future . 
  russia then intervenes , sending military forces into norway to take control of oil and natural gas resources . 
  the eu , desperate for fossil fuels , allows this to occur . 
  you can find it on the internet , it 's pretty good . 
  it 's more of a spy/political drama than a shoot-em-up type thing , which i like . 
  i think season 2 is going to be a little more fast-paced though . 
  it 's very well done though , the most expensive tv show ever made in norway . 
  and all the pieces are falling into place for okkupert to happen in real life . 
  hard right now too ever since they won the favored spot on moscow 's payroll . 
  quite a three ring circus ; putin , commies and fascists . 
  well you 'd end up with both because it would n't stop in the east . 
  every country that joins the alliance increases it 's deterrence value to some ectent , and at the very least denies assets and territory to russia .
