  then why are they still fighting ? 
  clearly , putin has a few more goals in mind . 
   i hope it delivers maximum amount of damage with minimal loss of life . 
  realistically speaking , it 's largely a wasted shell in that case . 
  the only way this war ends ( the way it looks right now ) is if it gets too expensive for the russians to keep on going . 
  yes , it is grim , but that 's the reality of the situation . 
  dude 's doing his job , and that 's all there is to it . 
  yes , none of us want war , but the war 's been brought to the doorstep of people like / u/forced _ from_d3 and / u/walt _ ua , and what are they supposed to do ? 
  one man ca n't stop this war , in fact , everybody right here is powerless to stop it too . 
  only way it ends is when one side throws in the towel , and so far putin does n't want to , and ukraine ca n't afford to . 
  nobody reasonable would seriously suggest sending troops to ukraine . 
  yeah , there 's a few , but even here they 're a minority . 
  that said , i do want the west to do more to bolster ukrainian forces , and that 's simply matching what the russians have already done . 
  i think the idea that many redditors actually want a war with russia is very misplaced . 
  it 's ridiculous , suicidal even . 
  that said , i want my government to take a clear stance on the issue , make it clear that we do n't believe the kremlin narrative , and offer tangible military support to ukraine in the form of weapons and equipment . 
  ukraine will never get crimea back ; but putin needs to see that he wo n't be carrying out any more land grabs in a sovereign european state . 
  let 's be straight here , if nato ended up involved in ukraine , crimea would be the least of our worries - or putin 's . 
  that 's basically the end of the line . 
  that 's the problem with this question . 
  if it was phrased that way i m sure the numbers would be much higher . 
  the way people here seem to be interpreting it is : `` would you go to the middle east to fight and die for american corporations ? '', 
   uni students specially . 
  a special category in any country , to be fair . 
   i kinda get that the usa wanted to do it because they fucked that country up in the first place and wanted to correct that mistake man , i wish that was the reason . 
  nah , most people here do n't believe that . 
  well , most do n't know about it , of those that do , maybe a better portion believe that we 're responsible . 
  in any case , it was n't a prime motivation . 
  the main objective was simply to eliminate afghanistan as a base from which terrorists can operate freely ; which was done by successfully forcing them back to the mountains of pakistan where they came from in the first place . 
  what a mess . 
   these will always be seen as an evil , a failure to find a peaceful way of doing things . 
  but when the other guy decides he does n't want to find a peaceful way to do things , what choice do you have ? 
  i 'm talking about tanks on your streets and bombers overhead ; i know it 's outlandish and ( hopefully ) impossible , but so is an invasion of a nato member , and that 's what we 're discussing here . 
  this is about defending against aggression , not starting the war . 
  san diego is considered a military town , the naval and marine facilities there are pretty significant ; a good portion of the population is somehow involved with it . 
  hang on just a minute . 
  now , iraq was a bullshit neo-imperialist conflict built on a foundation of lies , but afghanistan was different . 
  it has been made very clear that terrorist elements in afghanistan were closely linked to the 9/11 attacks , and that they were being offered training and shelter by the taliban regime . 
  just some constructive criticism : you 're a lot more likely to persuade someone to agree with you if you do n't come across as a belligerent asshole . 
  that 's the one that really makes me want to drown myself in my bathtub . 
  it 's probably the worst out of all of them . 
  it 's worth noting that france , italy , and the uk polled little better in this regard . 
  i 'd hope that we can , but the survey indicates otherwise . 
  i understand that it does not reflect policies in place , but i think it 's a dangerous attitude , both in terms of the alliance and for europe . 
  redditor for 5 hours . 
  having fun trolling ? 
  i know that ukraine had some humvees , from back before the maidan ; can you find a source on the m4s though ? 
  not necessarily doubting you , i just have n't seen anything like that . 
  well , i mean , perks of the office , right ? 
  to be perfectly honest , the second one really . 
  it 's a hyperbole and i 'm aware of it , obviously i 'm typically the only one who can see these tags . 
  i did n't , i just had him [ tagged ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bo8a5jq.png ) in res . 
  he must have said something i really did n't like before . 
  from where / u/polefromsilesia is standing on the political spectrum , most people would be leftists . 
  that 's become something i feel all too familiar with now . 
  to be perfectly honest though , i do n't feel like it 's a huge issue i the us . 
  sure , we 've still got racist cops and stuff here and there and that has to be dealt with , but on the whole we do n't have a whole lot of trouble with national origin and religion , in most of the country . 
  i do n't know about that last part , but i will say that we 've got a lot of different people here with a lot of variety in just how much they 're willing to assimilate , and there are n't any real problems . 
  yeah no kidding , what the hell is going on in this sub ? 
  i 'd expect nothing else from / r/european, 
  hey , some of us like the saxophone . 
  i 'm no general , but it does n't look like this could happen on a large scale right now . 
  illovaisk and debaltseve were salients that jutted pretty far out into the russian lines , right now there are n't any ` bulges ' like that , though the russians might try to create one . 
  it 's like reading satire . 
  it 's like rt 's just stopped trying ... 
  i like reading here because i like to see other people 's viewpoints and i like interacting with people that i 'd never get a chance to in real life . 
  usually it 's a breath of fresh air , except now every other topic on here is about immigration , and i see the same kind of bullshit i 'd hear from american right-wingers more and more often , which is disappointing . 
  as for an agenda ? 
  why bother ? 
  what am i really supposed to accomplish ? 
  i 'm just going to call bs when i see it and move on . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  these guys are popping up all over the place in here these days . 
  it 's awful . 
  i do n't really watch or read much of the american news media , but i 'm sure you have some alternatives you 'd love to recommend ? 
  you 're getting downvoted but that 's what 's going on in all these threads . 
  i think / r/european is astroturfing extra hard today . 
  / r/european is leaking again . 
  lovely . 
  drown on the way to indonesia ? 
  slave laborers in thailand or vietnam ? 
  do i really need to go over every country ? 
  it 's the same story . 
  they do . 
  kenya , tanzania , and south africa are flooded with refugees . 
  south african rioters have been attacking them . 
  saudi arabia forcibly deported africans last year . 
  qatar uses migrants for slave labor . 
  these people are trying to get out , and they do n't have good options . 
  it 's obvious why they 'd head north . 
  the fuck ? 
  i 'd rather be living in europe than the us . 
  i have trouble seeing one way we 're better , let alone ` almost every way ' . 
   europe is n't the only place in the world where there is n't hunger or poverty ... well where the hell are they going go , cross the atlantic ? 
  it 's a bit of a longer ride . 
  it 's terrible that you 're getting buried . 
  this sub is getting flooded by some terrible people . 
  yeah , it 's a little spooky all the similarities ; but then if you point that out in a discussion people get angry about `` russophobia '' and the like . 
  pretty much the best comparison in my mind ; though the weimar republic did n't have the same kind of formerly-state-owned monopolies to help screw things up . 
  eh , i 'm not really sure it 's a direct result of the federal system ; and there 's plenty of other countries with similar sorts of systems and a lot more variety in their political parties .
