  it makes it more difficult for russia to take aggressive action in the east mediterranean and balkan peninsula , and helps to ensure regional security . 
  as a nato member , montenegro will be more secure , and can help serve as a stabilizing influence in a still-volatile region . 
  in that way it reduces the chances that the alliance will actually have to fight in the western balkans . 
  it 's a strategically useful piece of territory , giving the alliance a secure port in the western balkans and denying russia the same . 
  admitting montenegro makes no real impact on our defense commitmemts . 
  simultaneously , it keeps that country out of russia 's sphere of influence , denying them a port and improving our geostrategic standing in the region . 
  it 's not much to defend ; the main thing is that now it wo n't be a port of call for russia . 
  seems to me like this would only serve to increase popular support for a referendum . 
  he means that the current british government is going against the spirit of churchill and his vision for post-war europe , the translation just is n't perfect . 
  i think my grandchildren will be around to see the slow fading of borders , and the building of a better , more peaceful world . 
  why is there always this perception that protesters do n't vote ? 
  anyone motivated enough to protest definitely voted . 
  [ fascists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_democratic_party_of_germany ) [ like ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alternative_for_germany ) [ these ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_ ( france ), 
  corbin hates the eu even if he wo n't say it publicly . 
  well trump generally says the opposite of the truth so that 's not so surprising . 
  well i certainly admire romania more and its government less after the protests , but i do n't think that 's what he meant . 
   that is what the people want . 
  if that 's what they wanted then the fascists would be winning , but they did n't win in austria , they did n't win in the netherlands , god willing they wo n't in france , and there 's a sub-zero chance of it happening in germany . 
  my fear is that the result has really already been decided ; whether the vote is tampered with or ultimately ignored may be a formality . 
  the dots ( or stars in the case of the wsj ) are the indicator of what print run the paper is . 
  the revisions between daily prints are generally minor , people are n't expected to buy multiple papers in one day . 
  you 're looking for a conspiracy where there is n't one . 
  yes . 
  most large circulation newspapers make do multiple prints each day , so a morning and evening edition will not be the same . 
  it 's not an excuse it 's a simple statement of fact that you can easily verify on your own . 
  [ here 's another discussion about it if you 're interested . 
  ] ( http://ask.metafilter.com/65628/the-threestar-edition ), 
   and i am not even trump . 
  most of the rest of us are n't either . 
   however , these opposing headline editions were not distributed to different political or geographic markets , nor were they intended to influence voters . 
   this picture shows two editions of the wall street journal published at different times of the day . 
  the paper on the left came off the press early in the day , while the paper on the right was produced later in the day . 
  print newspapers sometimes undergo revisions throughout their daily runs and typically employ marks to distinguish the various editions -- in this case the differing wsj editions are distinguishable by the number of stars displayed in the masthead http://static.snopes.com/app/uploads/2016/09/wsj-papers-marked.jpg  colleen schwartz , the vice president of communications at the wall street journal , confirmed that these editions were printed at different times , not in different markets . 
  the edition on the left was published after trump met with mexican president enrique pe\u00f1a nieto early in the day ( and referenced the seemingly cooperative tone of their discussion ) , and the edition on the right was published after trump delivered a speech on immigration later in the day ( and referenced trump 's reasserting his stance that he would force mexico to pay for the building of a wall along the u.s.-mexico border ) :, 
  trudeau is , objectively , one if the most popular world leaders in power today . 
  well given the alternative that 's understandable enough . 
  hard to say ; it 's something to imagine , though history tells us that benevolent dictators are an unfortunately rare thing . 
  without question . 
  this movie is the greatest cultural achievement of my nation , without question . 
  the real problem is that when they actually performed well in elections erdogan declared martial law , started bombing kurdish cities , and held new elections so he 'd regain a majority . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greenshirts_ ( national_corporate_party ), 
  fn members denying the holocaust , being racist , hating poor people, 
  / r/the _ klaver, 
  there was a poll here that showed a 50-50 indyref vote , the highest leave has ever polled . 
  there 's clearly been a huge shift since brexit . 
  ah yes , the classic `` rich and elitist but also a jewish communist subversive '' imagery . 
  god the mental gymnastics required there , it 's like / r/conspiracy really . 
  in addition to the other answers here , the biggest reason is that they were anti-soviet , the same reason that we wo n't cut them out of nato now : erdogan would crawl right into bed with putin and then we 'd have a real headache on our hands , rather than the current comedy show . 
  it did n't really work elsewhere in the middle east , sure , we armed plenty of dictators , but the only ones who held onto power were homegrown , like saddam and qaddafi . 
  plus erdogan just used that fake coup over the summer to purge the armed forces . 
  there probably are few officers who would back a foreign coup attempt . 
  fewer enlisted men . 
  as has been stated elsewhere this would represent a huge geopolitical shift and give russia a solid grip on the eastern mediteranean ( since putin certainly has no objection to erdogan 's authoritarian tendencies ) . 
  ultimately the best we can hope for is that erdogan is defeated in the referendum and some political normalcy restored , though i ca n't say i 'm confident . 
  after all , the last time an election ended unfavorably the man launched a violent crackdown on the kurds , and then cemented his power after the ( staged ) coup attempt . 
  the man has dictatorial ambitions , i hope that turkey 's government and civil society are strong enough to stop him , but he 's beem gearing up for two years at least . 
  part of me suspects the referendum vote will be rigged . 
   most americans have no idea who wilders even is , much less are vocally opposed to him . 
  of course , and even fewer would favor him if they knew who he was , that 's the point i was making . 
  there 's some people here who seem to be suggesting that the us has suddenly become an exporter of fascism since our last election , when most people do n't even approve of our current right-wing administration , let alone foreign nutjobs . 
  agreed , each one of them was plenty loyal as far as we can tell , and generally quite experienced in their roles . 
  i guess if one was really looking for a conspiracy , you could argue that they were `` loose ends '' that were being silenced , but it would be an odd scheme indeed to require all of them together . 
  it 's not `` the usa '' ; it 's american right-wingers . 
  remember that most of us are vocally opposed to the current state of affairs . 
  yeah that is the pis propaganda line , heard it before , nothing new there . 
  somebody really hates donald tusk . 
  build a land bridge to scotland . 
  xi jinping is dictator certainly , but he 's a power player at the helm of the world 's second most powerful country , and i do n't think his analysis here is incorrect . 
  europe divided will never stand amid the us , china and russia as an equal . 
  europe united would have the world 's highest gdp , a large population and significant political and military clout . 
  the polish right-wingers were the only ones opposing him : quite literally party before country . 
  of course , but the point of the article is that the rising modern dictatorships and authoritarian politicians largely operate without a coherant ideology . 
  yeah , its unfortunate that the uk is a de facto one party state right now . 
  a more competent opposition could 've made a much bigger impact , both in the run-up to the referendum and in the wrangling afterwards . 
  seems pretty clear-cut to me . 
  hmm , i suppose i never considered the idea of knocking le pen out of the first round - but i think that the logic here is flawed ; if juppe took fillon 's place , it would have pulled support mostly from macron , rather than from le pen . 
  i think it 's safest to assume that the fn makes it to the second round in any case ; and then one has to remember that while fillon has been accused of stealing state funds , juppe has been * convicted * of it . 
  he 's hardly less corrupt . 
  i think it 's most realistic to hope for a strong en marche performance in both rounds , rather than keeping the fn out of the second round entirely ( though that 'd certainly be nice ), 
  this is actually great , it all but ensures that macron will get to the second round rather than fillon , and macron will do far better against the fn than either fillon or juppe ever could have . 
   hard-left  pro-eu got ta pick one . 
  menshevik internationalist . 
  guess i have no stomach for the gulags . 
  haha yeah , at this point it 's safer for everybody if he just stays on and loses in the first round . 
  well each was once seen as the most likely to make it to the second round at one point . 
  i get it , but at the same time i 'm planning to go to school over there guys ... 
  haha have n't seen this one before !, 
  macron has come out of nowhere , clinton was expected to ascend to the presidency like a monarch to the throne . 
  plus le pen 's fn has a long history behind it ; there 's no disguising the nature of it . 
  fortunately for the rest of the world most countries do n't resemble the us when it comes to politics . 
  and the first fn surge in the 2002 elections was right in the middle of chriac 's presidency . 
  the performance of those fascists is n't linked to any single ruling party . 
  but i 'm sure you do n't believe any of the second round polling . 
  [ he 's got nothing on jesse klaver ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jesse_klaver ) . 
  it 's almost as if people do n't like him or something like that . 
  it seems likely to me ( granted , as an outside observer ) that with schulz reasserting the spd as a true social-democratic party the spd-cdu contest will begin again in earnest , and there will probably be more real ideological distance between those two in the coming years . 
  that 's why we need that esa moon base !, 
  yes , how convenient . 
  and remember how putin was `` personally looking into it '' ?
