  it 's brown skinned muslims , you expect people to care about the difference ? 
  funny , the wall was built by communists as an anti-fascist barrier . 
  the gods gave you two hands , and you use them both for your weapon . 
  i can respect that . 
  any info on why that asshole did this ? 
  wow , that is pretty harsh . 
  i mean , if you 're offering refugees a warm welcome with a picture of your weapon collection , that 's inciting violence and i understand if they tell you to shut it . 
  the `` exorcism '' move is cool af as well , but you got ta advance to catholic inquisitor rank for that to become available . 
  not worth the grind for me . 
  met one of those there . 
  he justified it by stating that hitler himself was most likely gay ; though how that cancels out the killing of homosexuals in concentration camps remains a mystery . 
   there are distinct differences between national socialism and fascism . 
  i 've never read a universally accepted definition of fascism , so i 'd love to hear about those differences !, 
   if they had time to count them , they had time to catch and deport them . 
  i guess they could 've taken photos and counted the people on the picture ? 
  very good points , all of them . 
  if there is a radical organization hell-bent on causing a war between moslems and europeans , we need to know and stop them . 
  if there is an organized group of refugees who want to cause unrest in germany , we need to know and stop them . 
  if there are simply a lot of assholes who think it 's ok to rob and grope/rape women , we need to know and fucking stop them . 
  i see your point , and i agree . 
  as long as we forbid our citizens to have and use weapons in self defense , i think that really should be the expectation : that the state protects you . 
  and i 'd rather we did n't loosen our gun control laws . 
  alright , i had n't seen that before . 
  that could certainly be a cover-up ; but the article does n't mention when that internal info was passed around in the first place . 
  there was no `` cover-up '' , it simply took a few days until most women had reported the assaults . 
  therefore , the scope of the attacks was n't immediately realized , because , as sad as it sounds , a few such attacks are to be expected during every bigger event . 
  at least here at stuttgart university , where a number of refugees is being housed in a gymn , it has n't had any noticeable impact on crime , littering , or noise . 
  if you met up and discussed plans on banding together in order to grope and rob women that i can see that as `` agreeing to partake in a crime '' , [ \u00a7 30 stgb ] ( https://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/30.html ) . 
  this kills the ski . 
  you do n't understand , these are the planned hotspots !, 
  refugees will simply have to apply at moon base one , and be assigned their new home in no time !, 
  to prove that it does n't take a pants-on-fire retarded measurment system to put a human on the moon  also , because this would teach us * so much * about not only the moon , but also about life support technology , sociology/psychology and hopefully also applications that can be used in everyday life . 
   well if we really look into it , there are no real '' good guys '' ~ ~ in middle east ~ ~ in international politics every country , every single country does shady shit . 
  i 'm just a lot more ok with germany/other eu countries/the us doing shady shit because it usually does n't negatively affect me . 
  eh , just reactivate the old stasi guys , they 'll teach us how to . 
  any muslim i 'm friends with is absolutely ok with isis fuckers being killed . 
  they would , however , not be ok with being singled out solely based on their heritage . 
  alright , i do n't know much about muslims , but us catholics get baptized three days to one week after getting outta `` there '' . 
  then you 're brought to church on sundays and holidays , enter church youth ... 
  it really does accompany while growing up a lot . 
  too many of my schoolmates have joined the military for me to simply agree to an invasion . 
  every single western ( or eastern ) intervention in that constantly replenishing powder keg so far has turned into a fullscale firework with unforeseeable consequences . 
  then again simply evacuating every civilian and glassing the entire area does n't seem like an appropriate solution either . 
  maybe the americans were on a good path with their support for the `` freedom fighters '' against the sovjets ; maybe if they had n't cut the funding as soon as the russians left and instead continued building up the nation shit would n't be as fucked up as it is now . 
  but that 's just speculation , and the weapons we today deliver to kurds might be turned against us tomorrow . 
  this reads like quest directions for morrowind . 
  ... you 'd break your arms ? 
  yea , i 'm pretty sure if i get my hands on their budget plan there wo n't be a dedicated category for `` funding isis '' . 
  if that 's the kind of proof you need in order to believe they 're funding isis , then by all means continue believing they do n't . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/too-late-the-sponsors-of-ideology-find-they-have-made-a-monster-9687723.html ) article says qatar may have spent ~ 3bn $ arming syrian rebels . 
  now show me something proving that did not go to isis fighters . 
  can you show me proof of al capone running the chicago mafia , as in his personal finance books ? 
  but we did deliver weapons to kurdish fighters , as well as quatar ( who have been known to finance is ) . 
  our customers were asking for blood for their blood god , and we 're not in the business of turning down a profitable contract . 
  still working on that skull throne delivery , though . 
  this ... * this * right there is the dream . 
  i hate to be the one making this about refugees rather than the victims of that maniac , but if those people stayed in their countries there 's a good chance they 'd die . 
  so for me , `` having compassion '' entails offering them shelter . 
  thanks for correcting me ; i did n't know he eventually did sign it . 
  against armed forces invading our territories . 
  does not apply to refugees from war-torn countries , or even people trying to escape poverty . 
  i 'd say we should keep anyone who can pull that off , there 's got ta be a job for them around here somewhere . 
  well , we * could * distribute tasks . 
  like , greece 's military is far too big for anything but their dick measuring contest with turkey , germany could buy some of their ships and have them put under italian navy command . 
  i still do n't like the basic idea of using warships to keep people from getting here , but if we 're going to do this we oughta do it properly . 
  it 's a pretty rare thing and only occurs when the president really , * really * disagrees with what that law mandates . 
  for example , after 9/11 there was a short-lived discussion about shooting down captured planes . 
  the president ended that debate by pledging not to sign such a law . 
  i 'm confused now . 
  is having a warning shot fired at you considered `` entering a shootout '' ? 
  i always thought that required shooting back , but then again english is not my native language . 
  most of these allow you to type the word you 're looking for . 
  it 's been like that in germany for what feels like a decade and a half : the people we vote into office do n't do what we expected of and elected them for , and have to be reminded of their duties by an undemocratically chosen elective of supreme court judges . 
  examples : gay marriage , dual citizenship , vorratsdatenspeicherung ( forgot the english word , sorry ) , voting regulations , ... 
  i can hear at least half of / r/europe f\u00fchriously fapping right now . 
  in case you did n't know the [ author ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=de&amp;sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=https%3a%2f%2fde.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2fahmad_mansour_ ( autor \\ ) ) . 
  fella knows what he 's talking about . 
  interesting . 
  turns out there 's a whole new world to explore about my browser of choice , 
  wow , when did ff get a commandline ? 
  orlando certainly is n't closer to germany than istanbul . 
  i mean there 's `` germany right after reunification '' difficult , and then there 's `` germany during great recession '' difficult . 
  both produced different kinds of responses in voters . 
  i mean we did talk a lot about wwi , but noone mentioned the zone rouge . 
  yea , pretty sad we did n't . 
  that 's just like ... fuck ... * why did we ever do this to ourselves ? 
  i really wish we 'd cover that stuff in history classes . 
  it 's great to teach children that it 's because of this war our borders looked like that , and that these social factors contributed to the rise of fascism . 
  it 's got a whole kind of different impact to hear that we 're still not done cleaning up the mess from a century back , and that people still die from that shit . 
  well , many parts . 
  i still have n't heard the spanish opinion on this . 
  i guess that 's why our witch trials were so effective ? 
  they tore themselves apart over personalities . 
  rather ironic . 
  when their infighting became the only thing people ever heard from them , they started slipping down in the polls . 
  that meant less media coverage , and by now they were n't even invited to discussions about their core subject privacy when the entire nsa scandal broke . 
  thanks for the detailed writeup , yea , that sounds a lot like our pirate party . 
  can an italian butt in and explain how the five-stars-movement has developed ? 
  last time i heard from them , they were classified as an `` anti-party '' without a real stance on many issues outside of `` we do n't like eu , nato or uno '' . 
  i 'll be completely open ; i was definitely in favour of getting them in until about three to four years ago when it became obvious that the ruling class was n't doing shit to get the countryside population educated and westernized .
