  alright , germany announces they 're not gon na trouble you by sending immigrants that already made it to germany back to your country . 
  where 's the part where you have to pay any extra money ? 
  sure , let 's push the renteneintrittsalter back even further ... 
  plenty of friendly greeks here around stuttgart . 
  bring me tsatsiki in exchange for a few nights on my dorm 's couch . 
  you do n't deem the un declaration of human rights important ? 
  germans make them all the time . 
  `` political correctness '' is largely a myth . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patriation#the_kitchen_accord ) for the non-canadians ... yours was kinda meh compared to rest . 
  do n't you have a job , too ? 
  i see your point , and yea , i think it would probably be easier for them to stay `` next door '' , so to say . 
  my libanese co-student told me that there are about 800 000 syrian refugees in libanon , a country that has roughly 5 million inhabitants itself . 
  and they do n't have a strong economy that could actually put those additional hands to good use . 
  i do n't agree with that , at all . 
  being granted asylum when shit 's on fire back home is as fundamental a human right as they get . 
  also , the majority of refugees actually do stay within their own country or flee to their neighbors . 
  neighbors who are not at all well-off themselves . 
  i 've noticed you keep adding an asterisk to some countries . 
  anything special about them ? 
  or you could allow them the chance to integrate , get a job , found a family . 
  i realize that a war-torn country needs its best and brightest back asap , but i do n't see why we should n't at least try to make some money off them while they 're here . 
  plus , i really do n't like the idea of a `` detention center '' . 
  that sort of shit tends to draw in the wrong kind of people , see recent reports about abuse in australia . 
  yea , that 's also why germany stopped sending refugees from syria back to other countries : it 'd be inhumane . 
  we 're not providing them with adequate funds to actually build centres that would suffice . 
  people applying for refugee status in germany have to stay in camps ( called residenzpflicht ) , noone 's caused much of a ruckus about that . 
  not even in germany , where people would probably be more wary of being put into camps than anywhere else , 
  actually , i 'm fairly certain that about 40-60 % of refugees arriving in germany come here via balkan states . 
  if you want , i can go look for the tagesschau article from a few months back . 
  i 'm not really familiar with the process , but i guess one actually needs to prove they 're from a certain country . 
  yea , there 's heaps of people . 
  and no , i do n't think we could get all 35 million into germany or even europe . 
  thankfully , their neighbor countries take the brunt . 
  mind you , those neighbor countries are n't exactly well off either . 
  from the state , they get what we call the `` existenzminimum '' : the bare minimum someone can survive on . 
  once granted refugee status , they 're allowed to search for work . 
  actually , our industry president is pushing for changes in regulation that 'll allow refugees to get an ausbildung and stay once they finish it . 
  if a significant percentage of the refugees do that , we as a state actually might profit from it . 
  you just described dublin ii . 
  pity it does n't really work atm . 
  i 'd consider anyone from any of the three countries you listed as a `` legitimate '' refugee . 
  it 's also a system that works best when you 're on an island and all immigrants have to arrive by boat . 
  this is a luxury most of continental europe does n't enjoy . 
  should 've specified : although most groups of migrants have kept their own customs , this seldomly led to outright civil war . 
   basically if you can still make a distinction between descendants of migrants and natives after 3 generations assimilation has not happened . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i think it takes a lot longer than that for skin color to adapt to new climatic conditions . 
  as for religion , barely any group who ever migrated readily gave up their customs , as far as i 'm aware . 
  in here they 're throwing tantrums , on german streets they 're throwing molotov cocktails . 
  hey , i upvoted you , is n't that enough effort already ? 
  interestingly , in germany xenophoby is the highest where there are few foreigners . 
  if people actually get to see moslems who are not carrying around aks , it might change a few people 's minds . 
  did you actually read the article , or even just the headline ? 
  we 're not `` fucking idiots '' . 
  we simply fulfill the obligations derived from the declaration of human rights , and the 1951 refugee convention . 
  true , we ca n't keep absorbing everyone 's best and brightest . 
  for the next 20 years , the world population is still expected to rise , though . 
  really need to start checking people 's posting history before wasting my time on them . 
  12m could very much leave you alive , paralyzed , in excruciating pain for quite a few hours at least . 
  source : coworker was a paramedic . 
  feel free to move there . 
  unless moving there would bring you closer to where i live . 
  in that case , please stay where you are . 
  i 'm a green , leftist mechanical engineering student . 
  and during my first year i 've found out that i may have more in common with green leftist mechanical engineering students from egypt , south korea or poland than with the mostly conservative people who make up the village i come from . 
  well , if you 're talking about peopl who are * granted * refugee status in germany , they 're right . 
  pity , i thought they said he was `` heavily injured '' . 
  they cut that from the show ? 
  ... all the more reason not to watch , then . 
   laws can change with a stroke of a pen . 
  i think if citizens of a member state do not want to take in refugees , then refugees should not be forced upon them . 
  somewhat unrelated , how far would you say this concept goes ? 
  there are quite a few laws many parties are n't happy with ( particularily the agrarian industry who keeps complaining about regulations ) . 
  should they also be free to disregard these laws , or are you ok with the eu fining countries for not enforcing these ? 
   but we ca n't change turkish law , making them essentially unemployable i thought that just changed ? 
  one of the only parts of the eu-turkey-pact that i actually welcome . 
  i ca n't seem to find the study they reference here . 
  did you have more luck ? 
  anyway , the survey is based on data from 2014 , when the afd was still the party of conservative professors and industrialists . 
  the authors simply `` assume '' that nothing has changed , a very bold statement . 
  and even more pronounced in [ baden-w\u00fcrttember ] ( https://wahl.tagesschau.de/wahlen/2016-03-13-lt-de-bw/charts/umfrage-aktuellethemen/chart_8897179.shtml ) . 
  honestly , while i ca n't outright refute the study in itself , i 'd say its relevance for today 's voters is minimal . 
  eh , i 've seen him on / r/de talking german . 
  so that one 's probably true . 
  but if he were to actually vote green or fdp , that would be major cognitive dissonance . 
  are you saying the people taking part in pegida 's `` spazierg\u00e4nge '' are mostly employed with family ? 
  there 's right-wing , like csu . 
  then there 's far-right , after that you 've got extremists like npd . 
  sometimes someone is fringe-right in that they hold ideas that are not in accordance with our grundgesetz , but do not act upon them . 
   most of them have jobs and family [ lol no ] ( https://wahl.tagesschau.de/wahlen/2016-03-13-lt-de-bw/charts/umfrage-job/chart_8887299.shtml ) . 
  30 % of the unemployed in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg voted for them , only 6 % for the linke . 
  tolerance against everyone but the intolerant is often called for on these forums , is n't it ? 
  but yea , i 'm completely ok with police detaining people who stand in a crowd from which projectiles are aimed at the police officers . 
   according to one source , nato did the estonian soldier drones mobile phone pictures . 
  the photo was shown of nato staff , and no one doubted that it was the spetsnaz drone . 
  russian special forces are operating on the report argues , however , outright four or five different types of tactical droonidega . 
   mikser said that the military bases droone indeed seen flying above , but so far have not been able to determine to whom they belonged . 
  that 's what google translate was able to tell me . 
   europeans , with the exception of a vocal few , have just had enough . 
  this article actually suggests otherwise :  the majority of people still welcome new arrivals , but there are some who say they are creating a strain on a local economy with an 11 % rate of unemployment . 
  not sufficiently .
