they got a mean fireball attack though . 
  half of us have been ... 
  sorry for that . 
  you mean , becoming an immigrant ? 
  careful with that attitude around here , / r/europe does n't take too kindly to those . 
  it 's nearly impossible for most syrian people to gain access to a german embassy . 
  yea , but a heli-based strategy does n't mix well with a `` no boots on the ground '' - doctrine . 
  i 've lost helis to spearmen before ... 
  damn you civ 2 ... 
   and if the authorities continue to allow things like this do you not think that it will radicalize people against muslims ? 
  yes it totally would , ** which is why we lock criminals up ** and deport them when possible . 
  we do n't prevent someone from entering our country on the basis that he * might * commit criminal acts in the future . 
   nah they will [ ... ] go work illegally elsewhere . 
  you mean , they 'll merge wonderfully with the local natives ^ ( itsajokeplsdonthitme ), 
  singapore is more or less a dictatorship , though . 
  ca n't just force people here , and i 'm glad for that . 
  refugees would n't be paying 10 $ per ma\u00df and 15 $ per gockl . 
  do n't expect them to , of course . 
  but let 's face it , they would n't have the oktoberfest if it was n't profitable as fuck . 
  fucken tree huggers ruin this country !, 
  my muslim friends at engineering university are definitely more devout than i ever was . 
  but they do n't let it get in their way . 
  if the choice is football or praying , they 'll do football now and pray later . 
  i am an international tutor at my university ; about 40-60 % of the others are girls . 
  they did n't tell us any of that stuff . 
  well , we had university-issued t-shirts , but no guidelines to abide for the other areas of cloting . 
  my grandmother sometimes ca n't tell mum and my aunt ( not twins ) apart anymore , and she 's still living at home with granddad . 
  eh , bad example , we actually managed to pull off a wirtschaftswunder . 
  it 's not clear wheter it was despite , or rather due to those millions of additional people . 
  our new a400m will hopefully enough to evacuate even the largest american families . 
  ^ ( i 'm sorry it was a jokeplsdonthitme ), 
  ca n't recall a specific topic , but gwb did claim he asked god for guidance before ordering the invasion of irak . 
  i curse , like , a lot . 
  i probably abuse god 's name at a frequency of at least twice per hour . 
  and i would n't call myself religious . 
  defense against the dark arts - real life edition, 
  yea , that 's where the demons hide , did n't you know ? 
  alright , to be even more specific : i 'd rather have jesus rule over the world than mohammed . 
  frankly , if i could choose i 'd rather have the bible be right than the quran . 
  jesus : no , peter , do n't attack those people who 're here to arrest and ultimately kill me . 
  mohammed : yea , sure , it 's fine to rape the women we captured . 
  if they become pregnant , it was god 's will . 
  comparing the two most glaring examples of the general trend i perceive from the respective stories . 
   there is simply zero chance this will end up well without a net negative outcome for europe . 
  see , that 's where we disagree . 
  the president of the german trades and industry association has long since called for a faster process for refugees , so they can start learning the language and subsequently start an ausbildung soon . 
  of course it 's not realistic to expect that every one of the ~ 800 000 refugees is going to be able to sustain themselves , but i sincerely hope and believe that it 'll be enough so we can continue providing shelter . 
  also , what would the alternative be ? 
  they 're not going to die quietly , humans almost never do . 
  if we deny them a safe haven in europe and allow the situation to escalate to the point where we start shooting them , the young males will probably be forced to join one of the local militas . 
  nothing good can come from that , not for us , not for them , not for the rest of the world . 
  turkey : borderline warzone . 
  greece : collapsed economy , they ca n't even pay pensions to their elders , i would n't ask of them to provide for more refugees than they already do . 
  while not per se bad , the next countries are n't all too keen on accepting strangers ( from what i 've gathered on the news ) . 
  i doubt integration would be easy there . 
  plus , our supreme court ruled that those countries do n't provide humane conditions for refugees . 
  austria ... that 's different . 
  i do n't think forcing refugees to stay there would be inhumane . 
  true . 
  i was n't in favor of the airstrikes . 
  still , i think it should make a difference wheter you intervene with the intention of preventing a massacre , or for engaging criminals . 
  which ten countries ? 
  if you 're talking about their neighboring countries : they 're at their breaking point . 
  eastern europe ? 
  too much xenophobia , not safe either . 
  c'mon , our tanks may be nothing short of unoperable , but our marine isn ' * that * bad . 
  unless someone actively starts killing , i do n't see why . 
   is n't this essentially the cause of every war ever ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  sure , the great migrations of 200 bc caused a lot of wars , but almost every war fought since ww2 was n't about lebensraum . 
  i 'm a little concerned that you liken people fleeing from war to criminals . 
  let 's hope it never comes to the point where i prefer people dying over people coming to the place where i live . 
  if we had done it a few years sooner , we 'd have to infringe on the maritime borders of libya , which at that time was not a failed state . 
  so yea , that actually would have been an aggression and rather oppressive . 
  at least it 'll lead to less people drowning in those `` ships '' that are held together by little else than spit and prayers . 
  did n't we donate the rest of 'em to peshmerga units ? 
   hundreds of italian workmen gastarbeiter ... 
  nope . 
  but a lot of people have posted parts of dialogue from that game . 
  i was so sure it 'd be a downvote troll , but nope ... that guy is the real deal . 
  yea , but 300 $ of pocket money wo n't buy you a mercedes anytime soon . 
  that money 's got ta come from * somewhere * . 
  i understand flaunting your wealth . 
  i do n't understand taking pride in having it gifted by a foreign government . 
  true , that 's an exception though . 
  i guess they 're russlanddeutsche ? 
  exactly , that 's what i meant . 
  if i managed to get rich by working hard , i would n't tell everybody it was gifted to my by a foreign government . 
  [ northward !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zd1ttu2vvq ), 
  serious question : what 's bad about being a transit country compared to being a destination ? 
   3 ) they have friends in uk/germany/sweden / norway and they claim that the government is giving mercedes and a house wtf ? 
  why would those friends , who are already living here , tell their friends such obvious lies ? 
  feeding foreign countries has time and time again proven to cause more poverty and in the long run , famine . 
  i 'm all for development aid , but we need to be careful what we do . 
  interestingly , i 've worked with an aussie native farmer . 
  that 's the word i was looking for , but too lazy/impatient to look up . 
  thanks . 
  you 're right , you never said anything like that and i should pay more attention to whom i reply . 
  i 'd delete my post , but that usually just leads to confusion when people later find it .
