  i just wonder if these people are fully aware of what they 're fighting for and what they 're fighting against , since , well , our own civil war was n't that long ago and its consequences are very alive and well today . 
  it 's refreshing to find out that we 're not the only ones with a share of politicians gone nuts . 
  i 'm not sure if spain its the kind of country to take a important role anywhere right now , but if we did , you should really really watch your money . 
  and your pockets . 
  now seriously , if we could curb the corruption problems and get our politics organized right , and also managed to have a president that does n't let himself get assfucked by merkel i think we could be world leaders in alternative energy sources , spain already has a good reputation in nuclear energy and used to be cutting edge with wind and solar energy ( until we let the moron that govern us fuck everything up ) . 
  spanish scientists and techs are very well valued because they need to be resourceful to even survive here , and we have some of the best medics and healthcare profesionals , if we only had the right mindset and not a so backwards goverments , i think it would be feasible that , in some fields we would really make a difference . 
  yeah well , whatever , still mas admits that less than half of the population wants independence . 
  people was given the chance to vote and they did n't give a damm , that , while certainly non definitive , gives an idea that , after all , maybe people doe n't really want independence that much . 
  they did n't get successful even by their own measures , they expected a 40 % participation , then said `` under a 30 % it 'd be a total failure '' and they got just at 30 % . 
  so far , and like always , i 'm the one with the arguments and you are the one with the defamation and downvoting . 
  i respect your choice , you should do the same with mine . 
  there 's been a referendum already , its just that you may not remember it because nobody went to vote : http://www.elconfidencial.com/espana/cataluna-referendum-independencia-fracaso-20091214.html, 
  lets review a bit of history here . 
  1936 - spanish civil war breaks out , franco 's troops backed up by nazi germany swipe the country using german planes to bomb the shit out of the remains of the republic setting the basis for what later would be the blitzkrieg . 
  no one ever gives a damm . 
  if anything , `` western '' countries urge themselves to sign non aggression pacts with germany . 
  the general feeling is `` they looked a bit like commies anyway , no big deal , just do n't hurt us ! '' . 
  in 1939 , as soon as the spanish civil war was done , germany invades poland , then ( finally ) france and uk declare war , because it just could n't get more obvious . 
  so now , you ( ukraine ) are in the middle of a civil war between 2 factions , one of which its heavily supported by russia , who now takes the role that nazi germany had pre-ww2 , and , i 'm sorry to be that guy , but it totally looks like you 're going to be sacrified as we were , and , if putin stops right there , he can totally get away with it , after all its not russia conquering ukraine , its the free people of ukraine liberating themselves !, 
  the fact that they later join russia its mere coincidence . 
  poles and balts have their alliances in place , finland and sweden are considering nato and they are in the eu already anyway , you got caught in a bad place and , really , i do n't see help coming unless putin knocks at the wrong door , which its not going to happen anytime soon because he does n't look that stupid . 
  and also there is this stupid thing that people views russia as the good guys , seriously , here there is some people that support russia just because its usa enemy , and we all know usa are always the bad guys . 
  many people go with the discourse that the nazi eu set up this whole conflict and that the rebels are there to save the day . 
  i know , people its that stupid , there is n't much i can do about it . 
  hold on tight , its going to get far worse before it gets any better . 
  yeah , like it 's never happened before . 
  the game of `` lets make a poll about independence and then do n't do it '' have been happening every other year for a while now , it 's not exactly hot news . 
  and there is at least [ one person ] ( http://imgur.com/hyazf1v ) living in the whereabouts of the cathedral that ca n't make his mind about it . 
  what ticks me a bit off its that , we catalonians ( that sounds awful in english ) have the right to express our opinion in polls , but hey , nobody ever wants to poll the rest of spain about it . 
  for there are many things that we build ourselves , there are many other infrastructures which were paid by the central goverment , most of the times the pricy ones . 
  the matter its complicated however you picture it . 
  sort of . 
  if things would stay as they are , yes , we could , we have a good industrial economy , good services , powerplants and a good touristic industry aswell , barcelona is one of the main trading ports of spain , if not the most important , and `` el prat '' airport is hand ind hand ( if not more important ) than madrid 's barajas . 
  we have our own healthcare , our own police force ( mossos d'esquadra ) , our own legislative body and judicial system . 
  we already have plenty of autonomy whether independent or not . 
  thing is , much of this economy comes as products and companies that are based on barcelona and whereabouts ( main economic power of catalunya ) are there to provide the whole country , not just the region , so , at best , these companies would see their activity reduced , as they 'd operate now regionally `` only '' , at worst they 'd leave to keep bussiness in spain . 
  this is why many times you see mas & company ocasionally barfing about strange things such `` associate state '' or stuff like . 
  what does the independence movement has to do with all of that ? 
  we find out because we are in crisis and the budget cuts have been extreme and people now cares where the hell the mony have been going . 
  the independence movement is n't that much fordward than it was 6 years ago as to make a difference . 
  plus we have autonomy to legislate independently and we have n't done shit , so how is it helping ? 
  can you provide an example on how things would change when we just discover one of catalunya most notable independentist figure as pujol is turns out to be so corrupted ? 
  sorry but you need a better argument than `` with independence everything its going to be better '' . 
  yeah , whatever , like they 'd care about what you have to say . 
  we only have corrupt politicians , independentis or not . 
  ciu its corrupt to the bones , you know it , mas is , pujol was , they were as deep as it gets into shady bussinesses and comissions . 
  that wont change with the independence . 
  plus really , what the fuck have your comment to do with what i said ? 
  i love the fact that catalunya its left as spain . 
  i think , at this point in time , getting independence would be stupid and would only make things worse . 
  many people here in catalunya fail to see that we got dealt the most corrupt politicians and its from our politicians some of the most outrageous and stupid ideas come from : `` copago sanitario '' , thats our idea !, 
  private entities managig speedcams and other traffic offenses for profit ? 
  thats us too !, 
  not to talk about the old fashioned corruption , commisions and envelopes under the hand are not a monopoly from the central goverment . 
  then people complain about why every highway on catalunya has tolls and the local politics roll their eyes and blame the central goverment , ss its missing funds , central goverment ( well , they are part to blame , so i 'll let this one slip throug ) , we pay more tax money than we receive , hell , central goverment , thats outrageous !!, 
  ( no matter we are not the only ones , but hey , victims here ) . 
  mas is not going to piss the central goverment too much because they need them to pass the blame on their idiotics policies . 
  so he 'll play tough to appeal the independentist and then scrap it and blame it on the central goverment . 
  and people will fall for it , because people its desperate for an exit to the crisis , but while we really want for the central goverment to stop touching our boobs , we fail to se that the parlament has their fist up our asses to the shoulder . 
  we are doing fairly well , considering we are governed by a [ plasma tv ] ( https://twitter.com/cristina_pardo/status/480287737585893376/photo/1 ), 
  til : all of spanish bankers are gay . 
  but at 5 you are all out for your tea , we just keep going . 
  funny fact , in 2003 at the davis cup in australia , in the final 's open ceremony . 
   `` himno de riego '' was the national anthem of spain during the period known as trienio liberal ( 1820-1823 ) and the first ( 1873-1874 ) and second ( 1931-1939 ) spanish republics . 
  at the davis cup tennis finals held in melbourne ( australia ) in 2003 , james morrison played this anthem , instead of spain 's current national anthem . 
  and the best part of our current hymn its that we ca n't get the words wrong . 
  plus its not really a big deal if someone does n't sing it . 
  i think [ france 's marseillaise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=221uwotqwdo ) its pretty badass ... for being sung in french , you know . 
  alt link for a more hollywoody version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktsg9i6lvqu, 
  a 51 % isnt a majority big enough to hold a decition of this magnitude either, 
  it was you who proposed leaving legality aside . 
  i have to give credit to mas , he 's taken the down spiral his figure and party was taking , collected the political score of his competitors and is about to score himself another term , despite being the impersonation of what the catalans despise the most of spain : corruption and `` recortes '' . 
  as for independence per se , it seems that in what seemed to be the best chance , independentist failed to secure even half of the population support . 
  there is obviously a problem that needs being resolved when half of the population is against the other half , it seems time for a common ground . 
  i do n't think they 'll declare independence , but for sure , they can flex some muscle to make rajoy cave in for a better `` statut '' , not like it was going to be difficult anyway , but rajoy can no longer ignore the problem . 
  yes lets leave legality aside , i 'm sure our catalonian army can hold our sovereignity ... oh wait , we have no army , ups . 
  i 'm not saying it is not childish , but just to quote the typical example , greece vetoes macedonia for trying to apply to the eu unless they change their name ( seriously ) , i can see spain vetoing us unless we join back or something . 
  you will have to apply again and spain will block it every time it happens . 
  and rajoy , bargaining independence agaisnt rajoy is like playing in easy mode , the guy has no guts at all . 
  i 'm with you , mas is for 4 more years of governance and economic independence , not full blown independence . 
  in fact , far more people would go for a yes if `` independence '' meant federalization of spain ( of the entire thing , not just catalunya ) . 
  but here is the thing , rajoy is the president of spain and he 's proven himself useless and not capable of handling any crisis ( remember the plasma tv ? 
  ) , mas is playing a very clever game ( he has put himself the 4th in the coalition list but with the pat that he 'd be the president shall they win ) , he 's taken himself out of the public scrutiny and debates ( since its junquera whos leading the list ) , he just need to flex his muscles and rajoy will cave in . 
  all in all the real problem here is that we want what you have : a foral agreement in which we manage our money independently from the rest of spain . 
  likewise , the fact that inequity and poverty correlate with terrorism does n't negate that the actual terrorist that carry the attacks in the west world are more likely to come from wealthy families and with high education . 
  [ 15 of the 19 people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hijackers_in_the_september_11_attacks ) who highjakced the planes in 9/11 where from arabia saudi , you can click on their names to see their bios and education . 
  [ 3 of the 4 people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/7_july_2005_london_bombings ) involved in london bombings where born from pakistani inmigrants and had college education or where in the process of obtaining one . 
  the other one was a 18 years old jamaican converted to islam . 
  [ they do n't write so much information about madrid bombings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_madrid_train_bombings ) , the people who suicided before being detained and killed a geo in the process where [ 4 morocan , a tunisian suspected to be the leader and an algerian ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3560603.stm ), 
  they should have taken few seconds to define `` terrorism '' , since nowadays it seems it serves for everything , but still . 
  saudi arabia has a lot of inequity and they produce most of the terrorist which have to do with islam , yet , the perpetrators , are people from well off families with higher education . 
  these papers say nothing to prove or refute my point , you are just arguing a differe n't point i had not touched or made mention to , which is also valid . 
  also these papers find a strong correlation with population and terrorism . 
  i 'd rather like to see a paper with the numbers and backgrounds of actual islamic terrorists that made an actual attemp at an attack to a western power , which would make more sense in the context of the topic . 
  no you 've got it wrong . 
  will they radicalize ? 
  probably , will they become `` terrorist '' ? 
  unlikely . 
  take a look at any terrorist attack commited by muslims , nearly all of the mcome from saudi arabia , most of them come from well off families and they have higher education . 
  being poor puts you in a situation in which having food and basic necesities takes a lot of your time , there is little time for revenge when you are too busy to keep yourself and you family feed .
