  the migrants would stay on the shouth if it was n't in shambles . 
  they did before 2008 . 
  there is simple no work and no social benefits anymore , so there is nothing really for them in the south , why would anyone want to stay ? 
  they 've already done the hardest part , just a little more effort and you can get to a nicer country . 
  italy , greece and spain have always been the arrival point for migrants from north africa and it has n't been a problem for you guys until now that the migrants dont see the southern countries appealing enough , all at the same time the southern countries economies is in shambles as to deal with the problem . 
  before it was just `` our problem '' , now it 's `` everyone 's problem '' , thats what the eu is about right ? 
  besides , what can we do ? 
  torpedo the rafts ? 
  neutrality does n't uphold all by itself, 
  what about ice ? 
  its because it happened mostly in northen ireland and not great britain , great britain is the big island of the archipielago , its a common misconception . 
  there was [ 7 bombings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_bombings_during_the_northern_ireland_troubles_and_peace_process ) and that doesnt include the multiple other stuff that happened in the direct conflict between irish and uk 's forces and what not , plus the attasck that happend in great britain . 
  peak of violence in the conflict with things like the [ bloody sunday ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_sunday_ ( 1972 \\ ) ) exacerbating [ the problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#1970s ), 
  olympic games at munich with the infamous hostage taking and killing of the israel olympic team by palestinian terrorists . 
  and the ira . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thqbja2dc-e ) explains the international `` rights '' for airlines and the national vs international difference thing . 
  only difference is that our president does n't take it as factual news, 
  its a commom missunderstanding , just because catalunya and basque country have strong independent movements that they where somehow punished harshly by franco or w/e , when this is not the case . 
  while the cultural repression was there ( as it was for all the country ) , one could tell that , arguably , both regions were among the ones that got `` better off '' as a whole ( note the quotes , i do n't think there were any winners from that era ) . 
  so yes , specially among upper classes ( the ones that benefited more from the dictatorship ) , there is plenty of nostalgics . 
  also lots of francoist minor symbols are leftover arround , they are removing them quicker now , but you still see them . 
  im talking about plaques in houses built by the goverment during the dictatorship and stuff , not big monuments or w/e , but funnily enough you see them more arround here that in madrid . 
  also plenty of fascism in both sides to be honest , and a great deal of xenofobia , a lot of effort is spent on the independentist side on fueling hate towards the rest of spain and it works , this in turn heats up the most extreme side of the unionists so it makes them more prominent in the scene , which in turn is used by the pro independence media to promote more hate and distance from the rest of spain ( because fascists ) , which in turn ... well , the snake that bites its own tail . 
  obviously most of the people is n't on the extremes , but now both sides extremists are feeling way too comfortable and their rethoric is bringing in more and more people , which is sad because it kinda forces everyone to pick a side and leaves little room for dialogue . 
  so does wind blowing from the desert , but claiming that changing the vehicle park to electric does n't help the problem because brakes and tires generate particles is quite a streech, 
  because i see them so often and are such an inconvenience to traffic maybe is why i 'm so biased towards these fucking vans , but i do n't know in which part of the city you are that you do n't see them stopping at every container to steal all the paper on the recycling container or stopping where people leave their shit to be taken by the council to scavenge first , but congratulations i suppose , for being far removed from such inconvenience ( next thing you tell me its you 've never seen one of these dudes hauling a bathtub and other junk in a shopping cart either ) . 
  take a sroll arround l'eixample and you 'll see plenty . 
  i drive daily across the city , and , as i stated , from my observation , a good significant number of them are vans and i 'm mostly going and coming in the rush hour . 
  you are not going to see many comercial vehicles operating after hours either , so that already cuts hours in favour of your argument . 
  still , these are my observations and are obviously biased . 
  furthermore , the best way to end polution is ending humanity . 
  but shorter from there , i stand by my opinion that its a better aproach to target first the comercial vehicles and then move from there , which is going to have greater impact than removing the older than 20 years cars . 
  you might think contrary , but as both of us are pulling the numbers out of own asses , neither is more right than the other . 
  as for the article , i 'll read it home in fulll because at the summary it does n't say anything about what you were talking about . 
  the burden of proof relies on you first to prove your `` fact '' , i 'll then follow suit finding the disputes . 
  or not , because maybe you are right , but you are coming right out the blue with it . 
  and , as i stated , i speak from my own observation , with all the errors it comes attached with , i 'm wondering were are you getting your numbers to make such solid statements . 
   electric cars still generate pm the study that made such claims was debunked a while ago and holds no more truth than the `` but what about buses '' argument . 
  or even less , because at least the busses do polute . 
  moving people arround polutes , buses in fact polute more than cars , but a full bus moves 100 people arround , so the emisions per person hauled arround is much less . 
  its the same as if you drive a full car with 5/7 people . 
  the problem ( polution wise ) is that there are too many empty seats in cars . 
  besides , there is much more to win in optimizing vehicles that run arround the most . 
  comercial vehicles make far more distance and are numerous enough as to start there . 
  paco going back and forth from home to work does polute , but it does polute much more when he 's driving arround dropping stuff each few blocks 8 hours a day than in the 20 minuts he spends going back and forth from home , and , for as much advanced drones we are using nowadays , i doubt they are reading the stickers from the sides of the vans to tell if they are private or comercial vehicles . 
  tackling on private car usage is barely going to scratch on the problem because people already drive as little as they can get away with doing ( in barcelona at least ) . 
  little to be honest , while barcelona is a big city and therefore there is plenty of cars , i 'm willing to bet that , while significant , the polution that come from private car usage does n't hold a candle to the polution generated by the port ( arguably , the most important port of spain ) and the truck traffic the port generates , specially particles , which are the worst part health wise . 
  also , based purely on my observation , the car park of barcelona is n't that old , nevertheles the commercial fleet ( vans and small trucks ) has a number of units that are very past their due dates , specially those from junk scavengers that are constantly circling arround for valuables on/next to the containers or vehicles from construction companies . 
  if these get caught in the ban , maybe the effect could be noticeable . 
  i 've been shoping in different parts of france and the prices did n't seem outrageous or even unafordable to me , granted i have n't been checking up electronics or other `` luxury '' items , but basic living stuff , it is n't that big of a difference considering how much more extra money you guys make . 
  your salaries are twice what we have here and the cost of life is n't that much bigger . 
  next time use [ this ] ( https://s0.dia.es/medias/h7e/he8/8894343643166.jpg ), 
  exactly , nothing new , why would n't we wary of these people ? 
  we have n't shut them down so far and it does n't seem like we will be doing that anytime soo , so whats the point you are trying to make ? 
  since most of europe `` alternative '' right its financed by russia , one starts to wonder where does the loyalty lies , it has little to do with `` point of view '' . 
  just leave your car back at germany , specially in new year 's eve . 
  i would n't eat a [ canap\u00e9 ] ( http://www.conforama.es/dormitorios-y-colchones/colchones/canapes ) but they are quite practical if you have little space at your bedroom, 
  remember the last time it snowed , i do n't think people would want to relive that xd, 
  [ the train network ] ( http://www.ndr.de/fernsehen/sendungen/extra_3/realer-irrsinn-zu-hoher-bahnsteig-in-bad-bentheim,extra11592.html ) is also insanely accurate , they are able to tell you accurately in seconds with how much delay your train is arriving . 
  europeans do not buy more german cars than french , swedish or romanian . 
  germany tops the luxury car market , but it is n't by far the most bought cars among the plebs , specially as you move further away from germany . 
  webdevelopers and the customers they work for are two very different entities . 
  if the customer says he wants a fucking pop up despite how much you try to talk him out of it , that 's what you are going to get as an end user . 
  why would they if every other website there have them anyway ? 
  what are they to win ? 
  you dont need sessions to store languages , you can do it with an old fashioned cookie . 
  the session stores a cookie in the browser with the session id , so its still `` tracking '' ( you can recognice a session if its coming back ) , same difference really , sessions are even more `` invasive '' , if you want to say so , since it provides more acurate to track if , for instance , you have changed ip and what not . 
  you cant access the user browser for anything , the only thing you know about the browser is their identification string , which is a bunch of lies about who they really are and are quite difficult to even tell what browser it actually is . 
  i do n't even want to think how 'd they get arround to `` standarize '' that crap and worse even , how 'd they get to implement it . 
  there are , but why risk a fine if all you have to put is a small bar at the top/bottom of your page . 
  i once made a super simple page for a law firm that used no cookies at all ( did n't even have facebook share or w/e ) , they demanded to add the warning anyway `` just in case '' . 
  but thats irrelevant anyway , because the law was retarded to begin with , something as simple as to remember what language you want to see the web on has to be stored on a cookie , otherwise you 'd have to change the language everytime you refreshed the page . 
  that is `` keeping track of your preferences '' without warning , so it already requires a warning . 
  its stupid . 
  besides as soon as you add a social network share button to the page you already are including all of facebook and what not bullshit , tell me how many pages out there have no `` like us on facebook '' buttons ? 
  not that many . 
  the goddamed warning was bound to be everywhere even if applied strictly following the directives . 
  is ammo as easy to find as vodka ? 
  thanks for not reading me !, 
  the only one that have said that the parliament is involved in any of this its you . 
  anyway , in either case , whether we are idependent or not , i think its far better to pretend we deffinately get along super well with our bussines partners rather than rustling their jimmies just in case they decide to fuck us for no reason . 
  man the eu parliament is the shit you and me vote for and represent the european citizens , one would assume you 'd at least get that one right , its the easy one ... what are you talking about anyway ? 
  the commision is made by one minister appointed by each country which then are arranged in one department , then approved by teh parliament . 
  the pressident of the commision is directly appointed by the european council , which is a fancy way to say the heads of the state of each country , which orders him the direction the policies have to take and thus the comission write the laws that will go into vote on the parliament . 
  which is irrelevant ( even if you got it wrong ) in any case , because the day to day work of the eu does n't have anything to do with the admision of new members . 
  to quote :  a country wishing to join the eu submits a membership application to the council , which asks the commission to assess the applicant 's ability to meet the copenhagen criteria . 
  the first hurdle to enter europe is n't the comission , or the parliament that for some obscure reason you thought i was refering to , meaning our application would go directly into the hands of rajoy . 
  france does n't have to veto us , simply does n't have to support us , our extensive list of friends in the eu is rather short ( no one ) and our efforts are being strongly put into making everyone uncomfortable arround us . 
  so we have 0 friends , 1 slightly pissed off neighbour and a fucking bananas old landlord . 
  oh btw , i 'm giving for granted we meet the copenhagen criteria , because otherwise that 'd be a fail of independence declaration , but it would n't matter because the application would n't go that far anyway . 
  foreign politics are not fairy tale like as you might want them to look in your head , if you do n't believe so , ask greece about macedonia eu application and get back to me on why this statement of yours :  france wo n't veto us for that silly statement holds any more strenght than its opposite . 
  you do n't know how the eu works right ? 
  whatever they decide it has to be unanimously agreed by all state members . 
  if spain says no , its no , if france says no , its no . 
  you do n't negotiate with individual states , but ultimately , before any action is taken , they all have to agree , no majorities or shit . 
  joining the club only happens if everyone is on board with you . 
  and if you think you can bendover a `` weak '' country in the block to fall in to place , i would gladly like to point to greece as an example on why all your grand talks about the eu are not going to happen . 
  did you read the informe released by the govern about the chances of catalonia joining the ue ? 
  im not going to bother to enter into details of whether the easy or complicated way is going to happen , but i 'm going to hightligh what they said in the text but tiptoed about in the talk , which is the fucking `` unanimously '' word . 
  making spain `` fall in to place '' , hard , but i buy it , make france `` fall into place '' ... yeah , keep dreaming .
