  the sensible thing would be to do that when we do n't need france 's support that much , like , for instance , after independence and we are in the eu , but hey . 
  we are going to have a terrible time if we ever get to play with the big boys . 
  the time flies when you are having fun was a about that despite i recalled it happening last month actually happened 2-3 months ago , just that time went fast for me . 
  the relevant part about catalan politics is the lack of tact we have when it comes to exterior politics . 
  when so much of the talk of the govenr is `` europe will make spain fall into place '' , we really suck at making friends at the eu . 
  we already pissed the 2nd largest powerhouse of the eu , we might aswell aim high and piss the 1st one too ( sorry uk , you voted out ) . 
  where did i say there was something wrong ? 
  sorry i missplaced the dates , the resolution was actually in october and france 's protest in november , time flies when you are having fun : http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2016/11/08/actualidad/1478607762_663024.html, 
  we should hurry the govern to make a statement about this so we can piss off germany too like we did last month with france 's southern region . 
  catalonia parlament is far from left lean , at least not as clearly as to draw such conclussions . 
  cdc or however they finally decide to name mas ' party , has fallen from grace , but arguably they control jxs policy and they are head of goverment , and while it 's not right , its deffinately center-right . 
  one could argue that in national elections esquerra has swept but still , nowadays , the parlament looks like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_parliamentary_election,_2015#/media/file:parliament_of_catalonia_election,_2015_results.svg ) , meaning that , in the end , about 28 % is left leaning , and thats counting the psc , if we add up the esquerra part of jxs , dou they are pretty much bound to the policies cdc dictate , but w/e , thats about 40 % of the parliament is left leaning . 
  can we already stop the lie that we are left leaning ? 
  we did elect the least left leaning parlament we 've ever had . 
  and thats infuriating , because we are basking in a success we have n't had , its delusional , i 've even heard people argue that mas is left leaning . 
  maybe our problem is that we are so far into the right that ciu seemed left leaning . 
  more likely , i guess if you tell yourself a lie long enough you end up believeing it . 
  talking about barcelona , you could laugh about the smear campaign against podemos in the national level compared to what the couincil is getting . 
  dou , there is plenty of shit coming from the national press towards barcelona mayor aswell , pretty much every local group has given its back to her , including esquerra or the cup , supossedly left leaning parties , moreso , csqp tend their hands to esquerra at the parlament to try and drive a more leftist social policy and they were refused . 
  oh , btw , small piece of unrelated trivia , jxs logo was made by a dude from madrid . 
  i think federalization would be the best solution , followed by further autonomy in a basque like deal , as of today i think independence would be disastrous , but thats just my opinion . 
   thanks for reinforcing my point . 
  there 's no equivalent the other way around . 
  really ? 
  you 've never heard the word `` charnego '' said ? 
  you know what words have other regions of spain for people from other regions of spain who inmigrate there ? 
  none at all ... 
  figures . 
  you should know better that catalonians are n't innocent victims being bullyied by bad rest of spain , we 've done our share to earn a huge part of it by being morons towards people that have done nothing to us , or worse , towards our own population just because they come from somewhere else . 
  not to talk about the mental gymnastics that some cup members do demonstrating under the slogan `` refugees yes , spaniards no '' . 
  selective xenophobia , because of course , but hey , i guess we both agree some cup members have some screws loose . 
  also , according to your map , half of catalonia voted for a `` mainstream party '' , most notably barcelona , who , by the way , should be singing the `` catalunya ens roba '' song , since the inequity between the taxes barcelonians pay and receive from the generalitat its far greater than the money `` espanya ens roba '' . 
  i know , this is how most states work , of course , the richer regions finance the poorer ones , it 's just fun how people does n't give a shit and recite propaganda as fact anyway . 
  the growth of the independentist movement in the late years has a simpler explanation , it seemed like a good alternative to get out of the crisis , and certainly is was sold like that . 
  people are convinced it would be all like always but with more money . 
  people does n't think we 'll lose our eu status post independence , they 've been convinced by sweet words our politicians shot out of their mouths that we will still be using the euro afterwards , they 've been brouth up with hopes based not on fact , but in feelings . 
  our goverment is ill prepared to run us as a country , the only thing they 've planned for is tax collection ( heh , stereotypes ) , for the rest , we do n't know , but we are sure as hell its going to be fine , do n't ya worry and stop asking questions , filthy facha . 
  much like brexit , the uk people were sold they could sell the cake and eat it too , and as it turns out , it 's far more complicated than that . 
  feelings do n't feed people , what if we crash land into independence so bad that we beg to return to spain so we can keep sucking from the ffca at low interest rates because our credit score is garbage ? 
  what if we have to give up our hard earned autonomies because we rush into a project we half assed about , even worse with less than half the population on boat with it ? 
  support for independence is dropping again , not by a lot as to say `` hey , lets forget this ever happened '' but enough as to have cup ask for some swift push forward before the support drop , because taking such a drastic decition based on a seasonal opinion is deffinately the way to go . 
  there is a profound victimization of ourselves going on and little to no accountability to what our politicians say and do , there are independentist there that have common sense and ask for some of these securities , and , as you say , would vote for independence or would like to be in a independent catalonia , but they wo n't because they feel we ca n't hold on our own , or simply , because an independent catalonia is not worth risking economic despair . 
  the only way for a independent state with some chance of success in the mid term is a friendly breakup with spain , but that 's not going to happen , neither spain , much less under pp rule , neither our politicians , because having the central goverment as scapegoat has worked wonders to fuck us in the ass and get away with it since forever . 
  according to spanish tourists , you should label all those places : `` do n't know how to properly make a god dammed tortilla '', 
  he was a master of bait and switch , selling independence in catalonia while at the same time getting in bed with pp in madrid and he played his game well enough for his benefit . 
  hindsight its always 20/20 , maybe in a few years we 'll look back and think of puigdemont the same way as pujol . 
  or maybe not , there was faith in pujol at the time aswell . 
  the only people who call catalans polacos are football fans/hoolligans and the producers of that program we have called polonia . 
  if you want to call despectively a catala , you 'd use catalufo . 
  as you might have too have a reading problem , or maybe its me with a redactability one , as we are not conducting our debate in our native tongues , you said telemadrid is ( or was ) a clumsy propaganda tool , i 'm going to tell you what happened to telemadrid , it went under . 
  guess people have better things to watch than propaganda , figures . 
  anyway , thats out of the scope of the conversation , telemadrid was one way for propaganda as there are plenty of others , my point was that there is propaganda there as much as it is here . 
  it might even be worse here , since the rest of spain does n't have to care 24/7 about independence . 
  in you original comment you made appear as if propaganda was only happening elsewere about us , but its more insidious here , where there is a burning need of painting the rest of spain as far removed from us as possible . 
  the rest of the text was , to refer to this bit of yours :  just look at the last elections results by province . 
  it 's a fucking shame of a country . 
  our elections were just a grittier preview of the spanish ones , we took forever to agree on our presupuestos , we were this close ( 1 vote apparently if the cup assemblies are to be trusted ) of having mas of president again , my point its not wether these were better or worse , its that we are doing exactly the same we criticize the rest of spain from . 
  and no , corrupt politicians do n't get judged in spain , at least not too harsly . 
  they wo n't in the republic of catalonia either , specially since they get to build the system and give themselves full inmunity as the draft for the proc\u00e8s reads . 
  as about regional parties , catalonia is far from the only autonomy one with strong regional parties , not even all of them which have majority regional parties are even independentist regions , so what ? 
  besides , ciudadanos did n't do that bad on the last elections and its a party born in catalonia , so whats your point ? 
  as you say , its a fuckin shame of country , and we , catalonians , are so like the rest of it , that it hurts you believe otherwise . 
  i live in barcelona , i 've lived plenty of time outside of catalonia aswell as to say that you are so deep in propaganda that you should have started to figure some things out already . 
  you know everyday in madrid citizens wake up and expend at least half an hour of mandatory catalonia bashing before heading to work , you get fined if you do n't say something anti-catala . 
  thats sarcasm of course , they do n't give a shit either . 
  or in andalucia , or wherever , people have enough shit to go by in their day to day as to worry on hateing people on the other end of the country . 
  what you see on tv when they say how say , anti-catalonian madrid people are its called propaganda , pick a minor shit , make a mountain out of it for political gain . 
  it goes the other way too , whenever one of these morons of the parlament releases one of their nice and compeling statements towards the southerner people , you bet in telesur they are showing the shit out of it for political points aswell . 
  its fucking propaganda , only made it worse by the fact it is working , and it is mostly your fault . 
  talking about the elections , our own `` president '' comes from a corrupt party who has demostrably engaged in some of the most outrageous corruption schemes this country has seen , party which by the way , have been voted to irrelevance in the national elections , but which has been able to keep relevant by merging with the other independent parties in a single party that should trigger on us more repulsion than a pp-psoe merger , vomiting out more and more right side politics with the cup dropping their pants each time , maybe because they are too busy burning photos of the king or w/e to actually engage on some social politics . 
  what fucking shame of country are we talking about ? 
  maybe there would n't be such a rethoric if catalan 's pro independence parties would focus so much on dropping shit on people of such regions and how they are usseless and we have to pay for all their caprices while they lay on their backs for the whole day . 
  reap what you sow and blah blah . 
  the problem would n't exist if there was n't such rethoric in cataluyna , so then again , what ? 
  we are the victims again and they are so anti-catalan , but when we say those things we are just joking or what ? 
  if catalonians are being lied about independence we get on the whole brexit shit again . 
  we are being told that spain is dragging us down and that getting ride of them would only empower us , when the reality is far from that , or rather , far more complicated . 
  besides , independence have a huge following , but its not bigger than the other side , but the things we let happen in the name of it are shameful . 
  what makes you believe catalonia is n't going to get in a worse crippling recession ? 
  and what does have spain to win from secession ? 
  time its something there is in abundance , if independence happens ( and holds ) , which is unlikely , but anyway , lets do the whole mental excercise , spain could demand in exchange right of passage and give nothing in exchange , or they could claim some part of catalonia are not really catalonia , drawing borders is a complicated mess , and it could get as messy as the politicians are willing to make it . 
  spain has the upper hand because of the old and reliable `` bigger army '' policy . 
  have you heard about the might of the catalonian army ? 
  all i 've heard in all this fucking time is trias saying once `` ehhh ... we should deffinately have an army '' , 0 plans to implement it though . 
  this does n't mean war , ofc , it just mean that `` in exchange of letting you be , we will take this '' . 
  as for bargaining with the eu , if you did n't know , the eu block is one of the toughtest to deal against , and we wo n't be on a possition of power , since there is n't that much to win . 
  specially on a hot potato that makes uncomfortable and lays territorial claims on france , we dont have oil , we do n't have a a cheap manufacturing powerhouse built . 
  we depend on spain and eu market far more than they depend on us . 
  trading at default wto rates will set back our economy further back than spain 's . 
  its time to call out the bluff already , we ca n't afford independence , we just want fiscal independence , thats why the only state department we have fully planned for is the taxes collection agency and why there is so much backtracking among politicians . 
  the problem is that they are selling we have a strengh we do n't really have , or actually , we really have that strenght , but it only makes sense within spain or the eu , whithout a friendly spain there is no eu . 
  no corruption int the parlament , its all the evil central goverment you moron !, 
  spain has nothing to win from secession , so it 's not going to let it happen . 
  the importance of our ports will become irrelevant when we leave , they just have to buff up valencia , if they have to invest a bit somewhere else , they will . 
  moreso if they can stick it up to `` those catalufos '' . 
  neither spain and certainly not france are going to drop their pants for catalunya , we have nothing to offer valuable enough to compensate for the headache . 
  be careful with those dreams of grandeur , you might end up believe we are bigger than we actually are , specially when independence takes out why we are such an important part of the economy : that we are the best gate to enter europe ( and spain ) on the western mediterranenan . 
  i hope we also get rid of the daylight saving time bullshit aswell while we are at it . 
  yes thanks , i could n't remeber where it came from . 
  i watched a video about airlines regulations recently that stated that , depending on nation , the sovereign airspace goes up to 50miles-90miles high .
