  have you forgotten about all the mas drama despite of the fact that even he was the 5th of the list that people voted ? 
  but yeah , we are very clever and see far ahead of this kind of stuff , not like all other spaniards that ca n't see past their nose . 
  technically an absolute non hereditary monarchy . 
  the eu is a democracy only club tho . 
  a girl with a surprise ? 
  indeed !, 
  my parents had a portable net kit and was a sport to go when we went on camping in the 90 's ... maybe it is that we are old ? 
  i think brexit would be better that the uncertainty that there is now . 
  while i do n't think brexit is better for the uk or the eu in general , delaying the triggering ( or the not triggering ) of the art 50 will only harm british economy , since they 'll be left out of long term eu projects ( research is taking the biggest hit ) while at the same time , they ca n't get to a new agreement to address the relationship they 'll have with the bloc in the future . 
  while we can not anticipate what will brexit bring , it certainly will at least stablish a framework to work from . 
  now there is nothing , not even the certainty of brexit . 
  at this rate , next up he 'll trim his moustache and lose some more hair and start packing people into trains to summer camps . 
  is it ? 
  have you been in the future ? 
  he clearly says he 's speculating , but you seem to have some info we do n't . 
  i do n't believe in this particular case saying what the referendum result does will have any pacifying effect . 
  having a 50-50 split is a perfect recipe for inestability and disaster . 
  trying to reach a consensuated decition or campaining a second time to get more people on boat would be the sensible thing to do , nothing comes out good out of pissing off 50 % of your population . 
  democracy is the worst system , except for all the other ones we have tried . 
  and , besides , the referendum was n't legally binding so they can sweep their asses with it if they want to and it 'd be still democracy . 
  thats the beauty of the system / s whatever decition comes at the end , half of the uk is going to be pissed about it . 
  the result went 52 % -48 % with a turnover , that means 600,000 people tipped the scale towards yes for over 65 million people , which is a fitht of what seemed like a lot to you . 
  with a result like this you do n't start a process which will affect your country in such a way and for so long , you 'd have to work something more of a consensuated solution or something like that and vote again until you have a clear winner , that would be the sensible thing . 
  not have a solution which , whatever way it goes , fucks with half of the country . 
  but no , we have to be hand tied because `` democracy '' , but god forbid there is a second referendum because that 'd be extremely antidemocratic ... whatever , remember , there was people in the usa who voted to forbid gay marriage on their state , and what happened , they got told to fuck off and take it and shove their democratic vote up their ass , and rightfully so . 
  democracy is extremely flawed since it relays on the whim of the majority , if you do n't see the flaws , there ca n't be an improvement . 
  so said that , i do n't know any other method that works , so for now democracy it is , but just because there is no better system ( yet ) it does n't mean we ca n't call out its flaws . 
  for once because turkey has not bitch slapped with a divorce , eu 's attitude towards the uk is stern and i 'm happy with that , but not hostile . 
  besides on the 200 deaths , supposing the coup was an actual coup , what can you do ? 
  in fact , now that erdogan is goign the stalin way , they are being told off on the situation and they are threatened with dropping for good the anexation talks . 
  unless the coup was actually staged by erdogan ( which could be a very real possibility , but stil lthere is no solid evidence ) , how can you put the 200 kills against the goverment ? 
  yes you could hold up the deaths that happened after the surrender to them , but most people died on the combat that went during the coup , you ca n't blame that on the goverment . 
  what condemnation has the uk received ? 
  because as far as i can tell it 's been , `` well , okay if thats what you want , we 'll respect it '' , the only thing they 've been asked is not to take forever on triggering art 50 and thats about it . 
  thats a lot of conditionals , but i guess that 's why you work for the devil . 
  i mean , if scotland voted yes in 2014 it would be a deffinately out of the eu option , if they voted no , they were voting for a `` uhhhh maybe , most likely '' , so it makes sense to have another referendum to solve that last uncertainity , right ? 
  spain will block scotland unless scotish independence is an agreement between both the uk and scotland . 
  spain will not recognize a unilateral independence of scotland and much less accept them in the eu , for a real life example , check kosovo . 
  rajoy has already stated aswell that if the uk goes , so does scotland so its unlikely that spain would n't veto scotland remaining in the eu if the rest of the uk decides to leave . 
  we also are most likely looking at 4 years more of rajoy , and what he lacks on competency he makes up on stubborness and silly quotes . 
  there is not such a huge difference between brexit and brestaying as to warrant this quote :  it 's going to be one hell of a shit show if a region of 5 million gets to override the entire country of over 65 million on a matter decided in a national referendum . 
  it was n't a 90-10 win , it was close to the 50-50 , besides people would certainly vote differently if brexit meant also the rupture of the uk . 
  besides , democracy is totally overrated tbh , and a voting means shit anyway , people can change opinion , right ? 
   you just ca n't guarantee something like that . 
  well , they run on a campaing that promised such guarantees , so technically not only they can , but they did . 
  i mean , to preserve the `` democratic integrity '' they could have another referendum on wether or not trigger art . 
  50 , could n't they ? 
  no , the thing with the people living 10km away is that they are not getting paid for having the turbines in their lands , so they go `` if its not going to be us , it 'll be nobody '', 
  while the `` horizon polution '' could make more or less sense ( it would n't be the first time i heard it ) , there is a point to prefer another kind of plant since , for the same amount of power , any other kind of traditional power generation takes far less space . 
  besides , if the windmills cast shadow over residential areas the spinning blades will make the sunligth flicker for those on the shadow , this triggers several health issues like migraines and headaches and , most importantly , pisses people off a lot . 
  also the windmills produce a constant humming which , while does n't have direct impact on health , it does , infact , causes people to get pissed about a noise they dont want to hear . 
  in all , windmills are useful and shit , but you ca n't just placing them wherever , much like you would n't place a coal plant in downtown amsterdam . 
  also i think that , as solid ground is a priced state in the nl , putting those windmills in the middle of the sea is a far better approach , like the danish or brittish do . 
  fun fact , the queen on chess was n't always the powerful piece is today , it could only move diagonally and 1 square at a time in the original game , so what made it the most powerful piece on modern chess ? 
  during the spanish `` reconquista '' , the armies were stuck at the city of baza in a siege that had been lasting for too long and there were fears that they 'd have to retreat unable to complete the retaking of granada . 
  news got to queen isabel , who was at the time in jaen who thought the troops should n't go back . 
  so she rode to baza , upon arrival the morale of the spanish troops went up the roof while the defending troops ' took a huge hit . 
  the spanish army took the city and kept marchin south to retake the whole penninsula . 
  from then on , the chess queen mechanic was changed to what we know today , she can move in any direction and as many squares as she needs . 
  you ca n't vote to invest mas and call yourself leftist ffs , he ran 5th of the damm list and he almost got invested had it not been for the half of the cup with some integrity to it 's views . 
  i know i know i was just poking fun at ya !, 
  i started being `` politically active '' at 14 years old and i always had a blast at demonstrations , and no , i know what you are thingking , but we never burned anything . 
  i also came out with the conclusion that they are useless , but thats a whole different story . 
  i 'll word it differently and see if it helps : as in the last parliamentary elections it was about `` yes or no to the independence '' rather than `` left or right '' we 've been left with a catalan parliament which has 21 deputies which are purely leftist . 
  what part of it is not true ? 
   ... like any other democratic country ? 
  so all of this discusion reach to the point i made in the first comment . 
  you could have agreed back there . 
   the non-independentist left is fucked , i 'll give you that . 
  what a pity . 
  that means you are not going to have a left wing goverment in catalonia because you need cdc or however they 'll call themselves in the next election . 
  even if by an act of magic tomorrow we wake up in a functioning independent catalunya , you 'd still have a wide majority of right wing seats on the parliament . 
  there is no winning for the left , and independentism is n't helping it , sorry . 
  because there is not such a thing as a temporary stay of few years before going back to your country . 
  protests are fun !, 
  playing tag with the police makes that playground shit look booring . 
  calling nationalism independentism is not any better than calling it patriotism like the americans do , no matter how much you want to distance from the word , it is what it is no matter how many layer of candy you put on top . 
  converg\u00e8ncia has been riding the `` independentist '' train forever , it gave them the `` espanya ens roba '' to do the stealing themselves and they could shit everything that went wrong on the central goverment . 
  it 's pretty obvious they never wanted the independence ( before all this thing , and even now they do n't seem that convinced to me ) , but boy they loved riding the `` we are totally going independent but no '' wave to both win independentist support and the non independentist one , no wonder people has got tired of them . 
  the left in catalunya is fucked because , like in all of spain , is extremely factured , the polarization brought by the independentism does n't help either , your options as left-leaner if you do n't want/care of independence is psoe ( we 'll strech the `` left '' definiton here a bit ) . 
  en comu gives you a `` it can go either way '' at best , so people go to the right . 
  where do you think c 's has got all this following ? 
  pp is up again , because ... well because democracy clearly does n't work . 
  man , you should take a walk arround the south coast of spain . 
  the coalition is only half of the parliament . 
  in any case , face it , catalonia has always tilted to the right and this whole nationalism probably has something to do with it . 
  it is , specially in `` la espa\u00f1a profunda '' ( hillbilies ) , the church still holds al ot of power and privileges , but most catholics are not hardcore and the non-religious numbers are on the rise , specially in the cities . 
  also , particulary in madrid , during the booming years of the housing bubble , when chueca became the `` gay neighbourhood '' it went from being one of the trashiest neighbourhoods of madrid to one of the fanciest one , which people liked , even among the older generations , the $ $ $ $ that the gay pride parade brought ( madrid 's parade has always been a big deal ) also `` opened '' some of the conservative minds that had any doubt yet . 
  the reason you are independentist is why we have in catalunya the parliament with most right wing ministers in history . 
  c'mon , try a different thing . 
  ahh yeah , i remember those pre euro days in which the uk was at war with other european power every time tey could !, 
  fine times indeed !!!, 
  you 're right tho , you 'll probably keep exisiting after the fact , albeit i have my doubts you are going to be as comfortable as you were in the eu . 
  the rich people are going to be fine tho , no need to worry !, 
  i had a teacher who extended that telling that you either voted or did n't but burned the world down until you were heard , and no pussy complaining he remarked . 
  it does n't happen as often , but i 've have it happen to me when i was like 8 , i was taking languaje classes after school when we heard a loud bang that rocked the building . 
  turns out there were some works in a vacant lot a block away and they haduncovered a bomb from the civil war . 
  i 'm not sure why but the specialists decided to detonate it on place . 
  there was tons of people arround the aftermath bringing pieces of broken tiles from their homes and you could see many broken glass windows from the buildings directly facing the explosion . 
  fun times .
