  yeah , so populist and all whatever . 
  question now , why would we have to do that ? 
  after all , the jews were disliked because `` racism '' and the fact that they lent money , which was forbiden by christian faith , as opposed to the muslims which were conquerors . 
  i ca n't really see how it even compares . 
  and besides , we can choose what to be apologetic and all , right ? 
  i still havent heard a word of apology from the usa about cuba nor expect to . 
  this is why none ca n't do nice things , you do one and suddenly there is the ass who comes with the `` yes this x great , but why not also y '' when it has nothing to do one thing with the other . 
  also germany seems super apologetic with the jews ( for , lets say , fair reasons ) still it feels merkel its a bit assholish towards spain despite of the fact that the luftwaffe practiced the blitzkrieg all over spanish skyes back in the civil war and helped franco sit in power and put spain behind europe another goo 35 years more than we already were . 
  each time a `` historic wrong '' is `` righted '' instead of celebrating it lets air all the wrongs that have n't been righted . 
  i 'm sure it will help to keep everything and everyone in the right spirits . 
  i do n't want to put russia capabilities in doubt , but , technically , they 'd be hosting 2 world cups at once , since i doubt at this point they 'd drop the fifa wc . 
  fifa probably would run the wc without the uefa teams because it has to , so russia would find themselves with 2 tournaments going . 
  i 'm sure putin would love the publicity stunt , but i do n't think its that good idea . 
  they certainly arent independentist, 
  bc -11 seats cs ' - 5 psc - 4 pp - 3 total : 23 seats  21 seats needed for absolute majority . 
  maybe they were just upvoting you being rude , how can you tell ? 
  people upvote racist stuff also , does n't make it any more right , wrong , better or worse . 
  barcelona does n't want to secede much as it would appear , independentist candidates took a huge hit this last 23 of may when unionist won the majority of seats on barcelona 's council , as it turns out the capital of the `` country '' is n't that independentist . 
  so some people want to secede , they are numerous , specially in upper classes , and the main reason is money , catalonia would rather not contribute to the spanish archs if possible and manage the money itself without the central govern getting its nose in the middle . 
  no it does n't , health and education are competences of catalonia and , they are in fact in catalan , what catalonia lacks that bother the `` independentists '' of ciu and company its economic independence , like the basque country does . 
  you should try to improve your grammar in your coments then because while the sarcasm is there , the subject its clearly / u/sofronizador, 
  well , it was an unbinding consultation so , the output would n't have counted anyway . 
  it was more like `` we are going to say yes but we would like to poll how you feel about it just for giggles '' . 
  well that 's not that weird , spain 's courthouses also have universal jurisdiction , which means , anyone can bring a plea to them no matter where the crime was commited . 
  this is not as fun as it might seem , since its usually a diplomatic bomb , some notable case is , for instance , the trial against chile 's dictator pinochet . 
  square in the middle of mexico , duh !, 
  people might care , but i think that when choosing between helping ukraine and angering russia , they rather go with the former . 
  your argument reminds me of those who try to argue when rape its not rape . 
  russia is at war with ukraine , they have even taken a good chunk of their territory ( crimea anyone ) and are in the process of taking as much of the east as they can afford to take . 
  there are russian troops fighting in ukraine with russian vehicles , artillery and tanks . 
  the russian airforce does n't need to be commited because why bother , its not like the ukrainian airforce can get past the russian sam batteries . 
  russia is fighting a war on ukraine and they are figthing it the way they want to , and they are being pretty successful so far . 
  its like football , the only important championships and cups are the ones you win . 
  you spy only if they are more technology advanced , if they discover you doing it , you take the oportunity to declare war and conquer them . 
  at least that 's how i play civilization v. 
  that sucks , i always have lame luck with the dices . 
  til aqua are danish ... shame on me . 
  probably the most notorious version is that remix they [ made for the american public ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xibym6g8tck ) / [ spanish version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9q2dosyt3i0 ) , which i 'm not sure if its beter or worse than the original, 
  i think every dictator ever has always thought they 've been the best thing to happen to their country since sliced bread . 
  i found it subtitled https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywv8vs23csc, 
   shortly before the coup attempt , ch\u00e1vez dismissed possible hostility from the united states , since `` times had changed . '', 
  he later `` changed opinion '' and in any case they are just allegations . 
  you know , for venezuela and all those central/south americans banana republics usa its a nice scape goat . 
  everything is either the usa to blame or the imperial colonialists fault . 
  nothing more trustworthy than the words of a dictator in need of something to put blame on the shortcomings of their country . 
  im not a fan of our current king , but i have to admit that the old one [ had his moments ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-gemvg_6ec ), 
  and when did the us depose ch\u00e1vez ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  edit : also lol @ chavez being `` democratically elected '' . 
  that depends at which side of the repression he sat at . 
  if its anything like spain , many of the people who where powerful before democracy held ( and holds ) a fair share of power after the dictatorship and some still do nowadays . 
  and if they do n't , their offspring is n't really having a bad time either . 
  the repression is n't that bad when you are being the opressor . 
  [ we do have a carrier too !!, 
  ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/juan_carlos_i_ ( l-61 \\ ) ), 
  there is no lack of blame , but the general speech seems to be to relieve greeks from any guilt as if they were mere victims of the situation . 
  well , maybe lying about their economic status to get into the euro was n't a good idea after all either . 
  they would ` nt be in this mess if they would n't have got in it themselves . 
  which means  as i could have read in similar studies , spain 's level is not very different from usas ' : there also 25 % of the people thinks the sun revolves arround the earth and instead of 30 , its 40 % the amount of people that thinks the dinosaur lived alongside ancient humans which raises the question of why are n't we the first superpeower . 
  anyway , there is also a platform giving lectures over some cash strapped universities that claim the earth is flat , so yeah . 
  and at least one galician woman claimed to [ own the sun ] ( http://www.lavozdegalicia.es/portada/2010/11/25/0003_8870636.htm ), 
  its not like you are behaving that good with your russian neighbours either . 
  just because gibraltar 's citizens whishes have to be heard does n't mean we have to be nice towards them . 
  its not like they are the greatest of neighbours anyway . 
  gibraltar comes handy when the goverment needs people something else to think about . 
  much like the falklands to the argentinians . 
   corruption : carlos ' son-in-law i\u00f1aki urdangar\u00edn is under investigation for embezzlement and money laundering and whats worse , his daughter scaped investigation by allegating ignorance on what she was doing . 
  it runs in the family , which niece it was that shoot himself in the foot ? 
  thats maybe debatable but , in any event , the man that made our contry a `` democracy '' is already retired and , to be honest , i do n't really conect with the new guy in charge . 
  maybe because he had been always there ever since i was born and all , i did n't mind the old king , but the new one ? 
  also people who 's been unemployed for too long have lost/run out the compensation they received from the state , so why bother to go through with the burocracy if you neither get money nor job with it ? 
  democracy is voting something and whatver takes the more votes wins , does n't need consensus . 
  what does this have to do with the goverment and all anyway ? 
  most of americans always bring the goverment up to w/e discussion they get into . 
  the french clearly . 
  tell that to those homosexuals that got voted out of their rights to marry . 
  i know , thats why i just pointed out the flaw but did n't list it in my short list of improvements . 
  i honestly would n't know how to tackle this issue . 
  we do n't recognize kosovo either , you can come in the eu and sit beside us . 
  we have sun , siesta , paella and corruption to spare . 
  i think you are right , besides pure democracy is just dictatorship of the majority , just check thos usa states that voted to ban gay marriage and won . 
  democracy at work right there , luckily it later was shot down by the federal goverment , but still . 
  minorities are at the will of the mercy of the majority . 
  also the vote of uneducated people count as much as the vote from educated people . 
  how people who can barely read be able to take decitions on science or , well , anything for that matter ? 
  also most democratic systems are rigged badly towards those who are in power . 
  in an effort to put less weight on a voter who does n't really want to work too much on their decition since they are not going to be held accountable for it , after you vote a few people , this few people appoints the people who occupy the rest of the branch of powers . 
  politicians elect judges and top police officials , how can they be independent ? 
  then again too independent branches would be hard to control . 
  who watch the watchers all over again . 
  voting should n't be secret , and voters should be held accountable for what their vote ( or lack of thereof ) is resposible of . 
  apart from that , to be honest , i cant think on a foolproof system that works for everyone , so its going to have to be democracy for the time being . 
  yeah yeah , we 'll get on it , but after the siesta . 
  different provinces in spain have different laws , different authorities , at least on a first instance . 
  i know what you mean , the border is there , but it is n't there . 
  when you go out a village there is a signal that tells you are no longer there and when you got into the next village there is a sign that tells you so and none calls that a border . 
  whats the difference ? 
  you hsould try to get away with the `` i thought that dutch people spoke many languajes ! '', 
  so what ? 
  if i use a regional flag like this guy it could get even worse , at least among the people of my own country .
