  and its his sentiment , i have n't had the feeling of my coment being ignored or judged because i 'm spanish ( and therefore lazy and corrupt ) . 
  its a case vs case scenario and flag flairs effect people differently . 
  its much like the uniform debate on schools , with the always classic justification `` so then kids do n't feel envy or inferior to kids that wear other stuff '' ... or you know , they just learn that there is people with different backgrounds but in the end they are all equal . 
  why ? 
  we are all citicens under the ue , what damage do the flag flairs do ? 
  it helps identify where in europe the poster is located , which helps to identify their point of view on the matter and adds deeper information about the views on the topic at hand . 
  like for instance , lets say there are two people discussing about the greek goverment , one with a german flair and the other one with a greek flair . 
  now this two people may agree on supporting or criticising the topic at hand but they 'll probably do with subtle diferences as one is living under that goverment and the other is seeing it from outside but still influenced by it on their lives . 
  the flair helps identify each point of view ( both perfectly valid , eachas a inside observer and the other as a outsider observer ) and keep track of it better than each having to state where they are from and the rest of us remember it along the way . 
  also it helps being more moderate in your responses . 
  if i see for instance that someone from , say , latvia is saying nonsense about spain , its easy to see that he might just be missinformed because of the distance ( as much as i might be about eastern europe ) and he means no bad . 
  also its cool to know where , more or less , people is from geographically . 
  rajoy is n't the best paid politician on spain , the mayor of barcelona , for instance , grosses out 140.000 $ a year . 
  dou ofc maybe that nop much of a problem , because whenever rajoy retires , he 'll be on some electricity board that pays him 300.000 $ a year for doing nothing , which , to be fair , is actually his speciality, 
  i think its pretty clever that there is no text on the spanish hymn , that way none forgets the lyrics in the rare event that it 's played and there is no drama if someone does n't sing it . 
  win-win if you ask me . 
  well , only time will tell . 
  i do n't think thats an option , it 'd drive the english crazy . 
  lets face it , ue without spain 's approval is unlikely . 
  however we win that aproval its going to be between spain and us and none else . 
  i 'm not saying it is good for spain , but lets face the facts , how many good decitions is capable rajoy of doing ? 
  and , for some reason , i do n't hold much faith in the next pp candidate either , whoever it is . 
  no , syriza is a left party , catalunya tends to lean slightly to the right . 
  mostly center , but tilted to the right . 
  in the end is all about money , honestly . 
  there are people who have the `` sentimiento catal\u00e1n '' in the independent movement , but most of them are there for the money . 
  if catalunya would have been given economic autonomy like the basque country has , there would n't be so much animosity . 
  people here give mas too much credit . 
  he just wants to hold on power . 
  now its independence flavoured , when given the need he becomes more unionist with `` autonomies '' . 
  w/e it takes to hold the seat . 
  but thats my opinion anyway . 
  [ spain is not the only eu member that does n't recognize montenegro ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_kosovo ) , and it 's not alone in the world , not by a long shot . 
  anyway , the point is that spain does n't have to concede its position just because europe says no . 
  if madrid says catalunya is not a country it is not and therefore they can veto its entry to the ue . 
  germany ( and the rest of the ue except greece ) can say catalonia is the countriest country but spain does n't have to hear it or change its opinion . 
  thats how it works , it sucks , but ask greece 's neighbours about it . 
  as i said , montenegro . 
  and remember , spain went to war to help them out , still it did n't sit well that they would become independent from serbia . 
  we bombed that shit as early as 1999 . 
  we never ever recognized them as country and we never will . 
  and they are not going to be in the eu because of that . 
  and spain is not alone in this sort of thing . 
  my point is that it was the central goverment fighting the nazis and being helped by the russians . 
   no democratic country on europe ca n't deny it and even less thoose who have been recently formed the same way yes they totally can and they , in fact , do it constantly . 
  the only way they would change their opinion maybe is if there was some kind of agreement with the central goverment , and still , they would n't have to recognize catalonia . 
  a country becomes a country when the other countries recognize it as such , there is no sort of checklist that say when a country has to be recogniced as such . 
  on the other hand you do n't really need to be recognized by everyone , it probably is n't a big deal that botsuana does n't recognize us as country , but it could be problematic that spain does n't , since , you know , they have an army and we do n't . 
  also your newly issued catalonian passport is usseless in a country that does n't recognice your 's , not the biggest of problem for everyday people who does n't get out of their villages , but problematic in the end . 
  o god , the ones that opposed the central goverment . 
  it was the `` separatists '' that had the nazi help , just to remind you , 
  i do n't feel any lucky in a independent catalonia , or in a catalonialess spain for that matter . 
  if independence was declared i 'd probably fled barcelona and then spain alltogether . 
  shitty weather here i come !, 
  it did n't work in 1936 , do n't think it 'd work now . 
  and , forgive my lack of optimism for the situation , but i do n't picture mas as the leader that will lead catalonia to independence . 
  not that i want it either , but still , mas ? 
  no way . 
  thats naive , greece has been vetoing macedonia to enter the eu because they do n't like their name . 
  spain can veto any attempt by us to get in the eu as would any country with secesionist movements going on . 
  just look at montenegro . 
  well , in all fairness rajoy has been avoiding everyone all the time . 
  mas should have tried his luck with that plasma tv, 
  if you twist it enoguh , i bet you can somehow blame it on the inmigrants . 
  yeah , maybe you have a nice and well organiced police force , but here it goes that way . 
  people is more likely to burn dumpsters than cars and cops are more likely to [ push dumpsters towards parked cars ] ( http://www.8tv.cat/8aldia/videos/la-propietaria-del-cotxe-cremat-a-la-manifestacio-estudiantil-avui-a-8-al-dia/ ) . 
  there is plenty of evidence of the fact that there are police agitators trying to turn pacific demonstrations into something more ilegal that would justify police intervention . 
  maybe not in germany , but sure in barcelona happens a lot . 
  you can for instance check [ this coment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zg5m7/frankfurt_looking_like_a_warzone_right_now/cpipq35 ) by/u/false-name link of a group of `` violent manifestators '' that get scorted out by the police when cornered by the non-violent ones, 
  there was a case here in spain in which 2 policemen infiltrated a group and suggested them to use pvc tubes and tie their hands inside to form an unbreakable human chain ( which , unbeknown to the protestors , is ilegal both for safety and practical reasons ) . 
  they even went ahead and provided the tubes themselves to the protestors . 
  then the protest day came and they chained themselves with the tubes and bam !, 
  arrested and , this time , with a cause , which obviously was thrown out later on by a judge , because if there is a definition of entrampment , this is it . 
  and about 10 % of the violent ones are actually undercover policemen trying to encorage the demonstrators to commit violent or vandalizing acts to justify a police intervention . 
  someone important in russia got lost in an ikea and wanted some revenge . 
  eurovision is all about politics , not much about music tbh . 
  well , you can strech the definition of europe given the open nature of the definition of `` continent '' , but i still struggle to see how can we fit australia in all of this , really . 
  i dont think any rightwing politician has any issue with any constitutional flag , the basque flag is constitutional , so it somehow makes sense . 
  i think the problem is that he 's shady as fuck . 
  he only has his own interest in mind , he does n't have a firm stance on anything , one day he says one thing , the next it changes to the polar oposite , check his stance on abortion for instance , he 's already have had 5 different stances in this campaign . 
  he says and does what he feels is the best for the situation , he seems impulsive and out of control to me , at least you can see where clinton is going to be , with trump ? 
  it seems to me the kind of person to take an irrational beef with anyone who slightly buffs at him . 
  granted this is all fun and games in the usa since the congress can tie him down pretty well , but exterior politics is a field in which the president has a lot of room to maneuver , so whatever it is , we are going to eat the worst part of it . 
  its cool , i also take blame for not checking on something that would have been as easy as looking at a map , but you know ... 
  its the thing you put in the hot dog buns, 
  erdogan counts down upwise because , what are you going to do about it ? 
  i 'd point out that medical isotopes are not less radiactive that spent nuclear fuel , other than that , yep , pretty much boring coincidence . 
  because at that time you could put one brick on top of another for 2500 $ a month and people lack the foresight to think that they might actually need education sometime on the future , specially when you are making as much or even more than people with actual studies . 
  then everyone gets on the train and suddenly school is a waste of time : `` why keep going there , your retard cousing has just bought a brand new audi by pushing cement sacks up a ramp in the construction down the road '' . 
  and then the bubble pops and you have a massive amount of undereducated unemployed people who 's only skill in life is being able to pile up bricks . 
  who knows , maybe he had some beef with an employee or maybe is some sort of love misshap , like for instance he blew himself up in the bakery he met his ex-gf after she left him or something like that . 
  expeculation and all of that , but you know , there was this guy who feigned his dead to see if his gf cared for him , so it would n't surprise me that much, 
  [ afinsa/forum filat\u00e9lico ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afinsa ) suposedly you were buying stamps , but reality was that there was n't any stamps at all or they were hugely overpriced . 
  this was in 2006 . 
  edit : links are hard, 
  20 years ? 
  nobody will remember in 5 or even less as it seems people have n't even realized yet that the `` inmigration crisis '' is only a crisis because the migrants are moving north instead of staying in the southern states , the influx of migrants have been a thing since forever , it was just that they never went so far north since the southern economies were in better shape and made sense for the migrants to stay . 
  so could have done any other politician in any other european country or any other in germany before her , this has been going for longer than i can remember and comentary about rafts and racist/dark jokes about them where a thing i remember back from my childhood . 
  could have merkel done something ? 
  sure thing , but so could have done anyone else .
