well , the first trials were ... pathetic to say the least , she said `` i know nothing '' and here we are , charges dropped and i bet she will walk free while they hang the non-royal husband , and thats if there is consequences for him . 
  i bet its going to be much like b\u00e1rcenas , he was the treasurer of the pp party and it was his task to pay the party member their wages and their ... not so legit wages aswell . 
  what happened when everything was uncovered ? 
  everyone was appalled and they couldn ot believe how how how bad he was , he went to jail , the corrupt party member that received the payments got 0 time in jail . 
  sacrifice the messenger , keep doing your bussiness . 
  so yeah , i doubt the princess sees the jail bars from the inside . 
  you will get blind if you keep doing that, 
  well , the problem was n't the rise itself but the incline , which you can see is fairly more steep than the usa ( also usa ! = everywhere ) . 
  besides , average salary was more frozen than walt disney 's nuts . 
  in any event , liberalism wasnt invented by ansar of the republic of spain , he just was part of a current that swept the world . 
  in any case you can always [ watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwrbamtzugc ) . 
  the economy was fucked over by aznar on early 2000 's when the house pricing began to rise , for what 's psoe to blame its to not be able to put a stop to it , sometimes problems take several legislatures to build up and explode . 
  in any event if pp had to `` clean the mess '' , it would be nice to see rajoy go to the closet and actually grab the broom , because its about time to start doing something , its almost 3 years of legislature and nothing have been done yet , unless someone frome europe has told us to . 
  anyway , for what is worth it , `` psoe y pp la misma mierda es '' , both major parties are chockfull of corruption and , whats worst , they face little to no consecuence . 
  as for the `` privillages '' we are losing , please list them to me , because , as far as i know , we never really had any . 
  psoe is n't governing spain , pp is , rajoy is from pp , no filthy socialist have set foot on moncloa since 2011 . 
  because the right wing party in power its doing a great job to get us out of crisis . 
  we 've been sitting at the bottom of the hole for 4 years straight . 
  maybe i 'm going far fetched but it is not exactly new , or recent or fast . 
  bear with me for a second here . 
  back to 15th march 2011 's massive protests on madrid , when people decided to `` occupy '' the centric puerta del sol in madrid , the movement soon echoed to other cities and was hughely repressed to no avail by the state . 
  soon after first associations and movements started to form in seek of a better democracy and on a more active part of the people on taking decitions on important events . 
  the 15m movement long term plan was becoming a political movement and they tried several forms , now everyone sees podemos , but the previous attempt that failed are never mentioned , like democracia real ya or other alternatives . 
  podemos is the culmination of the 15m movement , or at least the one most people can identify with , other attemps sinned of being too radical or too far from reality , but it seems podemos hit the nail in the head . 
  i 'd never heard of podemos before the european elections , but their result echoed through spain as what we were expectiong to come out the 15m movement so long ago , the recent tv interviews and the pp candidates comparing pablo iglesias with a eta terrorist ( you know someone is in good tracks when the govern start to link them with eta terrorists ) just helped to expand the knowledge of that they exists and that they rally on the spirit of the 15m . 
  so far they 've talked the talk and walked the path and people seriously need an alternative to the stablished powers . 
  so while they are now gaining adepts faster , this whole thing has been on the make for almost 4 years , long before even podemos was a thing . 
  i once was at a self service in a highway rest area in germany , i picked a 500ml cup along with my meal and filled it to the brim instead of to the line every damm glass and bottle on germany have , i come to the register and the cashier gives me the thousand yard stare and sights deeply , then proceeds to mark 520ml coke on the cash register . 
  german people are precise and efficient like no other european . 
  so the solution is throw them on the dumpster and hope they die fast right ? 
  whether the model was right or wrong is moot to argue about because its too late to do anything about it . 
  you are right about it being a bad idea , but its not these people 's fault have this people 's condition changed during this period ? 
  have that dude grouth a second lung or that girl stopped being severely disabled ? 
  maybe i 'm a sceptic here but i think they have n't . 
  there is no area in madrid you can live under 400 $ , for halving that you have to get to a remote village with no public transit to a small house in not the best of conditions , which is n't ideal for a guy with only one lung or a severily disabled girl , who 'd probably require medical attention with realtively high frecuency . 
  there is not jobs on those places , certainly not for disabled people and conmuting is not an option because `` car '' is besides `` house '' in the list of things you ca n't afford earning 500 $ a month and having to support a entire family with it . 
  if this people is entitled to have welfare , they should be still receiving it . 
  instead their welfare was sold for profit to an international holding . 
  and its not like that profit is coming to spain 's needy archs . 
  those flats were built and owned with taxes paid by spanish taxpayers , those houses are for welfare , meant for people with less resources from whatever reason ( and you better have a very good reason because otherwise you did n't get one ) . 
  there is plenty of other property for rental or trade in spain , thats why we were so rich , now most of these sit empty and none lives there . 
  there is no lack of empty property in spain ready for rental , the problem is precisely that there is so much that opening it would devaluate housing prices even more which would increase the problem , devaluation of property price was what got us into crisis . 
  so banks are sitting up on tons of empty flat for as long as they can afford to avoid depreciation . 
  every now and then they sell some but still . 
  this people were on welfare and they were `` sold '' to investment companies , you can argue a lot of things about that , maybe the model was wrong or unsustainable or whatever , but these flats were not intended for market , but rather for welfare purposes for when trying to have a house in spain cost so much you 'd have to pay a life and a half of mortage . 
  there is no healthy market correction made , because there is not one needed and this wo n't help building more rental properties because the market is already saturated . 
  the unemployed rate has been on decay for months , yet the employed rate barely goes up , certainly not as much as the unemployed rate goes down , not even by a long shot . 
  the government never speack of jobs created because there are not that many of them . 
  many of these people who no longer are in the unemployed list are not there because they simply quit looking for a job , not because they found one . 
  so yeah , nice try rajoy , the `` things are n't getting worse '' does n't really work with us anymore . 
  guess what , i agree with you , i infact too like to develop my own custom software , but guess what it takes 2 things : time and money , and time is money so its actually 2xmoney . 
  i do n't know how polands public institutions work , but i know how spain ones do , and is commoplace that the lowest bidder gets the contract ( unless , you know , someone 's been slipping suspicioulsy padded envelopes to the person in charge of the decision ) , this means by default that the deadline for the project is going to be not too far in time ( because , again , time = money ) . 
  to cut on production time , pre-built software is going to be used , whether open source or propietary or , more likely , both . 
  you know in spain you do n't need a software engineer to sign your program ? 
  you still need an architect to sign your house blueprints or an engineer to guarantee that bridge will support the load , but not with software , because , what could possibly go wrong ? 
  while the perfect solution would be for the goverment and public employees to custom build a custom tailored system based on open source solutions , this would be too expensive , it would also be crazy to make it backwards compatible . 
  and heartbleed was just a example of what can go wrong , because sometimes opensource does n't have that many alternatives . 
  if there were a better option that openssl , people would have chosen it , but there was n't , because ssl is boring and only nerds do it . 
  like with everything , there are cool things to work software wise and not so cool but that need to be done things , for the first one , you are going to find plenty of open source quality material to choose from , for the latter , you 're not going to have many options . 
  because of course open source is flawless . 
  heartbleed never happened did it ? 
  anyway , there is other problems that might arise . 
  many private entities develop for windows because its very common in the private sector , if your public entity is going to come to use this software , for whatever reason , they are going to be slapped with extra cost to do the port . 
  besides , on the adobe front , while yes , there are better readers for pdfs , the graphic design software adove produces has simply no match . 
  gimp is just a sad attemp at photoshop . 
  okay , well , it is not a bad program , but pales in comparison to ps . 
  my workmate switched to linux . 
  few months later he got back to windows , not because it was better ( he honestly prefered linux ) but turns out some of the tools he needed simply did n't exist for linux . 
  and public entities arent only running ms office and adobe reader , there is a bunch of tools ( some of them archaic ) that simply can not be ported to linux . 
  the culture of what ? 
  as any other system , democracy is awfuly flawed . 
  in some countries more than others , but mainly because the very basics of democracy smell like shit . 
  democracy is a good system for a homogeneous civilization , which does n't really exists . 
  as of now , in most places , the vote of a dumb ass counts the same as the vote of a mildly cultured person , so case in point , lets get on with some real examples on which democracy by itself would be awfully flawed : lgtb rights , while on some parts of the world people just srugh it out , some other , like some usa states , to cite a notorious example , voted and passed democratically bans on gay marriage and other rights for lgtb . 
  is this right ? 
  its after all a democratic decision voted by the people , is anti-democratic that the higher institutions of the usa would later on force these states/comunities to scrap that legislation ? 
  any other scientific decition for that matter , you can always hear `` why are they spending so much money breeding fruit flys when they should be finding a cure for cancer '' , or the anti-vac movement which have been rising lately mixed with a lack of trust in actual scientist , i do n't find far fetched that some crazy nuts could vote and pass a law banning vaccines . 
  should this be allowed just because it went through a democratic process ? 
  so that `` democratic deficit '' is somewhat fault of the democracy itself . 
  because there is a small step from `` democracy '' to `` dictatorship of the majority '' . 
  but yeah , sure i 'd rather have democracy before anything else . 
  sometimes small cool effects are achieved easily with 3d effects rather than with an animation of stillframes , most times you do n't even notice them , but they are there . 
  unless you want to do 3d effect , but they are getting there !, 
  safari is the new ie , tbh, 
  you can afford tickets for the sagrada familia , so you should feel pretty good about yourself . 
  anyway , barcelona is an awesome city and we welcome money ... 
  i mean , people , from anywhere in the world . 
  on a more serious note , being a web developer i usually just trust the list , i had once a issue with a customer in which the country list would list china as `` porcelana '' ( which means porcelain ) , since in english china means `` porcelain '' too . 
  yes but your healthcare officials have never publicly stated to `` pray for the virgin '' and not come to the medical centers for treatment . 
  i bet the ministry prayed a lot for everything to go right and thats about it , like they always do ( and ask us to do ) . 
  bringing back a god 's man must score some points with god aswell , so i bet they just thought that nothing would go wrong . 
  and the best of all is that i pretty much think that 's what was going on their mind while thinking all of this . 
  at this point who expects any sort of brightness from this goverment ? 
  when we say they are totally disconected from reality , we dont say it in vain . 
  the saddest part of all of this is that neither the goverment or the general population have any idea of what 's up . 
  healthcare is underfunded , hence the contagion ( staff have been complaining of going into quarentine areas with skin exposed because the suit was too short - . - u ) and the general public is stupid because , seriously , there is no chance you get infected unless you actually touch someone who 's been infected or mingle arround their belongings , touch ffs , many more people is going to get a nasty flu and die from it this winter and nobody gives a shit , most people wont even vaccinate . 
  this situation is so sad in so many levels ... 
  i know , when i was looking for a erasmus destination we were told of a usa student exchange program in which we were offered a year in a university over there for somewhere between 11.000 $ and 15.000 $ of 2007 . 
  we were told that even if it looked expensive , it was a fairly good price for what a years worth of university is there ( top tier universities as far as we were told ) . 
  still as opposed to the erasmus program in which you go to anywhere on europe and get paid 100 $ a month ( not much but hey ) is not as appealing .
