  not to mention that much of catalu\u00f1a 's economy output has to do with the fact that many major companies that serve all of spain have their central offices in barcelona , at best those companies would have to move part of the bussiness back to spain . 
  there is a list so long of issues none has even bother to address that is mind blogging people keep falling for it . 
  if , by chance , these morons find themselves by luck with an independent country , its going to be a disaster . 
  anyway , its not likely going to happen , since is not that 80 % of catalonian want independence , but rather closer to 50 % , swaying up and down depending on how economy goes . 
  the best thing that comes to mind when describing our pm is `` i 'm sorry '', 
  fin de la cita !, 
  this happened in australia 's open in 2003 , during the opening ceremony , the [ wrong spanish hymn was played ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ptvk4l9te ) , instead of playing the current hymn ( which has been the same since 1939 ) , the dude played the hymn from the spanish republic . 
  our tennis players are n't deaf tho . 
  and the oposition , and the regional parties , and , honestly , who have n't in this country ? 
  i for one second thought that trump had opened his mouth again , but then i realized he might not know where greece is . 
  podemos has taken a swift turn towards center . 
  yes , it is still in the leftmost side of the political spectrum , but its far away from comunism or whatever people keep painting them . 
  anyway their point still stands . 
  things are getting better in spain , but the upper classes are all far from struggling and the gap between rich and poor has streched . 
  main problem in spain is corruption and podemos can be a good card to play on such matters . 
  besides , their good results in the last elections have shaken the psoe of their seats , forcing it to turn to the left as the left party it is supposed to be and not the almost right party they 've been being lately . 
  having the big parties threatened by new groups its a refreshing sight never seen before in spain 's young democracy . 
  they sued over that because is what they could sue for and they went the long streech of moving all their australian bussiness to hon kong to be able to sue for it . 
  they can make an easier argument about profit , because the intended goals of those campaings is to reduce consumption and , therefore , reduce demand and therefore profit . 
  they just had to go the extra mile and twist things arround because thats what they had to do , if they had it as easy as to sue for lose of profit , they could have saved the hon kong part, 
  well , i was simply countering your example , i can not argue much more of the ttip because none really has seen the draft . 
  you said :  isds does n't allow corporations to `` sue '' governments for potentially harming their profits i counter exampled that and thats about it , the fears are at least founded in reality . 
  there is ofc some other cases where isds could be benefitial , specially for european companies trying to operate in the us , but also there is a lot of room for abuse and the way the ttip pact is being drafted does n't make me feel any comfortable . 
  money , money is the problem . 
  wealthy countries can afford to waste millions in litigation , the rest would nevertheless end up swallowing their citizens right because its just too much cost to bear . 
  because , of course , there is [ no way isds can be abused ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ushhoch4q8 ), 
  well , in the case of moldova i 'd o for a slightly more corrupt barometer , such as spain or greece , and that might still be too optimistic . 
  anyway , its a good point . 
  the contexts of this coments was `` all the banks ''  this has to stop - every time banks f *** up , the taxpayers have to bail them out . 
  as an industry that makes billions globally every year - why are we allowing ourselves to be constantly robbed by these robbers ? 
  yes , as i said the taxpayers would have to pay too , but the amount would be probably less than bailing the bank out . 
  most countries secure the `` savings '' of the taxpayers . 
  up to arround 200-300 k $ the state will compensate your losses , most taxpayers are well under that amount of money in their banks accounts , so only the rich would lose money should the bank go tits up . 
  granted , it will cost a bit too , but probably not as much as to save the dying bank . 
  they will build a 5m high 176 km long fence just to say theirs is bigger . 
  greece should n't have entered the euro when they knew they were n't ready , but they did and they profited from it . 
  and maybe if the crisis would n't have blown out it would have been all right down the line . 
  uk has been `` profiting '' from other country graduates as much or more than germany since its far easier to learn english that that thing germans call language . 
  crisis have made migration worse ? 
  yes it has , but workers mobility has been a thing before the crisis . 
  south european countries drowning in corruption provide few opportunities for highly specialized workers or scientists . 
  what this whole thing has brought to spain is , yes , many cuts in healthcare and education , people without house and all of that but , for once people are starting to ask where the money have been going and what the politicians have been doing with it . 
  people where confident and comfortably sleep thinking we were a somewhat developed european power and the crisis shaked everyone back on to reality , the reality that we were still poor and that we had been tricked by our own political class . 
  there is a lot of things spain has to work on , growing inequity between the rich and the poor , employment ( or rather lack of it ) , corruption and so many other problems that have nothing to do with germany or europe being assholes on us , but rathe the opposite , its the fact that the eu has our economy under watch that gives me the hope that corruption gets more and more of an anecdotal issue rather that the widespread plague that it is . 
  spain does n't want out of europe and we would n't be better out of it . 
  it might be a hard misstres at times , but it give us the oportunity to grow and get better , even if you have to migrate , it still feels like a second home . 
  and its nice to have that to fall back on . 
  you might want to check this [ other video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mky11ujb9ay ), 
  youtube was released precisely in february 2005 . 
  well , we just had australia in the last eurovision , so what gives, 
  i do n't know , filled it to the brim , but it struck me because its not like it was that much of a difference . 
  i just mention it because i got billed extra for going over the flow line at a self service gas station restaurant . 
  the teller gave me the hate stare and then stimated how much over the line i went with my soda and billed me 510 ml of coca cola . 
  i 've purchased petrol in germany and they did n't round the last decimal up until everything was added up . 
  you obviously should take advantage of your european citizenship and get to know some more places arround and you 'd see that its mostly the same shit everywhere . 
  hell , i 've been to canada aswell , and these retailers are pretty much there to milk money out of you . 
  they do not do it so efficiently as the german with their lines in the glasses you should n't fill over . 
  still i beg to difer that germany has the most greedy scrooge merchants of europe when they have to compete against scottish or catalonians . 
  well thats wasteful for sure but , for it 's worth , the cost of moving cents arround has to compare awfully to the cost of moving higher value coins . 
  which makes them even more wasteful than their more useful counterparts . 
  yes you dont earn more , but you are losing value . 
   if i am buying 40 $ worth of groceries , that 's around 30 items . 
  30 * 2,5 cents loss on average is 0,75 $ loss . 
  which is considerate and essentially a hidden 2 % price raise . . 
  the rounding its done after everything is added together you do n't round per items . 
  things will keep costing 1.99 $ because thats a marketing trick , they dont hav to round it up . 
  petrol costs 1.345 $ and we do n't have cents cents . 
  everything is added and at the end of your purchase rounded up , you do n't round every liter first and then add everything at a overhead cost of 0.5 cents/liter , nobody does that at all . 
  you are just speculating , german merchants arent worse than canadians or australians and these people have already dropped their cent coins . 
  what he means is that , by itself , the cent coin has no purchase power . 
  to purchase anything worthy with it , you 'll need at least 5 of them , and you 'd be hard pressed to buy something useful for as little as that other than candy . 
  to deal with pennies requires time , digging arround your bag of pennies and shit its going to take time and time its money . 
  its like driving too far to purchase cheaper petrol , yeah you might be saving hard cash , but if you consider the time you spent driving there and back , you are in the end losing money , because your time is more valuable than the hard cash you are saving . 
  spent money its not more valuable than it was before , it just has changed hands . 
  your statement makes no sense , a cent its the representation of a certain amount of money and it just goes from hand to hand . 
  anyway , i 'm not sure that the euro cents cost more than are worth because they are so ridiculously impractically small . 
  but it could perfectly be . 
  your argument might be valid in case you are buying 1 item , which , oftenly isnt the case . 
  if you are purchasing 40 $ of groceries and they round up always , at most you are losing 4 cents per purchase if the merchants are being dishonest . 
  and besides it should be set per law how the rounding goes , if a merchant rounds wrong , he gets denounced and done . 
  and anyway , as pointed out already , this all its only if you pay cash , if you pay with credit card you get marked the exact amount . 
  many countries have been dropping their pennies ( whether euros or other currencies ) and nowhere there 's been a price raise . 
  not the ones that take their 8 years olds , set them to wait next to an atm until an old lady come to get some cash and then they rob her , for instance . 
  i went to classes with gipsyes when i was 6 , by the time i was 8 , there were no gypsies on my class . 
  what a bunch of noobs , here they sell the houses and get back to living in their ghettos . 
  or they call their relatives and come back in forces and stab a couple of merchants . 
  at least that 's what would happen here . 
  you are quoting wrong , how does compare pardoning people who joined the invading enemy with pardoning people who were kicked out for other reasons . 
  just because two events happen in a close temporal gap does n't mean they both have to be for the same reasons . 
  and you do n't speak on behalf of officials you have not elected , but they do speak for your country . 
  what do you want me to say , in your comment you totally went out of the way saying your representatives does n't represent yuo and that the past should be past . 
  besides , those who converted can be looked as traitors and rightfully so . 
  the jews were jews before , during and after the whole thing . 
  if you join the enemy i do n't see why you should be pardoned when the enemy is defeated . 
  they could be , but i do n't see how it compares with the topic at hand , the jews , whose `` crimes '' were being jews and lending money . 
  i still dont see how its this a scam , yes these people will get spanish citizenship and , therefore , european citizenship , which is were i suppose you call the `` scam '' part , but its not like germany is n't helping the jews already . 
  i personally could n't care less about the jews kicked out of the country back in the 1400-1500s , but i do n't see this `` pardon '' as something which is inherently wrong . 
  otherwise , please , how do in your speech of `` wrongs that have n't been righted are better ignored '' the armenian genocide renaming falls . 
  because at this points , its been already 100 years when your ( totally not yours ) representatives decided to take action . 
  its a bit strong coming from a german whose representatives spent a whole lot of energy in the armenian genocide renaming .
