  oh god , we are so special , because local popular iniciatives that are turned down in higher courts are a thing that only happen to us , the special flowers of catalonia , and the rest of spain 's popular iniciatives always get to pass . 
  boo boo , poor us . 
  is only us these bullies pick on . 
  if there was a need to ban the corridas in catalonia for them not to happen , it only means that there was enough following for them to happen , otherwise they would not be made , its a for profit industry after all . 
  so either you are lying or you are getting pissed about the wrong thing . 
  i suspect that you care little about the bulls , just like the govern , you just want something to be pissed about and be xenofobic towards the rest of spain , despite of the fact that they do really care about the bulls and are against bullfighting aswell . 
  but nooo , we do n't want their help , we 'd rather throw a fit just because the legal setting for an ( according to what you say ) innecessary law ( since there was n't any bullfighting at all in catalonia ) does n't allow us to pass such . 
  it did allow us to pass the law to protect our setting the bull on fire style of bull torturing tho , but why make a fuss about that ? 
  we know what we care for . 
  if we would n't spend all our energy and money into finding ways of making us professional victims we 'd have far more support for matter that affect not only us , but the whole country . 
  the day we are independent and we are forced to swallow up impositions from other countries , or from our own goverment , you come back about all that thing of popular demands and shit . 
  this has little to do with popular demand , popular demand did n't get to ban correbous , popular demand havent got our highways out of peajes , and i could go on , you just care about this because it allows you to yell `` look at the evil spaniards '' and nothing else . 
  the tc recognices that we have the local competencies to organize `` corridas '' , so all we have to do is not organizing them and voila !, 
  no more killed bulls , works like magic !, 
  anarquism works so well , thats why there are so many anarquic regimes that are doing all so well . 
  and all those places were states fail and there is no law are all so pleasant to live in . 
  laws ca n't be violated , they can be replaced , ammended , repealed or created from new , but there is a procedure for that and this law was in violation of that procedure , thats all . 
  good idea , lets throw law into the wind , what could possibly go wrong ? 
  oh ffs , it has the same popularity across all the fucking spain , which is close to none , just like here . 
  do you feed on propaganda or what ? 
  this is a dick measuring contest between a bunch of hipocrites ( the govern ) and the central goverment . 
  remember than right after this ban came the protection of the correbous because its not that we care about the animal , its that we are trying to look as far from spain as possible , while in the end we are just the fucking same thing but with different sprinkles on top . 
  the remove on the ban does n't force anyone to have corridas , we can still not have them at all , none is forcing anything on us . 
  whenever things do start actually happening to us we 'll have run out of victimism to spend , so please start saving some for when we do actually need it . 
  my whole post was about the point of nuclear waste being a deal besides the use or not of nuclear power , so we might aswell go for nuclear while we need it , maybe i was n't clear enough . 
  really ? 
  and do you have numbers to prove that or your only currency is downvotes ? 
  radioactive waste is not going to stop existing because we stop using nuclear power , you still have radioactive waste from other industries , most notably in medicine , in which radioactive isotopes have all sort of applications from imaging to cancer treatments . 
  a better understanding of this could lead to a better processing of nuclear waste , technics already in use already cut in half the life of radioactive waste while at the same time recycling some into more nuclear fuel , but if everytime you want to drive your nuclear waste to a plant like that you need a massive police deployment to go with it because you have to untie a bunch of missguided treehugers from the tracks most countries do n't even bother . 
  and because these plants are only built in a place with enough nuclear waste to process to make it worth it ( france ) , most nuclear waste is buried as is , independently from where it comes from . 
  its a matter of perspective , right now there is not a `` winner '' in power generation . 
  solar and wind have the problem of not being able to fit into the grid sudden changes , besides they require sun and wind , which may or may not be avaliable in your specific location . 
  hidroelectric are my favourite , but they have a huge ecological impact . 
  other fossil fuel burning plants just add to the already bad problem with climatic change we have , nuclear have the problem of nuclear waste , but we could process and bury it somewhere safe and move on . 
  nuclear is n't de definitive answer to our energetic problem , but right now , it 's the best alternative to replace fossil fuel plants , specially in places in which space is a premium or lack enough sun hours to make solar viable . 
  if there wasnt so much stigma , there could 've been made more advancements in processing and in waste storage . 
  which should be made anyway , since , even if in the future we get rid of nuclear power , nuclear waste is going to still be coming . 
  petrol stations outnumber powerplants by several orders of magnitude , it does n't even make sense to compare . 
   same as fuel needs to get to the plant . 
  is far more efficient to drop lot of fuel in the same place rather than drop small amounts of fuel scattered all arround the place following the simple logic of economic scale . 
  i do n't believe the logistic cost of dropping fuel in every petrol station come close to compete to fueling a powerplant , but if you have some numbers to show , i 'd be happy to see . 
  otherwise , yeah , coal is the most terrible power source we could use . 
  fuel needs to get to the car either way , has to be stored aswell ( both in the car and at the petol stations ) and what not , so that side of the argument is slightly skewed . 
  on the plus side for the electric cars , you can keep all the hazards ( polution , large quantities of explosive substances ) away from where people do actually live , improving significatively the quality of life of cities . 
  you make a good point about the overall polution cost , but i think the location of the pollution its also important . 
  coal burning is quite radiactive too and nobody makes too much fuss about it . 
  anything is cleaner than coal . 
  keep reading , you are almost there, 
  this is why brexit happens , people only read the tittle of the reddit post and not the article itself . 
  then the negotation will start , and not before , which is what the argument was about . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 'll be a deal tho . 
  if you read the [ article 50 ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-6-final-provisions/137-article-50.html ) , i bolded the stuff :  a member state which decides to withdraw ** shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state ** , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  brexit has n't been notified , so until it is not , there is no notification , therefore no negociation can take place under art 50 . 
  yes yes , they are , i was refereng to the previous proposal of :  refusing to negotiate until a50 is submitted is a very bad way to start amicably . 
  which is not what they signed , as the deal states pretty clearly that negociations cant be started until art 50 is called . 
  refusing to follow the deals you 've signed its a worse way to start things amicably . 
  yes i put on the worst case escenario because none is planning for it , and i want to know what the plans are in case things do n't go fairy tale well , which is what everyone else is assuming is going to happen . 
  hope for the best and plan for the worst , what happens with pensions ? 
  what happens if spain ( or any other nation for that matter ) goes crazy and decide to invade our sovereignity ? 
  what are our plans about our defence strategy , will we have an army ? 
  if so , who 'd be getting weapons from ? 
  will we have a mandatory draft ? 
  what currency will we run on ? 
  will i keep getting paid in $ ? 
  if we dont get to secure the right to use $ as currency , will my mortgage be changed to whatever currency the goverment pulls out their asses ? 
  once we are out of the eu , how do we plan to trade with them ? 
  judging the list goes on and on and the only answer are `` do n't worry everything is going to be all right '' . 
  at least the tax part we have it fixed , because we know whats important . 
  i want to hear what happens if things turn for the worst , heck , if things do slightly derail all we have is `` nah , europe would sure shame spain into submission '' , which , while i could happen , i 'd place it on the `` very unlikely '' part of the spectrum , as also is unlikely a violent reaction from spain , obviously , but a pat in the back and a `` everythign is going to be okay '' does n't make me feel any confidence in the capacities of the goverment . 
  okay you make a point , then why we are instructed to call anyone who displays the most moderate amount of spanish nationalism `` facha '' if , after all , it seems nationalism is n't that bad ? 
  we in this country and region have always voted for the head of the list to be the candidate to preside the parliament , that why the head of the list go to the debates and all that shit , the only way mas should have got to be even tried to be invested was if the 3 previous options failed , which they would have not because the cup would have been fine with any . 
  i 'd appreciate an example of a good nationalism to counter my opinion . 
  with mas out of they way , they still skipt the second , which is irrelevant since mas ran fourth overall and still held a stalemate on his appointment , despite of the fact that it was erc leading the list and going to the debates and blah blah blah , if you dont have the memory fresh , this is what we voted in barcelona for the head of the list : ra\u00fcl romeva carme forcadell muriel casals artur mas oriol junqueras i use ciu because they change name every month and i 'm too lazy to keep up with how have they rebranded themselves on its last iteration . 
  still , while they are out of spain parliament , they still have a nice and healthy presence in the generalitat ( the one that 'd matter after independence ) , most notably as our president , so i wo n't shot them death until they are . 
  in my opinion there is no good nationalism , once you let the `` feeling '' being more important that the facts things go south pretty fast . 
  if a unflriendly breakup happens , the attrition could get to the extremes of an already extremely polarized population where extremism is starting to show . 
  now we point at it and laugh and call them `` a minority '' , but its there and people is letting it be . 
  its not far fetched for ciu to gain back some points if one of their own leads `` el proces '' , it should n't be hard to score points on that . 
  besides , there 'd probably need to be an agreement to form the govern , with renewed popularity , whatever ciu 's offpring platform runs could have significance enough to secure few guidelines and it would n't be that far fechted for them to secure some inmunity or create it for the future and people would be fine with it , like , for instance , people have been supporting all this messi 's tax evasion fiasco , which is somehow also an evil spain 's plot against catalunya and not a millionaire greedy moron trying to game the system . 
  its easy to appeal a lot of people basing on the `` feeling '' of being catala , specially if you are sticking it to spain in the process . 
  as about the cup , they were this close to investing mas , i see them selling their moms for independence , maybe not all of them but certainly a significant part , 50 % split if the press is to be believed . 
  it is n't far fetched either for them to be painted as a hurdle for the proces and drop in popularity once the machine starts rolling besides , it has never worked like that , there is power enough in the parliament to undo some of the most popular cases of `` amiguismos '' that ciu did and somehow still live today , despite of the fact that it affects thousands of people daily . 
  pujol & cia gave the highway toll explotation to all his friends and they are still sucking on it , even though all the roads have been already paid , some of them even 6 times over . 
  i do n't see any willing to change that , and its a thing that we totally have the power to fix , but it is n't even talked about , i assume also because most people think road tolls are the central goverment to blame . 
  la generalitant has always had a pretty nasty story of corruption and also a lot of mostly getting away with it , much like the rest of spain , i do n't see why they 'd change , since they are already the ones that are governing and do n't do much to change things themselves . 
   but notice catalans realized ... 
  compare with spain your words , sorry . 
   i had already covered corruption but i 'll say this : in spain we have to suffer both corrupt spanish and catalan politicians , whereas in an independent catalonia at least we 'd only have to deal with the latter . 
  you should also consider that since we would have to build a new justice system , we can take into account the shortcomings of the current one to build a better one . 
  you are putting too much faith on that , i mean , its going to be them who make the laws and loopholes and appoint the judges . 
  spain has a quite strong and independent justice power , which , in all fairnes , usually plays the game with legislative , but the spike in corruption cases being pursuit in the last years goes to show that , when it gets to roll they get to places . 
  who 'd have told fabra would go to jail ? 
  yes it could be better , but at leats it has power to go againts the power . 
  now , while there could be an argument abut erc and cup `` spotless '' corruption history , which from my point of view is already too optimistic , but hey , lets play ; the current comittee for independence has a rather large ciu representation , because under the guise of jxs they managed to get to the seats a large amount of people that we did n't really wanted , given the results ciu 's offspring has had in the late elections , so while there is a number of erc and cup and what not representatives , there is also a bunch of ciu 's , and a large one at that , hell , the `` president '' is from ciu . 
  what warranty give that a bunch of criminals who are running from the law are going to create a strong judicial power that is able to take them down ? 
  none , why should they ? 
  corrupgencia has been voted out of the partlament but somehow we are still being governed by a ciu member despite of the fact that he was 60 something in the lists of that great coalition that govern us nowadays , what was this coalition goal ? 
  oh yeah , independentism . 
  jps is just a way to keep ciu up there and people thinking they 've kicked them out of the game .
