  there is many other countries that have seceded and spain does not recognize to this day , most notably , kosovo , which is ironic since spanish fighters carpet bombed the place back in the daay with the otan . 
  so while yes , this might incentivate independence movements by setting a even closer precedent , our minister is just sitting on the hardline about secesion spain has ever been for as long as we remember . 
  so in all , nothing new . 
  we think the contest is nothing but a political charade of interests , the artists chosen to be sent are always lame , so the year we got to choose we just sent one worse on purpose . 
  the statement was rather `` if this contest is a international joke , we are going to tell the best joke of all '', 
  for few years here in spain we have been trying to send the most ridcolous representants we could . 
  to try and appeal the audience , they introduced the public votation system via sms and that year we sent [ chiquilicuatre ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbfca-cvr6g ) . 
  which was actually a comedian whose joke blow in his face , it was all laugh and jokes until we actually voted him , because fuck eurovision . 
  i almost felt bad for the dude because , for as good his acting was , you could see he was shitting his pants . 
  in 2010 forocoches ( think spanish 4chan ) went onto the quest to send john cobra on to eurovision , which was to put it mildly , a very bad mannered gentleman who beats women . 
  they almost succeded , had not mr cobra fight and insult the audience at the final round . 
  this was pointed back in the day as the biggest act of trolling ever happened in spain , which even prompted a apology from the responsible of the contest ( president of radiotelevision espa\u00f1ola ) to the senate . 
  unfortunately the producers have catched up with us and lately is getting hard to send these kind of dudes to the contest . 
  but well , its not like the `` official '' singers are that much better anyway . 
  the bulgarians are going to be for a surprise if they really think they 're going to be heading home at 5pm . 
  madrid must worry not !, 
  the day something has to be done about this , they 'll send the almighty [ plasma tv ] ( http://www.eldiario.es/politica/rajoy-comparecer-television-plasma-despues_0_117588822.html ) to deal with the problem . 
  most of these people are uncultured whackos that have never left their village and you ca n't have a conversation with , i 'm sure there is some enlightened pro-independence out there , but hell , they are hiding incredibly well . 
  the second the conversation start it is just a monologue of pre made statements pull from some kind of pro independence manual that someone must have failed to mail me , and within the first minute you will be called `` fascist '' no matter your stance on the matter , for them there is only 2 shades , either you are pro independence or you are a fascist . 
  for many people , independence have stopped being a mean to obtain an end and the independence has become the end on itself with little to no plan besides it . 
  yeah there is always the vague `` we 'll be better off alone '' and the `` they will stop stealing our money '' ( as if the local govern have n't ever stolen anything ) . 
  on the topic of corruption , i 've seen people justify jordi pujol on the grounds that , yep , the central goverment is corrupt too !!, 
  welp , fuck the central goverment , the day we are independent they might aswell shit gold turds , our independence its going to be tailored by the stoling corrupt incompetent fuckers that are already on our goverment and instead of demanding them to come out clean , people its apologizing them in the name of the future nation we are going to be . 
  how the fuck is that ok ? 
  and also , we want to be in the ue , because that 's what mas has said , well fucktard , how on earth are we going to make it to the ue if spain can veto us ? 
  greece its been veting macedonia for quite a while because they do n't like the name , what do you think it 'll happen if we break up in bad terms with them ? 
  and the currency , the euro ? 
  seriously ? 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  how are we going to secure our right to print euros ? 
  not to speak about the need for an army , border security , etc etc , i reckon these things are far easier to acomplish since as soon as we get recognized by any major country we can purchase weapons from them , but guess how much its talk about this stuff ? 
  nothing nothing at all . 
  but hey , we of course want to keep playing in spain 's liga , because somehow , f.c barcelona playing espanyol over and over for a whole year gets somewhat tiring . 
  and football , thats important . 
  and for the love of christ , stop painting the independentist movement as leftist , i do n't know about scotland , but here in catalunya most people vote rather right wing parties or moderate . 
  and hell , those village people are the most xenophobic bunch i 've crossed my path on , independentists on barcelona are slightly more open minded , but hell meet someone from tarrasa or whatever other village , whoever is foreign its the devil itself . 
  its always those fucking spanish fascists or those fucking german nazis when its not those fuckwards imperialist americans . 
  for the average villager , there is nothing to blame on ourselves , its always the outside to blame , because we are catalanes , and we are flawless and just plain better than the rest . 
  my best wish at the moment its that whenever something happens , the uk is still on the ue or that the usa fixes their migration rules , because the day independence comes its going to be the biggest fuck ever , for as much as the current politicians know to manage the pursue of independence , they are going to be lost whenever we ever achieve it . 
  luckily mas wants a referendum as much as rajoy wants it , which is nothing at all , so its going to be status quo for a while longer . 
  so well rant over , hopefully people start planning for the eventual real independence sometime soon , because it would be nice to have a plan well before we go on our own . 
  i doubt they 'll anexionate to you as soon as they leave spain :p, 
  corrected but incorrect still , its 1 million more than last year . 
  well maybe not incorrect , but obscure, 
  technically there is but they are only for administrative purposes , certainly not riot police . 
  yes well , the problem is not that they are going to spend 1m $ in gear , the problem is that thery are going to spend 1m $ more than the past year , which already was already noticeable higher than the last . 
  it feels bad because there is no money for anything else , as everything has been cut down , but for riot gear yeah , we can make an exception for that . 
  well , thats a stupid reason to spend money since , you know , there is no national police in catalunya . 
  its only 1 million actually, 
  the national police its the main riot force , you have to really look for them if you want to see a guardia civil other than in roads ( they manage trafic ) , specially in cities . 
  you can still see them patroling govern buildings , but thats about it . 
  they are also the responsible for law enforcement in comunities who ca n't or dont have a police force , say small villages and so . 
  guardia civil is n't used for riots except on less populated areas , say for instance the miners riots in the north and things like . 
  in fact , most guardia civil forces are dedicated to trafic , customs and protection of govern buildings rather than riots . 
  big cities riots are managed by the national police , except in comunidades who have their own police force , such as pais vasco or cataluna , where the ertzaina and mossos d'esquadra take over . 
  in the biggest cities the local police also have riot gear , at least in barcelona , la guardia urbana ( local police ) has riot units aswell . 
  catalunya specially have up the notch in riot gear with the purchase of armored riot vehicles the mossos did n't have before and stuff like . 
  in any event , you are rigth , the numbers i hear are 1.1 million $ , not billions , but hey , it would n't surprise me . 
  in totally unrelated news , spain its ( again ) europe 's leader in youth unemployment . 
  tragedy struck lepe this morning as a single-seater plane crashed in the city 's cemetery . 
  autorities have dug out hundreds of corpses from the breakage area in what have been described by the mayor as the worst disaster in the village 's history . 
  the pilot made it out only with minor scratches . 
  sweden have had some bruishes with russia in the late years , including this one , sorry its in spanish . 
  - http://www.rusadas.com/2013/05/suecia-en-el-punto-de-mira.html#sthash.gpgnrxdw.dpuf it reads :  last march 29th ( from 2013 ) 4 airforce jets sukhoi su-27 together with 2 bombers tupolev tu-22m3 flew from kalingrad to the limit of swedish jurisdiccional waters to do a practice attack run against the comand center and control stril 90 of the swedish airforce called stric grizzly and stric cobra . 
  the route they used is the one showed in this entry of charly015 through the corridor of international waters between scandinavian peninsula and the isle of gotland ( what a bad luck for the swedes to have this gap ) . 
  http://www.rusadas.com/2013/05/suecia-en-el-punto-de-mira.html#sthash.gpgnrxdw.dpuf  ... the swedish were n't capable of puting any plane on air to show their teeth as they did in the day ( cold war era ) and repel the posible intruders ( is not clear at this point if they got to violate ( ? ), 
  the swedish airspace ) , or , at least , to fly close to them and show them they are n't licking their thumbs ( idiom to mean they are n't idiots ) . 
  and why they did n't ? 
  well , it seems all military personal was on holidays because it was holy friday ... suck that ! . 
  so well , no wonder why they want a toughter stand against russia . 
  seat comes actually from fiat , the seat 600 , built after the fiat 600 was a very popular car in the 50 's - 60 's in spain . 
  on more recent times , seat ibiza was a very very popular car back in the late 90 's ( in spain at least ) , specially among the youth , car of choice for people going from disco to disco sky high on cocaine/crack and drun kas shit ( [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_zqfn97oom ) ) , they have n't really hit success as they did back the , but they are still relevant . 
  seat leon was the even more sporty model that came after , was a bad idea to buy it red or black ( or any other `` agressive color '' ) tho because your insurance primes would skyrocket . 
  car of choice for late drunk young idiots to crash and kill themselves on . 
  if you 've been in southern or west europe for long enough , you 've probably seen one . 
  they have other models more family friendly , such as the toledo or arosa , but they did n't have the success ibiza 's and leon 's have had . 
  why it is important ? 
  because if russia is n't able to hit the usa , she 's lost the battle . 
  for as a demolishing punch russia can provide in easter europe , without the nuclear deterrent , usa can freely enter war with russia without fearing much consequences . 
  russia has no way to hit usa other than with icm . 
  if russia did n't have nukes , we would have the nato in ukraine already , its fear of nuclear war whats stoping usa from a full intervention and nothing else . 
  it does , but russia would take it as a declaration of war and they 'd do some preemptive strikes to sort things out . 
  no , you are getting it wrong , maybe its because its english , maybe its because you are not bothering to read the comments . 
  or maybe you arejust a bot grabbing pre-made statements that are posted automatically to threads with the subject in hand , what do i care at this point . 
  again , take the time to read the coment , at no point have i talked about the independentist movement at all . 
  israel its a fairly rich country and still needs funding from the usa to support the iron dome . 
  i 'm not really sure it is that cheap . 
  plus russia strategy its missiles , if there was a missile shield program in place , they 'd go nuts . 
  this has already happened when g. w. bush proposed the missile shield back in the day . 
  think about it , russia is a threat to any neighbour nation , but other than that , not so much , they barely have as many carriers as spain , which its sad on its own , which limits their proyection of force . 
  if a system was put on place that would nulify their missile force , they 'd be left unable to attack anything beyond their border . 
  do n't get me wrong , russian military would be hard to defeat at home ( if even posible ) , but with a nato missile shield , russia ca n't effectively attack usa or any america based nato country and their eficacy attacking western europe countries would be reduced greatly , specially the uk . 
  so no , its not going to happen , not because the technology cant be developed , but because russia 's power would decrease dramatically if they cant count on their missiles for the offense . 
  yes , you are calling me out in things i havent said , thats what defamation is . 
  i would like you to tell me where or when i have said i oppose a referendum , please quote it . 
  its only in your mind . 
  read the comments before you waste your time and mine in stupid replies that has nothing to do with what 's being talked about . 
  its worse than that , the main logic is as follows :  usa is bad -  russia is against usa -  russia is good, 
  i had read that spanish volunteers had gone to fight with the rebels aswell . 
   according to earlier reports , within the vostok battalion , dpr 's most prominent defense force , are volunteers from spain , italy , france , spain , canada , russia and poland .
