  im super fun at parties . 
  edit : the units were wrong , thanks for the reminder . 
  today 's society would n't exist without ww2 . 
  technology wise , the advancements made in ww2 and the cold war that followed have no match in human history . 
  at the begining of ww2 horses were still widely used , propeller planes were a good improvement over ww1 biplanes , but pretty much the same . 
  by the end of the war the first jet powered planes roared on the sky and a decade later the urss put it 's first satellite in orbit . 
  the amount of money poured into great minds in search for a definitive weapon like the atomic bomb laid the fundation for advanced space travel , gps , investigation of radioactive isotopes and deeper understanding of them for medical applications like imaging or cancer treatment . 
  the brittish laid the foundation of modern day computing while trying to find better and reliable ways to decrypt enemy comunications with great minds at the front of it , such as alan turing , to the point that the development of consumer computers could have been accelerated by decades if the brittish had n't have keep them secret and destroyed by the end of the war . 
  ww2 set the stage for the cold war , the cold war was a crazy run in which scientists expanded the knowledge gained in ww2 until they made war pointless ( mutual assured destruction and all of that ) , when they toppled that , they moved on to other ways to see who had a bigger dong , like the space race . 
  it took humanity almost 200 hundred years from the industrial revolution to human flight , it barely took 66 years from the wright brothers shitplane to a human setting foot on the moon . 
  whatever technology we take for granted today , we owe it to ww2 and the cold war . 
  we paid a hefty price for it tho , and we should remember that too . 
  there is a huge list of asterisks attached to the schengen area , europe , after all , is a quite empire happy place . 
  there are some territories that are on it , like brittish overseas territory gibraltar , and some that are n't , like danish faroe islands . 
  its pretty random actually . 
  sovereignty has a lot of meanings if you would have spent ten seconds to check on to the definition , so i do n't care if it has another one that works only in your mind , so cheers too . 
  yes !, 
  we sovereignly choose to follow the eu directives because , they would n't be there if we did n't want them in the first place . 
  whenever someone gets tired of that or feel they 'd rather do something else , they leave , like the uk . 
  so yes to the first , yes to the second , and yes to the third . 
  useful to remind you also that about a third of the members are not in the euro because ( this might surprise you ) they decided not to . 
  [ sovereignity ] ( http://www.wordreference.com/definition/sovereignty ) controlling your currency is n't in the definition btw . 
  each eu member governs itself , the eu leaders meet yearly to discuss the general direction the eu should be taking , they agree to it and then they legislate over that and thats about it , i do n't know how they have sold it to you , but each country retains their sovereignity , all of it . 
  i also do n't think you know what sovereignity means , anyone can get in or out the eu by their own will ( the in part is more complicated ) and they take a sovereign decition while doing so . 
  at no point you are giving up your country sovereignity to be forever trapped in the eu . 
  countries retain their full sovereignity and can act on it any time , wether that result on punishment from the eu or not . 
  greece agrees to follow the waste waters agreements , greece changes their mind and they rather not , they 'd rather pay a fine , all by themselves . 
  uk is leaving the eu by a sovereign decition . 
  none in the eu has lost any sovereignity , they have agreed on to follow certain procedures of their own will and anyone can leave at any point they want . 
  stop with the sovereignity pity party . 
  everyone who enters an agreement of any kind is expected to hold it 's part of the bargaing , if you want to call `` international treaties '' `` giving up sovereignity treaties '' then , yeah , of course . 
  they go there , shop for something with money or whatever and they get shit in exchange , how do you want it to work otherwise ? 
  they can levy taxes to make exports more expensive . 
  the eu is the economic entity with greater economic leverage of the planet , that they arent levied against china is not because they cant , its because they do n't want to . 
  besides , greece should have not agreed to the waste water agreements if they did n't plan on following , it , shouldnt they ? 
  yeah , so can they punish othre countries that are not in the eu , so what ? 
  each country can do themselves whatever they please , the eu ca n't force them to do anything unless they agree to it , so where is it ? 
  there is not `` sovereignity '' loss in the ue , ultimately , each country retain their power and most things can not be done without the agreement of all members, 
  no actually , we have plenty of jokes about terrorism victims , but from our local product eta . 
  yes of course , and you make as much sense as non-white nazis, 
  the spanish folks playing in the nba and the rising popularity of ( i 'll say it ) soccer has made wonders for your colective geographical knowledge about spain . 
  also more and more people are coming to spain to study , so that helps too , but barely 10 years ago , i used to frequent american online game lobbies and 3 out of 4 times i 'd ge the `` in what part of mexico '' thing , and they were n't even joking . 
  cool people tho . 
  of course , and you probably have 2 arms too , unlike the average human, 
   its fair to think you 've engaged in sexual intercourse recently , just like every other human out there . 
  i dont know based on what context you decided to pick , because the obvious context was that we were talking of sex and refering to the fact that gays have as much sex as the rest of the humanity . 
  i thought you were making a joke , but it seemslike not , so w/e . 
  if you come to a donation center and you say you are gay , the odds of having had sex are the same than if you are not gay . 
  thats what you should have taken from there and nothing else . 
  the rest is pure interpretation out of context that you made for yourself . 
  we are in a casual forum and i dont see why i , in this context , `` every other human '' and `` the average human '' can not be understood as the same thing , but hey , i 'll be careful to be more professional and boring the next time . 
  every other human is the average human , it could n't be any other way . 
  yes you are human because most human have troubles with statistics . 
  also you have only one arm and one leg , like the average human . 
  its not the changing of partners but the type of sex . 
  its statisctics and nothing more . 
  gay males as a group are statistically far more prone than heterosexual males to contract aids , hiv and other sexual diseases . 
  the numbers are there and they do n't care about morals or not . 
  so unless the procedure for manufacturing blood changes or the gay male colective incidence of venereal diseases gets normalized vs heterosexual males , its not worth the risk to the public healthcare just to win some sjw points . 
  no , religiosity has little to do with that , case in point , spain and ireland . 
  just because the institution makes some noise doesnt mean the practicioneers share the view, 
  the blood thing its because its far easier to catch aids and other similar nasty stuff if you engage in anal sex ( also thats why the aids epidemy among gays in the late 20th century ) . 
  so its more a practical thing rather than a civil right stuff , just like you ca n't donate blood if you 've got a tatto recently , you ca n't donate as a gay guy because its fair to think you 've engaged in sexual intercourse recently , just like every other human out there . 
  or like you ca n't donate blood if you have been in england during the mad cows disease thing . 
  since transfusion blood packs are made in batches which mix blood from different donnors and then they get tested in bulk , a entire bacht could be lost just for 1 bad donnor , so its better not to take the risk . 
  but india is in the uk 's commonwealth , does n't that count for something ? 
  both dubbed to spanish too . 
  i used to watch rex when i was young and innocent . 
  if you are german you cant have any other nationality , unless you are under 18 and have parents from diferent nationality , once you get to 18 you must choose to be german and drop the other or keep the other and renounce to the german . 
  and then you get to complain over how much red tape there was in the eu and what not , yeah, 
  i do n't disagree with that , i disagree with the claim that brexit had nothing to do with inmigration . 
  spain has the most expensive electricity of the eu courtesy of a very well greased system of revolving doors between politicians and utilities 's boards . 
  a common combo of gas for water/cooking and electricity for the rest sets you back about 70 $ a month supposing low usage ( you spend most of the day ouside and the main drainage are the always running appliances ) . 
  phone is between 20 $ and 40 $ for adsl + phone packages depending on if you can get some sort of reduced price deal . 
  the student benefit is 0 $ , and not only that , university is not free , it cost an average of 1000 $ a year , depending on where you do it and what you study , so that sets you back another 100 $ a month for the lective year ( we assume you get back to mom and dad for the summer ) the unemployment rate for the young its over 50 % , 18 % for the general population , because why 'd you go through the trouble of hiring a part time student when there is a queue around the block of perfectly full time employable unskilled people . 
  a part time job nets you about 400 $ a month , and on top of that you add a weekends job and you end up barely able to cover rent and services and what the university costs . 
  also you do n't get grants because despite you are poor , your parents are able to make ends meet yet not enough to cover for , at least , your rent expenses , so no dice . 
  so you end up your college years in your parents house , because honestly things have to be going either really bad or really good to do otherwise and , ideally , save the little money you can get towards the initial downpay and costs of living outside of the nest after you are done with the studies and you line up a better paid job that requires a degree . 
  supposing your degree is marketable . 
  ehh , food , water and electricity is not a luxury . 
  i 'd even add internet and phone to the list . 
  and `` that age '' is well past the thirties , when you should have had your kids already . 
  there was a lot of nuances to it and every place had their own some with merit and some without , but its naive to assert that most of it did n't have to do with inmigration because it was the main talking point and the vein that tied it all together . 
  people from different places might not agree on if each other 's local issue had merit , but damm sure neither of them wanted to have any of these sirian `` refugees '' ( we all know many of them were n't such thing ) that germany was trying to desperately relocate everywhere . 
  there was plenty of strings , but inmigration was the huge knot that tied everything together . 
  only each of you lived on diferent houses to begin with and the fact that uk 's commonwealth has no shortage of touchy shady tan-skinned individuals either had not been a problem for the rest of the gang to begin with . 
  does it matter ? 
  in general , same discontent that pushed trump to the presidence of the usa , mainly in the countryside and smaller towns that relied in manufacturing or resource mining like coal that have gone to ruin because of globalization ; and a whole lot of ignorance about how things do actually work in the eu and the real power the uk had within . 
  general feeling that the eu was revolving more and more around german interests , despite of the fact that the uk-france axis could have had the reins but refused at the time . 
  a whole lot of things that have more to do with how much disdain your politicians dealt with the eu rather than with the eu itself . 
  it was about taking back control and a whole other lot of missguided one liners . 
  but the big bulk of it all was inmigration and , to be extremely precise , refugees and other migrants coming from arab countries taking advantage of the syrian conflict . 
  that was like 80 % of it . 
  the uk is the moron who underestimated the consequences of their actions and its acting suprised when he 's got to face them and blaming everyone but himself was were i was trying to get , maybe i should have used some other metaphore which did n't have a double entendr\u00e9 like that, 
  that leaves you with a 400 $ rent in a place with an average salary of less than 800 $ . 
  services not included . 
  fact is that the uk leaving does cost the eu money , time and effort as it does to the uk . 
  apart from the evident loss of income from the uk , which was obvious would go , all trade agreements the eu has , have now to be reviewed and partners compensated because of the loss of the uk 's market from the block . 
  and all of it because of the argument of the inmigration . 
  you punched her in the face because she invited her friend over and now she 's left you and you are going to jail , and still its somehow her fault and she 's making a scene .
