  and while the average cost is somewhere arround 1000 $ a year , actually if you want to be a liberal arts major its far cheaper than that , it can get down to 600 $ . 
  engineering and medicine related careers are far more expensive on the other hand . 
  in any event , we pay much more taxes than you do , its not like `` its free '' , the difference is that in our case we pay the goverment for it and in yours you let the universities and the banks speculate with the cost . 
  i know , in spain is the same , if you go to a private uni you are ( most likely ) just buying the degree , as oposed to the usa culture of private its better . 
  private universities are expensive in europe aswell , comparing the tuition of a usa university with a public university from here makes no sense . 
  well compared to usa certainly is , so long as you go to a public university . 
  its not that simple . 
  you have to have the formation in the right field , computers work for me , i do n't know what it is for you but still , there is many educated people who has had to switch careers because there is no jobs anymore . 
  there are few sectors that survive without problem , i was about to say `` thrive '' but actully salaries suck . 
  i was laid off once , i spent the last 2 weeks of the job gathering references and looking from a new job ( it was a friendly layoff ) . 
  went to 3 interviews and gave up the search because i thought i might aswell spend a `` school summer '' . 
  one of the interviews paid off and i was hired after just a week of unemployment and without losing money , but i know my case is exceptional . 
  living in madrid or barcelona also helps , as it is there where most `` high end '' jobs are . 
  yes there were a lot of dropouts who were living the life during the economic boom by laying bricks , but having a education does n't really cut it anymore unless you have it in one of the few fields that are doing okay so far . 
  spain in general its a fairly good place for homosexuals to live , marriage has been legal since 2005 and most people are ok with them , even among old people , who usually are more conservative . 
  certainly there is a hardcore christian movement that oposes it and i 'm sure there is a bunch of homophobes out there , but still this whole thing looks too overkill to be true , at least the burden of proof thing . 
  i read it diagonally and did n't find anything either , i thought i might had not read it carefully enough . 
  god i forgot how much writing there was in law , i 'll read it later at home . 
  yes , i agree it is a problem , but somehow leaving them loose would n't make me feel much more comfortable . 
  while is a drain , it might be worth it to have them at hand for you know , terrorism prevention . 
  whats worse than having a bunch of buthurt extremists on you jail ? 
  having a bunch of butthurt extremist out of your jurisdiction . 
  i bet if things go south with this people in turkey and they get arround to actually attack the uk , there would n't be much uk 's authorities could do about it , its not like you can send the sas down to turkey and it seems to me that turkey would rather prefer to turn the eye to other side rather than antagonizing is and ex-is militans . 
  you got your flair wrong mate . 
  hows the glorious leader doing ? 
  i hope his ankles are better . 
  i hope something got lost on translation , i bet presumption of innocence is a constitutional right and human right aswell . 
  any word on what happened to the mossos that punched to death the handcuffed owner of a gay club in the middle of the street ? 
  when you meet a spanish guy online , ask them in which part of mexico spain is . 
  works best if you are from usa . 
  i thought the best way to piss austrians off was asking them about the kangaroos, 
  if we should take the last elections results literally , we should be governed by a party called `` abstention '' . 
  catalonia arent the only ones pulling the cart and certainly are n't fending by themselves , they do pay more taxes than they receive but certainly neither are the only nor are forgotten on budget matters , catalonia is one of the comunidades that receive more money ( and rightfully so ) . 
  yep , lets justify our politicians corruption by saying it is n't as big as some other cases . 
  go fuck yourself with that specch , seriously , you know why you pay toll on every autopista on catalunya ? 
  puyol gave the concession to their homies at la caixa , i bet in exchange for some of these 4 swiss millions , and now everyday people like you and me drive and pay a toll on a highway that , in some parts , have already been paid 6 times over . 
  and lets not forget about the 3 % , or the social security funds . 
  do n't even try to justify the corruption you idiot , the day we get independence we are going to bring these corrupts with us , and now they are totally unchecked to do as much corruption as they need . 
  you should be bashing them and purging them with fire , not justifying them just because they align with your cause . 
  the fact that your cause justifies corruption only makes your cause look weaker . 
   also , if other regions/cities want to break free , why not ? 
  i do n't think santa coloma is n't going to secede from catalonia . 
  i do n't know santa coloma , but sant andreu really miss the days when they were a different village hahahaha, 
  he does n't have any idea and he does n't want to think about it . 
  look at his whole legislature , he 's done nothing , nothing at all but comply with the ue mandated stuff . 
  there is plenty of things he could be doing , like working for a no campaing , or trying to appeal the moderate independentist with some sort of agreement . 
  there is plenty to do , there is plenty of opportunity for him to get the upper hand . 
  yet he 's sitting at moncloa covering his ears like a kid and saying `` na na na trucho trucho que no te escucho '' . 
  its not only about independentist winning he 's to worry about , he should be worrying about , at least miniminizing the impact in case it happens . 
  i read it as a part of an article provided here , going to try to find it , did n't really know i would need it for the future . 
  edit : this was n't the one i read but briefly says it here :  the spanish prime minister , mariano rajoy , has repeatedly called the referendum unconstitutional , arguing that polls on sovereignty must be held nationally . 
  his position is backed by spain 's constitutional court , which ruled last month that a referendum in the powerful north-eastern region could only take place if changes were made to spain 's constitution . 
  no , it an `` unbinding consultation '' ( referendum no vinculante ) , so basically a opinion poll to test the waters . 
  whether later on a unilateral secession happens is not up to the results of this particular referendum, 
  the constitutional court have already stated that yeah , while inconstitutional , law can change given the proper circumstance and this might be one of these . 
  so basically the judges have told rajoy that the ball is on his roof and to deal with it as a political matter . 
  rajoy in the other end does n't know how to actually do any shit , so he just keeps repeating what he 's been saying in the past , through a plasma tv when possible, 
  there is no need for bribery , media is already biased , but scotland is independent enough to have their own media to brainwash citizens , so it evens out . 
  maybe is harder for a foreigner to get access to that , but guess what , foreigners are n't voting on the issue . 
  if they really had a strong case and protocol to follow within realistic reach that would address the point , propaganda would n't have worked . 
  whenever the yes said an argument , the no countered it with contundence and the response from the yes was just calling them `` fearmongers '' for instance : yes : we will be in the ue as soon as we finish the transition by 2016 as we will negociate our access from whithin . 
  no : no we wo n't , we 'll have to apply for membership once we become independent and well probably have to put up with the shitty euro too , it might take up to 5 years if not more . 
  yes : you are just fear mongering spain and belgium : we 'll actually veto that shit you 're trying to pull because it goes against our national interest , suck that !, 
  spain : also we 'd like gibraltar back no : see ? 
  we told you yes : yo uare just fear mongering , everything is going to be ok no : how so ? 
  yes : everything is going to be ok , you imperialist scum ... and there goes the democratic dialog in flames . 
  counter arguments arent hidden , there is media in favour for the yes ( as there is for the no ofc ) , which , to the very least , its relevant in scotland , if these counter-arguments would existed , there would have been enough media to cover it . 
  sure , not the bbc , but still . 
  and yeah , of course the uk had to lose , as much as the scots . 
  as we say here , `` union makes strenght '' . 
  splitting up would have only weakened both parties ( whether if that weakening would have been worth it was what were discused ) . 
  45 % speaks volumes , but i bet a 55 % yes vs a 45 % no would n't be giving the independentist nightmares over what those traitor unionist would feel . 
  yes , they 'd prefer scotland would have gained independence , but its not going to get them quiet . 
  for now they 'll talk about the celebration and example of democracy and get quiet for a while . 
  in all , next month they 'll have come back full force . 
  they 've put through worse fallbacks than this one . 
  besides , the strenght of these movements rely on how good things are going , the worse the situation the more support they 'll get ( in the end , its all populism ) , and many of these movements happen in countries where the crisis does n't seem to go away . 
  they 'll just wait until things settle down a bit and then come back full force . 
  is not like those movements were born in the wake of scotlands vote , they existed already . 
  and this is the kind of people that when given a no for an answer will keep asking until they get a yes . 
  hahahaha !, 
  rajoy is the champion of `` not doing anything '' . 
  if his house was on fire , he could not get his ass out of its house unless merkel came and pulled him out . 
  the easiest way to curb fear mongering is giving detailed and founded counter arguments . 
  much like any other independentist movement currently on the spotlight those arguments were too vague to make the fear go away . 
  things are going to be ok is n't a good political statement to throw at those matters . 
  why ? 
  check out things with greece and their neighbours , neightbours that have been trying to apply for membership but have been rejected because greece did n't like their names . 
  scotland is n't that big economy as the uk , for instance is , chances are scotland rather join the pigs than be say france or germany . 
  or the uk for that matter . 
  spain has the law to back their position , scotland needs a exception to be made . 
  spain can veto your membership into the union as much as greeze vetoes macedonia because they do n't like their name . 
  while you might think that spain is buthurt , just because it is true does n't mean they have the upper hand on you on this matter . 
  nervous ? 
  not really . 
  will this give more fuel to independentist , for sure . 
  but spain 's current statement are in line with what the policies have been since i have memory . 
  in kosovo 's war spanish fighters lead many bombarding missions over serbian 's terrritory , but still , by the end , spain opposed kosovo secession and still does n't recognize kosovo to this day . 
  any secession movement have had fast response from spanish official , thats the default policy regarding secession movements and it 's not going to change . 
  so they are not nervous about scotland , they are just reassuring they are still in the same hardline they 've always been .
