  there are lots of them , just not from the middle east , most come from north africa and pakistan . 
  you probably are more used to the later , otherwise just take a stoll arround at barcelona and enter in any convenience shop , the former are more common the southern you go and are not that rare at all in madrid . 
  they briefly inmigrated, 
  well , save for the language , you have it nicely going , and you are n't french , which also gives you points . 
  the uk is so focused on themselves it seems they have forgotten they are an actual world power and germany have been threading most of the importan issues as of lately , or at least putting the face . 
  if you are aiming to live off an eu country , you might aswell choose the one that seems the best on the news . 
  first of all its not about if mas has stolen and it is much about it is was only a 3 % he took . 
  the second of the problem is that i 'm tired of comparisons . 
  how does compare what pujol stole with any other of the corruption scandals of spain ? 
  he 's taking the fucking top ranks in corruptland . 
  how does compare ? 
  awfully , we are supposed to tolerate the corruption because `` independence '' . 
  at least everywhere else they do n't justify corruption , do they ? 
  i havent heard an , say , andaluz saying , well , psoe corruption is n't that bad because look how much the catalans are stealing . 
  i 'm worse than a cup voter , i wo n't vote to a independentist party , i 'll return to minor parties for this time again . 
  and yeah , catalonia pays more to hacienda than they receive , so do madrid and nobody makes a scene about it . 
  it happens everywhere , germany also pays more than say , greece to the eu , but that 's what goes whith being the ones that make the most money and its not going to go because `` independence '' . 
  catalunya here representing , we got our drama this sunday , will people vote for mas to pretend to fight for independence meawhile he robs more and more from public arcs ( and blame it on `` the central goverment '' not paying ) or will the people realize what is this about and vote for an alternativve independence ? 
  will they vote for the non-idependentist ? 
  will the independentist shut up if they lose ? 
  stay tuned for the biggest shit throwing contest between people that do n't realize they are actually fascists behind an ideal which does n't make sense since the last century !, 
  yes , the rest of the world puts a space only after the punctuation, 
  and he leaves a blank space at both sides of punctuation marks . 
  the problem is that eu has been ignoring for long the difficulties over ilegal migrants boating to the southern coast or trying to cross the channel between france and uk . 
  the politics have been always something on the sort of `` your borders , your problem '' . 
  refugees and migrants cost money to feed and process and that cost is paid only by the nation that is retaining them , not the one refugees want to cross into . 
  this crisis started when those countries threatened to open the floodgates , and now everyone is on a rush to try and find a solution to it . 
  there was plenty of time to sort this out before it was such a big problem , ilegal migrants have been floating dead ashore for as long as the eu has existed , now the numbers are growing out of control and these countries are not in the best shape to provide to them and are resolved to make it a eu problem , because it should be , after all , most of the mgrants who set a foot at a italian or greek beach are aiming to reach northern europe nation . 
  the problem of all of this is a terrible , terrible lack of foresee and too much reliance on bordering countries to manage the problem with little to no help at all . 
  now eu has to improvise a solution , and quotas seem to me the kind of thing they were able to agree on the fastest . 
  people who die in the street of exposure are no the kind of people who can afford to move or have the mental capacity to do so , but i catch your drift, 
  living in the mediterranean coast is fun and everything , but living in the plateau or in the atlantic coast ai n't that fun . 
  nowadays with better technology is less common , but i remember from my late childhood villages barely 100km from madrid temporaly isolated because of the snow storms , sometimes for weeks . 
  sumers are hot and winters are cold , unless you live in the coast ( or the very south ) , its not that different , temperatures drop below 0 , there is snow ( probably far less , but still ) with the aditional bonus that , on summer , we hit the polar oposite and people die of heat shock or sun exposure . 
  * sight * okay, 
  and spain , with 25 % unemployment and 50 % of youth unable to find a job , housing is a luxury . 
  thousands have been evicted and the banks are sitting in a metric shit-ton of houses that they have to carefully release to the market or otherwise the prices would go too far down and , potentially put them in the need of a new bail out ... or so they say anyway . 
  its stimated that 100.000 kids in barcelona city live in hunger . 
  and thats one of the richest cities of spain . 
  i 'm still waiting to see how they manage to spin this out and make money out of it , like filling empty houses that belong to banks with refugees ( rent paid by the state of course ) and get a commision out of it , like a 3 % or 5 % , huh ? 
  anyway , for all they have promised them , nowhere in europe we live that well . 
  he can always go back to syria and try again . 
  the problem with the nationalist in either side is that they are willing to forgo anything in the name of their cause , be it independence or the lack of it . 
  ciu ( or its new splitted up version , cdc ) are as corrupt as any other major party in spain is , but to the eyes of people like you , it is just `` anti-catalan propaganda '' . 
  the real sad part about all of this is that we have to wait for elections to have all these issues brough up ( and lets be honest , the timing has a lot of interest on the other side ) . 
  but it does n't really matter , because mas then just screams `` central goverment '' and you all guys always fall for it , always . 
  the things we have tolerated in the name of independence are horrendous . 
  its about time to see that the promised independence by ciu is nothing but an artifact to get away with stuff you would n't in other places , or well , they 's probably would , because , after all , we are still governed by the pp , but whenever a corruption case is brough against the catalan 's very corrupt ( just as any other in spain ) goverment , all you can hear is apologists making vague excuses on why we should tolerate ciu ( or cdc ) corruption but why we should never forgive the central goverment for theirs and how , somehow , the corruption here is also their fault . 
  everyone is trying to push their agenda i suppose , but is so disingenous the views people have on mas and pujol when they have been caught up in corruption scandals that would make the pp militants envious . 
  but , thats just my opinion man . 
  and as i suppose it is n't like yours , im too anti-catalan propaganda . 
  who was who said that russia history could be summed up in 5 words  and then it got worse, 
  yeah , thinking that russia started the war in the axis side and that if it were n't for the ass kicking you gave them on the winter war they would have most likely been going together for the rest of the war leaves an uneasy feeling . 
  so i guess thank you finns, 
  true , but these others are not that close for people to care . 
  well , they invented tetris, 
  after watching so many of those i 've come to the conclusion that , after all , driving arround in a surplus tank in russia is more close to common sense than to craziness . 
  who 'd have told . 
  i do n't know , the 1500 's sound pretty sweet too , at least on the international recognizement part . 
  i must admit that it has gotten better , but 90 % of americans i stumbled upon my early internet days would keep asking in which part of mexico the glorious republic of spain was placed, 
  from my armchair general knowledge , it shocks me more how , for a good couple of minutes , their btr is just stopped there while they are being obviously attacked . 
  i mean , it is far easier to hit something if everytime you come out of your hole to shoot , the target has n't moved at all . 
  at least at the end they are walking way while firing supressing fire . 
  `` puto rancio de mierda '' sounds more poetic . 
  technically , you are immortal right up until you die , so gz, 
  i think being 82 years old would somehow affect your abilities to run a country , specially in a position in which there is certain amount of stress and responsabilities other than merely ceremonial ( it 'd seem to me that putin is n't scratching his balls in his palace like the queen of uk is ) . 
  so i 'd be surprised if putin was in power in 20 years , but hey , who knows . 
  the [ argentinians deserve a mention here to ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjpg4en14ji ) a flyby as low as the quality of the video . 
  [ cockpit view ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1g-rrzbtl4 ) for those interested, 
  i 've never heard that one refered to portuguese , just a generic hairy child , but i 'm buying it . 
  yeah , come to catalunya , where police shots your eyes out of your face and burn your car and get away with it !, 
  the flag of lepe for more accuracy , if they have one . 
  its always `` un ingl\u00e9s , un franc\u00e9s y un espa\u00f1ol ... '' i 've never heard a joke about the portuguese and now i 'm curious . 
  really ? 
  where do you live ? 
  just this morning i woke up to the sound of bulls banging against my door , i barely had time to put my shoes on when it burst the door open . 
  i jumped over it ( as is tradition ) and went to the street . 
  i waited on the bull-station until the next group of runners heading towards my work arrived and jumped on the street infront of the herd and ran . 
  i did n't have time to stop in the kiosk and buy a newspaper to hit the bulls with , but its ok since over here they set the horns on fire , which helps both with dark conditions and to speed things up and give it a sense of urgency ideal for the rush hour . 
  i arrived at my work and jumped out of the herd 's way and rang the office 's door to be greeted by the hall bull , i waited him a puerta rayola , made a few passes to the amazement of the secretaries and went on to my office desk , where i met with my coworkers . 
  we partied , ate paella and then went to have a siesta . 
  most people go with [ this flag ] ( http://imgur.com/r/vexillology/9fco56d ) anyway, 
  i see him a good candidate for the peace nobel price , given the late winners . 
   it 's almost the only thing spain is good at thats bullshit , what about siesta ? 
  this is always helpful to clear confusion : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10, 
  i once read someone on facebook praising the swedish as is normal bussiness and compared it with us that , in this days we still have a monarchy , ignoring the fact that , well , sweden is a monarchy too !, 
  or whe they complain how much the youth drinks and get wasted and says that these things does n't happen in the uk ... c'mon . 
  many people complain and praise without bothering to learn the culture and meet the people . 
  what surprises me is how they hate france too , which have been one of their major supporters edit : well , [ this explains things ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3dxhhd/french_tourists_deny_to_pay_ticket_at_greek/ ), 
  shake your head slowly in disapointment towards them ? 
  and the 3 % , and the toll highways concessions , and everyone in pujols family on prison , and the shady thing with the ss funds , and the worst of all , the people who try to apologize them by saying that there is corruption also in the rest of spain . 
  thats the point , the people you are putting the faith of your newly independent country which supposedly will be a blanck slate to build from scracht , its made of the same corrupted filth that brough the crisis to this country . 
  so yes , its a fairly corrupt goverment if you ask me , exactly aas the goverment on the rest of spain , only people give them a pass beacause `` independence '' . 
  its tricky , there is a lot of people that want independence , there is also a lot that does n't want it , numbers go up and down but its pretty much 50-50 , some days is better for the independentist , whe the central goverment does somethign stupid for instance , some others is better for the non independentist . 
  but here is the deal , these most of these parties are good at makeing an independence claim not at actually governing an independent country , there is even some parties among the independentist that have n't even bothered with an electoral program followign the logic of `` independence first , we 'll figure things out later '' . 
  arthur mas have been at the front of the independence movement for so long already that i ca n't understand how people who actually want independence still vote him . 
  in the meantime he 's secured himself and his party a fairly nice and safe ride chockfull of corruption ( the mayor of barcelona earned far more than the president of spain did , for instance ) that would make the pp blush , but as he keeps promising independence at all cost , people keep voting them , then just blame whats wrong to the central goverment and voila . 
  free cake . 
  these parties are good at the managing of the independence and do n't really have any plan further . 
  many people think that we 'll be independent and all pieces will fall into place ignoring the fact that , for starters , we 'd no longer be europeans ( or at least them , since i have no plans on giving up my spanish cicizenship ) , we 'd need permision to keep usin the euro , which is somewhat manageable to reach an agreement like andorra has , but we would n't be full members , we 'd certainly cound ' t get into the ue , since spain would block each and every attempt to get us in ( ask kosovo what spain thinks of its independence ) , not to speak about the need of an army , that we would have none of , and until we get recognized as state , we most likely would n't be able to adquire any military hardware .
