  and none did . 
  the policy was to ignore the problem and she and everyone else has been following this policy until they found themselves with 1 million migrants knocking at their doors . 
  as if refugees have n't been washing ashore of greece , spain and italy for ages . 
  its sort of funny , because back when the south of europe was totes because we were not in crisis yet , migrants would just stay on these countries and the only thing that happened was criticism when something went wrong , like a huge ship of migrants sinking close to italy 's coast or a coastguar patrol running over a raft . 
  but back then was `` your problem '' , now that these migrants do n't want to stay in the southern states because honestly , the economy is shitty and they just have to walk a bit more to reach to better faring countries , anyway , now that they are reaching into northen states sis suddenly a huge crisis and everyone must be involved . 
  the root of these problems come further back than syria , there was plenty of time to tackle this problem but europe always made it be a problem for the arriving countries , well now the border countries are n't good enough for the migrants to stay , your time to take your part . 
  barcelona opened our doors to migrants and [ they never came ] ( http://www.thelocal.es/20160228/barcelona-and-the-refugees-who-never-came ) this is a whole fuckup of policies that has roots back before merkel could do anything about it . 
  it is only now you are sowing what you guys reaped ( a by you i mean the eu in general , not just germany/austria ), 
  despite spain and greece 's effort, 
  technically he would have prefered carrero blanco to guarantee the continuity of the franquism , since he was more franquist than franco himself , but he took a unexpected flight that avoided that . 
  i prefer those other cases in which people got fined for calling the police `` lazy '' . 
  liberalism is the de-regulation that happened that allowed all that land to suddenly become avaliable for construction that then turned in what you 've pointed out above . 
  which i give to you , the goverment had some more urgency applying this liberalism thing where they could benefit from the most , but thats a whole different topic . 
  the problem is n't podemos program , hell it isnt even pp or psoe 's program , or la falange 's for that matter , the problem is that when a party is able to legislate without oposition like happened in aznar and rajoy 's times with absolute majorities , all goes to shit . 
  if podemos would go and try to do something stupid , there is the oposition to stop them , so at worst what happen would be an agreement between the parties , and i 'm all up for a party that looks for the less favored classes , for as much as idealistic it might be , it 'll get tempered by the oposition into something that works out . 
  there is not a party with a 100 % agreeable program , and it 's been too long that the ruling parties have been greased ( or lobbied , as they like to call it now ) by rich people and its about time to get a change of path . 
  the housing bubble happened because too much regulation then ? 
  yes yes , i got that point in the first comment despite of what you might believe , still not one of you have made clear to me in the context of spain 's politics and political programs why i should be more concerned about podemos program and why should i trust in their capability to put it into practice without a majority . 
  or to put it at practice at all , give spain 's cronic non-compliance at all with political programs . 
  because its always nice to go for the bad examples , but i 've still got someone to explain me how all this liberalism we 've been practicing have made us any good at all . 
  examples please ? 
  because greece what ? 
  greece is not going to govern spain . 
  i was not speaking about podemos ' program , i was speaking about what from , say , pp 's program is any better than that . 
  or why the program matter at all , since rajoy went as far as not only not comply with his program but to go to its polar opposite . 
  so why so picky about podemos ' progam in particular ? 
  as oposed to what exactly ? 
  besides is not like they have an absolute majority like rajoy has had . 
  how many hands do you have ? 
  thanks obama !, 
  what threat is russia facing ? 
  you should try to go to france or germany and compare , honestly i was ... dissapointed . 
  the only person i found who could speak english on germany was a mcdonalds employee , not like you need a bachelor on english to order a mcmenu anyway , in france nobody does . 
  constantino romero 's voice for darth vader is far better and more intimidating thant the original . 
  thats it, 
  liberal as in the american sesnse of economic liberalism which is further to the right . 
  isnt that the word ? 
  well i meant that anyway, 
  its hard to make a stance about rajoy when your party has their headquarters seized because of corruption . 
  mas is conservative and pro liberal policies and its in favour of the austerity program imposed by the eu . 
  whatever party he leads is centre-right . 
  i want to add aswell that besides the more parties having a chance and throwing out the bipartidism , it 's the first time there is a right wing alternative with posibilities since aznar unified the right into the popular party . 
  the left has been always divided among psoe and iu , even tho iu has been losing steam for a while now . 
  i 've heard this comming from a psoe affiliate and maybe its just her personal opinion , but it 'd seem among militiants that pedro sanchez was selected because they were going to fail hard and the plan was in february or so in the party 's elections get this woman i cant remember the name of in front to form a more serious candidacy for the next ones ( sorry i 'm awful with names ) . 
  so basically pedro sanchez is pretty much a sacrifice , or at least was , in the end they managed to get themselves up a bit , but we 'll have to see the outcome . 
   the political views of the spanish redditor base , which is a little skewed to the left compared to the rest of the country in my opinion spain is mostly a leftist country , but the thing is that the right always go to vote and the left only goes when things go really bad . 
  we havent invited the usa to eurovision yet . 
  some words dont have 2 gender forms . 
  neither socialisto nor feministo exists , or independienta for that matter . 
  you can let pass some of those as `` nationalist movements '' for fun purposes , but grouping together catalanes y valencianos is streeching things a bit too far . 
  that people is n't registered for unemployment unless they do oddjobs every so often, 
  yes , just like it happens when they fly onto swedish , norwegian , uk , etc etc airspaces . 
  as if russia did n't have a thing for flying into other people 's airspace , sooner or later it bites you in the ass . 
  and germany is a powerhouse of homosexual rights , huh ? 
  there is not enough market as to start producing them out of scratch and they have n't been able to find an alternative combination that works as intended . 
  so well , so far it worked . 
  if yo utick the `` real time '' tab it might get you amancio ortega 1st ( he is second as of now for me ), 
  well , they mmight be `` overseas territories '' but still are under the british crown , does that count for sunsetting purposes ? 
  the sun havent set yet in the british empire , so you can still rejoice, 
  i guess you are part of the problem then , i doubt they 'll be checking for swords at every school now or that they ban swords on sweden . 
  this is a delusional individual in search of blood and vengance and as much of a tragedy that is , there is no need to fear monfer the population into thinking that this is much more than this actually is . 
  rememeber where the fear mongering with terrorism has brought us , which is this very situation . 
  i think its time to say `` enough '' . 
  i agree with you that there is an irony in that the brown people is insta terrorist , but the real problem here is no that this guy is not being labeled as such , is that we should not be labeling everyone a terrorist . 
  the mayor of barcelona was head of an association that would block evictements of people until an agreement was reached and that pushed for more humane eviction procedures , things like , for instance , that once foreclosed , the debt was cancelled . 
  all they did was stand between the police and the house to be evicted to delay the intervention or demonstrate to politicians so they paid attention to their plight . 
  they got an eu award in recognition to their effort , the local goverment had other label for them tho : terrorists . 
  i was young , but i understood the risk of getting blown up as a collateral on a terrorist attack , and i 'm not even talking about islamic terrorism . 
  you get to live with it , but its in the background of your life . 
  suddenly there is a terrorist alert and people genuinely checked under their cars searching for `` bombas lapa '' . 
  bussinesman were extorted out of their money under the threat of being kidnapped or worse and they would n't come out to the police because , they could face prosecution for paying or worse , being retaliated on , and there was not much the police could do about it . 
   with objective to kill innocent civilians , hence terrorist , no ? 
  the objective of terrorism is , i think i put it pretty clear but again , to cause terror , not to kill people . 
  killing people is just one way to do it . 
  this guy was a racist bastard with desire for blood , not to cause fear or terror . 
  september 11 , as any other terrorist attacks , were n't much about the people who died , but about the people who was left alive with their assholes plucked , which they only open now for a tsa agent to put his fist in . 
  this dude havent caused fear , he was n't in for it ( and if he was , he 's shitty at it ) . 
  much like any mass murder which happen every so often at schools in the usa , this has much more to do with a individual in search of blood and vengance rather than in him trying to terrorice the population . 
  but again , media labels everyone as terrorist to the point that the word has lost its meaning . 
  it comes to bite you in the ass nonetheless , when putin calls usa out on `` supporting terrorist '' in siria , because , in their stupidity of trying to scare monger everyone labeling everything as terrorism to justify military buget and scalation on police militarization , they found themselves unable not to label the oposition to the goverment as anything else than terrorist , because the other terms no longer mean shit . 
  the term terrorist has been ... corrupted somewhat lately . 
  now everyone and their mother is a terrorist . 
  a terrorist 's goal its to cause terror and making it last . 
  if you go and kill a bunch of people and die you are a serial murder , not a terrorist , terrorist is when you make people fear another attack or fear for their safety in the long term . 
  this dude is dead and its game over , he 's not supporting an idea or organization that can keep on his legacy . 
  spain has had terrorist groups until fairly often , ireland too , and its not all about going and killing someone . 
  yes that stuff happens too , but killing someone does n't make poeple terrified in the long term , is the possiblity of happening again that does . 
  eta would plant a bomb somewhere and then call the police and have them defuse it just to show that they could do it , and you can bet everyone was checking under they fucking car everyday to see if there was a bomb under it . 
  when there is a market for a mirror on a stick to check the undercarriage of your car looking for bombs , you have a successful terrorist . 
  otherwise you have a fucking psycopath , murderer , mass murdere , w/e , but not terrorist . 
  there is not going to be lingering terror from this attack . 
  terrorism needs an ideal or organization to live on , you can kill a man but you ca n't kill an idea and all of that . 
  the media has gone so far with the miss use of the word `` terrorism '' that you no longer can make distinctions between rebels , guerrillas , warlords , militias , para-military groups , murderers and what not . 
  now if it kills someone its automatically a terrorist . 
  its a long weekend coming ahead, 
  well , the only thing turkey have made clear all along is that they 'll not tolerate a kurd state , not that they 'd bomb isis , russia on the other hand ... 
  he was in fact trying to cover the fuck up . 
  honestly , is slightly redundant , in one hand we have a man who does nothing and on the other , we have a man who , profesionally , is required to do nothing . 
  at least the later fullfills the requiement of looking fancy and old school and his family fuels the pink press of the country , when is not the drama , is someone shooting himself on the foot or something . 
  they require you to know english to scrap shit out of toilets , they might aswell learn some too .
