  well , there was a popular case in spain in which the president , mariano rajoy , read one of these notes out loud by accident , the note said '' [ fin de la cita ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl9n0yxwl1u ) '' ( end of the quote/quotation ) and it was n't even in english . 
  so it would n't surprise me the slightlest . 
  its a common strategy in spain , i 'm going to take the opportunity to plug in here the video of [ emilio bot\u00edn speaking english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaldowqiq2m ), 
  the only ones that took this elections as a independence vote where the independentist , i voted what i though would be a better goverment regardless of their position towards independence ( which happens to be neither yes nor no ) , which was a thing you should have done aswell , since , after all is said and done , we 've been left with a shit parlament for the next 4 years , pro budget cuts and privatisation and fairly corrupt , if mas gets actually invested , which was the opposite of what the people seemed to want . 
  there was not a no option and shoudl n't there had to be a yes one , its going to be a shit 4 next years and its going to be our own fault . 
  i 'm sure that even if trum is n't directly involved in the defence business , usa 's military is fairly big , enough for it to be meshed up with other industries , you know , you buy me these submarines that do n't float , we buy your matresses for our pre built troops barracks or something like that that would somehow made profitable for him to keep the war machine rolling . 
  that does n't mean that there was a `` no '' option to vote in , again , there was a campaign to not vote yes , thats pretty obvious , but the psc dude clearly said there was not going to be a `` junts pel no '' and there was n't one . 
  we can pull europe towards america and put more sea in between maybe ? 
  is not about syria , is about russia taking the spotligh from the usa as `` world police '' . 
  i do n't remember which one was the `` good one '' , i 've listened to like 2 and i almost had a brain aneurism , so [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duocd7uekpc ) will have to do . 
  and it was `` delfin hasta el fin '' , i still dont know how the usa didnt declare war on ecuador after [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=necobo0bhek ), 
  yes , but not coming in and abolishing it just because or jumping above the law because they can . 
  the law does n't only matters when it affects us . 
  do the colonies count ? 
  because wendy sulka and el delf\u00edn sin fin would be worth a mention . 
  yes , probably abolishing syndicates we would also get cheaper goods , point is that there has to be a compromise , unregulated taxis did n't work in the past and i do n't think it 'll be different now . 
  thats not what history shows tho , taxi licenses were set up to battle the unlivable wages that taxi drives had because there were too many of them , which also affects city traffic . 
  uber is not a guy in his garage looking for the best for people , its a multinational company valued in billions that want to cut costs on employees wages . 
  fun fact , the `` asereje ja deje dejeve etc '' is actually from the opening of [ the sugarhil gang - rapper 's delight ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rktuaesacqm ) edit : links are hard, 
  i 'm surprised none has linked to [ tito mc 's la raza ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8-wss0aswy ), 
  i 'm settling for next year for the ones that actually go to the parlament , because , ironically enough , the seats are always empty save for the anti-eu mp 's . 
  the european parlament its a fucking joke not even their members believe . 
  i did , it was impossible not to , and there was not a `` junts pel no '' that needed to be voted , whether there was a campaign of pressure to vote other that yes candidatures is another thing . 
  [ i 'll let you go this time . 
  the context of this answer is that , whether that people want independence or not is moot since they have not voted in favour of the current independence process ( that might not take off after all ) , so its a no , no matter how much you try to spin things . 
  even if 100 % of them were pro independence , they would still count as no . 
  or rather as a `` not this way '' , which is a no anyway . 
  so lets keep thing spinning until they reach the ultimate truth , that there are only one way to independence and mas is our saviour , lets ignore whatever else other people think and lets get them on board when its convenient . 
   some people among the voters and the members of the party are pro independence , some are n't . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  which makes the statement true , just incomplete . 
  a even split is not pro independence , stop trying to spin the situation in your favour , if they 'd wanted to vote yes they would have but they didnt , so do n't take their ( or mine ) vote for granted , please , i 'd like to have my opinion too and not the one you want to impose on me , thank you . 
  a yes to what ? 
  there is a significant portion of voters who 'd prefer a federalized state but under spain , so while the yes is fairly prevalent , there is a split on those who want full blown idependence and those who 'd rather federalize . 
  the circus you mean ? 
  yes , in the end people complains how much the budget cuts are hurting them , with the return to classes in crowded schools that ca n't hold the student 's they receive or the always going worse healthcare and in the end people end up voting for the right wing , which will keep the cuts because , so far , they 've been the ones in favor of them . 
  i once had a girl argue me that mas was n't a rigth wing politician , so figures . 
  and i suppose you can prove tha `` its false '' . 
  the people i know who voted csqep would rather federalize , me included , so just because of that , his statement its true and you are a dirty liar . 
  no its not , there was no `` against '' movement , there was only a yes and you did n't make to the goal so you are now moving the goalpost . 
  catalonia as we know it today by itself have n't been a nation , unlike scotland , it has always been mixed in between other regions . 
  funily enough what we celebrate the september 11th is that we chose the wrong side on the succession war for the throne of spain . 
  i do n't say its a new idea , after all barcelona has been always a privileged area , i just say it does n't compare to scotland , since scotland has been a sovereign nation for themselves . 
  for more than 4 days anyway . 
  and i do n't know what people you go with or maybe is that i do n't follow football that much , but i hear as much roar on the street when both bar\u00e7a or spain scores . 
  spanish nationality is weak because being nationalist = = franco , that i give it to you , but it far from justifies nationalism , no nationalism is better than other . 
  i do n't know there , but here people hate all inmigrants equally . 
  so in only makes a difference when its convenient or what ? 
  the only cultural shock that exists in spain is between deep rural comunities and big cities , like in every other country . 
  the differences between regions are n't so great as to be shocking , different ? 
  yeah , but not shockingly different . 
  besides , scotland was a sovereign nation before it was literally bough by england . 
  that might be a oversimplification of the events going on between englishmen and scots before , but the birth of modern scotland comes to be when they ponied up all the country 's money in a colonial bet and they fucked up and ruined the country and england came in and bought them . 
  catalonia on the other hand had a bit of an affair with france and thats about it . 
  yes it will , somehow since gallardon assumed the ministry of justice he must 've done something to piss judges off , because they 've gone from shot down one of spain 's top judges ( garz\u00f3n ) for exposing and bringing cases of corruption against the goverment , to the other end of the spectrum to the point is rare that there is no announces of new imputations . 
  moreover , while they have told that , yes , a secesion would be ilegal , they 've reminded rajoy that laws change and that this is a problem that needs a political solution . 
  rajoy will propose to buy a bigger plasma tv or something like that . 
  russia have their own secessionist movements they ca n't afford to support or give legitimacy to , besides russia does n't recognize kosovo . 
  same goes with china , the only nations that would recognize catalonia are those which are n't recognized themselves by other countries . 
  usa its not so clear cut , they do n't have any reason by themselves not to give it recognition , except that it would piss off most of their eu allies . 
  no no , the main talking point on independence is n't cultural but rather economic `` spain steal us '' is all about money and not much about culture . 
  people does n't want to literally `` pay the tooth fillings of some andaluz when i have to pay mine 's here '' . 
  and thats a honest to good argument that independentist people brand . 
  culture comes second to money . 
  you obviously have n't traveled that much arround spain . 
   they are their own people who can think and represent the constituents to the best of their abilities . 
  and that can include going against the will of the majority of their constituents . 
  ( eventually they have to convince their constituents that that was a wise choice -- when elections come up -- but i really do n't think that 's an impossible task . ), 
  `` we were promised these conditions and now i can see that they are not being met , so therefore i can not , in good conscience , vote to leave at this moment , since i believe this deal does n't represent what my constituents voted '' boom , and i 'm not even a politician or have charisma , i bet they can do better . 
  going with the will of the people puts you at odd with 48 % of the electorate . 
  specially when that will is just the oposite of the 52 % will . 
  also the 48 % has the support of the people who actually have money and power , so there is that . 
  either way you are going agaisnt the will of practically half of the population, 
  majorities are always right , there is no way that ignoring 48 % of the population could backfire into you at all . 
  that great system in which the slimmest majority defines the rule of the rest . 
  the democratic thing would be to keep an scrutiny on all the step of the proccess so at least all positions get something from it , right ? 
  because if brexiteers finally cut a deal thats not what the brexit voters were promised it is still democracy , right ? 
  yes , but now its not his problem at all . 
  you wo n't lose your write offs and stuff since you have not left . 
  as for the rest of affairs , you 'll keep being a pain in the ass as you 've always been , but we 'd like you the same . 
  worse still , mr bush administration had the balls to suggest that maybe those territories spain have in the north of africa should go back to morocco after aznar sold our souls to the devil with irak . 
  so figures . 
  yeah , the syrian war has been the only one to happen this century . 
  there 's been no war in this 16 years that the usa and uk have gone a bit over the rules with torture and shit . 
  besides , spain still is on the top 10 world weapons exports , probably to syria aswell , so what gives . 
  well , the outcome its hardly a surprise . 
  i 've read that some institution ( maybe even the city council ) is taking all the footage from the vandalism and adding it to the ongoing exposition , so after all it might only been some sort of ongoing `` art project '' . 
  most of the vandals have been identified but the civic centre in which all of this is going on have n't pressed charges , so they 've been let go . 
  so maybe this was the outcome they were looking for . 
  you didnt read the fact that the organization powers lie in the local goverment ? 
  there is no need to have the law at all . 
  war i refered catalonia towards `` madrid '' and not in reverse . 
  i was basing in your `` historic facts '' . 
  really ? 
  thats what you believe ? 
  the law says that you ca n't ban the activity while at the same time giving full power to the local goverment about organizing the events , so what about if the goverment does n't organize the bullfights ? 
  we have to overthrow the goverment about a law that we did n't need not to have bullfighthing . 
  makes lot of sense . 
  this is just a petty overreaction , just because it can not be passed at a local level means we have to stop pursuing , we could go and get a ban at a national level o negociate a change in the constitution that allowed local goverments to ban the activity . 
  but no , war is the first thing we have to throw when things do n't go slightly our way .
