now the party you 're at has broken into a full on fight you do n't know what 's happening but you 're just legging it down the street . 
  you stop , breathing heavily not quite sure how the night ended up here but just on the other side of the road is that guy . 
  the boring guy who tags along to everything . 
  now you have to make small talk as you walk off to the nearest mcdonalds for some drunk food . 
  he orders a quarter pounder meal . 
  solid choice . 
  you realise he 's not all that bad and you have a few things in common but he 's a hell of a lot better than the rest of the people fighting back at the party . 
  but can you head into school/uni/work on monday and champion his cause to become class / student 's union president . 
  and that ladies and gentleman is how most britons are starring in the face the fact they might have to vote lib dem in the next election . 
  nope . 
  besides the fact it is mostly in asia , we do n't share anything in common . 
  i feel closer to australians than turks . 
  they 'd rather blame immigration for their lack of prosperity rather than there own hard work whilst being propped up by a very generous welfare system paid for by work done due to said immigration . 
  all the while complaining that the government does n't do enough for them . 
  the uk is pretty guild free in fact proud of a lot of its history . 
  starting to with this crazy government turkey has right now . 
  i think the 3 deal covers 42 different countries . 
  caribbean and african , quiet the `` melting pot '', 
  and `` multicultural '', 
  do i looked covered in stab wounds ? 
  people do n't go to an area because its a muslim or jewish area . 
  they do n't go to an area because of the crime rate associated with it , specifically violent crimes which are higher in poor areas . 
  people have no problem going to rich muslim areas but would be more concerned about going to poor `` white british christian '' areas . 
  i think since those are 2 of the nicest areas in london it proves religion has nothing to do with it . 
  there are areas that police have to escort fire service and ambulances but they are n't any no go areas for the police . 
  or skin colour . 
  they also divide on that . 
  in the uk like everywhere else crime rate and type can be associated to wealth/poverty level over race/religion . 
  i think most people would feel safer walking through an affluent area over a poor one . 
  what a fucking a disaster brexit is . 
  ( obviously i voted remain ), 
  i think the nhs matches up pretty well against many other european healthcare systems , but we do pay the smallest amount as a percentage of gdp into our healthcare system out of any industrialised country . 
  probably the nhs is the only thing to be proud of . 
  like almost everyone else from the uk , english only . 
  it 's not bullshit . 
  in the uk i would defy you to find anyone who does n't think those countries are eastern europe . 
  especially poland . 
  in the uk anything east of germany and old soviet state counts as eastern europe . 
  edit : getting down voted for posting what the general consensus from people in my country . 
  i do n't understand why, 
  # 22k in student loan debt . 
  but nothing to worry about as i only have to pay it back if i start earning over # 19k a year . 
  then i have to pay 9 % of what ever i earn over # 19k . 
  gets written off after 30ish years anyway . 
  besides that i would expect a mortgage in the future but honestly with the price of houses right now i expect to be renting forever . 
  with the interest rate so low it 's so cheap to borrow and rent so high only the older generation who already own houses can afford the down payment and then get a cheap mortgage on a 2nd or 3rd property, 
  oh my mistake thought everyone in usa had to do the pledge . 
  btw britain does n't have state run media . 
  just we decided it was good idea to fund impartial programmes that can research topics that are n't profitable and with no adverts . 
  means we do n't have to watch fox news , 
   we are taught from an early age we are `` the greatest '' and `` most important '' , country in the world add in the pledge of allegiance and how much you revere the military , do n't americans ever look at themselves and think they 're not so different from north korea or china ? 
  outside eu - created sinkholes in cities of african/caribbean origin areas of people . 
  large towns with huge islamic communities that are anti integration ( bradford , luton etc ) . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgkmi1wv0ps ) this has lead to the rise of edl bnp etc right wing nutters . 
  eu immigration massive positive effects . 
  they boost our economy , pay in way more than they take out . 
  in my experience really hard workers and do loads of jobs british people wo n't . 
  fucking northern idiots blaming islamic immigration on the eu . 
  fucking fucktards . 
  you could try applying for the bachelor 's level degree but with poor grades i doubt your chances . 
  uni is cheaper in europe and as such you ca n't just buy your way in . 
  essentially we become 1 country where no matter where you are you have the same rights and a nhs everywhere so if you get treated in france it 's free and the same quality as in poland . 
  i really hate devolution . 
  it 's wrong to discriminate on race , gender , sexuality etc so why not postcode as well . 
  we end up keeping country borders for sports teams and bants . 
  i 'm for it . 
  most people are n't . 
  european countries are too small on there own . 
  no empires are coming back . 
  we need to stick together to have world influence or more importantly not get fucked over by usa china etc, 
  no the words `` united states of europe '' flung around in the leave campaign was scaremongering, 
  most laws only relate to making the common market smoother . 
  this . 
  people were n't actually supposed to vote leave . 
  1 ) farage is talking bollocks . 
  the uk will be worse off as trade to the eu is is a larger % of overall trade for the uk than the eu to uk . 
  the # is falling and we import almost everything . 
  prices are going up already before any trade tariffs etc. 
  2 ) people voted leave `` cos immigrants innit '' 3 ) leaving is a fucking stupid idea . 
  i hate my country right now . 
  as brit i do n't have a `` feeling '' that we need to be in the eu but as the pros are bigger than the cons i 'm all for staying in, 
  i 'm not american ... 
  why so ? 
  i just do n't think eu immigration is a big issue and definitely not worth the irreversible economic crash . 
  [ please watch this ] ( https://www.facebook.com/universityofliverpool/videos/1293361974024537/?pnref=story ), 
  leave campaign scaremongering . 
  double barrel shotguns and single action rifles only , with a complete ban on semi , fully automatics and handguns . 
  also its a ballache to get a weapon . 
  making it a less deadly ( shoots less bullets , harder to concele etc ) along with controlling who can own one makes gun crime lower . 
  so i 'm against limiting it to police + military but definitely for limiting to who in general population can have won . 
  no , education has helped tolerance of other people . 
  although the new extreme right wing `` christian '' groups like britain first hate on muslims but i doubt anyone in britain first has actually ever been to a church . 
  cheaper than us i think . 
  i 've made a few friends from na who came to my uni to do their degree . 
  so i 'd recommend it . 
  oh do n't get me wrong . 
  she 's still too right wing for any european country . 
  ahhh you assume . 
  no everyone generally has the same opinion on american foreign policy . 
  1 ) it 's america first 2 ) america sees itself as the world police 3 ) they 'll intervene anywhere they like does n't matter if it 's democrat or republican that always seems to be the case .
