better to be famous for unintentional death than intentional death ... 
  i am so sorry you had to experience such stupid bigotry in this country . 
  good of her to stand her ground , i would hate for the uk to leave the eu but the eurosceptics should n't ruin it for everyone . 
  i read somewhere that quebec has seen a rise in unionism recently , is this true ? 
  hahah i doubt that considering the danish monarchy has the support of 80 % + of the population i believe ? 
  i went to the netherlands a couple of months ago , was amazed by how helpful everyone was and how nice and clean two cities i went to , amsterdam and leeuwarden were . 
  20 minute difference ? 
  that must have been strange in baarle-nassau . 
  i 've been championing the eu but now i just look stupid . 
  i 'm still pro-eu but i am so worried about the political backlash and it 's the eu 's fault . 
  what the hell were they thinking ? 
  that 's a trait we share with our friends across the pond though . 
  the media certainly does n't mirror me or my friends , pretty much everyone i know is either pro-eu or is indifferent on the issue . 
  granted i am of the younger generation so i guess that makes sense , but yeah honestly it 's no where near as bad as it must seem . 
  can someone do a short hand pros and cons of adopting the euro ? 
  as a brit i 've been interested in whether it would be a good idea . 
  cheers . 
  remember there 's 8 % do n't knows as well so it averages at 60 % in , 40 % out which really is n't that bad . 
  remember the scotland referendum result was 55 % in favour of union . 
  see r/europe , most of us do still like our whole union deal we have going on here , our eurosceptics are just very loud . 
  i really dislike the conservative party , but ken clarke is one of the good guys . 
  if the party was run how he 'd like it to , the tories really would n't be that bad . 
  barroso , the enemy of both scottish and british nationalists . 
  is it true that denmark shifted from being pretty eurosceptic to one of the more europhile of the eu states ? 
  can the uk one day be the same ? 
  i sort of doubt it , but it 's a thought . 
  not bornholm though so denmark is still around . 
  the government is trolling us . 
  i agree that many pro-eu politicians are far too quiet . 
  the labour party is pro-eu i guess , but they do n't like to remind people of that due to the fear of ukip . 
  at least labour have n't come up with the completely ridiculous idea of trying to remain in the eu while restricting the free movement of people as many prominent conservative party politicians have ... 
  shetland and orkney are nordic , uk can into nordic !, 
  no , land grabs are wrong and spain may have been wrong to annex the city at the time but if the people there now no longer want to be portuguese you ca n't force them to be . 
  you are justifying forcing people to live in a country they do n't want to live in . 
  sigh , but having owned the land once does not give you a legitimate claim , spain should learn this as well . 
  if 99 % of olivenza wanted to be spanish , would it be fair to force them to live in portugal ? 
  portugal will have a legitimate claim if the people there want to be part of the country , but if they do n't you ca n't force them to live in a country they do n't want to . 
  this is why spain 's claim to gibraltar is ridiculous , history is not justification . 
  sweden forcefully swedified scania and one look at history will show you the people wanted to remain danish but hey history happened and the province has now settled with sweden so it would seem silly for denmark to say `` give it back because we had it once upon a time '' . 
  if it 's been like 300 years then yeah . 
  should sweden return scania to denmark ? 
  under your logic they should and that 's just one of many examples , where do you draw the line ? 
  if i was supreme overlord i 'd restore democracy but with a proportional voting system for general elections . 
  what is the opinion of the people who live there , do they feel spanish ? 
  this time denmark is taking a more subtle approach to invading britain . 
  it was interesting to see an article about copenhagen on the front page of the bbc , it 's literally the article taking up the most space on the home page right now . 
  i wonder what it is in vatican city ey, 
  for anyone wondering what 's going on in the uk , it 's to do with the uk 's three distinct legal systems . 
  english law ( england and wales ) , scots law ( scotland ) and northern ireland law ( northern ireland ) . 
  northern ireland probably wo n't legalise it anytime soon due to the most successful party there being the dup who are very homophobic . 
  not an unexpected result but an unfortunate one nonetheless . 
  you know you 're being stupid about denmark when even the swedes are talking against you . 
  we sort of had to hand it over , hong kong was on a 99 year lease or something . 
  your comment stood against the whole uk education system . 
  i feel as halk is saying , it should be stressed that it 's not about feeling `` more english/scottish/welsh / northern irish '' , you can simply be both without having to compare . 
  i would never say i am more british than european because well , i know i am both and i do n't have to think of which one comes first . 
  literally everyone i know knows the eu flag , please do n't generalise based on the comments of one individual . 
  i 'm sure your country has its share of ignorance too . 
  you can come too germany , you just need to send out a search party to locate someone who could hold the title of german royalty . 
  i came back from a holiday in freisland a couple of weeks ago and wow , hell yeah would i want a union with y' all . 
  well denmark , they 're not part of nato so why not have another go at grabbing scania back ? 
  i struggle to see your point here ? 
  a quid for a pint of thatchers , what ? 
  in bath it 's around # 3.60 in most places and we 're somerset !, 
  labour were divided on the issue , largely the point of the referendum was to avoid a big party split . 
  what 's wrong with northern ireland ? 
  that 's fine , with that attitude i 'm sure the feeling is mutual . 
  what was that based on , the fact that ukip are very vocal ? 
  he will be fixing things within fifa , such as results . 
  hence why same-sex marriage should be legal so that every person can marry the person they love , instead of just heterosexuals . 
  we may both be able to do the same things , but the law is clearly in my favour and therefore not equal if i am allowed to marry the person i love because i happen to like women whereas my friend may not because they like men . 
  what / u/juleppunch said , also let me word it a different way . 
  if i as a heterosexual person can marry the person i love , but my friend as a homosexual person can not marry the person they love , we do not have equal rights . 
  if i can marry my girlfriend but my friend ca n't marry his boyfriend we do not have equal rights . 
  ah yes , because i 'm from the uk i must agree with every policy that comes out of it . 
  i actually went off on a bit of a tangent about how i think the issue of equality should go beyond what is important to most people , in practical terms yes , the issue wo n't stop too many people voting cdu . 
  the idea of all citizens having the same rights is pretty damn important , it 's not just an issue of `` some people think this , some people think that '' like with say , issues on the economy or welfare . 
  surely within 10 years germany will have same-sex marriage ? 
  there are few things in life more frustrating than low turnouts at elections , especially when you can have a big guess as to the interests of those who did n't vote . 
  good luck ireland !, 
  really ? 
  you guys are pretty progressive these days i thought . 
  have n't heard anything new from this debate in a while . 
  i know there 's an election coming up in some months , if whatever spanish government is formed keeps the current government stance , is there anything independence campaigners can really do ? 
  government pledges rarely sound bad , what remains to be seen is all the cuts that are n't in this list ... 
  i will be amazed if we pull out considering all the powerful who hold interests in remaining in the union . 
  i 'll be out campaigning in a couple of years , well , depending on the exact date of the referendum . 
  the nigel farage party realised pretty fast that they 're not much without nigel farage . 
  what like when she called all no voters selfish and that the indyref was rigged ? 
  the snp did not run on an independence campaign . 
  polls consistently show if there was another referendum right now it would still be rejected and yes the polls for this election were clearly pretty off , but i do n't believe support for indy scotland is on the rise . 
  it 's the age many would consider to be when you become an adult . 
  of course businesses like to think of anything 15 or above as adult because they love to charge people more . 
  time to prepare the fleet . 
  edit : on a serious note , as / u/exforeignlegionnaire said , it was to do with the fact that switzerland is right in the middle of a block of eu countries , i ca n't see russia joining the great european federation either and they 're in europe ( well , a big chunk of it anyway ) . 
  oooo i 've always wanted a lesotho !, 
  there will always be switzerland stopping us calling europe a country . 
  yes , but `` is an island nation '' and it clearly calls the uk a country . 
  pretty much , you using wikipedia as an argument while also saying that the uk is n't a country does n't really work . 
  you can use the bbc as a source of information , almost everything there is just bare untwisted facts .
