  i suppose he does have some power by influence , he is a well-known face and what he says will end up in the press . 
   can anyone explain why my norway flair does n't work ? 
  no , but i have noticed you have n't had one for like a week or two . 
  have you tried resetting it ? 
  to traditional swedish cuisine belongs a lot of stuff that does n't have fancy names . 
  the type of dishes that are just called descriptive things like `` oven-baked salmon with boiled potatoes '' . 
  there 's lots of fish and potatoes , and there 's some roasts and steaks etc. 
  reindeer , moose and other wild meat is also relatively common . 
  northern european food is often focused on preparing high-quality ingredients in fairly simplistic ways . 
  you just let the ingredients speak for themselves . 
  different strokes i suppose , but i do n't really see what 's not tasty about that . 
  i think that 's mostly a misconception . 
  i have never had food delivered and it 's not that popular here to my knowledge . 
  but a quick googling tells me you can * at least * get pizza , kebab , salads , sushi , thai , chinese , traditional swedish and hamburgers delivered in my hometown . 
  but possibly more , as i said i 've never ordered delivered food in my life . 
  it 's true . 
  swedish is much older than the old norse the precedes it ...  nah , i meant ` until ' 1281 ( a.d. ) . 
  just clumsy writing on my part . 
  old swedish is usually dated 1225-1526 , that 's what * v\u00e4stg\u00f6talagen * is written in . 
  i meant ` until ' 1281 ( a.d. ) . 
  it was written earlier and there are partials of it from years before 1281 , but that is the earliest year of the complete text . 
  sorry if it was unclear . 
  i should stop redditing in the middle of the night without sleep . 
  you 're of course right . 
  i blame sleep deprivation , should n't reddit in the middle of the night ... 
  i suppose it 's not entirely easy to pinpoint when it was written . 
  some historians say the 800s bc , others that it was contemporary with the war . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's still the oldest text we read in swedish class , so at least that 's not wrong . 
  the iliad . 
  ~ ~ \\ ~ 1200 bc . ~ ~ & nbsp ; -- ^ ( edit : oldest texts relating to the swedish language : old norse poems from the 800s . 
  oldest text of `` swedish '' specifically : * v\u00e4stg\u00f6talagen * , -1281 . ), 
  hmm , interesting . 
  ca n't say i understand them , but i did n't really need the flags to come to that conclusion . 
  i do like that one guy in the picture who showed up with a flag that looks very norwegian to me . 
  must n't have gotten the right color memo . 
  wait , so did a far-right group take an originally anti-nazi flag designed by , and named after , a person who seems to have belonged to the social left wing ... ? 
  what 's up with all the nordic cross flags ? 
  small may be the wrong word , but the ones in the basement are industrial grade so in comparison it feels small . 
  that 's why i call it such . 
  it 's a top loader with a load capacity of 5 kg . 
  it 's an electrolux but i do n't know the model , it was here when i moved in . 
  it does n't take up much real estate and i have it crammed into the corner since it 's top loaded . 
  the absolute smallest possible are the wall-mounted ones i suppose . 
  i know both electrolux and daewoo has some , possibly others too . 
  but they do n't take a lot and i think their program range is limited . 
  also they 're wall-mounted and will leave a mark on the wall which your landlord may not like . 
  sorry , ca n't help you there either . 
  everyone i know speaks english , i do n't know anyone who does n't . 
  but hopefully you got your answer from the other responses . 
  a small one in the bathroom . 
  big ones in the communal laundry room in the basement . 
  this does n't really compute . 
  if the `` you '' can understand the question they 're not non-english speakers . 
  as for me , i do n't know . 
  i ca n't really judge a language i speak fluently as a whole , and i do n't remember the time before learning it . 
  yeah , a dozen is a common number for things , i 've just never heard it for this . 
  but as said it 's not proper traditional etiquette , but unless you 're at a very formal banquet you do n't really have to follow those exactly . 
  according to traditional etiquette ( at least swedish ) you should always wait for the host/hostess ' go ahead or until * everyone * has gotten their food . 
  this is expected during things like the nobel dinner with hundreds of guests too , usually each table has a host . 
  i 've never seen the claim that it 's ok at twelve people , but i have heard the rumor that etiquette rules state eight . 
  that most likely comes from eight being the limit of people where you have to individually toast with . 
  but this is just traditional proper etiquette . 
  if you 're not at a banquet with the king , 8 + is a good rule-of-thumb most accept . 
  as long as the people in your immediate vicinity has gotten theirs . 
  that is how it starts ... 
  but no , i only count the actual ones . 
  do n't know if they progressed to full-fledged ones after we graduated , did n't keep in touch . 
  but back then it was only parties . 
  is snus easy to get ahold of in finland ? 
  considering the eu-ban i mean . 
  snus is ~ ~ better ~ ~ * less horrible * for you , you 're welcome . 
  even if the eu is trying to prevent our spread of superior tobacco products . 
  about that , yes . 
  many quit or go over to only snus . 
  but that result is also from a survey and i do n't know how the question was phrased . 
  could 've been everything from `` do you smoke daily ? '', 
  to `` have you smoked ? '' . 
  thinking of my own class , i think it was 16 % regularly + 5 % party smokers . 
  but the programme i went did n't have the highest share of smokers , it differed quite a bit between them . 
  set out to use it a bit every day or at least a few times per week . 
  watch some german tv , read books , chill on / r/de , whatever . 
  fluency disappears frighteningly fast . 
  it 's something i noticed firsthand that after i 'd moved here from spain and went from using it everyday to barely at all . 
  in the international baccalaureate you have to do service work . 
  so yeah , i did it . 
  have n't heard that the national programmes here in sweden require anything like it though . 
  that is correct , but why do you ask ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  not that i know . 
  * tarok * is the original swedish name for tarot cards , but they have more of a reputation for cartomancy than playing with here nowadays , and are n't very common in general . 
  the only type of playing cards really used to any measurable extent in sweden is the standard 52-card deck from ace to king . 
  i do n't recognize any card game like the one you 're describing , but that does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  the punch drunk in europe is and was vague with a lot of variation , punsch is a specific drink . 
  punch is as said called `` b\u00e5l '' in swedish , named after the english `` bowl '' . 
  punsch is called punsch , because that 's what it is , it 's own thing . 
  punsch is a specific type of drink made from arrack . 
  the comment was about that specific thing . 
  it does indeed have similarities with the `` five ingredient '' punch from india , but there are also differences in particular with the spices . 
  as i said it can be considered a subtype of punch , as that is a very broad term , i was just saying the two are n't the same . 
  it 's a subtype just like sangr\u00eda , pi\u00f1a colada , mojito , caipirinha etc.
