makes sense !, 
  from my ( possibly misinformed ) perspective , it seems like you have similar government systems , social and political views , are relatively homogenous culturally , and have similar economies . 
  from my individual , and american , perspectives , in my experience , people from those countries hold similar social and political views to each other . 
  as an american , that 's what i would have thought . 
  fair enough !, 
  the usa is rather diverse as well , so i understand , from a somewhat analogous sense . 
  no country is 100 % similar to your own , but i chose canada , since it seems the closest overall , though there are differences , of course . 
  i mean , obviously , a place like new mexico is not going to be the same as a us state located in new england . 
  i 'm an amateur radio operator and the first country i talked to when i got my license was cyprus . 
  the operator on the other end was very friendly and a pleasure to talk to . 
  why do the cypriots not like you greeks ? 
  yes . 
  in other states they can outright ban them , but non can be less restrictive since this is a federal law . 
  i believe i agree with you there . 
  i 'm not a vegetarian , but that 's a personal belief rather than a national one , but the reason i have not hunted yet , is that is i were to do so it would be to put food on the table , and for fun secondarily . 
  i do not know how to properly field skin an animal and i wo n't hunt until i can do so . 
  with some species it can be done sustainably and even help the environment . 
  here in my state ( province ) of florida , wild boars , which originally came from spain hundreds of years ago are destroying our native environment and killing our local wildlife . 
  they also breed like rabbits and happen to taste rather good . 
  there is a reason why our state government has no quota limits on wild boars here . 
  in this case , the moral ` correct ' thing to do is to help hunt the boars as environmental scientists agree their existence in our state does great harm to our delicate natural ecosystem . 
  and a free , naturally sustained meal is a plus too . 
  edit :  especially when often they suffer needlessly or just stay wounded for a prolonged period of time . 
  a well-placed shot will kill the animal humanely and in a matter of seconds . 
  all hunters i know take this very seriously . 
  you should check out the [ forgotten weapons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/forgottenweapons ) youtube channel . 
  he does an incredible job , and do n't worry , it 's politics free . 
  target shooting as well as keeping it in my home in the horrible event someone breaks into it . 
  ( which does happen from time to time in my area ... ), 
  the reason i had the sight picture is because the album was created months ago to show my friend the sight picture through magpul mbus pro sights as he considered purchasing them . 
  i was n't about to take another picture for no reason , and i figured more information would be better . 
  i 'm sorry you were scared by photographs of a sight picture , and i 'll try to be more sensitive next time ... 
  as i said , i do not hunt . 
  but i find it intriguing that you find it cruel . 
  i would much rather to eat an animal that lived it 's life [ here ] ( http://www.huntthenorth.com/_images//pheasant3.jpg ) than one bred and lived its entire life in an industrial farm like [ this ] ( http://cdn.modernfarmer.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/chickfarm3.jpg ) one . 
  but nonetheless i appreciate your comment !, 
  how is it weird in the slightest ? 
  those images are to serve as representative images of what one might find at our shooting ranges , in the same manner that a scholorly medical text may show gristly photographs in the name of convaying an idea . 
  you can call it a fetish item , or other such object if you prefer , but in this example it only serves to show what you might see , such as this [ sportsmen 's quail guns ] ( http://www.highadventurecompany.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/chargot-gun-swap.jpg ) . 
  the photo was taken in the united kingdom , for reference . 
  we also compare such things to the us because that is what we know . 
  the usa is massive and traveling between our states is the same distance as many european countries . 
  we also have an ocean between us and you , so traveling to europe is hideously expensive , so naturally one might compare something to the usa in asking about country x or culture y. 
  confirmation bias , to some extent . 
  firstly , reddit is a very usa dominated website , so you 'll see more from us . 
  secondly , if i have a question about your culture and such , i will do my best to search for the an answer on my own : in books , videos , questions people have already asked , and more . 
  you do n't see this because i can get an answer to my question without needing to post on this subreddit . 
  i am only posting here now , because i wish to hear european reddit 's opinion on this particular topic , and it 's framed in a way that it 's not typically asked . 
  i did not care to bring it up , but on / r/askanamerican we get a similar scenario where non usa citizens will ask `` why do americans _______ when ______ is clearly superior ? '', 
   but i think the majority gets some kicks out of the manly aspect of controlling a murderous power . 
  it 's interesting that you think that . 
  our media definitely portrays this wrong , because of all the gun owners i know , only 1/25 or probably less think similar to this way . 
  and only real crazies would love the idea of holding `` murderous power '' in their hands . 
  i got ya . 
  if the writing comes off that way , i 'm not on edge , as it is hard to properly convey emotion through text . 
  what i mean to say is , because i do care , and seeing as this is somewhat the purpose of this subreddit as a cultural exchange , i kind of thought that it does matter , especially since almost every european i have met in person , including a dane , criticizes americans for not being `` world-minded '' enough . 
  for me , punching holes in paper \u2260 being proud at training for killing / defense . 
  these are two very different things . 
  i really do n't all about or boast in any way about training for my own self defense , and i approach it very solemnly and seriously , but it just so happens that the tools for that happen to be great for recreation as well . 
  and that aspect , i am very lively and exuberant about . 
  besides , what is better than taking something which admittedly had a grim purpose and using it for something fun and makes for a great weekend ? 
  why would i troll ??? 
  read my comment history . 
  i 've never done anything of the sort and it 's rude to assume i am ... 
  but believe it or not , i would love to have those drinking and marijuana laws in the usa . 
  and soon marijuana may even be legalized here too , as opinion is shifting toward it rather fast . 
  did i ever say the whole region is not interesting ? 
  it seems as though you are setting out to antagonize me , when i read and enjoy the complex history and views of that region of the world when it americans do n't bother . 
  i even decided o post here ... 
  we would call them rimfire rifles , or just a .22 ( referring to .22 calibre , and we would not pronounce the '' . 
  '' , so one would say : i am going out to shoot my `` twenty-two '' later today . ), 
  my marlin rifle in the first picture in the bottom of my post is one such rifle . 
  i hope that helped !, 
  all the ones i 've been to certainly are . 
  the staff are committed to safely and will help train and instruct you . 
  if i were ever in one of the european states where i , as a foreigner , could target shoot , i would absolutely love to . 
  right , exactly . 
  and to answer your question , there places where you can rent automatic weapons , but they are a minority of gun ranges . 
  they 're in a safe and controlled environment and they will train you before they let you use them . 
  i will spare you the details about the legal reasons as to why they can , but know it 's very highly regulated , and extremely difficult if not impossible for a civilian to become a ` manufacturer ' just to own them . 
  yeah , i 'm ... shall we say , not a fan of his . 
  ( dan blizerian ) he is essentially the fantasy of what americans wish we could be , but not what life is really like . 
  he only has those automatic weapons because : a. 
  he is extremely wealthy . 
  he had to become ` friends ' with a legal manufacturer of machine guns to barrow them in their presence . 
  machine guns are virtually banned in the usa . 
  no civilian can personally own one produced after 1986 , so the ones made before then cost around $ 20,000 usd on average , so only the very rich own them , and they do not commit crimes with them . 
  in theory you 're right . 
  in practice , i hear far too many stories of thieves and rapists shooting their victim afterward in the heat of the moment . 
  if that individual decides to come at me with a deadly weapon , they know the possible consequences . 
  i refuse to allow myself to become a victim . 
  but that 's my reason , at least . 
  overall , i 'd say you 're right . 
  while i use them primarily for recreation , the reason i * own * mine as opposed to renting them is for self-defense , which i take very seriously , as a last resort only . 
  i just really did n't mention it because i 'm sure you have heard all about that before ... 
  you 'll often see them for different reasons . 
  the reason i own my ar-15 is for home defense reasons due to slow police response times , but that is n't to say i do n't use it at the range . 
  in fact , it 's my favourite rifle to target shoot with !, 
  but there 's often crossover . 
  when i am at the range , i 'm training in the use of my weapons , but firstly , just to have fun .
