  i do n't prefer one over the other . 
  so , contrasting the two sides of my family , i would add `` german heritage '' as a word to describe my mom 's family . 
  i would n't know how else to describe it . 
  it 's not about getting older , it 's as your financial life gets more complicated , which tends to happen the older you get . 
  i use turbotax too , which really helps . 
  i am a freelancer , so that adds some complexity - i have to itemize and keep track of everything , including business expenses . 
  i have investments - trade the stock market or invest in prosper or something like that ? 
  there are more forms you have to fill out . 
  it 's not hard , it just takes more time , more organization ( receipts ) , and more typing . 
  just as an aside , i do n't have an iphone , i have a moto x. 
  they were just sold to lenovo ( china ) so this probably wo n't apply anymore . 
  i purchased my phone for $ 300 usd brand new , and it is made in the us , texas to be exact . 
  so i do n't think it would cost $ 1500 to assemble an iphone in the us or poland or wherever . 
  google made it work , and the phone is both good and affordable . 
  http://www.theverge.com/2013/9/11/4717796/made-in-america-a-look-inside-motorolas-moto-x-factory for those interested . 
  i have to tell you i would not want a human-wide democratic governing institution . 
  i think generally the closer and more local power resides , the better for the people . 
  can you imagine how difficult it would be to have your voice heard by a global institution ? 
  welcome to the san francisco bay area , hope you like it here !, 
  my neighbors are russian , but i have n't asked them what they think about it . 
  the woman does n't speak english very well , so i would bet all of her information comes straight from russia . 
  in general , americans and international geography just do n't mix . 
  only 30 % of americans hold passports ( and that 's a much larger number than it used to be , because it 's now required for travel to canada and mexico , i believe . ), 
  part of this i think is due to geography and money . 
  europeans can travel to different countries for much more affordable prices than an american . 
  for a british citizen to go to europe is n't that big of a deal . 
  a one way ticket in may from london to venice is a whole 30 pounds on ryanair . 
  as a californian , the only place i can fly for that kind of money is vegas or los angeles . 
  i ca n't even really get too far out of my state . 
  international travel ( thousands of dollars ) is out of the budget of many americans , so that 's one reason . 
  it all becomes `` over there '' where i will never go . 
  i ca n't speak to the education system because i went to school on an air force base ; most of the students had lived in other countries , so they knew geography . 
  i really like m\u00e5ngata - i had never heard it described as a road before , so that opened my eyes up that it does indeed look like a road . 
  you should probably add that / s tag . 
  on a personal note , i ca n't wait to do more trade with europe because you guys have all kinds of neat stuff we ca n't easily get in the us . 
  i wish they sold french yogurt at the supermarket . 
   strategically as many of you said we need to find a way to get this done , to all of our benefit . 
  the us needs to bend and give some things up , so i hope you guys negotiate well . 
  i want to do as much free trade as possible with people who are invested in peaceful , democratic institutions and liberal values . 
  i like the map room at the vatican . 
  they spent a lot of money displaying all that they owned . 
  i do n't know , but that is a glorious flag . 
  i would like to decorate my kitchen with it . 
  i love that i am in new canada . 
  since china is maintaining neutrality , if russia paid ( or traded hydrocarbons ) would china be able to supply them ? 
  i see there are fabs in china . 
  what 's your other option ? 
  the metric system ? 
  that 's french too !, 
  they have you surrounded . 
  point made in the article you linked to was that russia lacks the manpower they used to have during the su years . 
  could be one possible draw to invading ukraine , especially the southern and eastern parts which are more russia-friendly - expanding the military . 
   it was signed by roma nord , movimento sociale europeo , contro tempo , xx flotta , comunit\u00e0 militante formello , ostia . 
  the city authority quickly set about removing the posters . 
  are these big influential groups in rome ? 
  did they take credit for posting them ? 
  also ( just posing questions ) what does not being in favor of obama and nato have to do with being pro-putin ? 
  wise choice i think . 
  russia 's been on a tear with increasing military spending . 
  92 % increase since 2010 , 18 % increase for 2014 , 21 % increase planned for 2015 . 
  i think i see a pattern here . 
   russian government data has confirmed that the defence budget will increase by 18.4 % in 2014 in line with previously announced plans . 
  the increase means that military expenditure has now increased by 92.3 % since 2010 in nominal terms . 
   figures released by the russian federal treasury on 25 march show that ambitious spending plans , first announced in 2012 , continue to be adhered to despite a marked slowdown in economic growth since that time . 
  expenditure on national defence will rise from rur 2,101.4 billion ( usd 58.2 billion ) to rur 2,488.1 billion and will increase from 3.1 % of gdp to 3.4 % . 
  current spending plans show that the defence budget will rise by a further 21.7 % in 2015 to rur 3,026.9 billion and 11.6 % in 2016 to rur 3,378.0 billion . 
  source : [ jane 's ] ( http://www.janes.com/article/35911/russian-commits-to-18-budget-rise ), 
  in terms of international reporting in the english language , it is one of the better ones . 
  when i took political science classes at the university i went to , we had to subscribe to the christian science monitor - prof said because of quality of the global reporting . 
  i think it 's great , ca n't wait to see it launch !, 
  there 's a whole argument in the comments about where the nose shape comes from ... it 's from the americans , it 's from the nazi americans , no it 's from the soviets . 
  what do they propose the nose look like instead , a rectangle ? 
  that 's dugin 's philosophy . 
  he wrote this on his facebook page , in english , in response to a german post . 
  based on some other things he has said ( such that liberal values are evil ) , he `` niced up '' his philosophy to persuade the german gentleman . 
   i would like to clear one point once and forever ( for mr. wiillinger ) . 
  we , eurasianists , consider the dilemma of europe not as : pro-american europe versus pro-russian europe . 
  that is bipolar point of view . 
  not multipolar point of view . 
  our vision is quite different : pro-american europe ( atlanticist , liberal , sea power ) versus pro-european europe ( continental , french-german , not liberal , land power ) . 
  for us , russians , the pro-american europe is enemy , pro-european europe is ally , friend . 
  but this european europe is conceived not under control of russia , but independent from russia , but as well as independent from usa . 
  so we struggle for europe as independent pole of multipolar ( not bipolar ) world . 
  european europe should become independent auto-sufficient entity , great space ( gossraum ) for itself . 
  russia is other grossraum , usa - third . 
  the target is balance of fourth great world zones each one consisting from few great spaces . 
  we do n't need russian europe . 
  we want to stay what we are . 
  we can have dialogue , but we do n't share west-european values . 
  they are alien for us . 
  we do n't like to impose our russian values , but we do n't accept european values . 
  there ere two civilizations : russian and west european . 
  american civilization is third one . 
  when there is multipolar order there are multiple points of decision making . 
  not one , nor two . 
  at least four , but in reality more . 
  so never the question of russian control on western europe was raised . 
  certainly not by us . 
  you are right !, 
  i did n't notice it , it was on the front page of the christian science monitor , so i assumed it was recent and did n't check the date .
