i 'm sure we 'd love to sell you lots of guns too . 
  your comment about fancy guns reminded me of this . 
  my husband bought a mosin-nagant , which is an old soviet rifle , his is ww2 era . 
  they are cheap . 
  anyways , it came with a bayonet on it . 
  so he took it to the gun range to sight it in . 
  he 's walking to the outdoor gun range , where everyone is armed , and all hell breaks loose . 
  they freaked out because the bayonet was still attached . 
  loaded weapons - ok . dull 60 year old bayonet - jesus you could hurt someone with that !, 
  amazon fresh was piloted in seattle , but is now available in san francisco . 
  google has their shopping service which i have n't tried . 
  having the groceries waiting outside the front door in the morning is really sweet . 
  back in the late 90s , there was a service in san francisco called peapod , i think , that delivered groceries to your door , but it did n't work out , they failed . 
  robots are also good for a very defined process and an established business . 
  if you are in start-up mode , you are not going to be doing it with robots . 
  humans have skills , they 're mobile , and can quickly adapt . 
  to change a process with humans requires a 5-30 second conversation . 
  `` hey can you do this and do that instead of that other thing ? '', 
  a robot would need to be programmed and possibly physically re-configured . 
  there are all kinds of places robots are n't cost effective . 
  their whole ideology is based on fracturing and weakening/destroying the un and global institutions ( you can see a lot of `` globalist new world order !!! '', 
  conspiracy stuff out in the wild - that 's what that 's about ) and weakening european nations and the united states , because as snyder pointed out they ca n't really compete head-to-head . 
  they want to set up competing regional institutions , and dominate smaller nations that way . 
  dugin , rt 's programming , and popular conspiracy theory are good sources . 
  there is a lot in conspiracy-theory-land about the evil one-world jew-banker system ; at the same time , the brics are attempting to launch their own competitive institution to the world bank . 
  i 'm sure that 's just a coincidence . 
  it 's the vowels the conservatives really find offensive . 
  sht dmn fck cnt sshle btch are perfectly fine . 
  find out why the regulators failed to do their job correctly , but guaranteeing the deposits , while painful for taxpayers , might be better in the long run . 
  protect the working capital in the hands of private investors . 
  having stable banking institutions that investors and people trust is worth a lot to your economy . 
  if you have a reputation of safeguarding money , it attracts capital and investment . 
  there are some classics in there . 
  `` mr putin never fails to impress with his logic and good will towards all people of the world . 
  he is fast becoming the thinking man 's leader of preference . '', 
  i 'll just let that one stand on its own . 
  as a thinking person , i 'm definitely voting for putin next time . 
  `` i have read the full transcript of mr putins speech from a independent website and he speaks the truth and nails the facts to the wall . '', 
  i saw one last week from poster jackwatson369 . 
  helpfully at the end of the comment , the poster signed with his real name . 
  dmitry . 
  and if you are american , and you would like to help push the visa waiver for poland , there is a petition at the polish american pac website . 
  no need to be polish-american . 
   http://pal-pac.org/petition-to-include-poland-into-the-u-s-a-visa-waiver-program, 
  i have to chime in with props for france . 
  first place i went in europe . 
  i can understand spoken french , so there is that . 
  i never approached someone and spoke english . 
  i love france . 
  we met one rude guy who lectured us ... but it was understandable . 
  we went to saint-sulpice on a sunday morning before mass . 
  we were very , very quiet , but we were looking around . 
  it was the first old european church i had ever been in in my life . 
  he yelled at us ( this is a church , not a museum ! ), 
  we were actually going to stay for service , but after that we left . 
  everyone else , even in paris , was great . 
  then there was the b&b in the dordogne , where the old man down at the breakfast table saw us , he asked if we were english , and when we said no , we 're americans , he laughed and said , oh good , i ca n't stand the english , but americans are ok !, 
  he was a riot . 
  you will see what i mean . 
  especially france and italy . 
  they dress so awesome . 
  unfortunately , you 're going to be living out of a suitcase , so you pretty much have no shot at looking that good . 
  enjoy people watching . 
  it 's fun . 
  are they even trying ? 
  who in their right mind would believe that this filmmaker was plotting to blow things up ? 
  we have a spaniard , a german , a pole , and some british filmmakers trying to secure the release of a man who did nothing wrong . 
  may i ask , where the fuck are the russians ? 
  this one 's from england , so not my country . 
  is that cheating ? 
  i love this song , lol . 
  murray head - one night in bangkok https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9mwelxpgba this one on the other hand ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39yuxikrofk, 
  i 've gone to the gun range , and had to go sit in the car to cry because the loud noises scare me . 
  i drive a small car , but most days i do n't drive , i walk . 
  german autobahns are terrifying , haha , y' all drive too fast . 
  i hate shopping . 
  i 'm pretty good at geography . 
  i speak a foreign language . 
  admittedly , i need to lose weight , that one is accurate . 
  i do n't surf . 
  have never been surfing . 
  and i 'm not blonde . 
  we are not all baywatch . 
  ( from california , other americans from other states have asked me that . ), 
  i think it 's hard to communicate . 
  jurble tried . 
  on my mom 's side , i 'm ethnically german . 
  on my dad 's side , i would say i 'm generic white american ( mostly english , but came to the states pre-revolutionary war , so any cultural customs brought over on the boat are long gone . ), 
  i 'll try to explain what this means to me . 
  my mom is ethnically german - that 's all , no other ethnicity . 
  she does n't speak german , but her parents did . 
  there are differences between my mom 's family and my dad 's family . 
  there was a feeling of german-ness in my mom 's family . 
  christmas customs ( christmas was a way bigger deal in my mom 's family ) , the way everybody gathered in the kitchen at my grandma 's house , german-style foods , german-language family bible , the kitchen towels embroidered with german peasant motifs , stuff was around that tied directly to germany or to german culture . 
  they did n't do it `` on purpose '' to maintain ties , it was just what they knew . 
  americans ? 
  absolutely . 
  but with german cultural edges , maybe as a way to describe it . 
  my dad 's family did n't really have any sense of ethnic tie to a european country . 
  i could feel the differences between the two sides .
