  sorry about that . 
  thank you for the link to the current report . 
  it 's a good english-language paper for international news . 
  i am an american . 
  i 've never met you . 
  but anytime , anywhere any of you do anything at all , i put that thought in your head . 
  did you protest ? 
  i was behind it , funding the whole thing . 
  your nation 's leaders , well they are all just puppets . 
  they do n't make independent decisions unless i allow it . 
  i pull their strings . 
  all of them . 
  everywhere . 
  the american psyche : `` there are other countries in the world ? '', 
  says in the article russians , ukrainians , and tatars aged 18-27 ( male ) . 
  ouch . 
  sorry , i 'm from california and have never been to poland . 
  never thought of you as savages ?!? 
  i , too , have been hearing lots of good stuff about poland . 
  you 're in the news right now , you 're hot property . 
  was that in the sales brochure ? 
  i do n't remember them mentioning that as one of the benefits of russian citizenship . 
  a one-way ticket to chechnya !, 
   besides , most of people do n't know about these things because most of the news outlets are owned by 5 big corporations which work with the current government . 
  i would have to say that 's not really true . 
  even the big media will sometimes cover stories about corruption in the us . 
  if you asked an average us citizen , i think they would be able to talk about government corruption . 
  it 's different than in a lot of countries . 
  here you pay your taxes , you do n't bribe cops or government officials as a regular citizen . 
  there are cases of bribery and of course lobbying , but most americans know about it in general , i would say . 
  thanks for the information , i will correct that . 
  i think you 've been hitting the canadian whiskey a little too hard , your english is suddenly * terrible . 
  i wrote this on another thread . 
  legally the referendum is meaningless . 
  de facto , it 's putting lipstick on russia stealing crimea from ukraine . 
  ukraine , the ~ ~ nation-state ~ ~ state , has military bases and strategic interests in crimea . 
  it means crimea legally is the property of the people in kyiv and l'viv and donetsk and simferopol too , the people of ukraine as a whole . 
  crimea does n't belong to the people living on it , it is the property of ukraine . 
  that 's why separatist movements do n't work out generally . 
  see : chechnya as one in a billion examples . 
  crimeans do n't have the legal right to walk away with the assets of ukraine . 
  according to the law , that referendum is illegal and non-binding . 
  that 's not how it works , but that 's what russia plans on doing . 
  they told the military they could leave the bases without weapons . 
  those bases do not belong to crimea . 
  what ukraine plans on doing to defend its own strategic interests , we shall see . 
  at a minimum , if crimea becomes part of the russian federation , russia should be showering them with huge cash payments , and that 's not even a good trade . 
  this is not going to be a popular international precedent . 
  he has a facebook page . 
  although i question why he has a facebook page , since it 's based in the us , but we 'll let that go . 
  https://www.facebook.com/alexandr.dugin the face of a liberal nato member [ imgur ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zoxrzvt.jpg ), 
  thank you , i wanted to know what you thought . 
  i did n't think he could do anything but just talk , but wanted to confirm . 
  michael mcfaul said on his facebook page today that prokhanov and dugin had got their wish for a new cold war ; and a new york times article talked about them now being swept into the mainstream . 
  you can set them straight too if you think they are wrong !, 
  a professor in moscow linked to dugin 's post and he sounded concerned . 
  so , i posted it . 
  when you dream , dream big . 
  utah and idaho under chinese control . 
  that will work out well . 
  i heard a theory that it had something to do with the frontier mentality , meaning , in the old days , you lived or died with your neighbors help , there was n't any kind of civilization as people moved west . 
  and the natives , rightfully so , were resisting . 
  that in my opinion is our national shame . 
  i went last year to a pow-wow in the southwest at one of the native american pueblos , it was the greatest thing , beautiful and inspiring . 
  if a european wants to come to the us - go to one , they are amazing . 
  probably also has to do with the fact that we are not an ethnicity . 
  might have arisen with immigrants not having mastered the language yet , but able to communicate using body language . 
  alexander dugin wrote this on his facebook page . 
  here 's the translation and a link to it . 
  this is straight-up goebbels-speak . 
  anybody want to comment on how much authority or access to power he has ? 
   march fifth column in moscow . 
  all who take part in it , will be severely punished . 
  this is not a joke . 
  is the support of our military armed enemy in our own country . 
  it is no longer simply ideological opponents , or scum thinking differently : it 's a parade of traitors . 
  today they rose against the russian people , against our country , against our history . 
  they protect the nazi invaders , murderers , and nato . 
  all participants of march fifth column sentenced ( the history , people , us ) . 
  michael mcfaul ( former us ambassador to russia ) shared this link on facebook with this comment :  read the quotes by prokhanov and dugin especially . 
  they wanted a new cold war . 
  now they have finally got it . 
  here 's some of the quotes by dugin . 
  dugin wrote the book [ foundations of geopolitics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundations_of_geopolitics ) which was previously discussed on / r/europe  `` anti-americanism has become the main ideology , the main worldview among russians , '' he said . 
  `` now , after crimea , we have passed the point of no return . 
  there will not be another medvedev . 
  there will never be another ` reset , ' ever . ''  aleksandr g. dugin , who , in the late 1990s , called for `` the blinding dawn of a new russian revolution , fascism -- borderless as our lands , and red as our blood . ''  in an interview , mr. dugin was evasive when asked about his personal contact with mr. putin , saying only that he had been `` in close contact with the kremlin , and with those in the kremlin who make decisions , '' for the last 15 years . 
  but he said the president , whom he described as a henry kissinger-style `` pragmatist , '' had embraced a version of his ideology because it served his interests domestically . 
  where has communism ever worked ? 
  i 'm willing to listen to what you have to say , but here is my understanding . 
  one of the many problems with communism is it lacks an effective market-feedback mechanism . 
  meaning , boom and bust cycles . 
  bust cycles are n't always bad . 
  when businesses go bankrupt , entrepreneurs can pick up capital equipment on the cheap to fund new businesses to start the boom cycle . 
  how do you ever have a vibrant startup economy , including lots of failures , in a communist economy ? 
  where does the funding come from for venture capitalism , is that all provided by the state ? 
  then these little startups , how do you know in a communist economy what 's a success and what 's a failure ? 
  in a capitalist market , you run out of money , you are done . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't give it another go if you can find a source of funding . 
  only for the weekend ... not for the long haul .
