  on the other hand , appointed delegates or the minister themselves supported by an existing administration are more effective . 
  if you divide the senate from the governments , the senators would need their own employees . 
  what do you have against the council ? 
  a further federalization is perfectly possible with this . 
  the bundesrat also consists of delegates or even government members of the states . 
  hello , preventing the balkanization of europe out of folkloristic romanticiziation of the past , which will be exploited by demagogues , oligarchs and multinational firms will be the struggle of our lifetimes . 
  no , westminster have . 
  but with the authoritarian drive in the uk during the last year , it probably does n't make a big difference anymore . 
  parliamentary sovereignty is so damaged that it probably needs decades to recover . 
  if ever . 
  the whole pis was against the resolution . 
  quite interesting with this big polish diaspora in the uk . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-%2f%2fep%2f%2fnonsgml%2bpv%2b20170405%2bres-rcv%2bdoc%2bpdf%2bv0%2f%2fde&amp;language=de ( 57 ), 
  but three days filled with a nonsense story ending happily , in which the public does n't need to recognize the sorry state of things . 
  slowly i get a grip how fake news could get so powerful . 
  it is not much of a difference . 
  do n't know if you underestamite the lords . 
  they amend quite a lot of laws and if the whitehall power grab bill ( great repeal ) of may passes as she wishes , it will be just a commitee of the lords which has at least a bit oversight on what government will do with its new found powers . 
  what about trianon ? 
  a great way to get hungarian fascist onto the boat . 
  and who is the sovereign ? 
  da peoples , da queen , da parliament , da polls or da ref-a-random ? 
  i insinuated with no word that the house of lords is equal . 
  only that it is part of the parliament and so part of the sovereign body . 
  you , by the way , define sovereign obviously only as an outward concept , but without an inward sovereignty the outward sovereignty is meaningless . 
  they are the two sides of the same coin . 
  that 's the problem of brexit , after defeating the outside fiend brussels , one discovers that all the talk about sovereignty is hollow since one obviously has no concept to fill it . 
  it is a state crisis . 
  and who is the sovereign ? 
  da peoples , da queen or da parliament ? 
  i insinuated with no word that the house of lords is equal . 
  only that it is part of the parliament and so part of the sovereign body . 
  you by the way define sovereign obviously only as an outward concept , but without an inward sovereignty the outward sovereignty is meaningless . 
  they are the two sides of the same coin . 
  that 's the problem of brexit , after defeating the outside fiend brussels , one discovers that all the talk about sovereignty is hollow since one obviously has no concept to fill it . 
  it is a state crisis . 
  parliament lies ? 
  http://www.parliament.uk/about/how/sovereignty/ please , tell me savage continental how glorious britain works ? 
  i 'm reigned by cuckolds and not by a well thought through system exerted by wise and well mannered statesmen and - women . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8pkbui6ipe he was n't , he came up with it by himself . 
  thank you for the overview . 
  it might be too early , but given macron wins , how will this play out in the election of the assembl\u00e9e ? 
  is his movement en marche a real party which can be voted for and is it possible that the centrist wings of the ps and les republicains join it ? 
  or will he be on its own and will have to cohabitate ? 
  wow . 
  i thought so far , he was tricked into this statement , but coming up with it by himself is really mental . 
  so a new union treaty ? 
  good luck convincing scotland . 
  then enlighten me . 
  who has the domestic sovereignty in the kingdom ? 
  you might think this chamber is superflous , it is nonetheless part of the parliament . 
  it advises the lower chamber and can delay laws . 
  it is your sovereign , subject . 
  he is a member of the house of lords . 
  the uk is in a deep , deep state and social crisis , that 's for sure . 
  do n't need to . 
  bojo insulted eastern europeans . 
  liam fox praises the colonial times in front of the commonwealth nations and elder statesmen reflect about possible wars with western european nations . 
  it is self-explaining . 
  the pigs shall shut up and listen to the enlightened considerations of her majesty 's government . 
  i wish good luck . 
  that he has experience on foreign policy matters . 
  do you expect someone being a potential foreign secretary to add fuel to the fire ? 
  i rather expect them to be calm , nuanced and careful and not recklessly talking about some d-days . 
  alone his comparison between the current spanish government and the argentinian junta in the 80 ` ies is nothing else than an insult . 
  trade on wto terms is no punishment . 
  the thing is , the uk is bad in trade . 
  even belgium has more trade with india . 
  you know , the commonwealth and so on , bla , bla , bla . 
  that makes it even worse . 
  he entertained the scenario that spain invades gibraltar . 
  says much about his mindset that he did n't reject this question . 
  as someone else has already written : these will be very entertaining and for the british very embarassing years of negotiations . 
  i pity the people a bit , but they voted themselves into this situation . 
  sad , sad years for unionists . 
  not to forget the reconquista . 
  worse than the crusader santa claus who wants to take over istanbul . 
  these damn fascists !, 
  the comments of the politicians there sound more and more like erdogan . 
  it always depends on what you compare . 
  when you take the same time of the year before , the deficit widened . 
  the goods for the christmas season are brought in before christmas , you know ? 
  yes , these are the plain trade data and not the current account . 
  the trade data are a part of the current account , but are marginalized by the money flows the uk has with its financial centre london . 
  the current account has n't much to do with exports and imports . 
  it ref\u00f6lects mostly some money flows from outward and inward investments and the related incomes . 
  the british numbers are very erratic with its big financial sector . 
  the plain trade data do n't show much change . 
  you argued as if . 
  i would be by the way fine with the perspective that the us leaves germany . 
  especially with this government . 
  the netherlands are also not really an example regarding the budget . 
  wtf ? 
  the uk does n't have to pay it directly in 2019 . 
  a big part are pension liabilities which have to be paid over the next decades . 
  would n't it be thankless to leave nigel farage at the mercy of the eu ? 
  this singapore idea ? 
  i do n't think , it will work . 
  low tax havens are very small or or even city states . 
  an extremely low tax environment in london will surely attract some business , but it wo n't bring in enough to keep this quite big country afloat .
