  okey dokey . 
  the insurgent western provinces did , though . 
  uk wants to become a full member of its own right ( edit : with own schedules ) in the wto . 
  argentina is one . 
  impressing autosuggestion . 
  it was n't criticism , just observation . 
  you are probably not aware that the 15 number was an outlier : 14 it was 5 billion 13 it was 8 billion . 
  during the banking crisis uk paid even less than sweden with a net sum of just 800 million . 
  but thank you for confirming my argument , that many people believed in it in principle . 
  ** ] ( http://cdn-01.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article31278953.ece/15bb8/autocrop/w620h342/2015-06-05_new_10137850_i1.jpg ), 
  the dripping already starts . 
  the imagination that there will be a sky falling is misled . 
  just a long , painful way forward . 
  you think , the nhs crisis this winter was bad ? 
  wait for the next , it wo n't be better . 
  the promise behind it , that brexit would free up money was believed by many people . 
  the bus might have been an exaggeration , but the message was serious . 
  to deny it , would be very dishonest . 
  that would be so cool . 
  this time , there wo n't be a red bus around , but much , much news which transcends project fear into project reality . 
  this white paper was an insult to each person with half a brain . 
  liechtenstein at the first position of the export opportunities table . 
  serbia and montenegro listed as one entity . 
  sovereignty was never an issue , but it felt like one . 
  it read like it was written in venezuela . 
  perhaps may should start a sunday afternoon call-in show : `` hello , mrs. prime minister ! '', 
  was n't the last election for the dupers a failure ? 
  brexit has n't happened yet . 
  708 days left . 
  most brexiters are extremely unrelaxed . 
  continentals did n't drink so much of thatcher 's kool-aid . 
  there is a thing called society . 
  metaphors must be free and have to strike one 's eye . 
  let 's crush the saboteurs !, 
  will there be a target list of weak labour candidates in the next weeks ? 
  would be a catchy headline . 
  lovely choice of words regarding the anniversary of cox 's death a week later . 
  a clever blue murder , is n't it ? 
  enthusiasm beats money . 
  british waters !, 
  unless someone else tries and fails earlier . 
  this is a pan-european sub . 
  its ultimate goal is to develop the island dialect into a real language like american . 
  see , after the fall of the occident , nrw does n't need to change much . 
  only the question if the ajatollah of cologne or the one of d\u00fcsseldorf carries more weight remains unsolved . 
  nothing in nrw . 
  also quite few afd posters . 
  but the fdp has gone nasty . 
  on the plus side , lindner will also candidate for the bundestag which could weaken the fdp . 
  r\u00f6ttgen reloaded . 
   lkr i had to google it . 
  was n't aware that alfa has a new name . 
  as the us . 
  you ca n't choose your neighbours . 
  makes the french-german friendship even more precious which should n't be ignored as merkel did while cozying up to the anglosphere . 
  you know the meaning of `` or '' ? 
  it 's standard procedure to split the yes/no answer into a harder and a softer stance . 
  sure , adding numbers is thoughtcrime . 
  it is not every month on the poll agenda , but 70 % is quite a lead . 
  i do n't know of any episodes in the last year which could have changed this approach in a fundamental way . 
  on the other hand , two important countries , which favour the sanctions very strongly . 
  perplexed a bit . 
  liberal democracies in the english sense have failed . 
  too much laissez faire . 
  over 70 % of the german population is for an end or a softening of the sanctions against russia . 
  so the death penalty and more war in syria are now his most important policy issues ? 
  terrible ... 
   as the article points out there is already the 5-eyes agreement , and this sort of cooperation can be improved further once the uk leaves the eu . 
   by leaving the eu the uk can reestablish civic relations with other parts of the world while being the best friend to europe outside of the eu . 
  find the mistake !, 
  nobody disregarded the french-german friendship like her . 
  nobody took germany so first like her !, 
  nobody bootlicked to the nsa like her !, 
  empress , nothing less !, 
  we could crown her as empress . 
  will europe survive another four years of merkel and a reckless germany 's overdrive to dominance while cozying up to america ? 
  do you think a tougher stance of the eu against orban would help ? 
  or do you think it would it make him stronger ? 
  ebu has nothing to do with the eu . 
  its role is to keep cultural ties between european nations . 
  ukraine is a bad host , it said so . 
  the winner last year was the ukraine , you might find that it was a bad and inciting song , but it nonetheless won . 
  bending the rules to prevent this win would have been worse , i think . 
  can kazakhstan into european map ? 
  it condemned ukraine 's behaviour in the press release , not russia 's . 
  it is just a self-congratulary event for high society . 
  surely not a balanced think tank . 
  to see and to be seen is what it comes down to . 
  i do n't trust the wef . 
  that was the deal which brought putin into power : replace foreign billionaires with russian oligarchs who have - for their unabated wealth - to give the population basic means of living and loyalty to the kremlin . 
  gasprom is the biggest employer and runs , apart from gas , shopping malls , busses , tv stations , schools and so on . 
  everybody in russia knows that russian troops are there . 
  and some occasion can surely be found . 
  suppression of russian speakers in odessa etc. 
  there wo n't be much opposition bringing ukraine back home . 
  it would be even quite popular , given the humiliation and plundering by western billionaires of russia in the 90 ` ies . 
   russia would never openly fight in ukraine . 
  why not ? 
  it fought openly in georgia . 
   it can not deploy its airforce for obvious reasons and is therefore confined to artillery and tanks .
