  at this point the debate invariably breaks down , with germans and others , especially `` anglo-saxons , '' talking past each other . 
  these encounters remind me of longfellow 's metaphor : ships passing in the night , `` only a signal shown and a distant voice in the darkness , [ ... ] then darkness again and a silence . '' i speak from experience : as a german-american , i am often caught trying to explain germany to americans , and america to germans . 
  as a journalist for 20 years at the economist , i wrote in that most anglo-saxon of media voices . 
  now i am editor-in-chief of handelsblatt global , where our mission is , as i promised you in march , to bring you news analysis that `` does not infantilize or caricature the german voice but reflects it in its full and unadulterated breadth and depth . '' imagine my discomfort , then , when my former journalistic home , the economist , infantilized and caricatured the german point of view on the cover page of last week 's issue , titled `` the german problem . '' in a nutshell : the world 's trade deficit with germany is entirely germany 's fault , and could the germans please , and pronto , take care of it for the sake of the world economy ? 
  i am familiar with the narrative , for i myself wrote according to its grammar for many years . 
  many of the individual points are reasonable , and not at all contested by german economists -- take a look at the answers by two of the leading ones , in our video below , for instance . 
  it 's the overall twist that is jarring to germans , for it willfully omits their perspective . 
  in fairness , and understandably , many germans then react in the wrong way : by willfully misrepresenting the argument : `` what , do you you want us to export less ? , '' sneered one german panelist at a german-american business conference i moderated recently . 
  it helps germans like him that a few economically illiterate but important people do seem to think that germany should export fewer bmws . 
  i am talking about donald trump , of course . 
  but this invites germans down a well-trodden path of faux reasoning . 
  germany 's surpluses , in this defensive narrative , reflect its competitiveness : those world-beating firms churning out cars , pills and machines foreigners are happily volunteering to buy . 
  this confuses surpluses with `` strength '' and deficits with `` weakness '' , a mercantilist idea . 
  unfortunately , even senior german politicians succumb to this confusion . 
  `` instead of talking about weakening the strong , we should really be asking ourselves how to strengthen those countries that are not yet strong enough , '' demanded wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the finance minister , in our pages recently . 
  this reflex is disingenuous because no serious economist , policy maker or journalist -- neither at the imf nor the european commission , neither in the oecd nor in the us treasury department , and certainly not at the economist -- is asking germany to export less . 
  these educated critics are instead taking germany to task for the other side of the equation : importing too little . 
  and here , unfortunately , the subject gets endlessly complex . 
  the best , most balanced and digestible explanation is still that by our own chris cermak . 
  indeed the economist 's cover story largely rhymes with his diagnosis of the causes . 
  those come in two main categories . 
  the first is the simple observation that germans buy less than they produce . 
  to use more precise terms , they consume less than they could and possibly should , and therefore save a lot . 
  if they -- german households , firms and governments -- invested those savings at home , their overall trade balance with the world would still be neutral . 
  but germans also invest less than they save -- or rather , invest the excess in other countries , where that money is used to buy german goods . 
  this diagnosis leads to two questions : do germans consume too little and save too much ? 
  and do germans invest too few of their savings at home ? 
  the second diagnostic category looks at the development of german wages . 
  the historical facts here are clear . 
  by the end of the decade following reunification in 1990 , germany was called the `` sick man of europe '' by none other than the economist , because it had become uncompetitive . 
  so germany reacted . 
  its government enacted labor-market and welfare reforms that spawned a low-wage sector . 
  and its unions agreed with employers to keep wage growth down , so that german firms would become more competitive . 
  in effect , german production became cheaper relative to production elsewhere . 
  if germany had still had its own currency , it could have appreciated to counter this change . 
  but germany already had the euro , which stayed cheaper than a d-mark would have been . 
  now examine each category in turn , and compare how the economist and germans view it . 
  start with that huge `` savings hoard , '' as my former colleagues call it . 
  germans will tell you they save because they want to retire at some point . 
  because germany 's population is aging , this means that for a few more years there will be huge aggregate saving . 
  that -- a voluntary and rational decision by free individuals -- is the primary reason for the high savings rate . 
  the economist concedes this point but introduces a twist : `` the rate of household saving has been stable , if high , for years ; the increase in national saving has come from firms and the government . '' aha , so we should worry about `` the increase , '' which means turning our gaze to bosses and the finance minister . 
  the bosses and the ministers will also tell you that they 're saving in expectation of an older , smaller population in future . 
  after all , fewer young people will pay taxes for more old people with more needs . 
  looking ahead to this demographic shift , the federal and regional governments have even legislated themselves `` debt brakes '' that constrain their ability to run deficits today . 
  currently the federal government is slightly in surplus . 
  the germans find it prudent . 
  the economist finds it silly and egoistic . 
  now proceed to the contiguous question : are germans investing too few of their savings at home ? 
  here too the historical facts are clear . 
  following reunification , germany had an investment boom , as it gave its formerly communist east the world 's biggest paint job . 
  eventually investment levels had to drop . 
  for the past few years investment has stayed steady at about 19 percent , which is average in europe . 
  the economist concedes this point too , but hides it : `` germany 's rate of domestic investment is not obviously weak by comparison with other countries . '' nonetheless , there is broad agreement in germany itself that investment should be higher , especially in the public sector . 
  at this point a lazy litany follows : bridges and roads are `` crumbling , '' broadband lines are too slow , and so forth . 
  as somebody who drives on roads and flies out of airports in america , germany and other european countries , i never had the impression that the average bridge in germany is more crumbly than its equivalent elsewhere . 
  my broadband service is several times faster than what i had in california . 
  but it 's good to invest more . 
  and it 's good to spend more on schools . 
  and -- wait for it -- everybody including wolfgang sch\u00e4uble agrees !, 
  to see why harping on about this is a red herring you have to grasp the scales involved . 
  germany 's trade surplus is more than 8 percent of gdp . 
  germany 's public investment ( by the federal , state and municipal governments ) is a bit above 2 percent of gdp . 
  is the economist suggesting that germany quintuple its public investment , right now , in order to rebalance the world economy ? 
  i 'm not willing to accept dictatorships in the eu and i 'm not willing to support them . 
  the nato is in its last breaths . 
  wo n't survive the next decade . 
  is that so ? 
  kaczynski serves poland to russia on a plate . 
  or do you believe , turmp will hesitate one moment to sell poland for a deal ? 
  if the pis goes full authoritarian , the retarded west could leave them alone with russia . 
  have fun . 
  turn off and on ? 
  then you would need to double both of them : the pipelines and the lng terminals . 
  both of them would be economically unsustainable and would need constant subsidies year after year since they would never run at a higher rate than 50 % of their capacity . 
   middle east and north africa ; as i wrote , it is the easy and available alternative , but i do n't think , it is better . 
  the uk , which relies on lng as a big part of its energy needs , faces right now the problem if it supports its supplier qatar or saudi-arabia in the newest middle east crisis . 
  i 'm quite happy that central europe does n't have to closely engage in these rows . 
  if the dependency on these sources increase , one has to engage much more in this region . 
   southern gas corridor i do n't see how this solves anything . 
  all these countries can easily be influenced by russia or forced into submission . 
  like this episode when russia build a fence in south ossetia which of course by pure chance put the pipeline into south ossetian territory . 
  http://agenda.ge/news/38844/eng  importing liquefied natural gas ( lng ) from the united states and australia as well as from east africa . 
  this , i think , is a myth which wo n't keep up to its promises . 
  hope , that article is readable . 
  in 2050 or 2060 perhaps . 
  do n't misunderstand me , i have no problems with and support investments in alternative energies and efficiencies , but there is a time to bridge which is unfortunately almost our whole lifetime . 
  the alternative is the middle east . 
  is that really an improvement ? 
  paywall, 
  the post was meant to go to u/discrepanttrolleybus . 
  the depletion of the dutch fields are the resaon for ns2 as central europe needs a replacement for this . 
  the gas fields in the netherlands are in their old days . 
  they will be depleted soon . 
  wow . 
  that 's arrogant from easyjet . 
  austrocontrol just confirmed the application , so far . 
   i 'd probably be irritated having to deal with french agricultural policy too . 
  the us subsidises its farmers with 20 billion $ per year . 
  that 's just a little bit less than the eu farming subsidies .
