  merkel/sch \u00e4uble were good to keep an eye that the northern states do n't pay for everything , but they resisted a deeper integration . 
  merkel also stands for transatlanticism . 
  do n't think so . 
  it is more a division between cities and the countryside . 
  would n't be so harsh with greece . 
  they are n't . 
  the problem is that the red lines of the government exclude a soft brexit . 
  they misspelled liechtenstein , although it is their most promising emerging market with 38 % growth in exports !, 
  they have serbia and montenegro as a single entity in their charts . 
  cool ... 
  sorry , but then you are deluding yourself . 
  globalisation is over . 
   british people are more free trade minded than you are . 
  do n't think so , but you will learn the hard way in the next years . 
  london and the free traders lost the referendum . 
  your dreamland wishes would translate into an abolishment of the uk . 
  you want unregulated trade , an abolishment of import duties and an open border for goods . 
  that 's anarcho-capitalism . 
  abolishing the uk as entity . 
  would be a funny result . 
   to have no tariffs whatsoever on any imports . 
  errrhhhh ... ok .  ceta plus plus . 
  and what shall that mean ? 
  red/white/blue ? 
  if wto is the fallback option , the uk has to do it because of wto rules . 
  if it is aiming at something like the ukrainian or turkish agreement , it has to follow many eu regulations . 
  i doubt this will be accepted by the british public . 
  checking goods is the easy part . 
  if you think so . 
  the mp from dover did n't sound so relaxed in the debate yesterday . 
  at first , france will cancel le touquet agreement . 
  you seem to not be aware how privileged your current position is . 
  even trump just expects mexico to pay for the border and not to guard it as well . 
  europeans will be allowed to travel to the uk without visas ? 
  good luck with the immigration reduction . 
  which the uk unilaterally changed with its vote . 
  but the uk wants to curb immigration and limit the freedom of movement . 
  why should ireland enforce uk 's rules ? 
  so you want to outsource your border to cork ? 
  the gdp is not very important if you have a big army and you are willing to use it . 
  to take an extreme example , axis vs. allies gdp : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_depression#/media/file:graph_charting_income_per_capita_throughout_the_great_depression.svg  it 's foolish to belief that they could actually invade another country ( poland for example ) poland might be a big stretch . 
  but the baltics are thinkable . 
  the russian general attorney started last year investigations if the baltic republics are illegal entities under russian law . 
  where is the map from . 
  an awesome perspective . 
  this train has left , i think . 
  perhaps germany should just cook the books as the uk does and include foreign aid and pension payments in this number . 
  and there are no calls to evolve into a public owned landlord with the task to keep rents in check/provide affordable housing ? 
  too communist ? 
  does n't ireland has this nama thing which owns thousands of homes and developing sites ? 
  it also lagged behind in the early 90 ` ies when the catalysator was introduced . 
  at that time , it was able to lobby brussels to delay the date of duty . 
  not to forget the lopez affair . 
  and the leaf is most sold electro car in the world . 
  but hej , keep on telling you that the german car industry is cutting edge and no cartel and that it is a good thing that merkel and dobrindt want to reward crimes with subsidies and embrace the manipulation of emission values by software `` updates '' openly . 
  renault has nissan . 
  japanese and french cars are more than a decade in the lead . 
  good point . 
  but in the uk , for example , the diesel sales collapsed . 
  https://www.smmt.co.uk/vehicle-data/car-registrations/ delphi already announced to close a diesel engine factory . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-suffolk-40825662 and that 's a problem for the german car manufacturers which concentrated on diesel while lagging behind with hybrid motors . 
  google smog china . 
  a lot of people care . 
  6000 according to newspapers . 
  the ft covers london and is an english newspaper with a rich and business interested audience . 
  handelsblatt has a similar readership , but in germany . 
  the differences , bowgentle describes , are pretty accurate . 
  ft is neoliberal and handelsblatt is ordoliberal . 
  ft even tried to get a foot in germany with ftd , but failed to attract the readership of handelsblatt . 
  faz and spiegel are more general and spiegel is as a weekly magazine another category . 
  you know this famous saying from `` yes , prime minister '' , when the civil servant describes the british newspaper landscape ? 
  for germany it runs like this : readers of the sueddeutsche think , they should run the country ; the welt readers believe , they do ; faz is read by people who actually rule ; and handelsblatt is read by people who own the country . 
  handelsblatt is like the financial times . 
  this is where it 's good to bring in an educated german perspective . 
  as j\u00f6rg rocholl , head of the esmt , one of germany 's leading business schools , cautions in his opinion piece for us , germans would prefer to `` spend wisely , '' not just more . 
  the economist seems to be channeling keynes in demanding that germany `` pay people to dig holes and then to fill them up . '' but investing means spending money in the expectation of return . 
  germans ' first association when they hear of massive public spending projects today is the `` new '' berlin airport that has been under construction since 2006 and was meant to open in 2010 ; only optimists believe the current plan of opening it in 2019 . 
  the point is that erasing a trade deficit equal to 8 percent of gdp with public spending is not credible . 
  what about the second of the major diagnostic categories , boosting german wages ? 
  in recent years , german wages have indeed been increasing , by 2.3 percent last year . 
  unemployment is below 4 percent , and both individual job hunters and union bosses have a strong hand in negotiations . 
  but wage growth could be faster . 
  as the economist discovered by asking german unionists , they often prefer haggling for more flexible working hours , longer vacations and more job stability when sitting across from bosses . 
  shocking . 
  do n't they know that other people have trade deficits to balance ? 
  so there we are : a magazine proud of its classical liberal heritage laments the voluntary decisions by free agents in an economy where the government , thank god , has only limited room for maneuver . 
  this is the intellectual flaw behind much of today 's criticism of germany . 
  as christoph schmidt , chairman the german council of economic experts , puts it , it fails to recognize `` that national economies can not be managed like large firms . '' you can criticize germany for neglecting big reforms in recent years . 
  you can tell it to open up its calcified service sector . 
  you can tell the government to improve schools . 
  handelsblatt global will do that , more ruthlessly and perceptively than any other english-language publication . 
  but do n't infantilize a debate about more than 80 million people making independent decisions . 
  and anyway , take heart : the surplus will soon shrink , as lots of elderly germans retire and spend their nest eggs on imports . 
  and then it 's trade deficits as far as the eye can see . 
  as soon as the trade surplus is the subject , people inside and outside of germany tend to talk gibberish . 
  handelsblatt global 's editor-in-chief , who used to write for the economist , knows all about feeling caught between these fronts . 
  germany 's trade surplus is huge , the largest in the world . 
  that much is well known . 
  but who should do what , if anything , about it ? 
  and is anybody `` to blame '' ?
