  although , if one subtracts scotland and northern ireland , it would be again fitting . 
  but in the next ten years ni wo n't leave . 
  60 , you read right and i wrote it knowingly . 
  thanks to brexit , it will pass 60 million in less than ten years . 
  where is the rhine republic ? 
  must be gema geolock . 
  like the saarland dialect . 
  but the eurozone needs a further federalization to function properly . 
  so the two tier way might be the best way as long as eastern europe is n't willing to integrate further . 
  til that you cant just make some shit up and some american belives it . 
  i 'm a bit bit uneasy with the idea to give it to non eu-citizens . 
  yeah , sch\u00e4uble should go . 
  he is in a fitting age to retire after the elections . 
  and ? 
  good , bad or no difference ? 
  of course , it does . 
  as a `` good '' german nationalist you have to be anti-western and anti-american . 
  the weltschmerz and the deep russian soul are very similar . 
  a vulgar , superficial american is the very antithesis to hardcore german nationalism . 
  absolute nightmare for them , that he pushes for a similar agenda . 
  and to get realistic , he wants european vassals instead of allies , nobody in his right mind will concede to that , unless the american hegemony in europe will be enforced like the soviet one in eastern europe . 
  do n't know if you sympathize with this trump movement , but be warned , the us has already lost a lot of friends and will lose many more if he continues with his agenda . 
  russia 's first priority is to get the yanks out , no matter how hard trump tries and then there will be surely some agreement between western/central europe and russia on the spheres of influnce . 
  the reasoning does n't make sense though . 
  the cdu of saxonia is probably one of the most right wing of the whole cdu . 
  think of alabama republicans . 
  furthermore , saxonia had always a big fascist vote with the npd . 
  now they elect the more or less well behaving afd . 
  the reasons for this lie partly in the [ sachsensumpf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sachsensumpf ) and partly in the victim myth of the dresden bombing . 
  the nazi 's decried it as a war crime on innocent people and the gdr continued this tale . 
  even today many people from the centre prefer to demonstrate with outright fascists against the bombenholocaust , instead of remembering the second world war . 
  also , saxonia was in the gdr times the most isolated place which did n't get western tv and radio . 
  but the author might have to point that one sees the reemergence of the dnvp milieu . 
  yes . 
  the asylum laws were tightened significantly . 
  wow . 
  you just have to kill some more . 
  i 'm really impressed . 
  let 's hope for it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rav-ulqmke, 
  no , you have exact the european problem with some years in advance . 
  land is cultivated , leave it alone for some years , it is lost and you have to regain it . 
  open discussion . 
  with this comment , i can feel the just wrath of the romamian communists . 
  and in this opinion they are just . 
  see ? 
  i myself have problems to express in nuances english and i 'm quite good in english , what does someone in iasi ? 
  it was just a superficial experieriance , but traveling from porto to lissabon and to the algarve really felt like in differrent countries . 
  then everything is alright . 
  let 's starve the countryside out !, 
  never worked in a schrebergarten , i guess . 
  potatoes and vegetables grow in the supermarket . 
  absolutely crazy . 
  that would be a really scale of `` umvolkung '' which would n't work . 
  you want to minimize it . 
  and at some point you will landflucht ( country escape ) . 
  it means letting rot your territory . 
  russia has a heavy problem with it . 
  and do n't forget the people : in this yuppy duppy new digitalized world you and me are able to talk easy each other , but many will have a problem to communicate in in engliish . 
  sounds good , but is senseless . 
  as portuguese ? 
  i mean even as tourist i was able to see difference between porto/lissabon and the countryside . 
  it is screaming . 
  so giving up land and leave it to the wilderness . 
  so giving up land and leave it to the wilderness . 
  the saker is still a thing ? 
  russian propaganda was fitter in 14 . 
  to get rid of these megapolis masturbations like new york first , london second ? 
  libertariandictators obviously do n't understand it . 
  most relevant to the posh guys in lubljana . 
  quite big for small town , would have expected some village on the marios . 
  this idiot who advocates privately owned currencies . 
  absolutely no nuthead . 
  nobody will force them out . 
  italy is a contributor . 
  italy might choose to leave . 
   their leader , christian lindner , said last week that the best way forward is for greece to leave the eurozone , and for greek debt to be forgiven afterwards . 
   alternative for germany , the rightwing anti-european party , not only wants greece out of the eurozone , but germany as well . 
  together those two parties will probably account for some 20 to 25 per cent of mps . 
  that 's ridiculous , is he even able to read polls ? 
   another untold truth is that germany will never forgive greek debt . 
  and this is an outright lie . 
  there was already a debt restructuring . 
  lol . 
  the guy who could always add but understood nothing of politics . 
  does someone remember his spiegel columns after the ftd failed ? 
  thomas and heinrich mann !, 
  brandt !, 
  a fifth is quite a flow . 
  let 's hope , his autocracy becomes more obvious when the pvv gains more seats and he has to kick out dozens of them in the next legislature period . 
  and that does n't cause any problems in parliament and its free mandates ? 
  i mean , in bashing muslims they all might have the same opinion , but when it comes to tax , expenditure policies and so on which do n't touch this theme , he is able to quiet any dissent ? 
  does his party still consist only of him ? 
  i heard it once that he is the only member and his supporters are something like appointees . 
  the imf is important for sch\u00e4uble ( german finance minister ) and his wing of the cdu ( german conservative party ) , because these people had big problems with the loans to greece . 
  to keep the opposition small he promised to get the imf onboard to have a watchdog . 
  if the imf leaves now , sch\u00e4uble has a political problem . 
  i think , it will be another long night in brussels when it is sorted out . 
  it 's just an opinion article . 
  the imf is the institution which is ( informally ) run by the europeans . 
  the world bank is run by the americans ( also informally ) .
