  by the way , it is not your business anymore . 
  another day , another glorious victory for the great british empire . 
  what hatred ... what hatred , deep dep in the night . 
  and to trigger : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mck4o_pksyy, 
  some light hearted music posts would help this forum , in my view . 
  the british nationalist are becoming almost as embarrassing as the polish on this forum . 
  as thrilling , interesting and important as your post : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ivhj9qwicw, 
  this british nonsense was alright this night , with dreaming about the empire , but this is too far of . 
  advertisements for a failed vacuumcleaner are low quality . 
  otherwise , i will post some things from the landtag in dusseldorf and the history why nrw was n't allowed to join the benelux-treaty . 
  fuck berlin !, 
  there 's a problem in recklinghausen by the way . 
  she opened the borders to get hungary out of its mess . 
  there were tens of thousands in budapest at the time . 
  nationalistic hungarians wo n't remember it though . 
  shhh ... do n't tell that it was made on the platform jerkoff ^ tm . 
  you misunderstand . 
  we 're building [ blue banania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) . 
  what about joining the us as an overseas territory ? 
  and i thought immigrants from eastern europe were a thing . 
  pis serves poland really well . 
  well played . 
  you can raise your duties as you like . 
  even on the malvinas . 
  that 's a myth . 
  if devaluation worked , uk 's trade deficit should have vanished and been replaced by a yuuuuge surplus . 
  the pound lost over 20 % in the last ten years , the deficit did n't move . 
  with what goal ? 
  a dissolution of russia ? 
  i do n't think it would be beneficial for anybody on this continent if figures like kadyrow took over . 
  this aggressive stance with talk of eastern flanks leads precisely down there . 
  then you have regional nutcases with nukes . 
  not a very charming perspective in my view . 
   poland may never trust them but if they could make their relation the same as the one they have with germany it would be an enormous gain for russia . 
  but would that be such a terrible thing ? 
  russia wo n't disappear as much as poland might wish for it . 
  influencing russian politics in a positive way that it respects its western neighbours might be easier if one was n't so confontational and did not side so much with america . 
  obviously it did n't work out well for them in ukraine . 
  they got crimea and half of the donbass but lost the sympathy or are even hated in the rest of ukraine . 
  even before , their propaganda did n't convince to many people . 
  the soft power of western lifestyle would still prevail without an eu-membership . 
  it worked in soviet times , it works in the middle east , it works in east asia . 
  do n't overestimate russia . 
  it is not the soviet union anymore . 
  if you take the last years , their annexations were quite modest and even them cost russia a huge price . 
  a price it can not afford on a large scale since the boom days of expensive oil , gaz and other natural ressources are over for next years . 
  why ? 
  a buffer zone between the eu and russia could ease tensions . 
  so uk unilaterally abandons it and it is up for the rest to obey uk 's wishes . 
  great plan . 
  dup campaigned for leave . 
  northern ireland voted remain . 
  as soon as uk leaves , it is in breach of the good friday agreement . 
  the greens are already in enough state governments to block things in the bundesrat . 
  the bundestag , for example , classified algeria , morocco and tunisia as safe states in spring . 
  the bundesrat still did n't vote on it due to a lacking majority . 
  the reasoning of the article is quite weak : the greens and the left are more open to another debt restructuring of greece . 
  the greens supported all laws concerning greece . 
  the left only voted against them in hope to form a red-green-red government . 
  the reckoning that the afd will stand for harsh negotiations is very questionable . 
  everything which weakens the eu is good in their eyes . 
  the expulsion of their european parliament members by the ecr is second rate to this . 
  their opinion on this matter wo n't be important though . 
  lol . 
  please make healthcare more expensive and show how free markets thrive on a lower life span . 
  do americans actually believe this shit ? 
  edit : think positive !, 
  another nail in the coffin of ttip . 
  oh yeah your new freight tunnel , the most important thing in the world and nothing else matters . 
  it will solve the migrant problem , it will solve the looming dictatorship in turkey , it will solve the refugee camps at lake como . 
  one can discuss about the lacking german railways , but i do n't think this thread is the right place . 
  just to give you a hint , germany gave france its word to support it in its fight against isis after the attacks in paris . 
  shall it just break this promise to become a big caricature of switzerland ? 
  this will surely be very sustainable and will secure good relationships in western europe which switzerland relies on to live in its splendid holier-than-thou neutrality . 
  by the way : why does neutral switzerland fund german parties like the afd ? 
  yes . 
  germany will also be sucked into this mess . 
  not everybody has the luxury to host peace-conferences and launder dirty money at the same time . 
  [ commonwealth intensifies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkdo6g4cceu ), 
  american gdp figures are always annualized . 
  you have to divide them by four if you want to compare them to eurostat numbers :  real gross domestic product increased ** at an annual rate ** of 1.1 percent in the second quarter of 2016 http://www.bea.gov/newsreleases/national/gdp/gdpnewsrelease.htm edit : aaaand downvoted . 
  fact did n't pass the truthiness test !, 
  usa - on a quarterly basis and not annualized - 0.275 % ftfy, 
  is one of these unicorns profitable ? 
  or is it just a mockery of stupid money ? 
  your lies fit your name quite well . 
  both the number and the reason are wrong . 
  that means the syrian civil war will continue . 
  has anybody an overview of how many people are suspended , indicted and imprisoned ? 
  sch\u00e4uble kept on saying that he had built a consensus among the finance ministers which was overridden by france . 
  he was quite annoyed that merkel gave in . 
  you can deny this episode , but please do n't mind if i take sch\u00e4uble 's word more seriously than that of a random redditor . 
  furthermore i do n't think anybody in germany has a real idea what is going on in mali . 
  i hope , france knows what it does there . 
  on economic policies the problem is more structural , france is also a creditor state . 
  as long as these questions are solely discussed and decided in the intra-national council , the `` national interest '' , whatever this may be , will win . 
  summer last year when sch\u00e4uble tried to force greece out of the euro . 
  france vetoed it . 
  my personal conspiracy theory is , that the right wing of the cdu launches these rumours and gives unpleasant details about turkey as its role in syria to build up pressure on merkel . 
  with the aim to get as much as possible of the conservative manifesto into the looming election campaign .
