  or was it good ? 
  some things you ca n't predict . 
  when refugees ca n't into bitain , can britain into refugees ? 
  questions over questions and no answers and surely not for political things . 
  i 'm each time astonished when `` scientist '' tell us how yet unborn children and even grand-children will reproduce . 
  in the twenties were calculations around that the germans will swell to 120 mil . 
  in 2000 and will need more living room . 
  there is a serious core to it . 
  read the linked article . 
  all questions to be answered . 
  would n't it be , by the way , cruel to leave this fine brexiteer nigel farage and his pension entitlements at the mercy of heartless eurocrats ? 
  no chemtrails for brexiters then . 
  win-win . 
  the majority has to be eu based . 
  a problem for easyjet if its majority owner does n't register his shares as cypriot and a serious problem for iag . 
  would be lose lose , for sure . 
  who loses more ? 
  it was just trolling , just like this paper . 
  expect much more of it . 
   not the nationality of the anonymous and collective shareholders . 
  and even they matter . 
  [ will brexit complicate landing rights ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/5tqths/will_brexit_complicate_landing_rights_for_uk/ ) spoiler : it could . 
  the eu can ground british planes if it wants to . 
  beware , what you wish for ... 
  whatever . 
  barnier is the guy to concentrate on . 
  good , that may misleads the british public to get attention and outrage on the wrong person . 
  the uk seeks a position towards the eu which is less close than turkey 's . 
  it wants to leave the customs union . 
  the queue of other countries keen to sign agreements with the then untied kingdom might get a bit more cautious . 
  imagine , all these `` free trade agreements '' are just branded this way . 
  nobody wants free trade agreements , it 's just a catchy slogan . 
  s t r o n g t a b l e, 
  if you listen to liam fox and david davis , both of them might not explicitly use the term , but their whole worldview of brexitland is woven around a reborn commonwealth . 
  their whitewashing of the colonial times and emphasis of the `` fruits '' of the british rule do n't go down too well in the concerned countries , by the way . 
  cameron lost his gamble , that 's right , and a whole generation has to pay for this ` cleverer than thou ' eton nitwit . 
  changing the legal status of over 4 million people ( including the brits abroad ) is surely not a small tweak . 
  that 's the problem and perhaps it 's better that the uk leaves . 
  one can not change the rules everytime the british public changes its mood or some london politician wants to score some points at home . 
  cameron got some opt outs by thw way . 
  it might have been decried by the brexiters who want an ever harder brexit , a problem may will also face with her approach . 
  germany and many other eu states had several years of an introduction period after the enlargement , in which they were exempted from fom from the new the new states in eastern europe . 
  the uk waived this exemption by choice . 
  you should have held your own politicians responsible instead of scapegoating brussels . 
  a five year old e-mail . 
  you are n't serious , are you ? 
  switzerland was a neutral country , too . 
  it profited very much from the money laundering for the nazis . 
  i do n't know what this has to do whataboutism . 
  you have two small countries which were confronted with a difficult situation . 
  you 're picking one to celebrate it , while belittling the other . 
  if denmark was more resistant and did n't capitulate on the first day , the occupation of norway and western europe would have been much more difficult . 
  marion le pen is already in the starting position and she thinks like her grandfather . 
  you can critzise fillon , but calling him an totalitarian extremist might be a bit far . 
  i 'm celebrating nothing . 
  switzerland handed them over . 
  and please do not overplay the resistance in denmark . 
  apart from this episode it did almost nothing . 
  it capitulated on the first day . 
  the waffen-ss was quite succesful finding volunteers there . 
  nonetheless , sweden accepted them and did n't hand them over . 
  switzerland repulsed 30000 . 
  it probably saved more jews than any other country . 
  18 % less voter turnout than in the first round ? 
  never . 
  what ? 
  m\u00e9lenchon , hamon and centre-left macron , plus some minor candidates . 
  not many . 
  put a dailymail at the start of the url . 
  co.uk / news/article -3710406 / british-workers-suffered-biggest-drop-wages-advanced-country-joining-greece-bottom-league-table-earnings-fell-10 . html, 
  if you want resist globalism , there is no other way than to do it through the eu . 
  unless you want to become client state of the us . 
   bitter much ? 
  the uk right now is a great show . 
  better than trump after he got lost in the administration and became a lame duck . 
  yeah , you can add it . 
  but it does n't change the point that the ousted oligarchs of the yeltsin era are not the best key witnesses for problems in russia or with putin . 
  if guys like him replace putin , it wo n't be any better for the country , but again just a change of the ruling clique which cares even less about the people . 
  but it will surely open up many business opportunities for american ~ ~ oligarchs ~ ~ billionaires who fund the aspen institute . 
  thank you . 
  bill browder is a liar . 
  the one thing , putin is to be applauded for , is to kick robbers like him out !, 
  do you believe navalny 's turn to the left or is it just hollow talk ? 
  south korea and japan are already beginning trade talks and with the end of tpp many other pacific states will be on the agenda of the us . 
  they are even alligned with the akp . 
  ( sry ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alliance_of_conservatives_and_reformists_in_europe#members, 
  you do n't really think that these children 's drawings without any of the big powers usa , russia , china , india , brazil carrry any weight . 
  the uk even needed help from the us and france to defend this village thirty years ago . 
  apart from the question , if it is interesting at any lifetime . 
  you can buy land on mars and it is even formally covered by some us law . 
  it 's as pointless as these pseudo geopolitics . 
  the uk should better concentrate on the issue that it stays a united kingdom and does not become a loose commonwealth of the british isles . 
  there are just 3000 of them . 
  it 's a damn village and not some important region . 
  if you go into the details , it often becomes very complicated . 
  i 'm really surprised that the territories so far away were so incorporated . 
  argentina was a part of spain ? 
  wow . 
  were the other spanish territitories in latin america also spain ?
