   it 's similar to how the uk had to leave the icelandic eez when they legally extended it , even though the uk had `` historically '' fished there . 
  yeah , that 's an argument , but it was not a ruling and before the un convention . 
  it was because of international pressure why the uk retreated . 
  iceland could have left the nato . 
   i hope a good compromise is reached for the eu and uk as failing to reach an agreement will probably cause a massive recession from the uk through many countries in the eu . 
  i wonder , if gove uses this approach to get rid of the good friday agreement which he hates . 
  these are not land areas , but the two bays before derry and newry . 
  this small zone will be directly rescinded by the scrapping of the london convention which gives more rights to neighbouring countries . 
  your demand goes much , much further and will meet resistance from many , many more countries . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/apr/18/denmark-to-contest-uk-efforts-to-take-back-control-of-fisheries it is sunday , by the way , and so far there is only a press release of the government . 
  i would n't be surprised if more countries weigh in during the next week . 
  barnier already dismissed further demands . 
  https://www.rte.ie/news/uk/2017/0702/887130-britain-fisheries/ and background . 
  ireland disagrees and the border question is already a difficult issue . 
  the approach of an hostile , revisionist nation . 
  understood . 
  it is horrible that gove nourishes this feeling and incites false hopes . 
  the sharing of the eez has nothing to do with the eu . 
  the eu came a lot later . 
  if you want a comparison , it is like spain which does n't recognise the treaty of utrecht ( this gibraltar thingy ) . 
  with the withdrawal from the convention and the claim for the 200 miles zone , the uk wants to gain rights based on a convention which follows a basic treaty and which would have never come into force if the disputes in the north sea had n't been settled before . 
  it was ** your ** starting post which wanted to expand exclusive fishing rights to the 200 miles zone . 
  my first reply was that this would be an annexation which is seemingly backed by the opinion of danish government . 
  but even if you take the smaller zone announced by gove for exclusive fishing rights , the uk at least annoys the roi . 
  it also states the case of jan mayen as a starter . 
  the thing is that the icj has n't had to deal with north sea so far because of the london convention . 
  other areas are n't as economically developed and densely populated as the north sea area . 
  ireland is not amused . 
  i 'm sure , other states will follow . 
  the paper is not as clear as you want to make it to appear . 
  furthermore , i heard the uk wants a deal with eu in which all the affected states have a veto . 
  learning from russia means learning to succeed . 
   1 , a lot of that time was considered poaching . 
  by the uk . 
  not by other nations . 
   2 , rights of coastal states in the eez are greater than the historic/traditional/preferential fishing rights accorded by customary international law . 
  nope . 
   3 , no obligation for coastal states to recognize historic rights . 
  the uk wants to fuck the international order . 
  retreating on it when it fits your purposes is not the way it works . 
  you starting post was about the 200 miles eez . 
  it additionally opens up border disputes with the republic of ireland . 
  sigh . 
  the un convention is from 1982 . 
  the london convention convention predates it . 
  leaving the london convention and claim exclusive fishing rights will open up border conflicts in the north sea . 
  all 5000 of them !, 
  that would be an annexation . 
  i 'm convinced , it is a worldwide problem . 
  cheap cladding was used everywhere in the last two decades and although it is forbidden in germany since 2012 , there are obviously still houses which do n't fit the law . 
  in many countries it is up until today ok to use cladding like this . 
  roubaix , dubai , melbourne , frankfurt had similar fires . 
  or three years worth a dup coalition . 
  that 's a good question . 
  i would n't bet on it . 
  these renovations are expensive . 
  yes . 
  no , it is n't . 
  berlusconi 's wealth is to a good part a product of his collaboration with the mafia . 
  where does his wealth sits ? 
  in the north . 
  where were the appartments built ? 
  in the north . 
  which bank was used ? 
  a northern bank . 
  so , many of the flows leave the shadow world and enter the statistics in the north . 
  does n't change it that lazio is a contributor and even if this visual presentation wants to belittle it , it is a big contributor . 
  you have also to see that the mafia money is mostly whitewashed in the north while it is generated in the south . 
  central italy is also a contributor if the numbers are right . 
  eastern germany receives around 100 billion per year if you include public insurances ( do n't know how it is organised in italy and if it is considered in this calculation ) . 
  around 17 million people live there . 
  if you add poorer regions in western germany , you have similar big transfers . 
  where did i write that russia is an innocent nation ? 
  the alternatives are simply not better . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qatar_and_state-sponsored_terrorism it also loves to mess around in their export markets . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-38248198 https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jun/20/sfo-charges-barclays-bank-executives-ceo-2008-qatar-fundraising, 
  probably nothing . 
  i 'm just pointing out that other gas exporters are troublesome as well . 
  norway 's reserves are n't big enough . 
  then you have to care more about the middle east . 
  qatar is under siege right now by saudi arabia . 
  i doubt , it would be better . 
  this woman is a very questionable person . 
  or he is just talking bullshit . 
  fire stafety is reserved for the states , the federal government just sets minima . 
  also the czech republic , slovakia , croatia , poland and denmark have more rigid regulations . 
  most of these states did n't even exist in 1989 . 
  really ? 
  you still had the bus lie and if you look at this `` argument '' superficially , it is convincing : uk is a net payer , let 's save it . 
  at least a bunch of tories confirmed it . 
  i ca n't really imagine that so many people dream of a reborn commonwealth or this ridiculous canzuk thing . 
  edit : and then other things like showing eton dave the middle finger and so on . 
  i read once in an english paper that cornwall is poorer than sicily , was really surprised . 
  isis is a product of american wars in the middle east , wars poland took part in . 
  poland was during the iraq war responsible for the area where isis sits now . 
  conflicts come with the second generation . 
  it 's the leading place for opportunities after brexit , according to your government 's white paper . 
  you mean , these firms or their owners have letterboxes there . 
  you still need other countries to recognise you . 
  good luck with that .
