balkan politics definitively smells like teen spirit on repetition . 
  still used his first name alija . 
  you are shifting loyalities quite fast . 
  you helped me a bit to understand the hatred izetbegovic ( the older ) has sawn , thank you for that . 
  that 's ridicolous . 
  only americans can fail for that . 
  wahhabi `` culture '' at work , hej ? 
  is n't there a party or at least a movement which says : `` ok , shit happened , but we live today and do n't want to repeat the 90 ` ies again and again ! '', 
  why do you still brigade along ethnic lines ? 
  mhmm ... 
  but bosniaks , croats and serbs will still have to live to each other . 
  unless you want to cleanse the areas again . 
  and even then , the territories are too small to be self-sufficient . 
  so you ca n't escape the others . 
  perhaps it would be a good idea to get along . 
  yeah ... 
  i know . 
  wounds still fresh , for sure . 
  the states in germany which have a majority of catholics have more holidays than the states that have a majority of protestants . 
  hanging it lower perhaps ? 
  that 's a point , 
  finnish accession into the eu was also under two years . 
  another lie by by brexiters , but who cares ? 
  apart from that , who does represent uk 's position ? 
  bojo , fox , may or hammond ? 
  the eu already has appointed its negotiators . 
  edit : forgot davis in the list . 
  do you reallly want to stay in this vicious cycle ? 
  i do n't deny that croats , bosniaks and ( kosovo - ) albanians were also atrocious . 
  turkey agreement on refugees . 
  dooh . 
  the uk wants to change the status quo . 
  the uk has to come up with ideas . 
  easy as that . 
  if it wants a longer a timeline , this might be possible , after it officially noticed the other members of its intention to leave by activating article 50 . 
  do n't forget , that it is still possible and legally okay if the parliament does not follow the recommendation of the referendum . 
  on this basis you ca n't expect anybody to engage in formal talks . 
  brexit does n't work , blame brussels !, 
  but they would have reached their goals . 
  for determined people like them this is more important than their personal fate , i reckon . 
  because this would give consent to mladic 's and karadzic 's actions ? 
  if you have the mindset to ethnically cleanse an area as a poltical tool , twenty years waiting to reach your ultimate goal seems alright . 
  henceforth expulsions , deportations and killings could come back if one assents this precedent . 
  italian . 
  wine . 
  ok . that 's really edgy . 
  hot phase of the referendum campaign ? 
  i like blue very much . 
  take the blue one . 
  the red one has the oil wells though . 
  better red ? 
  just !, 
  bomb !, 
  more !, 
  for peace 's sake !, 
  it is not a question of pro or contra . 
  it is a matter of lacking means faciliating the ambitions of the tories and brexiters . 
  all what we are going to see will be a sad , sad comedy where the actors are not aware of being clowns . 
  hong kong as well did n't want to join china again and this city is at least important . 
  the tragedies of declining empires . 
  next up , the security council seat for india . 
  cameron will be remembered as the most foolish prime minister of all times . 
  and why is he so hated by the right wing of labour ? 
  i mean this `` new labour '' under blair is no winning option anymore . 
  the banking crisis and the iraq war finished it off . 
  it is not about accepting an outright annexation . 
  it is about power sharing of useless remote territories . 
  a better relationship with argentina and spain might outweight the non existing advantages of the myth that britain still rules the waves . 
  what is it worth to own some rocks ? 
  a real closure of the strait of gibraltar or of cape horn is only possible with the consent and support of the us . 
  and this it can do on its own . 
  hollow symbolism . 
  perhaps it 's just a realist view of the weight of the uk . 
  the tories claim a role in world the country can not afford anymore . 
  brzezi\u0144ski described it in * the grand chessboard * twenty years ago . 
  labour got more votes than in 2010 . 
  the problem was the snp which is quite social-democratic as well . 
  milliband was outgamed by cameron through his clever and nasty referendum campaigns . 
  a pity , that cameron was too clever and plunged the country into the abyss . 
  corbyn just has to wait and watch how the conservatives dismantle . 
  there is no good way out : a soft brexit aka norway style to minimize the damage to the economy will infuriate the right wing . 
  a hard brexit will bring even more austerity , a diminishing role in the world and perhaps the dissolution of the island union . 
  a parliamentarian veto on the referendum result will discredit the conservatives inwards and outwards for decades . 
  either way the tories will get slaughtered . 
  the only positive scenario for them would be absolute chaos on the continent and i do n't see this coming . 
  were n't that these guys ? 
   to reach these estimates we have calculated , for each eu country , the value of exports to the uk as a proportion of each country 's gdp and then assumed that an equivalent proportion of each country 's currently employed population has jobs linked to exports to the uk . 
  http://www.civitas.org.uk/reports_articles/uk-eu-trade-and-jobs-linked-to-exports/ the standard of the public discussion in the uk resembles more and more a third-world country . 
  why is he called unelectable ? 
  labour has won all by-elections since he took over . 
  it also widened the margin in most of them though by-elections are normally bad for turnout and therefore bad for labour . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_united_kingdom_by-elections_ ( 2010 % e2 % 80 % 93present ), 
  this isolationist approach wo n't go down very well with other european states . 
  do n't expect too many gifts down this road . 
  regarding the immigration of the third world you have to consider that with a hard border approach you systematically nurture dictatorships which keep away the immigrants today but are the cause of tommorrow 's immigration . 
  there is no good solution , i concede , but just shutting out wo n't work either in the long run . 
  there is an essay which impressed me quite a lot a and educated me in these questions and problems . 
  you do n't have to follow the conclusions but just building a wall is does not work . 
  unfortunately only in german . 
  perhaps the computerized translation will give you the main ideas despite the flaws : https://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=https%3a%2f%2fheimatkunde.boell.de%2f2013%2f11%2f18%2feuropa-verliert-seine-torw%25c3%25a4chter&amp;edit-text=,
