  the rule of law does n't seem to be priority for the new government , but it still expects to be handled as if nothing has happened . 
  the unnerving question of refugees : poland and hungary just say that it is the problem of greece and italy while they still expect huge amounts of money at least from the second state : is that fair ? 
  and the unquestioned loyality for america : if they do shit in the middle east , europe has the problem before its doorsteps , but nonetheless the polish government seems to be willing to follow the us whatever they do . 
  you know it exactly : emperor strau\u00df , stoiber , huber and seehofer . 
  the party as state . 
  journo likes to see himself as the german voice , must have something to do with it that he comes from the bavarian autocracy . 
  you 're right . 
  let 's hope , it will never come to this choice between the axis rome-berlin and a this `` triangle '' of journo . 
  poland is deeply anti-russian , good relations with russia are in principle in germany 's interest . 
  poland has nothing to offer , the media often forget that italy 's net contributions are in the dimensions of uk 's . 
  northern italy is deeply intervowen with southern germany . 
  italians are in principle very pro-european , while the egoistic national view has won in poland . 
  italy might have problems with corruption , poland is ending the rule of law . 
  what are the plus sides , apart from some goldilock narratives ? 
  sorry for the harsh tone . 
   we 'd rather have you in a triangle of power than rome . 
  that 's utter nonsense . 
  this normalization of killed soldiers is nontheless frightening . 
  turkey , russia and syria may work together in al-bab , but have different long term goals . 
  the conflict can easily spread . 
  to lend someone else 's words : `` how ? 
  you 've just handed the tories a blank cheque . 
  you did n't win a single concession but still voted for the bill . 
  pathetic . '', 
  he 's fishing for afd votes and he is the last well-known parliamentarian on an upper level the fdp has . 
  luck for him that the constitutional court dropped the 5 % threshold . 
  so much for corbyn and his great ideas ... 
  a misleading one . 
  france is much more central for the eu than the uk . 
  but the question was asking for the uk and not france . 
  it does n't take the recession of 2047 into account . 
  it does n't need to triple it , but to increase it by a fifth . 
  that 's achievable . 
  especially regarding that half of the big block of the vat receipts paid in scotland will be transferred to holyrood this year . 
  it seems that the uk is vanishing , brexit is just a catalyst . 
  if you strip off the the share of assets belonging to scotland , it will also mean to strip off the liabilities . 
  the currency of a state with zero debt will be loved . 
  i do n't think you can take current numbers and transfer them to an independence scenario . 
  bp/shell would need to erect a scottish subsidiary as a starter and therefore a bigger share of taxes will be paid in scotland and not in london . 
  anything , but no grand coalition again . 
  i see , a militarist who is n't interested in consitutional matters . 
  with different rights . 
  northern ireland is more like a province than a state . 
  not forgetting england with no devolved rights . 
  what are the oversea territories by the way ? 
  are they the queen 's personal belongings or do they have any status in the uk ? 
  in the end it is just a union . 
  discussing trade deal possibilities with india , australia and new zeeland while still being in the eu is a major break of the protocol . 
  as advisory as the referendum . 
  [ blue banania !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ), 
  975 for cologne . 
  the institutions are based there . 
  i 've heard that is now rpi ( this high inflation rate ) plus 3 % . 
  combined with the higher tuition fees , it can easily become a hard burden . 
  when and where ? 
  just post it or copypaste it . 
  otherwise less sympathisers will appear . 
  time and place ? 
  list it !, 
  idiot . 
  is there some solidarity demonstration on the weekend ? 
  i appreciate the fact that you 're trying to broaden my horizons by introducing me to the bbc , but have you noticed which sub this is ? 
   lol outsmarted . 
  :-)  letting it stop us from promoting democracy where we can is vain and self-defeating . 
  i think western societes and especially the anglophone societies have to take at first a deep look at themselves . 
  brexit and trump are not a coincidence . 
  and i 'm myself are appaled how darwinistic the english speaking subs are . 
  although reddit is seen as leftwing in the abglosphere . 
  the anglophone societies have a serious problem . 
  the middle east is much , much more than russia . 
  to get you a slight idea : in '79 puritans stormed the kaaba which had to be freed by french special forces . 
  their cause was the introduction of television which went against the picture prohibition . 
  the fact that french troops intervened had to be hidden because of the prohibition for christs to enter mekka . 
  people fighting for a iraq for everyone ? 
  that 's ridicolous . 
  listen to this three episode documentary of the bbc . 
  it will be more than you will ever hear in american media : http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p01gdq05 http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p01gv5n7 http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p01hbygb in the middle east you 're just the dumb boy with the big stick . 
  do want to become this caricature in europe , too ? 
  germany was aboard with france as one of the elected non-permanent members . 
   iraq 's transition to democracy and that 's your problem . 
  these states are incredibly weak and their institutions are not trusted , their authority is enforced . 
  democracy there means to stand with one 's tribe . 
  as seen with the arabic spring . 
  now , one has an even harder dictatorship in egypt , chaos in libya , a fierce civil , regional and proxy war in syria and a half working democracy in tunisia . 
  iraq is now an iran satellite state . 
  great achievement . 
  perhaps is opposition to the us government not always obstruction , but appropiate advise . 
  did n't i write it ? 
  please correct me . 
  you still expect loyalty and decry even neutrality in this senseless adventure in iraq though . 
  slowly we get to the point . 
  american hegemony so far was a benevolent one for western europe which deserved loyalty . 
  trump wants to change it . 
  does this new hegemony deserve loyalty ? 
  sure , we are in afghanistan to lay the foundations for sustainable peace and development . 
  we are not there because the taliban were not willing to extradite bin laden . 
  it is n't . 
  we are there since 16 years for your fucking revenge . 
  he stands for europe and with trump 80 % of the polled people are also for stronger europe .
