  visum for australia : http://germany.embassy.gov.au/beln/partner_faq_en.html and germany also belongs to the privileged countries . 
  most of the refugees from eastern bloc would be classified as economic migrants today . 
  for a swift deportation you need agreements with other countries . 
  italy had to pay 5 billion colonial guilt reparations to libya to cooperate under gaddafi . 
  could be a problem for the uk with its empire history . 
  * lasts, 
  but you hold quite a privileged passport and come from a rich country . 
  not everybody in the eu has this luxury . 
  brain drain might be an issue . 
  but then you say that the iron curtain was a good thing since it prevented the emigration of the skilled . 
  in the gdr it was actually the case for the wall since the emigration got too big . 
  i 'm not an eastern european but telling them it is for their nation 's good to be enclosed , does n't sound very convincing . 
  at least it is a priority for eastern european governments and who am i to tell them what is in their best interest . 
  regarding calais . 
  the jungle is on french soil because the uk outsourced its border controls from dover to calais . 
  you can call it a dick move but if touquet is cancelled you have to enforce your border in dover . 
  france will have no obligation to take them back . 
  so and by this example at a normally quite relaxed , civilised and secure border you can perhaps imagine what kind of conflicts can emerge at poorer and wilder borders . 
  europe would very soon become a very rough place . 
  this is the trade off for the poorer countries . 
  otherwise they would be just colonised . 
  by the way the idea that a bolt has more rights than human being is a little bit distorted . 
  furthermore a closed border needs to be sealed off as the iron curtain . 
  i once travelled by car to istanbul . 
  the bulgarian-turkish border looked like the ones in the cold war and that was ten years ago . 
  such borders dividing the continent might sound great to an islander , but not to continentals . 
  you can already see it in calais and you will see it much more if the touquet agreement is canceled . 
  france will stop doing the dirty work for you and the jungle will move to kent and sussex . 
  on a military air base near a war zone ? 
  errrmm ... yes , sure . 
  like the vacationers in ukraine . 
  but so many . 
  that is a very substantive engagement . 
  i do n't know if russians are aware of so many troops sent to syria . 
  what ? 
  the irish are now the guardians of the english language . 
  take this oxbridge !, 
  me not good english !, 
  takes google serching . 
  look resultings . 
  many , many feared . 
  evropas cultural is kaboom !, 
  we will must protect . 
  i would challenge the number of 20 % ; seems much too low to me . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  do n't take the merger of lse/frankfurt as a given fact . 
  the german regulator bafin already expressed doubts . 
  also the european commission has to give its consent . 
   to reach these estimates we have calculated , for each eu country , the value of exports to the uk as a proportion of each country 's gdp and then assumed that an equivalent proportion of each country 's currently employed population has jobs linked to exports to the uk . 
  what utter bullshit . 
  though if you take the point that hong kong kept its harbour status for china , you have to see that china exerts full control on it . 
  peking 's administration can regulate the business there as it wants . 
  if it decides to have a more liberal and open approach than in the rest of china , it is because of the outer world and not because of hong kong . 
  this implies the uk has to follow european rules if it wants to keep the status of london as european marketplace . 
   `` it 's overwhelmingly in their interests . 
  not only do we buy more german cars than anybody else , we drink more italian wine than any other country in europe -- 300m litres of prosecco every year . 
  they 're not going to put that at risk . '' do n't drink and drive !, 
  do n't do stupid things . 
  this interview is hilarious . 
  http://news.sky.com/video/boris-johnson-the-full-interview-10588908 he moves and talks like a gaucho . 
  that 's the old gdr/sed newspaper , still heavy leftwing . 
  liked the song a lot . 
  though always could understand this as well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot0yoo9b2bc, 
  the western multinationals would have expanded anyway , unless the the eastern europeans kept their closed soviet economies and lifestyles . 
  even then they had to orientate either to western europe or to russia . 
  i see the attitude of russia towards the eu and the other way around a little bit different . 
  through the the nato expansion at the same time and the iraq invasion supported by easterners , the eu got too interconnected with the american hegemony in the russian view . 
  therefore the relations worsened . 
  i 'm not sure if the situation in the ukraine had escalated so far , if the eu distanced itself more from the us in the years before . 
  disregarding the base scenario that , if the eastern enlargement never happened , eastern europe would be a buffer zone . 
  that might be bad for eastern europeans , but there would surely be less tensions between western europe and russia . 
  concerning the brexit , i 'm glad that you share my view that eastern european immigration was the winning case in the tight referendum . 
  the referenda in france and the netherlands were 2005 . 
  the enlargement and the change of the rules was too much . 
  merkel 's approach in the last year is viewed positive in greece and italy . 
  before that , germany had a similar stance like the v4 , that this is only greece 's and italy 's problem . 
  i can understand that renzi is not satisfied . 
  it would be the same if the westerners told poland and the baltics that russia is only their problem . 
   unless we feel a guarantee that these people ( living and working in britain ) are equal , we will veto any agreement between the eu and britain , '' he said . 
  `` i think britain knows this is an issue for us where there 's no room for compromise . '', 
  so protecting status quo for the people already living there . 
  further free movement can be barred . 
  given the translation was right and fico knows what he is saying . 
   here is what true self-criticism would look like in this case . 
  that 's right . 
  the eastern enlargement was the biggest mistake the eu ever made . 
  cost a shitload of money , worsened the relations with russia , got the uk out on the question of eastern european immigration , played a negative role in the eu constitution referenda in the netherlands and france ; took part in the invasion of iraq , and now oviously destructing any sensible solution to the mess they helped to create . 
  just as justin trudeau has nothing to do with pierre trudeau . 
  absolutely no political overlappings . 
  her family is part of the deep state . 
  house oldenburg is the other side whose members joined the nsdap in 1930 . 
  the apple does n't fall far away from the tree . 
  beatrix von storch , the head of the afd berlin , is the grandchild of the nazi 's finance minister and chancellor in may 45 though . 
  do n't mind . 
  in some years there will be the london prey to pay up for the shortcomings . 
  at least big newspapers do n't dream of eastern living rooms anymore , while the telegraph still publishes nonsense like canzuk . 
  yeah , 0,15 % of vat . 
  on this question the eu will dismantle . 
  the poorer countries also get a rebate on this :  the vat base to be taxed is capped at 50 % of gni for each country . 
  this rule is intended to prevent less prosperous countries having to pay a disproportionate amount ( in such countries consumption -- and so vat -- tend to account for a higher percentage of national income ) .
