  the biggest functioning tax haven is switzerland and even there one could argue if it is real tax haven . 
  furthermore , the army would have to shrink significantly with a small state approach . 
  this would result in the end of the special relationship with the us and reduce the importance of britain for europe . 
  banking becoming boring again is n't a bad thing . 
   instead , it 's getting worse as russia is trying to reclaim its ussr-era might . 
  we penetrated their claimed sphere of influence with georgia , libya , syria and ukraine . 
  in many cases it was surely according to the public will , but nonetheless the west encroached and not russia . 
  it is the decision of the usa to retreat . 
  this presidency was perhaps an accident , but if you subtract the trump noise , the us consentrates more on the pacific region which is a continuation of the obama years . 
  the eu has a self defense clause . 
  ok , one has to be honest and admit that it will be much weaker is pretty nascent . 
  so far , it was only triggered after the paris attacks , but it is the foundation for the german jets in turkey to support the fight against isis . 
  one could build on this . 
  the diminishing of nato will surely take decade and will not vanish tomorrow . 
  just to be sure that we do n't misunderstand each other . 
  i also see the current russian regime as a nasty and deplorable one , but they are there . 
  one can not choose its neighbourhood . 
  perhaps the discontent will grow so big that the kremlin replaces putin and will become a bit more normal . 
   we should absolutely not give a fuck about what russia thinks of america and even less change our own relations because of them . 
  so there we have a disagreement and given the fact that nato is diminishing ( see may 's letter today ) , one might have to take another approach . 
   nope , it 's just i also do n't want an anti-eu chauvinist regime to control europe 's energy flows . 
  russia is already # 1 supplier , we should look for balancing it , not increasing the dependence further . 
  europe is not just a random shopper which can switch from supplier to the next . 
  it 's the probably the third biggest market of the world . 
  to serve it , suppliers have to erect significant infrastructure and will demand reliability and guarantees that europe does n't change as soon as some problems arise . 
  the only region which is able to provide such masses is the middle east . 
  by the way , i 'm not convinced that russia is anti-eu . 
  it is against nato because it is anti-american . 
  lng is extremely expensive . 
  between azerbaijan/iran and europe lie two lovely countries : one starts with r and another with t ; the area which was once called libya ; norway ok , but it does n't produce enough . 
  although i understand this fear , this train of thought is too narrow . 
  nordstream with its added capacity opened the possibility to reverse the flow of the slovakian pipeline and to bring gas from central europe to the ukraine since 2015 to circumvent the russian boycott . 
  it 's a bit silly , for sure , to transport gas through the baltic sea and bring it back eastwards , but russia did n't stop the supply . 
  when you have overcapacities or let 's say a security margin , you are more flexible to react . 
  more pipelines do n't necessarily mean a higher leverage for russia and it needs hard currency too much to stop the supply in total . 
  do you really prefer a dependency on the middle east ? 
  although i understand this fear , this train of thought is too narrow . 
  nordstream with its added capacity opened the possibility to reverse the flow of the slovakian pipeline and to bring gas from central europe to the ukraine since 2015 to circumvent the russian boycott . 
  it 's a bit silly , for sure , to transport gas through the baltic sea and bring it back eastwards , but russia did n't stop the supply . 
  when you have overcapacities or let 's say a security margin , you are more flexible to react . 
  more pipelines do n't necessarily mean a higher leverage for russia and it needs hard currency too much to stop the supply in total . 
  it 's the same approach springer has in germany . 
  journalists for welt and bild ( the two big newspapers belonging to springer ) have to sign up that they will support the transatlantic alliance with the usa . 
  point 3 : http://www.axelspringer.de/en/artikel/the-essentials_40219.html, 
  and where shall the oil and gas come from ? 
  self-reliance regarding these things is a myth . 
  will be crushed . 
  springer owns the half of politico eu . 
  says who ? 
  do n't misundertand me , i would like it , but with highly inflated numbers one does n't help the cause . 
  being smart-alec about the council of europe ? 
  there was a time , i highly regarded the well-informed and educated public discussion in the uk . 
  you have a seat in the council ? 
   but can you people please take your head out your arse and stop acting as if the eu is the be all and end all of the world . 
  there is a whole rest of the globe outside of europe , and britain will be fine outside the eu for a while . 
  ok , the last part was a bit smug . 
  sry for that , although it is really hard not to make fun of your brexiter trio . 
  the eu is surely not the be all and end all of the world , but i think you still underestimate the isolation the uk is heading to . 
  may said that the uk wo n't accept the ecj . 
  without accepting the ecj , no open skies , for example . 
  no agreement with the us on aviation and so on . 
  have a look at the treaties which will be cancelled with the exit of the eu : http://ec.europa.eu/world/agreements/searchbytype.do?id=1 you can argue that this is all red tape and needs to be abolished , but it does n't change the fact that the uk will be one of the most isolated countries in the world . 
  more isolated than serbia , more isolated than australia or brazil . 
  it erases a huge part of its international relations of the last 40 years . 
  and the world has moved on , it is not impatiently awaiting the uk . 
  makes sense in a way . 
  the american president will be your new overlord . 
  i 'm just observing and not demanding anybody to do anything . 
  the implications of your second sentence are quite crass , by the way . 
  they replace parliaments 's sovereignty with people 's sovereignty of a non-binding referendum . 
  public mood trumps the law , so to say . 
  and on the second part , this demonstration would have been a push for a softer brexit after opposition in parliament is almost non-existent . 
  so , be ready for b-day : when liam fox boards the royal yacht packed with innovative jam which will be freely traded to the grateful natives of the commonwealth . 
   imho our both governments are trying to achieve the best for their own countries - but unfortunately only our is called nationalistc because of that . 
  it depends on how hard one tries to achieve national advantages . 
  and there , the new polish government does n't seem prepared to accept any compromises . 
  with this attitude it does n't get very far as one has seen with tusk . 
  pis could n't even convince orban or any other of the v4 to join them . 
  neither the baltics . 
  it is absolutely antagonistic to everybody and seeks only his interest without the ability to cooperate . 
  i do n't see why northstream should have been an disadvantage for poland . 
  except perhaps for the case that kaczsinky ca n't use it to steal gas as the ukraine did . 
   thus merkel invited people ( 3 years later ) . 
  perhaps you should read the whole article . 
  de maiziere ( the interior minister ) informed her that 800000 people were on their way on august the 19th . 
  that was before the selfies the welcome speech . 
  she just reacted to the situation where she tried isolate arsonists who attacked a lot of refugee centers at the time . 
  yes , one could have closed the border , but you do n't need much phantasy what would have happened on the balkans , greece and hungary if this million refugees stranded there . 
   now they want to send the ones that has no education to our part of eu . 
  the proposal of the commission in 2015 explicity named greece , italy and hungary as beneficiaries of the redistrubition scheme and not germany . 
  on the contrary , it would have taken some more in . 
   one can be wonder - why - if there is an eu and they can put pipes , which is less cost , across ee countries . 
  it 's cheaper because one does n't have to pay transit fees and without transit countries one can not be blackmailed through withhold gas . 
   their industry needs more people . 
  thus merkel invited people . 
  now they want to send the ones that has no education to our part of eu . 
  that 's so wrong it 's not even false . 
  the people were already on their way . 
  closing the borders would have meant to leave them stranded on the balkans and greece . 
  you can say that this would be better , but it would surely not be better for these states .
