  especially since a black-green coalition is a possibility after next elections . 
  on the other hand , a personal election is easier to understand and the person is clearly devoted to an european perspective . 
  a compromise candidate out of the parliament would not be as accepted by the public and his mandate would be much weaker . 
  additionally the person could be elected by the principle `` one man-one vote '' under the same rules , without the national distortions of representation . 
  this would be more democratic . 
  these 20 million are just an insult . 
  so you are fine with the rat race and being a second tier citizen who has to come up for the revenue shortfalls due to the special grantings for multinationals . 
  over 2 million subsidies per employee . 
  that 's total bollocks . 
  did n't work last time when they invaded iraq with the americans . 
  but do n't expect that the v4 will take responsibility for the mess they helped to cause . 
  the relocation will start before the erection of the border . 
  is your compass a litllte bit broken , so that you defend apple in dodging taxes ? 
  that 's 13 billion earnings for ireland . 
  you really drank too much of the kool-aid . 
  but look at it in the longer run . 
  at first , you will get a nice big chunk of the london prey . 
  later on , belfast becomes more and more republican until reunification . 
   the english channel provides a substantial fence if the immigrants can cross the sahara and the mediterranean , the channel wo n't be a problem . 
   the already harsh penalties for those carrying illegal immigrants reduces the number brought in and with improved technology ( eg cargo scanners at ports ) a higher detection rate could be achieved . 
  if you believe so . 
  that will be a silly cat and mice game . 
  if you fortify dover , they will go to folkestone , if you fortify folkstone , they will go to hastings and so on . 
  in the end , immigrants can be just set out on your beaches . 
  to remind you , the starting point of this thread was that another commenter said , that you do n't need the cooperation of france in these things and that you can unilaterally force your will on it . 
  i differ . 
  if you want to see how complex things are , you can read this piece on the italian-libyan relations under gaddafi : https://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=https%3a%2f%2fheimatkunde.boell.de%2f2013%2f11%2f18%2feuropa-verliert-seine-torw%c3%a4chter&amp;edit-text= i do n't think that you can force france into a similar behaviour . 
  to the costs of the illegal immigrants , i think , your estimations are not very well based . 
  normally the second or third generation gets into crime , not the first . 
  sigh ... at first , illegal immigrants cost you nothing since they have no rights , and are not eligible of any welfare payments . 
  if you really want to seal a border you have to militarize it as the iron curtain . 
  this border regime effectively prevented unwanted border crossings . 
  the economic exchange also has to stop , otherwise you only betray yourself : each lorry driver , each deprived fisherman and each cargo-handler will be tempted to get some fast bucks . 
  the harder the border controls , the higher the price and the temptation . 
  you will catch some , that 's for sure , but by no way the mass , while the duties will keep on rising . 
  free trade and migration ca n't be separated . 
  as switzerland which you blackmailed when it suited you ? 
  perhaps in your banana state . 
  watch in awe while servicing your russian and arab overlords . 
  come on . 
  as if the cdu/csu did n't bash the southerners and especially greece . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  they got you on the hook . 
  so are the french ... 
  they are just a transit country . 
  what happens after the travellers have left the country is not their problem anymore . 
  lol !, 
  outsourcing border controls and its problems on other people 's soil is called help . 
  you really think that , do n't you ? 
  stop oppressing brexiters defending their culture . 
  you need the ferries more than they do . 
  you import a big chunk of goods and it might be that more brits do vacation in france than the other way around . 
  but , hey , carry on with your self-inflicted duties . 
  fun to watch . 
  but it is n't the other way around . 
  bad luck . 
  so you can rant about the froggies . 
  to remember , you downgraded your alliance with the continent this summer . 
  ok . you are sovereign , you can act as you like with your immigrants . 
  `` but they do have an obligation to properly document and then deport illegal immigrants . '', 
  have they ? 
  i would rather say , just give them boats and tell them to pass on the best wishes to the queen when they are on the other side . 
  `` they want more eu military force to ward off states like russia '' not orban , fico and zeman . 
  actually , of the v4 it 's just poland which freaks out over russia . 
  the other three states are even lukewarm with the sanctions and want to abolish them . 
  did n't know that your system is so presidential . 
  but does n't change the point that your parliament is weakened by this step . 
  yeah , this referendum thingy . 
  it was a joke from the beginning . 
  if you compare it with other referenda like the alternative vote referendum in 2011 , you will notice that the act of the former describes no consequences while the act of the later describes instant law changes . 
  apart from the question if pebiscites are a good way to decide on complex political issues . 
  authoritarian figures like chavez , the nazis , erdogan etc. 
  love referenda . 
  though normally it is the other way around . 
  at first the party elects a leader . 
  on this basis you vote for a party . 
  since your constitution is unwritten and very much based on customs , this is a shift to concentrate power even more on backroom groups and the prime minister . 
  so an unelected prime minister has the exclusive power about one of the most important decisions of this country : without a law , without any boundaries . 
  well done . 
  as brit i would feel like living in a banana state . 
  european firms had also to pay american fines for corruption in third countries . 
  although it was at this time perfectly legal in their jurisdictions . 
  the americans are already one step further than the europeans regarding the sanctions . 
  switzerland is one step behind . 
  although this might change with this ex-manager of exxon which circumvented the sanctions already . 
  to your ukraine ideas : i do n't see that the uk or the us is really willing to support it more than through training weapon deliveries and perhaps some lonely `` green men '' . 
  this wo n't change the balance of power on the ground in a meaningful way . 
  so a further escalation will just mean more pointless bloodshed without regaining the lost territory and risking a full out war which russia would win in several days or weeks . 
  ok , one can see this cynical and say as long as it harms russia , it will be success . 
  but another destabilzed region around europe is not really in the interest of the eu . 
  the iraq war and its aftermath the syrian civil war damaged continental interests enough . 
  but keep on telling yourself that the house of saud is a force of good . 
  it was them who expulsed the hashemites and established the ultra-orthodoxy . 
   for a country supposedly so irrelevant you spend so much of your time posting and commenting about it do n't you i wrote nowhere that the uk itself is irrelevant , just pointing out that johnson 's approach as american mouthpiece does n't carry much weight . 
  it is an overseas territory , not a part of the uk . 
  you can add crown dependencies . 
  all of them undermine the tax base of your nato allies . 
  if you want to include tax and expenditure questions into a nato discussion , you have to face these issues , too . 
  and with this new approach of the us and its pitbull uk to demand tributes , i 'm really inclined to let nato die . 
  its usefulness is harder and harder to see .
