  the anglo-american obsession with russia as arch-enemy and their will to fund islamists and in general to destabilize whole regions just to weaken russia is getting freaky . 
  full circle . 
  we are again at the issue of subsidized tax havens surrounding the uk like a spider web . 
  and they will stay that way as long as whitehall sees some use in them . 
  otherwise they can bugger off . 
  it has a reason why they are not incorporated in the uk . 
  they are . 
  the people on diego garcia were even deported to fit american wishes . 
  triggering works every time . 
  and only by the use of a name in another language . 
  how convenient . 
  if you do n't like such things brought up relating to nato , you should perhaps focus on the standing commitments and not on internal taxing and expenditure matters . 
  germany has right now a bigger force in afghanistan than the uk and the detachment in lithuania is the same size as in estonia . 
  if the uk likes to waste money on vanity projects like gibraltar or the malvinas , it is its right , but it should n't pretend that it has anything to do with the enhancement of nato . 
  you know , your demands violate sovereignty . 
  perhaps you understand . 
  but you seemingly do n't dispute the current situation with lots of foreign arabian fighters and the take over of the rebellion by islamists . 
  what about gibraltar ? 
  oh , i forgot , it 's a subsidized tax haven in southern spain . 
  wahhabism is not against secular lifestyles ? 
  interesting . 
  the kingdom repeatedly disputes its terror links , but it is really hard to miss its role in al-quaida , isis and the great `` moderate '' rebels who just want purge the alevites in syria and not in the whole middle east . 
  it is alright then , i guess . 
  on russia : it is surely hostile to nato . 
  i do n't see a hostility in principle against the eu . 
  it could be a good tool to get the us out of europe , from a russian point of view . 
  the counter-summit in st. petersburg against the iraq war was feasible and the minsk process has also a different angle than the anglo-american approach towards ukraine . 
  another example , where nobody cares about the uk 's role as an american pitbull . 
  everything you need to know is disclosed in washington itself , one does n't need a translator in london . 
  and a lot of ressources . 
  uk prefers good relations wirth saudi-arabia and the gulf states ; continental europe prefers a moderate reconciliation with russia and iran . 
  so everybody has his dirty laundry . 
  with trump and brexit the west is diminishing . 
  although , to be fair , this development has been started under obama with his pivot to asia and his acceptance of iran as a regional power . 
  so , nobody cared . 
  this can easily backfire . 
  the eu took a stance against the austrian government when the fp\u00d6 took part in it in the early 2000 's . 
  as a result , many austrians took side for the fp\u00d6 and made it stronger than before . 
  i do n't like him either , but he is nonetheless the elected pm . 
  they did n't follow pis in rejecting tusk . 
  they did n't even abstain from the vote . 
  if they were as destructive , self serving and short sighted as you claim , they would have voted against him . 
  this would have been a strong signal of a coordinated and ambitious v4 bloc . 
  washington is n't willing or able to foot the bill anymore . 
  moscow 's first goal is to get the americans out . 
  it is too weak to dominate europe . 
  so these alternatives do n't really exist . 
  it will surely take another decade , but i do n't see the centrifugal forces getting strong enough to tear the eu apart , unless the public in france or germany calls for an end of it . 
   and you know who they 'll blame ? 
  the eu , for not being strong enough to handle the sabotage . 
  bashing brussels for some domestic popularity is one thing . 
  following down the path another . 
  there are almost no opportunities for eastern europe if the eu crrumbles . 
  it would be a cordon sanitaire again and on the wrong site of the fence . 
  i am not so pessimistic : https://newsnow.tasr.sk/foreign/slovak-police-officers-to-serve-within-frontex-reach-lesbos/, 
  is the v4 really a thing , apart from `` we do n't like muslims '' ? 
  orban is not bothered by russian influence as hungary 's new nuclear plant is bulit by a russian firm . 
  two different things . 
  who cares what johnson says ? 
  good read . 
   special interest groups that can affect policy on a european scale . 
  previously , this level of corporate influence was not possible as it had to traverse too many jurisdictions . 
  wow , that 's literally the first good brexit argument i have read so far . 
  although , one could argue that otherwise the small states would have just to adopt the regulations of the big ones . 
  they are catching up , though . 
  i would n't call the last 13 years a failure . 
  the migration flows in germany have slowed down and partly even stopped if you take it as an eastern enlargement in small . 
  the eastern states will probably be always a bit poorer than the western states , but the slope has become bearable . 
  i expect something similar with eastern europe as a whole . 
  even less when you consider this footnote :  public sector receipts farming subsidies etc. 
  for the private sector are not included . 
  the sum is quite incidental , though . 
  the year before , it was just 5 billion and in '13 it was 8,5 . 
  in 2008 even only 0,8 ; less than the swedish contribution . 
  what a casual title . 
  the bridge is cool . 
  where is it ? 
  your considerations are understandable . 
  https://www.destatis.de/de/zahlenfakten/gesamtwirtschaftumwelt/aussenhandel/tabellen/rangfolgehandelspartner.pdf?__blob=publicationfile https://www.destatis.de/de/publikationen/wirtschaftstatistik/aussenhandel/aussenhandel2013_42014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile, 
  look up the details yourself at destatis or genesis . 
  because merkel presses hard for it . 
  her transatlantic approach with her naive faith in the us weakens the eu extremely . 
  denouncing every small bit of russian influence , but ignoring and covering up american espionage and surveillance on an industrial scale . 
  not to mention the regular fines by american courts which mostly apply to european firms . 
  or the sanctions themselves which are circumvented by american firms but strictly imposed on european ones . 
  or the support for islamists in the middle east as long as they are anti-iranian and anti-russian . 
  and europe may welcome refugees . 
  great !, 
  http://www.gtai.de/gtai/navigation/de/trade/maerkte/special/russland-sanktionen,t=13-finanzsanktionen,did=1256374.html also chapter 1.4 . 
  trade is not only exports . 
  even if the german media have a obsession for it . 
  fake . 
  they dropped from 75 in 2013 to 48 2016 . 
  it 's damn expensive and if pis keeps on obstrucating , one should drop them . 
  orban and fico are also for a drop . 
  and please do n't pretend that everybody is a fan of the atlantic bridge . 
  ok , he has n't much to say , though . 
  his position is just ceremonial like the spanish king . 
  the italian president is much more powerful . 
  what do you mean with federal president ?
