  the social contract there does n't work anymore since 2008 . 
  you do n't get the point . 
  with the leaving of the eu , it will be a constant and latent threat and a disadvantage for london by the sheer possibility to get its licenses withdrawn . 
  no matter , what the eu does . 
  if you think so ... lol !, 
  it 's like with cars and prosecco , right ? 
  because the us and singapore would have a problem if a competitioner is singled out ? 
  brexiters , the gifts which keep on giving . 
  mifid 2 is an eu regulation , eu regulations can be changed . 
  in the future even without the uk . 
  clever guys , simply the best and brightest . 
  then they would be one of the strongest parties . 
  perhaps you should calm down a bit and recognize that most of the new immigrants are normal people and not some agents of erdogan . 
  sorry , if this sounds arrogant , but this the disadvantage of not having a threshold . 
  every nuthead gets a seat . 
  50 + and the animal party are also parties with a very special agenda . 
  is the fragmentation of the second chamber an issue ? 
  it also white-washed german nazis as long as they were anticommunist enough . 
  and have they chances to gain some seats or are they just some edgy people ? 
  there is also a akp affiliated party in nrw , big , but despite good finances and a quite professional appearance they gained less than 1 % . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jan/28/stop-brexit-campaign-biggest-uk-biggest-protest-march even with an opt-out on the date . 
  you have to add the states ' budgets which are about the same size , the local council 's budgets and the public insurance budgets which are not part of the taxation system ( as the nhs , for example ) . 
  second the federal budget , third eu dues , fourth the states ' budgets , fifth local councils , sixth public insurances . 
  the federal budget is only a quarter of public expenditure . 
  otherwise they could help the bonn council . 
  it has been discussing the new tram line for only 40 years . 
  but about what will the council discuss afterwards ? 
  fools feeding each other . 
  twitter `` diplomacy '' sucks even more than twitter `` journalism '' . 
  merkel must go !, 
  point given , where are you right , there are you right . 
  i 'm belonging more to the mob which ca n't differentiate . 
  bestest piece of him . 
  he will go where the money is . 
  he stated it tself . 
  you can buy this guy . 
  he even begs for money on his site , sry he has no site . 
  very reliable . 
  then do n't bring it up as a succesful example . 
  although in the meantime poorer than lithuania and estonia . 
  and on one level with poland . 
  the last years were harsh . 
  it has become better though . 
  this double irish with a dutch sandwich is phased out . 
  so the us takes saudi-arabia now as an example . 
  you know that a third of the saudi arabian population are immigrants , do n't you ? 
  badly drawn clause , but nothing of real signifcance . 
  the gdr had to pay up to 5 % of its gdp . 
  nope . 
  they are not occupation troops . 
  they pay for the expenses themselves . 
  if they demand tributes like the soviets , they can leave . 
  is the common sense in the czech republic to stick with eastern europe and to stay out of deeper integration ? 
   no that 's not the position were taking . 
  and that threat was obviously just a threat . 
  brace yourself because this might not be a threat or a negotiation position but the consequence of an isolated britain . 
  there are not many other big incentives one can offer to keep international businesses on the island . 
  is the uk schr\u00f6dinger 's cat ? 
  can it have the cake and eat it ? 
  stay tuned !, 
  then carry on !, 
  nothing stops you to go to the ecj and get a ruling on this . 
  the unionists seem to be more nationalist than the republicans . 
  already said perhaps it is better that the uk leaves . 
  eastern europe fucked up ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  slowly you get it . 
  and the eu is among other things the institutionalized reconciliation between france and germany . 
  perhaps one could reconciliate without the eu . 
  let 's say in hastings ? 
   weak russia isnt a good thing for us . 
  but with an arms race it would be weakened much further . 
  and a eventual reconciliation would be much harder . 
  the reserve fund is already empty . 
  http://old.minfin.ru/en/reservefund/statistics/volume/index.php?id_4=5817 shortly after the `` uprising '' and the green men in donezk there were trials to move it all down to odessa . 
  but this `` liberation '' lacked popular support , so they abandoned it . 
  this attrition is now the second `` best '' solution for them . 
  putin thought and perhaps still hopes that the sanctions will be lifted , orban and the southern european states are for this . 
  but this status quo ca n't go on for long when you look at the state of russia itself . 
  at that point one needs a situation where russia can retreat without losing its face . 
  why do you reduce it on the military ? 
  there are sanctions in place which weaken russia . 
  it is not the soviet union anymore , the annexations were very modest although putin had at some time the ambition to roll the ukraine up to odessa , he failed . 
  also , if one really tries an arms race like in the cold war , russia can either collapse or go insane because it would n't have a chance . 
  both outcomes are not really desirable . 
  that 's why it is perhahps better that the uk leaves . 
  just take the scenario described above . 
  this would translate in full german hegemony in europe without france . 
  the reinstituted d-mark would be the leading currency which would influence everybody else without any saying on it . 
  germany could unilaterally command central and eastern european countries and would orient eastwards towards russia . 
  and you want to tell me that this wo n't heighten tensions ? 
  finland would have a harder time without the eu . 
  macrogeo 8 st. james 's square - london , sw1y 4ju telephone : +44 ( 0 ) 20\u00a03858\u00a00188 mmmhh ... 
  the demographs know more than the gorvernment , cool . 
  look at eastern europe , population growth is not a given . 
  brexit did n't happen so far , so the data do not seem too hard . 
  it 's just a projection . 
  you know like this expert malthus predicted . 
  i mean even less ? 
  i already expect it to be a trainwreck , but this would be an earthquake .
