  cato instititute is a very right wing american foundation by the koch industries . 
  hardcore austrian school ( hayek ) , also big in climate-scepticism . 
  torygraph is a mockery for the daily telegraph . 
  that 's just nonsense stochastic . 
  no plan or whatever . 
  it 's a moving average . 
  perhaps . 
  dunno , but this was a consistent message of the campaign that the us is being fleeced . 
  i had the impression that this view is widely shared and one has to admit that globalisation might be useful for the country as a whole , but that the metropolises and big corporations profit much more than the countryside . 
  the countryside might even lose out . 
  writer works for the cato institute and editor worked for the torygraph . 
  thank you . 
  i saw a poll that half of the electorate would fall for it . 
  he is a heir , a dandy and a showmaster . 
  racist , paranoid and narcisstic without question , but a warmonger ? 
  much talk , little substance . 
  he has the vibes of a used car dealer . 
  given his hardcore cabinet wo n't take over . 
  is he really this mastermind ? 
  and if trump gets rid of obamacare and replaces it wirth an affordable care act , the people will love him . 
  in the next spring he will have a groundbreaking ceremony for his wall , the people will love him more . 
  politicizing business decisions can be popular as well : one , two many carriers . 
  ripping off the uk while celebrating the special free trade deal relationship will also work . 
  the us is big enough to fall back on itself and a handful of client states . 
  on the other hand he tried to compromise with russia but was stopped with the resignation of flynn . 
  he was even willing to give moscow the absolute hegemony over the ukraine . 
  that 's clearly a retreat . 
  all his other things like this muslim ban and the wall are also defensive . 
  on north korea , he also had almost nothing to say . 
  he retreated from the tpp which had the clear goal to encircle and isolate china . 
  and last but not least he is willing to question the nato `` to get a better deal '' . 
  this shows imo a lack of ambitious geopolitical or imperialist thinking . 
  that 's isolationism . 
  the us is tired of the world . 
  trump just continues the retreat of obama , if you subtract the noise . 
  downvote me , but i still think trump is pretty isolationist . 
  besides the military there are other things as well . 
  who takes the bunch of economic sanctions against russia ? 
  europe . 
  who has all these refugees fleeing the great wars in the middle east ? 
  europe . 
  who keeps greece , poland and the balkans afloat ? 
  western/northern europe . 
  who triggered the first and only time article 5 ? 
  usa . 
  one could also question this whole approach . 
  just throwing money at the military , does n't make it efficient . 
  i do n't see why poland after its collapse of the eastern bloc industries and its following reconvalescence should be something special . 
  it will fit to other european economies and be be nothing special with its ups and downs . 
  fifteen years ago germany was the sick man of europe . 
  russia might be a gas station , but better have one than have none . 
  otherwise one , also poland , has to engage much more with these lovely muslim countries like saudi-arabia and iran . 
  i 'm sure you are looking forward to it . 
  i present you now the decision poland has to take : either you are part of deeper european integration with all the privileges and duties or you will be periphery of western europe and the buffer zone ( cordon sanitaire ) with russian influence and the freedom to do what you want . 
  the decision is up to you . 
  extremely funny after breivik . 
  / not, 
  he is n't . 
  he is the guy who reports to the ep . 
  barnier is the negotiator . 
  i know , there is an obsession of the english media with verhofstadt , but he has no central role . 
  perhaps because he gives interviews to everybody on everything . 
  his position is weak since his failed stunt with the five stars faction in the ep . 
  and guy verhofstadt has actually what to do with the question of an european army ? 
  i mean , he is the leader of a small faction in the european parliament and this guy comes from belgium . 
  nothing against belgium , but i do n't think that this country will be the core of an european army . 
  he does n't oversee a budget regarding these issues and he does n't even have much expertise on thise things . 
  the nationalist resistance had somehow more dignity before it became a puppet of russia and america . 
  more like in schengen , luxembourg . 
  one reason more to oust the german occupants . 
  long live the stuarts !, 
  why are you so obsessed to make germany as nasty as brexitland ? 
  there were three or actually four anthems : heil dir im siegerkranz , wacht am rhein , auferstanden aus ruinen and deutschlandlied . 
  you should better think of the new anthem for scotland : the brave or the flower ? 
  at least , they did n't scald it . 
  imagine , i went with wasserpolacken on a catholic , monoeducational school , my first girlfriend was polish and i travelled to krakow and masuria . 
  tell me more . 
  depend on putin or on the saudis , what would you choose and it might associal , but your government introduced it . 
  it is a buffer zone , which is called poland . 
  have fun with your exceptionialism . 
  1410 never forget . 
  or drop the the hardcore nationalism . 
  choice is yours . 
  oil and gas.otherwise one has to really engage in the middle east . 
  unfortunatetly banned . 
  in this deepness i will continue in german : das ist mir bewusst . 
  edited it . 
  until 66 it was black . 
  ca n't help it that the black people are so unconvincing . 
  at least them was given a chance . 
  and on local level still given . 
  and seriously , i was this winter visiting some relatives in mainfranken . 
  the nepotism has really reached astonishing dimensions . 
  some change and may it be for four years might be good and if just be to show that the csu does n't own the state . 
  eight . 
  but facts does n't matter anymore , right ? 
  but for this the polish government has to take responsibility . 
  it has also to empathize into other countries if it wants to represent it . 
  let 's take the v4 : hungary , the czech republic and slovakia are quite easy with russia . 
  it does n't hinder the polish government to work very close to them , but from western europe it demands a starker stance against russia .
