  what you are aspiring is just a balkanisation of western europe where disfunctional statelets celebrate their narrow minded `` heritage '' or whatever and try to fleece their neighbours . 
  totally distopian . 
  what do you think will happen to anvers without the hinterland ? 
  but keep on dreaming that it will be great . 
  in scotland one can at least argue that the uk is hyper centralised and that the economic , cultural and political centre london is sucking most of the resources and talents of country and therefore a burden . 
  but belgium is the very opposite of it . 
  fucking greed it is and nothing principled or great . 
  i once saw a torchlight procession of the vlaams blok , it was nothing short of the blackshirts . 
  this affluence chauvinism is just disgusting . 
  abolutely no sympathy for it . 
  the central person of this affair planned with others to assassinate the president and the justice minister . 
  i call this a real problem . 
  although von der leyens actionism is more about to divert attention from her responsibility as defense minister . 
  gambling is frowned upon and not celebrated . 
  heavily regulated , but i 'm sure that some gibraltan or english broker will make some booking on the net . 
  your future . 
  if you could imagine how broken this looks from the outside . 
  making election results a betting issue . 
  as if the mp 's were horses . 
  but perhaps this exactly the point . 
  arrogance of power . 
  they did n't campaign , were n't too succesful with their politics and did n't explain what they want to do when reelected . 
  yes , but for this last act you need only some thousands . 
  the rest of population can keep telling itself that nothing bad happens . 
  of course you could know , if you wanted to , but you could also live on lying to yourself : `` it 's just a deportation . '', 
  much easier . 
  and only half of the jews were killed in the kz 's , the other half was killed in incidents like babyn jar . 
  it does n't take many psychopaths to do mass killing on an industrial scale . 
  the process has just to be partitioned into small tasks : one segregates the victims , one picks them up , one transports them , a last one kills them . 
  all just following orders . 
  apart from systematic hunger sieges like in leningrad . 
  the death toll there was wanted to have an empty territory ready to be colonised . 
  dehumanisation of the enemy is also a powerful tool which you might underestimate . 
  sensible ? 
  the border controls on airports are hard . 
  furthermore , the uk imposes visa restrictions on many countries . 
  fair point , although the general reaction was somehow more positive than in 2010 , when the state crises erupted . 
  even the chief of the ifo institute ( ultra hawkish on financial matters ) conceded the principal need for some redistribution mechanism . 
  then the uk will have to upgrade its surveillance society . 
  without hard border controls one has to observe the whole country very closely to prevent immigrants seeking labour . 
  if uk politics is centrist , the political scope in the united kingdom must be extremely rightwing . 
  spiegel : that 's why macron is demanding that germany should steer part of its surpluses to southern europe . 
  germany must recognize , he says , that europe and the common currency can not survive without becoming a transfer union . 
  is he right ? 
  sch\u00e4uble : you can not form a community of countries of different strength without a certain amount of equilibrium . 
  that is reflected in , for example , the eu budget and the bailout programs . 
  that is why there are net payers and net recipients in europe . 
  a community can not exist if the stronger do not take responsibility for the weaker . 
  how far one goes with those transfers and the amount that is to be redistributed is something that voters must decide in a democracy . 
  spiegel : that 's why the new president would like to strengthen the european institutions and , for example , institute a european finance minister . 
  what do you think of that ? 
  sch\u00e4uble : a lot - i actually once brought this up . 
  but a european finance minister would also have to have the powers of a finance minister . 
  otherwise the whole thing does n't make any sense . 
  spiegel : what powers are you referring to ? 
  sch\u00e4uble : he or she would need , for example , a budget . 
  the chancellor has even brought up this possibility before . 
  and the person would of course also have to be able to enforce european budget rules so that they are adhered to by all . 
  such a sweeping change , however , would also require amending the european treaties . 
  there are not many people in europe right now who consider that to be realistic . 
  spiegel : what , then , can europe do to further integrate ? 
  sch\u00e4uble : i support pursuing every realistic step in joint initiatives in europe . 
  we need to lead the investment initiative to success and to implement the digital and energy union and push forward the defense union . 
  spiegel : there 's also a proposal for creating a european defense fund . 
  sch\u00e4uble : i support it . 
  but there would also have to be a preparedness to jointly plan and carry out the associated procurement projects . 
  i could also imagine further developing the european stability mechanism ( esm , the euro backstop fund ) that we founded for the euro crisis countries . 
  do n't call it eurobonds !, 
  just give it some alphabet soup name : efsf ; esm ; emf !, 
  that 's the wrong analogy . 
  uk citizens living in the eu would n't be stripped of their rights coming with the eu citizenship . 
  you might not be aware of it , but with brexit you actually cut your own rights and the ones of your fellow citizens abroad . 
  the bavarian finance administration is famous for being very soft and reluctant on tax evaders . 
  the uk is also giving a great show . 
  do n't we have them already through the esm ? 
  i interpret this back and forth discussions and inventions of some vehicles as just this process , that it slowly evolves into a fiscal union including eurobonds which of course wo n't be called this way to avoid northern triggering . 
  the ultra fiscal hawks at the ifo institute seem to have accepted the basic case if you look at the new book of fuest . 
  where is rochdale ? 
  you can give them a different name . 
  emf ? 
  imagine the salt after the assembly elections . 
  the eurosceptic tory faction already rips the country apart . 
  what a luck that may will gain a supermajority in june and wo n't have to care about the popularity of her decisions in the next years . 
  nope . 
  the uk will perhaps be granted a say . 
  it is not `` legally enforcable '' . 
  thank you citronbleu you are more strong and stable than many others wish to be . 
  then keep on believing in reasonable and perhaps and probably untrue assumptions . 
  demographic prediction is a history of failure . 
  czechs were always bastards , not as bad as the rhinelands but more incestuous . 
  i do n't like it . 
  as russian , i would hate it and perhaps hate him . 
  sad , that gorbatchov did this shot . 
  would say the other way around , but might be . 
  poland has no left wing party . 
  only right and very right . 
  russian emigrants interested ? 
  almost no anti-russian bad feelings here , instead of poland . 
  did you see the [ swallow ] ( http://img.fotocommunity.com/schwalbe-ganz-gross-052f9244-9a19-41b6-b623-04ab230cad40.jpg?height=1080 ) ? 
  its flight predicts some bad years .
