  well that 's not really fair , because many countries in europe destroyed their industrial capabilities to conform with european production quotas . 
  in portugal we had a huge industry of fish , cheese , milk , animals , furniture , even cars , and we closed almost 60 % of it ... germany is basically that guy who gives you money not to produce and then forces you to buy their products because you no longer produce them . 
  so yes , portugal and other countries do genuinely have a small economic power , but it could be better if northern countries were n't such cunts forcing us to support their industry ... 
  oh sweden , thou art a heartless bitch ... 
  are there limits to how many times a person can run ? 
  sure but it 's different . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  i do n't remember that ... 
  wrong . 
  not at all . 
  completely different reasons . 
  for 60 years only though . 
  i do n't really know why it matters . 
  everyone keeps talking about that . 
  it 's almost as if with a history of over 900 years , people choose the 60 year period , and ignore everything else . 
  some countries go forwards , some countries go backwards . 
  what a fucked up world . 
  well i can only think of two things that are significant : * the recently bankrupted public bank caixa geral de dep\u00f3sitos '' got a new ceo and team ahead of the recapitalization of it , but it turns out that the team that was appointed by the government do n't want to make their tax records public , which is required for all state banks , and they may be changed . 
  this is significant in national news because it is about an institution that will get a recapitalization using public money , so everything has be to perfect so as to try to solve its economic and structural problems . 
  * in a protest by foreign immigrants asking for citizenship and more rights , since it is very hard to get citizenship and it 's hard to get the same rights as portuguese poeple , a group lead by the right wing nationalist party png got in a brawl with the protesters , and some poeple were hurt in it . 
  this is also significant due to a recent incident where a party member from a rising left wing party was found dead . 
  get used to it . 
  maybe it 's cuz they 're stricter when it comes to drugs . 
  maybe they should become more progressive like us in the south . 
  but idk, 
  shar planina in the latin alphabet, 
  cause they think they 're better than everyone else . 
  well , they read `` collonel '' as curnel and lb as pounds . 
  so yeah , american english is kinda stupid . 
  just say `` espectacular '' ( spectacular , or amazing ) . 
  btw it 's pronounced `` sh-pe-tuh-koo-lahr '' . 
  the `` e '' is produced like its pronounced in the word `` best '' . 
  you went kinda dark there . 
  yeah , it 's kinda like a myth . 
  people talk about it , i learned that in school , but always being told that historians are n't sure . 
  its actually pretty good . 
  i personally love it . 
  its not good for eating while on a diet but it 's very good . 
  porto, 
  why not lisbon , portugal too ? 
  it 's like 2 hours from madrid by plane . 
  same in portugal . 
  well , i can give you an extensive list of them . 
  in portugal there was never even the remote possibility of it getting seats . 
  forget right wing populism . 
  portugals not into that . 
  now left wing populism , that 's the portuguese thing . 
  yeah . 
  it 's changed a lot . 
  it 's become even more irrelevant . 
  it 's almost not a thing anymore here . 
  it never was really a thing anyways . 
  in portugal i think you start learning english at 6 . 
  on the first grade after kindergarten . 
  well , it 's kinda dark , but my city 's football team 's name would very probably be `` gut eaters '' . 
  but it could also be `` the northerners '' or `` the invictus '' ( porto , portugal ), 
  well yes , but you can still force them . 
  make it mandatory , and have them do national tests . 
  if they fail those tests they get a fine . 
  the money will fund education for germans . 
  force them then . 
  they 're not in england anymore or america or whatever . 
  this is n't meant to be racist though , it 's just about the language . 
  in germany you should speak german , in portugal you should speak portuguese . 
  it 's simple . 
  in portugal for example , even though it 's not as i 'd like it to be , it 's pretty good because even though you can be here for a bit without speaking portuguese , there are other things that you really need to speak portuguese in order to do . 
  it 's a little stricter that 's i mean . 
  wow that 's insane . 
  i for one , have the opinion that someone should n't be allowed to stay in a given country for longer than 6 months without knowing and speaking at least basic words and sentences of the local language . 
  sure . 
  everyone ( in the biggest cities that is ) speaks it so ... 
  i 'd much rather go to your country . 
  there at least i could appreciate some beautiful and unique architecture instead of just cheap copies . 
  the iberian peninsula will have more countries that 's for sure . 
  fml, 
  i wish i could watch it . 
  sadly im working . 
  has salvador played yet ? 
  their smug and they fucked up portuguese but i still love them . 
  ( brazil ), 
  in portugal women wear them regularly ... 
  cork production ? 
  definetely . 
  lets unite all our former colonies , and se cwn rule over them again . 
  great idea . 
  unique . 
  again , give then enough time and they will eventually become europeans . 
  portugal or spain were n't european but we became european . 
  time tells the story . 
  but they could if given enough time . 
  maybe `` april captains '' . 
  we are already are bruh, 
  also similar to the portuguese r. 
  latin russian, 
  not yet , not any time soon . 
  cristiano ronaldo and probably vasco da gama . 
  also maybe luiz vaz de cam\u00f5es , although unless you know like poetry you wo n't really know who that is . 
  but they should n't profit over it . 
  or there should be limits to how much profit they can make on it . 
  otherwise it 's gon na go crazy like in the states .
