i 'm so fucking jealous, 
  i envy you ... 
  so fucking much !, 
  why is portugal advanced ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  fear russia . 
  and neither is europe democratic, 
  it 's a land of fairies . 
  but i know you thought of it . 
  definitely not a ufo . 
  it 's a plane , the gif is taken from a time-lapse video . 
  so i assume you 're interested in ufos right ? 
  i mean you know who dan is so ... ,, 
  you 're close xd, 
  oh thank god , yes i accept the deal . 
  we really need your help !, 
  jesus spanish people , get your fucking shit together . 
  do you want us to go teach you ? 
  we seem be very good at it compared to you . 
  i 'm not saying the us is the bad guy . 
  not at all . 
  i 'm just saying what many of you think . 
  there has to be a balance , both the us and russia have done good and bad things . 
  in certain aspects the us is the biggest threat , and in some other aspects russia is . 
  you ca n't just keep one side of the story and the other is always bad . 
  actually my personal opinion is that both are extremely bad countries , war like countries . 
  there are countless examples where russia fucked up and deserves to be hated but the same thing applies to the us which is itself involved in the origin of almost all conflicts in the middle east . 
  and if they are accusing russia of war crimes they should accuse the us as well for all the crazy shit they 've done since the end of ww2 , and even during the war with the nuclear bombs which could be totally avoided ( although that 's debatable ), 
  you 're welcome bro because of course if i 'm saying this i must be a communist , i must have a bias ... you guys are paranoid . 
  yeah russia is the bad guy . 
  fear russia . 
  russia is bad , the us is good and there is no nationalism or propaganda either in europe or the us . 
  yeah guys , keep believing this fairy tale . 
  right choo choo klan, 
  and then the south of europe will recover and we 'll invade everyone . 
  i bet you northern dwellers are fucking shitting yourselves . 
  i agree , but even if you eradicate poverty you will still have crazy people having kids when they should have none . 
  it 's not just a symptom , it 's a thing , poeple will always do it . 
  even if they are educated . 
  i 'm just giving my opinion , but i would n't exactly do it . 
  just because i 'm saying it , does n't mean i would make it . 
  i would n't actually . 
  it 's nice theoretically but i would n't work . 
  jezz , you went all `` big brother '' on that one . 
  look i was n't even trying to say that we should control who can have children , of course we ca n't do that , we just need a better social security control , to know exactly who has the conditions required to have a child . 
  i honestly believe that you should be evaluated economically and psychologically before you have a child , but i do n't want to go all totalitarian on this . 
  calm down , i 'm not advocating for a dictatorship . 
  i 'm just saying that some people should n't have kids , period . 
  now , how can we do something like that without creating a totalitarian government ? 
  i have no idea . 
  but perhaps , one way would be for whole to require some kind of course before they could have kids , cause many poeple think having kids is like having pets , and that 's wrong . 
  we have to make poeple the poeple that are born are born under the right circumstances , but i agree with you it 's too sensitive to do anything about it , because it 's hard to draw the line between what is and what 's no totalitarianism . 
  i 'm just giving ideas , and not advocating for anything . 
  eh , it would be great though . 
  some poeple in society really need to be controlled . 
  especially poor people . 
  the poorest poeple in my county at least seem to be the ones that have the most kids ... 
  so yeah , they should be controlled , or at least we should get some sense into them . 
  but aside from that , yes , certain poeple in society should not be allowed to have children . 
  i 'm actually still waiting for germany to go bezirk again ... 
  it 's just a matter of time . 
  wtf uk ? 
  yup xd, 
  anyways , portugal caralho, 
  i mean they are n't really european , they are refugees . 
  they are supposed to go back to their country once the war is over . 
  the problem is that many refugees nowadays are n't really interested in going back , i 'm sure that if the war in syria and elsewhere were to end right now , they would still not go . 
  they 're getting used to our countries and the worst thing is , and this is my only critic towards refugees is that they do n't like our laws and are n't interested in respecting our laws , instead they want to turn our countries into their countries . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for taking them in and helping them , but they have to respect our laws , our way of life etc. . . 
  otherwise they should 've ran away to a countru which culture is closer to their country 's culture ( and yes , it 's not that easy , i know that ), 
  spain is friendly ? 
  haha ... read some history will you, 
  thanks , 
  that 's right , i 'm just here to expose this northern european cabal ( btw that was sarcasm and everyone is downvoting ), 
  yeah people do n't get sarcasm here haha i posted a coment and got -35 haha, 
  yes , and the funny thing is everyone believed it haha ( i have seen many comments like this from portuguese people and i saw this one yesterday , and i just had to post it again since every portugal related post has some hateful comment against northern european people ), 
  haha, 
   we only want your past\u00e9is de nata !, 
  i knew it !, 
  i think the portuguese one is incredibly accurate . 
  i myself have that stereotype toward old portuguese people . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i thought it was as good as sweden or norway . 
  i never knew . 
  yeah , i was both criticizing their smugness and complimenting , i do believe sweden is an almost perfect country with an almost perfect system . 
  ( almost is the key word ), 
  here in the northern monarchy , especially in the capital , things are very different haha , 
  is finland is having economic issues ? 
  ( it gets rid of guys `` ocupying '' highly rich lands , thus it makes the * economic * environment better ), 
  awww ... 
  the swedes ... 
  so perfect ... amazing ... models of the world ... god '' s chosen people ... 
  i only wanted one thing in life , his balls . 
  he 's got two big ones . 
   if you are smoking a joint in public or asking random people to buy drugs you are probably going to get a  100 $ fine and barred from re-entering portugal for some time . 
  lolololol i 've been in porto , with a tourist , sitting on a bench , talking to the guy ( he was american ) we were smoking a joint , a cop was passing by , he asked me what i was smoking , i told him , he told me to show him all i had , he confirmed that i only had a little bit for personal use , he told me i should try to quit and get help and let me go . 
  he was super nice . 
  i do n't really know if that 's the law but cops in real life do n't do that . 
  i love portuguese people . 
  always on the right side of things  ( not economics though .
