i do n't really consider it derogatory . 
  eastern slavs are n't lesser people . 
  but looking outside history - at , for instance , economy , we 're easily more comparable to czech republic , slovakia or hungary ( which are central europe ) , rather than much poorer east europe . 
  you could also divide us on the religious line , belarusians and ukrainians being orthodox , while central european countries are either predominantly catholic or have a strong catholic presence . 
  that 's not to say either region is better than the other , it 's simply demographics . 
  poland is n't eastern europe . 
  ffs , it 's not that hard . 
  i would n't even say many poles go to church . 
  about 90 % are catholic , but how many are actually believers ? 
  `` unpracticing believer '' is this country 's running joke for a reason . 
  attitude towards minorities is very often shit , that is true . 
  younger people , too . 
  in any group of uni students , you 're likely to find _ at least _ one person that believes in `` god honor fatherland , '' thinks anything other than heterosexuality is an abomination , calls open-minded people traitors and stupid lemmings . 
  not to mention refugees et al. 
  if think there 's quite a difference between hating the people and hating the government . 
  while there 's no logical reason to fear a layman russian , suspicion of russian administration is a reasonable one to have . 
  the same goes for united states and any other major power . 
  no shit ? 
  where 's the pride in the comment ? 
  thought it 's exclusively irish . 
  til, 
  good catch . 
  it 's like in the old erevan radio jokes . 
  erevan radio reported bmws were sold on the red square , moscow . 
  turns out it was skt . 
  petersburg , not moscow , those were n't bmws but bikes , and they were n't sold , but stolen . 
  how dare he not mention their nationality that everyone knows about ? 
  everybody knows germany started the war . 
  everybody knows germany commited the biggest crimes . 
  those are usually funny . 
  i 'll wait until i get the book before i judge it ( read nothing of gross , either ) . 
  i do agree with your sentiment , though . 
  all parties in the parliament enter the government or just the few biggest ? 
  frankly , if at all , it 's more often in the voice of ` they accuse us of nazism again ' rather than ` those anti-semitic murdering poles ' . 
  plus stories reporting who again wrote ` polish death camps ' . 
  they do focus on it because the denial _ is _ strong . 
  it 's not as black and white as to say it 's everybody or nobody denying it , but the myth of the polish pure morality throughout the ages , especially wars , is very prevalent . 
  it hinders the debate on darker parts our history , because it basically denies our humanity . 
  we are n't some bunch of angels or christ of nations , we 're people like everyone and we do peopley things . 
  it 's time we understand that . 
  i do n't identify with poland , i think identifying with a country is an archaism . 
  i do n't hate poland , myself or poles , i just think it 's an important issue , and it 's blatantly ignorant to dismiss it , but a tonne of people in this country loves doing it because of inferiority complex trusted upon by national myths and schooling system . 
   there were also dutch nazi collaborators who killed jews . 
  do we need and articles about that posted on this subreddit ? 
  yes . 
  a crime is a crime . 
  waiting for some true pole to say she 's got a jewish surname , so obviously she 's a jewish agent that wants to make poland look guilty , so israel can ask for money . 
  even funnier as from european perspective , they 're both pretty right-wing , democrats centrist at best . 
  does it even matter ? 
  i 'm yet to hear somoneone say it 's islamophobic to criticise erdogan . 
  you could totally say he 's projecting . 
  as an ignorant pole , can i ask for some quick summary of his rule from a native 's perspective ? 
  tak !, 
  it 's ok as like long as either party does n't mention the vohlynia massacre . 
  west russia . 
  i think it 's impossible to judge like that . 
  assholery sees no nation , you can meet good people everywhere , and assholes , too . 
  nations are too big of a group to just describe with a few words . 
  i think greece was occupied by germany . 
  i suppose it 's like in poland and other nazi-occupied countries - majority were killed , most of those who survived left to israel . 
  be vali ? 
  enough with trump for fuck 's sake . 
  poles do n't emigrate . 
  we colonise . 
  this is the most american thing i 've read in my time on reddit . 
  well , technically , you 're right . 
  this is the admirable kinda treason , however, 
  * british accent is lovely . 
  * london is one of the most important cities in the world . 
  * former empire , _ over which the sun never set _ . 
  you ca n't really apply spain 's high standards to this part of the world :p, 
  i began avoiding the market square because of that , actually . 
  for now , it 's the best we have ( it can be warmer , obviously ) . 
  smog 's shit , because people burn shit , because they ca n't afford anything better . 
  yup . 
  a weekend trip is definitely worth a go . 
  beautiful architecture , shitload of historical sites ( schindler 's factory museum , for instance ) . 
  what if no country on his way is safe or is willing to shelter him ? 
  as is with life , shit 's all shades of grey . 
  refugee is now a curse . 
  being a refugee is a curse , and being called a refugee is a curse . 
  it 's like you 're getting called a rapist while being raped . 
  times are tough for some , and some ca n't deal , so we see comments like that . 
  some want to have an opinion , and for knowing nothing , they go for the easiest option . 
  who exactly is `` they ? '' refugees are people as much as we are , there will be crooks among them like among us . 
  it 's not what stories they run , it 's how they exaggerate them . 
  how does one read through their bullshit bias ? 
  also moldova and belarus ( i wonder if the 2.2 % is actual or is a typo meant to be 22 % ) . 
   if i said that i identify as a dog then you would call me mentally ill to be perfectly frank , i would n't give less of a shit . 
  psa : gender is not an animal . 
  and you have n't still provided me a * scientific * analysis that being trans means being mentally ill . 
  your comparison does not constitute a scientific analysis -- neither does an opinion . 
  i suppose you base your judgement on a * scientific * analysis that it is an illness ? 
  dear fellow slavs - get your shit together . 
  this is some fundamental human rights shit . 
  you do n't have to tell me , 
  it does happen - [ 1 ] ( http://raider55.blox.pl/resource/pc240050.jpg ) , [ 2 ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/0/8751/z8751120x.jpg ) , [ 3 ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-bgwqui41day/tiwthps5lli/aaaaaaaaco4/a2ghw5anzqs/s640/dabrowska_bloki2.jpg ) . 
  a tonne of blocks looks like in my other comment , sadly . 
  people have to live somewhere . 
  the inferiority complex .
