  since [ a picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yjpzsci.jpg ) says more than a thousand words . 
  i 'm gon na fly through ataturk airport in a week . 
  i hope it 's gon na be ok , i do n't feel like being stuck : /, 
  fair enough . 
  i only know general things about that era . 
  i may be mistaken , but i always thought pgrs were nationwide . 
  you know you have no life when your biggest problem is another person 's skin colour . 
  russia 's green men say they same . 
  they also get lost , and find themselves miles across the border , 
  is there an existing country that did n't invade or was n't invaded ? 
  unless it 's just may 's private chats spilling over :d, 
  well , he started shooting . 
  as humane as i try to be , sometimes it 's better to neutralize someone real quick . 
  in russia , russia fucks you . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  we all have a little fascist in our head . 
  so you know before everyone else who 's the attacker . 
  can you please tell me where have you gotten your information ? 
  police or your arse ? 
  while nsdap was a german party , it 's not nazi = german . 
  you 'll find neo - _ nazis _ in every country of the world . 
  would have been pretty tough to deal with . 
  a tragedy nonetheless . 
  there 's a chance . 
  but in france muslims do n't make .65 % of population . 
  the truck is from poland , actually . 
  muslims are ~ 0.65 % of our population , so the chances of this guy shouting allahu akbar are quite low . 
  fox news ... 
  the same in poland . 
  i 've never heard niderlandy/kr \u00f3lestwo niderland\u00f3w being used . 
  it 's always holandia . 
  always welcome . 
  how does this make any of pis ' actions ok ? 
  what a clusterfuck . 
  it put me at quite ease that it 's not just us . 
  i think it comes down to humbleness . 
  whatever you think , love is love and you ca n't forbid people from enjoying it . 
  though i agree with your sentiment , i think bringing up the nationality here proves no point . 
  so you have nothing to confirm your words . 
  paranoia much ? 
  how did you reach your conclusion , i do n't know . 
  has any of this ever occurred on a bigger scale ? 
  there are countries with legal gay marriage -- legal incest , zoofilia etc. 
  have n't been discussed in these places ( i 'm fairly certain it would make headlines all over the world ) . 
  two people love each other . 
  they want to get married legally . 
  who the fuck are you to forbid them that ? 
   i do n't support same sex relationships why though ? 
  the fact is that we should firstly look at our own behaviour rather than anyone else 's . 
  humbleness is something we should apply , as a humanity . 
  because it 's not like i had never read , seen or heard polish media . 
  i ceased following them quite recently actually . 
  dude , do you really think i just thought at birth `` nah , fuck 'em '' and never looked their way ? 
  are those dictatorships someone we want to follow as an example tho ? 
  are absolute monarchies with despotic rulers a definition of anything we deem european ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'd say right wing media are rather lower , and i say that as someone who just hates media in general and boycotted all of them . 
  there are ~ 4 million refugees in the middle east . 
  there is nothing wrong with being a coward . 
  i 'm not going to argue whether fighting or running is a better option , because here 's the thing -- it 's something we all decide on our own . 
  however , i 'm too tired of the notion that i _ have _ to stay and fight , lest i am a dude . 
  fuck that . 
  it 's my life and i can decide on myself . 
  so can everyone else . 
  lucky bastards . 
  most of that thawed up here in krak\u00f3w . 
  what the fuck london, 
  same word , different meaning . 
  is that still a synonym ? 
  but it does n't mean ` camp ' . 
  more like a ` group ' , for instance a group of trucks a company owns . 
  ob\u00f3z is polish for camp , not t\u00e1bor . 
  i am not proud , but certainly lucky . 
  i did n't achieve my ethnocultural heritage , but i know i can achieve a relative lot because i was born here - that 's comparing to other parts of the world , where freedoms and security are n't certain . 
  i am , first of all , a person , politically bound to a citizenship , but lucky to be bound to a place . 
  it was a bit of a foggy morning . 
  i left after 5 am , so ca n't speak for the rest of the day at the airport . 
  i know , the photo is from today morning , 
  that terminal was built in 2013-2016 . 
  i had landed here once , two years ago , and all i saw was a hangar . 
  and what did i say ? 
  time for poland now . 
  althought the government wo n't do it because those rotten homo-fascist germans did . 
  it is in the comment linked so obviously you 're really nitpicking . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.europol.europa.eu/activities-services/main-reports/eu-terrorism-situation-and-trend-report#fndtn-tabs-0-bottom-1 ) to the europol 's site about the report . 
  i translated it literally . 
  they also made a graph about whose [ attacks killed the most people ] ( http://imgur.com/a/fruer ) . 
   kiruna , sweden is the largest city in the world by area is n't it only 16.5 sq km ? 
  glad i 'm not the only one, 
   until like 6 weeks it 's 3 months actually . 
  120 days per the quran 's word . 
  did you just make that up ? 
  after reading some of the interview , i 'm not really sure . 
  poland had had black plates until early 2000s . 
  i think it was sometime between 2000 and 2002 that we changed to the eu 's white standard . 
  my point being that terrorism has been a very long occurence and it has actually been better now than decades before . 
  we maybe talk about different things , i understood you mean terrorism is a novelty . 
   now it 's been for decades . 
  ira , red brigades , carlos the jackal , red army faction . 
  and it 's been [ worse ] ( https://imgur.com/a/tnaaf ) .
