  they tend to clog the wheels and scrape the floor . 
  whilst making a binary storage in minecraft is fairly trivial , making a r/w is already less so . 
  adding to that the complexity of extrapolating a single bit to a thousand makes this build all the more impressive . 
  many people , myself included , have the technical know-how to build this but to actually dedicate oneself to it is another story . 
  for actually doing something this cool you get all my upvotes !, 
  there is something just ... cute ... in this story . 
  i hope you guys have fun !, 
  we went full linux about two years ago . 
  the only exception being the isp 's router and tv box , which run bsd and windows media centre , respectively . 
  otherwise both our phone , computers and the server run linux . 
  i run debian or elementary ( depending on the computer ) , she runs ubuntu . 
  i 'm not sure i understand this page . 
  i distinctly remember seeing advertisement for medicine on both french and swiss television . 
  it always was followed by a statement in the lines of `` this is a medicine . 
  ask your physician about it . '' . 
  does this not qualify as advertisement ? 
  i 'm a bit at a loss here . 
  that would include me . 
  although english is my fourth language , not my first . 
  this is what struck me . 
  this car feature many things typical of racecar , but years before i recall seeing them . 
  is that the flag i 'd the dprk on her wrist ? 
  how stupidly arrogant does one has to be to believe they know more about medicine than someone who spend , at minimum , eight years studying it . 
  i understand one might know more about some very specific aspects , but to believe to have a greater understanding is just ridiculous . 
  that 's awesome . 
  here , unfortunately , you have to pay , albeit a small amount , to attend high school . 
  university is fairly expensive , however . 
  thank you for this complete list . 
  although not as detailed or `` high quality '' as other build on this subreddit i think this is as good as a regular battlestation gets without getting into heavier stuff . 
  those wheels look old , design wise . 
  are newer barrages still build using them or do they use turbines ? 
  regardless , i remember standing next to a decommissioned one when i visited a dam as a kid . 
  those things are huge . 
  wait ... a crunchyroll anime that 's available here ?!, 
  that 's ... a new one . 
  i guess i 'll watch it tomorrow then . 
  i 'm genuinely positively impressed . 
  hopefully their entire catalogue will be available here soon so i can justify a subscription . 
  this is the best answer so far . 
  i 'm surprised this has n't been mentioned but i believe there is a free and open-source game based off/resembling rct . 
  openrct , i believe . 
  i have it installed on my workstation but have n't touched it in so long i 'm not sure of the name . 
  for those interested in playing rct2 until this , or another theme park simulator , comes out i suggest you check openrct . 
  it 's free , as in freedom , and should work on moist modern platforms . 
  nevertheless i hope this and other projects go through . 
  it 's been too long since i last played either to answer that question , unfortunately . 
  i know it worked much better than the original on my debian and it was fun and perfectly playable , but that 's as far as i remember . 
  openttd was actually better than the original though and is in the same style as rct so you may want to give it a look . 
  also make sure to moisten up your platform , or else you might scrape your hdd . 
  so you just wanted to watch the world burn , i take it . 
  how about , just for fun , you add a couple of attila 's , and some raging barbarians and , since you are it , give everyone limitless nukes ... 
  you masochist . 
  but i like the idea , i 'll try something similar . 
  my mother once said something very clever regarding anti-semitism . 
  `` they talk all big and mighty of their jesus christ , but they seem to forget he himself was a jew '' . 
  we were and still are a totally a-religious family . 
  or , in other words , we make fun of everyone equally ( including of our own beliefs ) . 
  courtesy of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/astern_propulsion ) wikipedia article . 
  it took me over two hours and i still have ten pages of wikipedia articles to read ... screw you for writing such interesting stuff !, 
  also , where on earth did you get all those images ? 
  i was indeed thinking about openrct2 . 
  i missed the number . 
  thank you for such a complete answer , i shall link to it in the future . 
   i tend to agree that net neutrality is anti-market . 
  which ordinarily i would oppose , but the problem is that the isp market is pretty much a textbook examples of market failure . 
   if the choice is between a regulated monopoly and an unregulated monopoly , the decision should n't be difficult . 
   this is when free market radicals , which i otherwise consider myself to be , miss the mark . 
  surprisingly enough i agree with you . 
  it 's surprising because i 'm very much against free market - in fact , for all intents and purposes , my political opinions are quite aligned with that of many marxist groups . 
  however i never censor someone for not agreeing with me - hell , i enjoy it usually . 
  regardless , have an upvote from a marxist . 
  and , as far as i know , exclusive to the u.s. . a big market , yes , but a saturated one , too . 
  i checked the four biggest e.u. 
  amazon branch , none were selling the phone . 
  rainbow is the only show i 've ever had to stop watching because it was disturbing . 
  it 's a very good show , but i just had to much shit on my plate at the time to stomach it . 
  i would definitely recommend though . 
  aoi bungaku 's bluray release allegedly came with a rope , lighter and stool . 
  good show , but properly depressing . 
  i would recommend lian-li if you plan on keeping your case for  10y . 
  simple styling , robust built . 
  hd4870 here . 
  although i 've seen a quirky little 760 down the street ... 
  psa : adopting a dog may cost you your next upgrade ( s ) . 
  worth it though . 
  so my 6 years old gpu has the same power as a machine that came out now and costs 2.5 x as much . 
  i knew it was bad , but damn !, 
  my comment was not to be taken literally . 
  it was an ironic statement on the very depressing nature of the show . 
  it 's a good show , objectively speaking , but i do n't usually recommend it because i personally did n't feel good after watching a few episodes . 
  i found it disturbing . 
  if you like dark and somewhat realistic though it 's probably good for you . 
  today i rolled rome , on a standard size continent map ( 8 players ) . 
  my two neighbours were attila to the north , genghis to the south . 
  good thing montezuma and alexandre later showed up , the war of `` oh shit nonono please '' was getting ~ ~ tiresome ~ ~ boring . 
  thank god for punching bag venice . 
  one major difference is that war is happening on the doorstep of europe . 
  when the balkan war happened it was felt all the way to portugal , and that was before social media . 
  unlike distant vietnam or afghanistan the ukrainian people are very close to the west , culturally and geographically . 
  what i hope will happen is a standoff between nato and russia at ukraine 's frontier .
