  to cripple an opponents ability to proceed with the war and prevent them from launching retaliatory strikes . 
  in fact m.a.d. 
  is , at least in part , the logical evolution of this principle : you need to have enough weapons so that in the event of suffering a first strike your retaliatory capabilities is so overwhelming that it 's effectively impossible to fully disable you with a single attack . 
  this renders any attack effectively suicidal . 
  however not all nukes and payload delivery where created equal , with some designs aimed at preventing an advancing army from crossing through a given area . 
  others to augment a smaller force , allowing them to take-on a larger enemy . 
  others yet were meant for tactical use , such as aa missile or nuclear torpedoes , in the manner of a large explosive payload . 
  but once again i strongly insist you do n't take my word for it and do some research . 
  i 've already mentioned nuclear secrecy , but you might want to check out / r/askhistorians or one of many books on the subject from reputable authors . 
  not good , but not too bad either , assuming you are preaching to the choir . 
  whilst the whole thing 's colour scheme is unappealing , it is reminiscent of the design of healthcare psa and posters . 
  the main topic is centred and focused , with a parody of the character ( specially effective in this case if your target audience is slightly racist ) . 
  the points on the right just remind you of what `` evils '' the subject will bring , not attempting to prove them . 
  this piece seems to be disliked quite a bit for it 's preposterous content , but as propaganda go there has been far worse on this sub . 
  not the best piece by any chance , but it does have some good ( propaganda wise ) elements . 
  the biggest change i 've noticed is how people have lowered their expectation of privacy , to the point where it 's almost considered strange to protect it . 
  i can only speak in terms of my anecdotal experience in western europe , but it has been increasingly obvious that whilst people are more informed about violation on their privacy by large corporations and foreign or national governments they are also less interested in protecting said privacy . 
  it has become a bit of a * fait accompli * that 's largely accepted in exchange for the convenience of internet . 
  more so this has particularly penetrated into education , where i 've had cases of younger relatives , sometimes even under-aged , being required by their public schools to have a facebook account . 
  and even after i 've lodged several formal complaints on the subject the response was generally `` whilst we know that 's kinda illegal since almost all students have an account tough shit for you ( or your kid in this case ) '' . 
  and obviously dragging this to court would yield a moral victory at the expense of economic ruin . 
  much the same is true of schools requiring you to attend and complete courses on microsoft products to graduate . 
  tl ; dr : where less than a decade ago most western european did n't know about violation on their privacy they now are aware of them , but what has changed is that they 've stopped caring about it ( or never started to ) . 
  american cartographers at it again . 
  scarring the air away to push your plane does n't seem like the best recipe for success . 
  looks like a junker with a haloween costume . 
  i wonder if it 's entierly accidental that the french fist is the only one that broke-off the swastika 's arm clean off ( without shatering it ) . 
  to me it does give it a sentiment of further importance or impact . 
  abject lack of morality asside , is n't this ilegal in france ? 
  i do n't know much about french law specifically , but my understanding is that you ca n't encourage discrimination or sell products aimed at doing so . 
  things such as selling an ndsap flag or publishing a book denying the holocaust . 
  it looks so ... long ... 
  oracle : where the sun does n't shine . 
  just a small curiosity , but the [ castle shown at 20:07 ] ( https://imgur.com/a/39u1m ) is based on the real [ chateau de chillon in vaud ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/schweiz_schloss_chillon_gesamtansicht.jpg ) ( ch ) . 
  unfortunately the real one does n't have mechs in it . 
  it can be anything , from speaking klingon to knowing the plates of all the cars in your area . 
  mine is to know , by heart , the url for a tor website that no longer exists ( here is an example of what such url looks like : http://xmh57jrzrnw6insl.onion/ ) . 
  i always wondered how much power does an eula hold . 
  it is not , by all means a written , signed , contract . 
  there is no proof that you , the person behind the computer , agreed to said eula . 
  what if , for example , a minor agrees to it , does it have any validity ? 
  what if the eula changes after you purchased your product and said product is out of warranty , can you legally ask for a refund ? 
  personally i 'd go for something along those life :, 
  one of my nephews is dying and needs a new heart . 
  he/she has an unusual blood type/characteristic and i am the only other person in the country compatible . 
  once i come to the ( obvious ) realisation that only i can save him/her , i take a gun , seize the hospital , order the doctors to prepare the surgery , sign a `` do not resuscitate '' thing and kill myself . 
  but i know i 'll live a fulfilling life in the chest of someone i love . 
  hello , american redditors . 
  your education system was always a bit hard to understand for me , but university is the thing that has me wondering the most . 
  i have a few question , if you would care to answer i 'd be grateful . 
  what are the requirement to enter college in the u.s : do you only need the money or do you also have minimum grades , have taken certain class , etc ? 
  what about students that are brilliant in certain field , but suck at other things , can they enter college despite their average being ... well , average ? 
  on that topic , is it true that a student with poor grades can go to college ( in any course ) if he is talented in sports ? 
  simply put : if i say something on reddit that could lead to a lawsuit , will i be judged under u.s. law and extradited or does the person/company sewing have to bring the lawsuit here , in europe . 
  that is fairly important , as liability law seems to be `` not as fair '' as the europeans . 
  also : can you be sewed for posting something on an american website ( owned by an u.s. based entity ) , if such thing is not illegal in you country ? 
  hello , fellow redditors and fans of anime . 
  i 'm looking for an ecchi/yaoi/yuri where the main character is n't oblivious and unable to deal with sexual tention . 
  i 've recently started watching k\u00e4mpfer and , whilst being somewhat funny , it reminded me of why i had not watch an ecchi in so long : the main characters extremely annoys me . 
  is there any anime you could recommend me ? 
  kiss x sis was fairly good in that regard , [ with the female characters being `` forward thinking '' and the main character actually enjoying it sometimes . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i noticed that , when sleeping for more than 14 hours , i wake up with a tremendous headache . 
  why is that , does it have something to do with staying in a similar position for a long time . 
  hello , fellow redditors from across the ocean . 
  until somewhat recently , i used to work in switzerland , where extra hours were paid very precisely . 
  then i moved to portugal , where i started working and discovered one thing : almost no company pays the extra hours !, 
  most company will just say : yeah , we need you to do over-time ... and still pay you the same . 
  however most employee will say `` no can do '' and the company ca n't do anything about it ( they ca n't fire you for that ) . 
  anyway , long story short , i 've always wondered how extra hours work around the globe , so i came here to ask you . 
  hello , fellow redditors of portugal . 
  many people have been talking about the end of the `` estado social '' in portugal , but i was simply thinking they were overeacting . 
  in the last few months , i discovered they were not . 
  here is my story ( for anyone willing to read ) :, 
  i started working in a callcenter back in setember of 2011 . 
  at first things went fine , but i quickly descovered many quircks . 
  we were asked to work on random schedule , changing each week . 
  that 's annoying , but still fine . 
  we were also asked to work on week-ends , without any type of compensation , which according to many was illegal , i never found out if it was . 
  they 'd often ask us to do over-time , without any kind of payment for it . 
  of course , we could refuse . 
  after a few month , i discovered that they would often promise bonuses , but never actually got to pay them ( they `` owed '' a collegue over 10000 $ ) . 
  finally , we 'd work all year round , meaning we 'd have no national holydays and the only compensation for it was a day off sometime in the future . 
  fast forward a few month , due in part to the working conditions , i developed a profound depretion , psychosis and suicidal tendencies . 
  after trying to get a consultation with a psycologist or a shrink with the state , i had to resort to the private sector due to the lack of availability . 
  after getting confirmation from both psycologyst and shrink , i requested a medical leave from my state-assigned doctor ( medica de familia ) , which she granted . 
  now , according to the doctor , i should receive 60 % of my salary . 
  i never did , i reiceved 45 % of the salary after taxes ( limpo ) ( note : all my salary was declared to the state ) . 
  hapily , i live with someone and we were able to cope with the lack of money . 
  fast forward two month , in which i had to spend 180 $ on a shrink , as the state could not provide a consultation , i received a letter from the company . 
  the letter stated that i was fired ( while still on medical leave ) and that i could start taking vacation for the next two weeks and will be fired right after . 
  they agreed to payed any vacation day remaining , if any . 
  so my situation is as follow : i am currently under heavy drugs for several mental conditions and i just lost my job whilst on medical leave . 
  i contacted social security for unemployment , but they refused to give me any kind of money ( even 50 % of my salary ) , despite the fact that 's i 've paid all my taxes since i started working . 
  they also refused to give me the `` rendimento social de insercao '' ( sort of a minmum amount of money for people ) , on the basis that i live with someone else . 
  to complete this already bad situation , it will be extremly dificult for me to find a new job , as i have no degree . 
  i applied to college last year ( in psycology , of all the things ) , but despite a fairly high average grade they denied entry , as my exams were `` out-of-date '' . 
  apparently , exams in portugal last for two years , which is odd considering 18th and 19th physics did not change much in two years . 
  so , reddit , today i am going to meet the doctor and request to be interned at a mental hospital as it seems to be the only way to talk to a professional without paying huge amounts of money . 
  the conclusion of all this is : the once social state of portugal who protected it 's citizens has now changed into such a condition that it will not care for it 's citizens anymore .
