  it 's bad , but i prefer that to seeing putin drag europe into war or worst . 
  or seeing violent uprising in russia . 
  the last one lead to some ... interesting ... developments . 
  if hell itself is smaller but then has a lot of `` levels '' that would do it for me . 
  a huge but repetitive open world does n't appeal much to me . 
  and the price point plus low system requirements make it quite interesting . 
  italy seems likely . 
  the text is n't french or russian for sure . 
  i do n't recognise that tank . 
  was it drawn up for the purpose of this poster or was it a prototype/alternative to the t34 ? 
  i like the look of the `` engineer '' . 
  quite well done . 
  latin language use a derivative of `` natalis '' , from the latin for nativity/birth . 
  christmas is called `` n\u00f6el '' in french and is the celebration of the birth of jesus . 
  for birthday , same story . 
  it 's latin . 
  and not german , that 's used . 
  anniversaire , probably along the lines of the yearly cycle `` anni '' -  year , `` versaire '' -  bite me , no clue . 
  what i just stated about french work for other latin languages ( afaik ) . 
  starring from the t-26 i deed some research and confirmed that this is , in fact , a t-26 . 
  however given the insane variability of it i found online i was unable to pinpoint the exact t-26 that inspired that drawing . 
  so ugly only a mother ( land ) could love him . 
  although lacking sources this answer is , to the best of my knowledge , accurate . 
  it 's concise and clear . 
  if op does n't mind i may use it in the future . 
  surprisingly , i was . 
  the gun of `` gunner x '' ( the one that showed off from the panel ) is n't the same as death ~ ~ note ~ ~ gun 's . 
  also , if i remember my german , sterben means something along the line of `` laying dead '' , which is much more to the style of ~ ~ kira ~ ~ death gun . 
  not to mention the trope of `` mc leaves girl/weak ( ish ) character behind `` safely '' , henceforth she/he/it gets in danger for then an in extremis rescue . 
  ttgl . 
  switzerland flag is derived from one of the original cantons , schwyz . 
  whether or not this symbol was religious exceeds my memory of history class , but given the location and time period it would n't surprise me . 
  keep in mind that switzerland is a fairly religious country . 
  whilst the swiss tend to be discreet about their religion , it does not mean they have no faith . 
  it would n't surprise me if the typical enthusiast pc still looked like this on 20 years . 
  it 's a fairly efficient design , that would have little benefit in changing . 
  however the clock speed of cpu is a good question . 
  even small increments brutally increase heat , so it 's unlikely it 'll go up tremendously . 
  however groundbreaking technologies ( looking at you graphene ) or pattern based computing would radically change that . 
  quantum computing is very unlikely to be implemented in every device . 
  there are many reasons for that . 
  it 's far more likely that high speed data transfer will be used in it 's place . 
  all in all it 's impossible to know what is to come . 
  whilst current technology can give us an insight into tomorrow the nature of technological progress makes it unpredictable . 
  as a bi guy this is very true . 
  you can have some uneducated individuals that will sometimes say silly things , but this kind of crap is an immediate bailout . 
  on the plus side that 's something that happens rarely , specially with women . 
  there are many ~ ~ idiots ~ ~ homophobes here , but there is little violence and , truth be told , young people are somewhat tolerant . 
  software repositories . 
  going back to xp after that was unthinkable ( vista had just come out , almost all computers ran xp , with a few 98 here and there ) . 
  i got a bug with my game that caused pacal to lose his feathers . 
  he started looking somewhat less threatening . 
  not that he was any threat in the first place . 
  whilst taxation and cost played a major role in car size , the roads also heavily influenced , albeit likely less so than money , the size of cars . 
  many of the roads in europe predates car by centuries and even though efforts were made to enlarge them , there is only so much that can be done . 
  a typical american pickup truck , suv or even a lamborghini simply ca n't fit through many roads . 
  there is also gas , which is much more expensive in europe , encouraging the choice of smaller , lighter , cars . 
  450 at retail makes it an interesting choice , but does n't justify paying that much more when compared to a nexus 5 . 
  this phone is also , afaik , u.s.a. only , which likely is n't helping it 's sales . 
  if it could spawn within three tiles of a cost that would be great . 
  it always appears in the middle of an ocean and i loose that 5 science yield . 
  this is awesome !, 
  just to be sure i got this right : little me , in little portugal , have access to a google service day 1 ( instead of 2 years later ) that allows me to call the mobile of my friends across the ocean for free ? 
  but not only that , the price for other country is cheap and , because fuck christmas , i can also call other users for free . 
  i do n't think it would be legal for them to remove linux support . 
  they may not develop further for this platform , however . 
  if you look at skype as an example they kept and improved the linux client , albeit far slower than the windows and osx ones . 
  sexism in video games is a deal breaker for me . 
  whether it 's the protagonist that has been injected with horse 's hormones or a 14y old girl with huge boobs and armour only around her crouch : i will not but your game . 
  if you have a character in a game that 's human than its got to behave like a human , not like a pixelated sexdoll . 
  i understand tropes and that there are game where sexism is part of it ( eroge/vn ) and that 's ok , because it 's a fantasy and it 's clear for everyone . 
  but do n't make me believe that anyone would , in their right mind , send a halfnaked teenager to stop a zombie apocalypse . 
  what does it mean to `` budget acumen '' ? 
  it 's the first time i hear the word acumen used liked this , so i 'm a bit confused . 
   i understand how you got confused - i think you were reading `` budgeting '' as a verb rather than as a noun . 
  in officially at a loss . 
  i traced back the entire etymology of budgeting down to gaulish , going trough middle english , french and latin . 
  all languages i speak , or at least understand . 
  unless you mean to chose the proper coin purse i do n't see how this sentence make sense . 
  budgeting , to my knowledge , only exists as the gerund , a verbal form common to many indo-european languages . 
  a prime example would be `` brazilian '' . 
  i 'm lost ... 
  please help . 
  as you likely figured i speak a bunch of languages , so it 's rare for me to be stumped to this degree . 
  edit : i finally understood . 
  op is referring to his wife ability to create a budget . 
  despite rereading the sentence several time i missed the verb after `` wife '' , leading to my confusion . 
  light has come !, 
  on higher difficulties , with a commerce oriented civ , you can actually get quite amazing gpt . 
  obviously you need to play the right cards , but 500 + by the late game is easily feasible and reaching 1k might be possible . 
  oh , i have easy access to one of those portals ( lisbon ) . 
  but with how strong the resistance had gotten in the region it will need to be heavily defended . 
  cheese and bacon are rather expensive . 
  i usually only make this kind of dish on the weekend . 
  but then again , price vary from country to country , so what somewhat expensive here may be cheap elsewhere , and vice versa . 
  legumes and fruits are very cheap for me , for example . 
   `` we have this stuff laying around , might as well throw it together . '', 
  congratulation !, 
  here are your engineering diploma and complimentary safety goggles . 
  nevertheless , this does put cost and industrialisation into perspective , when a meal once traditional of the poor is today proportionally more expensive than a machine that can create images from electricity and hold enough processing power to send a man to the moon and still play angry bird .
