  `` well , actually , in soviet russia a consortium of sino-american capitalist created a cobalt-60 bomb which killed 300 labourers before being used against the swiss where it killed 2 cows and spilled some wine '' . 
  or something invalidating ( or confirming ) this legend about the v2 . 
  for those who have n't seen it yet : [ tank chats # 15 tortoise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fafvsjdefwa ), 
  the emperor 's last head would be the revolutionary france version , 
  i had never really noticed that with the variable geometry fully back the wings essentially become one big delta . 
  because screw having wings ... at this point just strap yourself to a rocket and call it a day . 
  the good old september cake . 
  with the ribentrop candy and molotov coating . 
  it 's to die for . 
  looks like a modern togii , with the long slim hull and overall large size compared to the turret . 
  the infamous panther-k ( kat ) was actually a tank hunter design . 
  after the creation of the panzer viii maus the axis leaders were afraid that the allies would steal their design , so they started working on a weapon capable of taking down the maus . 
  based on a ferdinand tiger chassis , the panzer kat was an innovative design , featuring noise dampening tracks , elongated rear-end and heat seeking technology . 
  the design never came to fruition , but models such as this one give us an insight into late-war german tank philosophy . 
  in all fairness that 's not a particularly high threshold . 
  whether by choice or by inability the fact is trump 's acumen with the english language is lackluster at best . 
  how else would you buy cocoa beans for your chocolate than with ( nazi ) gold ? 
  this does really impress the scale of the early `` mark '' tanks . 
  trench warfare was pretty damn miserable to start with , but it must have been truely dreadful to see those huge , noisy , armour clad machines creep towards you . 
  strategic or tactical success asside , the early tanks must have caused quite a drop in the german 's soldiers moral when they first appeared . 
  from redstone wizard to minecraft artist , well done !, 
  vanilla server economy , lappis is worth roughly 4d/stack of blocks . 
  i 'm kaheil , creator of over-sized and over-engineered `` marvels '' such as the overtly-useless karrot farm . 
  i play minecraft since the 2010 and sport a fabulously cheesy blue cape . 
  with the exception of a recent holiday i login almost everyday and will spend a couple hours a day on the server . 
  i ran a minecraft server for my friends and their friends . 
  it was small , could handle only roughly 10 players online , vanilla and all around fun . 
  after roughly six month we decided to switch to some other games and i eventually shut-it down . 
  for reference it ran on a lamp server using an old-ish desktop in my closet . 
  i love the community . 
  i could build in single-player or play any other game , but the reason i come back to 24cc almost everyday is because there are other people . 
  i 've seen mods come and go and i 've always appreciated their contributions ( pv helping me with the sheeps , ymca with stolen items , zin with the karrot farm , etc ) . 
  not to sound too cheesy , but i would hope to give at least some small contribution to this community . 
  i know the server , its players and its builds quite well ; i 've been playing regularly since early 2017 and do a lot of exploration . 
  i have some technical inclination ( i 'm by no mean a pro at this stuff though ) . 
  i tend to play at times when there are fewer , if no mods online , which might alleviate the '' / ticket '' backlog - assuming there is one . 
  i also play at more active times , like in the evening , but i try to login at least once every morning for a few minutes/hours . 
  i speak three languages ( en , fr and pt ) and can understand a forth one ( es ) , which can sometimes come in handy to assist player with less inclination towards english ( albeit there are few such players ) . 
  finally i will have no problem spending time helping out , replanting crops , breeding killed livestock and giving some stuff to assist unlucky or griefed players , even without doing any magical modding voodoo . 
  the nether tunnel controls !, 
  we had ( and might still have ) tunnel that are ugly , unsafe ( i was attacked by a ghast a couple weeks ago ) and , most importantly , sometimes belong to player inactive ( or banned ) since early 2017 . 
  regardless of accepting my candidacy i believe we should check the nether tunnels more often ( at least once a week i would reckon ) , warn owners of dangerous tunnels and close very basic ones belonging to long-banned players or players that were active very shortly a long time ago . 
  this would facilitate greatly the life of newcomers seeking to build tunnels of their own as well as render the nether safer . 
  and ... this turned out a bit of a wall of text . 
  but i do truly mean what i said . 
  and i do believe and hope i can contribute , if a tiny bit , to 24carrotcraft . 
  thank you very much for reading this far and for considering my candidacy , 
  tl ; dr : been playing for awhile , been an admin and a mod before , have some free time . 
  do n't like ghasts in the nether . 
  would n't having your boom-stick stiking out the front like this make for terrible maneuvering as well as a more fragile vehicle ? 
  i remember reading ww2 tank commanders complaining that some tank destroyers had barrels too long to operate properly in northern france . 
  i tried lowering the graphic settings , but that did n't really do much to the game 's clock . 
  to be honest this issue has me a bit baffled . 
  it 's either a lack of ram or a bug somewhere . 
  it makes little sense to me that at a certain threshold i 'd barely see any difference between two cpu almost a decade apart . 
  it takes an hour ( irl ) for a car to cross a couple street ingame at 30 ' 000 cims . 
  and that is with no traffic on those specific roads . 
   are you using mass transit dlc ? 
  no , only after-dark and snowfall, 
   is the fps suffers too ? 
  the fps is always pretty good , even with larger cities . 
  however trying to place a road at  30 ' 000 cims takes several minutes , rendering the game barely playable . 
  cpu usage oscillates quite a lot , but from what i could tell as a layman the game does make use of most cores . 
  hard to say exactly as there are 12 threads , but the game does n't hog three or four threads and leaves the rest untouched . 
  as for the slowness , it might indeed be the linux port that has some issue . 
  generally games run better on linux that windows ( in my anecdotal experience ) , but it 's not always the case . 
  thank you very much for such a complete answer . 
  the bottom of the well is 17m below the top part of the terrain and 14m below the bottom part ( hence why it never exceeds 14m ) . 
  all things consider i will indeed contact a professional . 
  whilst i have done most of the installation around the house , i do n't think i 'd feel comfortable installing some of this stuff myself , as the well is almost ~ 70 years old ( oldest construction on this terrain ) and most likely somewhat unsafe to work in . 
  however , as is likely the case in greece , many small companies ( one or two employees ) will scam you right out . 
  they will work for dirt cheap , but cheat on material and labour . 
  so i will need to do quite a bit of research and probably hire a larger , more reputable company and make sure they do n't subcontract . 
  around this time both the us and ussr had themselves a race of sort to build a bigger and more powerful bomb . 
  see the castle bravo and tsar bomba tests/demonstration . 
  neither of those device would be of any real tactical or strategic use except for glorified fireworks and propaganda , but i 'm guessing number as tremendous 16 * 10 ^ 9 kilo of tnt must have scared people quite a lot . 
  do n't forget that nuclear tests and the bomb where highly publicised and somewhat romanticised back then . 
  also , it 's not technically inaccurate to say that doubling yield does n't double destruction ( there is a yield sweestspot for most purposes , look at mirv for example ) . 
  and it would have been important to reassure people that seemingly ever increasing yield would n't crack the earth like an egg , turning humanity into a space omelette . 
  that being said nuclear tests , specially high yield ones , had a pretty nasty impact on human life , albeit more so closer to ground-zero . 
  it really depends on what you hope to achieve . 
  a tactical nuke with too high a yield would wipe your own troops and a strategic nuke too weak wo n't cripple the enemy enough . 
  want a bunker buster ? 
  need specific payload delivery . 
  aa missile , need something else . 
  sea or land mine ? 
  again , something else . 
  i 'm not a specialist on contemporary equipment by any means , but my understanding is that most military do n't field warheads with a yield  2 * 10 ^ 6 tons of tnt . 
  in the specific case of mirv what you have is a way to spread `` a bit '' of destruction over a larger area rather than thoroughly obliterate a smaller target . 
  [ nukemap ] ( http://www.nuclearsecrecy.com/nukemap/ ) is a good way to visualise that . 
  nuclear secrecy in general is one of the best website on the subject . 
  you might also want to ask / u/restricteddata for more information . 
  first of let me preface by saying once again that i 'm not a nuclear weapons expert . 
  that being said i did do quite a bit of reading , but the tactical or strategic use of nuclear weapon is largely theoretical ; nuclear weapons have only been fired in anger two times , in 1945 . 
  subsequent development and design are based of a theorised need , meaning we do n't know if they would be effective in their intended goal . 
  for example it is my belief that tactical nuclear weapons ( such as the w54 ) are a terrible idea , but that has n't stopped many different designs to be produced by several different armed forces . 
   my understanding was that nuclear weapon is mostly good at making sure that the area will not produce anything of value anymore ( like tanks or rockets or conscripts ) so the best application was dropping it on industrial or military city . 
  but it 's not like i 've read that anywhere reliable specifically , i 'd be glad to be enlightened . 
  this is n't inaccurate , but is incomplete . 
  strategic nuclear weapons are largely meant for that , yes .
