  i 'm afraid the apartment life ( when and if i start working ) will simply not suit him . 
  edit : so i had a couple of walks with him today and what / u/synaxis suggested worked quite well . 
  as a bonus , here is a picture of him : http://imgur.com/agdrgs5 the quality is not the best but i do n't have a camera besides my phone . 
  so discussion ( s ) have started within my family on what to get the kids for christmas this year . 
  my cousin wants something video-game related , so they turned to me . 
  thing is , i may be a pretty hardcore gamer , but i 've never owned a console and barely know anything about them . 
  i 've always built my own hardware ... and even my os at time . 
  our budget is fairly small , between 90-150 $ ( vat 23 % ) . 
  she currently owns a wii , a psp ( an older model ) , a ds ( older model too ) and a ps2 ( second hand , still works like a charm ) . 
  she also has a tiny pc , but it barely runs minecraft and even 2004 games make the fps drop bellow absolute zero . 
  she likes to play sports games mostly , pes , fifa , etc. 
  she has been saying she would like a ps3 , but given how old this system is i would advise against . 
  having an open system i can tinker , hack and fix is also a big bonus , because if something goes wrong i can much more easily fix it . 
  so what do you think is the best way to go ? 
  i 've thought of an ouya or an external hdd for the wii coupled with a classic controller . 
  i was doing some port forwarding on my router ( hitron bvw 3653 ) when i discovered that the port 3659 with the label `` ea tunnel '' was open from my linux machine . 
  after a quick google search it would appear this corresponds to bf3 's port . 
  i immediately disabled it and set a rule in the firewall to block it , but i 'm now wondering what could have caused it . 
  i tried shutting down every ( non-vital ) application on the computer ( running ubuntu 12.04 ) and the request was still there . 
  i checked but wine is not running , neither is any vm or steam . 
  i never even played or installed any bf game . 
  any idea what the cause might be ? 
  note : whilst `` udp any -  3659 '' appears on the router this is a translation mistake/typo . 
  what it actually means is `` udp 3659 ( single ) -  3659 ( single ) '' . 
  note 2 : the wireless on the router is disabled , being handled by a linksys ap . 
  i doubt this might be the cause however . 
  on the network is present an additional android phone . 
  first off i 'd like to introduce myself . 
  i 'm a 22 years old european man living in the gorgeous country of portugal . 
  i 'm also a communist . 
  my question is : how can i engage in `` seduction rituals '' ( for lack of a better word ) without making a woman feel oppressed or patronized ? 
  it is not uncommon for me to , for example , hold the door for a person to pass or to do similar things . 
  i 'll readily admit , however , that i have a tendency to do it more so if it 's someone i 'm interested in being more than friends with . 
  another example would be that of a date . 
  if i go out at night with a woman and she has to walk home i will offer to accompany her , which i would likely not do with a guy ( unless he is injured and/or there is some other good reason to do so ) . 
  are these things unfair , towards woman , to do ? 
  how can i show care and gentleness to a woman without being patronizing ? 
  feminists of reddit , how would you consider acceptable for a men to behave if he were trying to become your boyfriend/seduce you ? 
  ps : i 'm sorry if i used some terms incorrectly or used any offensive language . 
  it is a topic i 'm far from grasping fully , specially in a language that is not my native one . 
  if i said anything inappropriate please tell me so and i 'll change it straight away . 
  in some of the countries of the eea cellphone carriers can charge the price they want for local calls . 
  however roaming , specially for calls and sms ( s ) , is regulated and can not exceed 0.2952 $ / min and 0.984 $ / sms , respectively . 
  the result of this is that , in some states , local calls are more expensive than roaming . 
  if this is going to be/is the case for you then consider using a sim card from a carrier outside of that nation . 
  note : you may have to unlock your phone to use another sim card . 
  note2 : this is only valid for countries inside the eea and does not include applying members , the schengen area or non-eea members . 
  winter has finally come in this beautiful region near the atlantic . 
  whilst the temperature are n't really too bad , they scarcely go below 5 degrees ( 278.15 k ) , the combined effect of moisture ( 80-100 % ) with wind and virtually no isolation mean the houses are cold . 
  unfortunately i 'm in no position to afford heating , be it gas or electric . 
  my apartment building does n't have central heating and some of the windows of the building itself are broken . 
  there is also the fact that my windows are made of non-insulated aluminium , a very thermoconductive metal and that there are holes around the windows only cover with wood planks . 
  so what can i do to prevent the house 's temperature from dropping to much ? 
  it 's been at 14 degrees for the couple of days , which is fine , but i would like to avoid it going below 10 at any point though . 
  as you guessed i ca n't afford any advanced material so i will have to do with old journals , tape , rags and such . 
  any ideas ? 
  virtually everyone has or will have to , at some point , call a company . 
  if you do so , try aiming for spots where there are as few other people calling at the same time . 
  by doing so the advisor will be free to spend more time with you , be more relaxed and you 'll have to wait less ( or not at all ) . 
  the best time to call are generally in the early morning or on sunday . 
  the closer you get to the evening ( 17h30 onwards ) the worst . 
  keep in mind those time are for western europe and that different culture might have different call patterns . 
  i 've been meaning to ask these questions for quite some time , but wanted to be as informed as possible beforehand . 
  these question might be considered somewhat nsfw , so proceed at your own discretion . 
  should socialist societies allow for pornography ? 
  i understand that commercial material is completely immoral because it 's the very essence of exploitation of people . 
  however non-commercial pornography , where the participants chose and took step to actually produce the material , would seem fine by this reasoning . 
  all humans alike are sexual beings and in an age of information trying to ban sexual imagery is impossible and , i believe , nefarious to the development of a society . 
  should n't a socialist society strive to educate people and prevent exploitation and let people express themselves through sexual imagery ? 
  what do you make of `` bondage '' or `` kinbaku '' groups where people oppress others for the sexual gratification of both . 
  whilst these activities are oppressive , are n't they , in a very materialist view , ultimately part of human nature ? 
  all participants being willing and enjoying . 
  tl ; dr : is sexual expression and `` oppressive role-play '' acceptable in a socialist society ? 
  i figured that a nice addition to this section of the sub would be to mention which sites have restrictions based on your location and which do n't ( or what they are ) . 
  from my ip , in portugal , only viki.com and daisuki.net did not display a `` nope '' message , none of which actually played the content . 
  i use chrome and deactivated all add-ons for tests sake but since i run linux this may be the issue . 
  crunchyroll seems to play only some of the content . 
  good afternoon ,, 
  i 'm looking for informations on the japanese communist movement . 
  if possible in a roman language , english or spoken in japanese ( i ca n't read japanese ) . 
  so far i 've read what i could find on wikipedia and some things on the jcp but i would like to learn more , specially about the period encompassing the invasion and occupation of korea and china up until the end of ww2 . 
  recently my economic situation has slightly improved ( i can afford heating now , for example ) and i can also afford a basic cellphone plan ( unlimited calls & sms ( s ) for 5 $ / m ) . 
  however i do n't have a phone . 
  i had in mind something that 's the simplest possible , with no data and what have you but can survive being dropped every day , work in the sun and whose battery lasts  48h . 
  bonus points for flip-phones . 
  i tried looking at the second hand market but i only find smartphones or in my area ( or feature phones without batteries ) . 
  any advice on what phone to get ? 
  recently my economic situation has slightly improved ( i can afford heating now , for example ) and i can also afford a basic cellphone plan ( unlimited calls & sms ( s ) for 5 $ / m ) . 
  however i do n't have a phone . 
  i had in mind something that 's the simplest possible , with no data and what have you but can survive being dropped every day , work in the sun and whose battery lasts  48h . 
  bonus points for flip-phones . 
  i tried looking at the second hand market but i only find smartphones or in my area ( or feature phones without batteries ) . 
  any advice on what phone to get ? 
  hello ,, 
  i have an old-ish netbook whose hdd has decided to retire . 
  may his 1.8 '' soul rest in peace . 
  not being able to afford a new hdd for it ( and not really wanting to spend the money on this netbook ) i grabbed an old-ish 16gb microsd card , used an adapter , `` rewired '' the netbook to run with the card as the hdd . 
  thing is , as you might guess , the r/w speeds are ... horrid . 
  so , to the point :, 
  tl ; dr : is there a distro who disk i.o.
