  i disagree with that . 
  punishment ( s ) , or rather avoiding those , would be the incentive . 
  the law is just how you should act and how the state/judicial system will ( supposedly ) respond if you act against those rules . 
  you could also say it 's a set of rule you can expect any party to abide by and now you will have protection if those rules are not followed . 
  the powers to create , apply and enforce the laws are three distinct things . 
   are you claiming there are no immoral laws where you live that you would willingly break ? 
  i 'm claiming that , to the best of my knowledge , there are no laws within those countries that i would deem immoral . 
  in most case it 's the absence of law that is immoral . 
  regarding `` breaking '' the law . 
  it is sometimes unavoidable when the law contradicts itself . 
  i 've always heard people refer to it as such , though i 've never questioned it much . 
  i definitely see how it could be confusing , however . 
   allowing one group of people to be above the law does n't benefit society at all . 
  i agree . 
  this is why i believe that the sharing of culture should not be illegal , regardless of income . 
   if you ca n't afford it , you ca n't have it . 
  first i would like to thank you for having put the time into reading and responding to me . 
  whilst i may not agree with you i respect your willingness to defend your opinion . 
  that being said i doubt i 'll ever change opinion on this last ( and crucial ) part . 
  i 've lived and witnessed poverty . 
  i know how being hungry and thirsty feels like . 
  i have seen and i know of the woes of class division . 
  for those reason i have a very strong emotional attachment to the well being of the rest of the exploited and the oppressed and will not compromise on the well being of society in order for a few individual to thrive . 
  as someone who had never been exposed to chrisitian rituals the first time i witnessed them with the portuguese side of my family was really ... weird . 
  i know they are pretty normal stuff , but `` eating the body and blood '' of a person was a very worrying thing when i first heard of it . 
  what is this , exactly ? 
  a week celebrating the effort made against white supremacy in the u.s. ? 
  as someone who worked in the industry i can confirm the accuracy of all that is said here . 
  as a swiss i must concur . 
  my sister and her family went for a one month trip in the u.s. and they loved many things , but the chocolate was not one of them . 
  they were also surprised at how cheap stuff is and , yet , how healthy food is prohibitively expensive . 
  finally they were very surprised at how `` fat '' fat people were . 
  they said that they see many larger folks at home but they are all only `` kinda round-ish around the belly '' where american larger fellows were ... larger . 
  oh , also , how convenient everything is . 
  i have 3 $ on my bank account , no car and no credit card ... but at least i smell nice . 
  i 've never been even close to fat , but i 've been in a technical state of starvation several times . 
  it 's one of the worst feeling i 've experienced , right after severe illness ( 42 \u00b0 + of fever ) and suffocation . 
  i ca n't even begin to fantom what someone must endure if they have to fight against eating , rather than fight for food . 
  as a follow up , does this mean someone with stronger muscle will be less sensitive to joint problems ? 
  or is there a `` healthy '' threshold past which it does not matter ? 
  i was thinking more in the way of normal persons ( in terms of body mass ) but with some type of joint issue ( related to growth in teens , arthritis in elderly , broken ligaments , etc ) . 
  `` eu tenho os seus leos '' would be more correct , or at least better sounding . 
  great idea !, 
  how about changing the national anthem to `` ode to opression '' , have mein kampf as a schoolbook and add some black to the flag ? 
  ... hum , i 'm usually fairly calm when reading these types of news but the sheer amount of irony in this one just gets under my skin . 
  i hope this monstruosity never sees the light of day . 
  out of sheer curiosity , but how do they deal with ( legally ) customized vehicles , overweight vehicles ( deactivated military equipment , trucks , etc ) and are they legally liable for damage to illegally modified cars , such as conversion from front to rear wheel drive or other exotic stuff ? 
  the [ probe 16 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/probe_16 ) , featured in a clockwork orange as the durango 95 , is defined on wiki as a `` an investigation into extremes of styling '' . 
  what i find most interesting is having skype run on java . 
  i 'm not sure how you coded it and have never looked atbthe skype sdk ( or even know if there is one ) but this is definitely interesting , at the very least as a technical challenge . 
  a couple of questions though : do you need the native client to run this mod and what oss do you intend to support ? 
    having an open system i can tinker , hack and fix is also a big bonus , because if something goes wrong i can much more easily fix it . 
   you 'll only find that with pcs . 
  if you want a console , unless you 're getting a steam machine , you 'll have to cross that from your list of requirements . 
  mhh ... it figures . 
  can you at least change faulty hardware ( hdd , in particular ) or the os ? 
  i know that technically linux can run on a ps3 . 
  also , can you use . iso ( or disk images ) instead of physical disks on it ? 
  otherwise , when buying a second hand console , what should one look out for ? 
  are there known faulty series/batch ? 
  thank you for your answer . 
  i 've ended-up talking with her parents and we have settled on getting an external hdd + a classic controller for the wii . 
  this way she 'll be able to play a much larger library of games than she would ever be on xbox/ps3 . 
  regardless , thank you and everyone else for your help . 
  i was still under the impression consoles used cartridges so i was really out of date . 
  i was also surprised to learn that sony had stop officially supporting linux . 
  considering a lot of their stuff runs on it it was a bit of a surprise . 
  i was also saddened to see how limited they are . 
  for hardware that theoretically could do a lot more they have a lot of locks on them . 
  btw ,, 
   and probably still in most gamestops, 
  those do not exist here . 
  for better or worst , i do not know . 
  this is a good article . 
  there are many hystorical reasons for the weight the pcp still holds today . 
  whilst it suffers from an image of `` old-fashioned '' it 's still is one of the strongest communist parties in europe . 
  imo it 's greatest strengh is the dedication and nigh incorruptibility of the leadership . 
  in a country ravaged by coruption and lies it comes as breath of fresh air . 
  oh , a local carrier ( tmn , from the pt group ) is amidst . 
  that is good news , specially after finding ubuntu laptop in most stores a couple of years ago . 
  you can actually see the marks on the ground if you zoom in closely . 
  could you extend a bit on the changes to ps2 please . 
  i use it daily and had n't heard about it ( i have n't been reading much news either , to be honest ) . 
  how about the opposite - increasing value . 
  do you remove cash from circulation ? 
  and how do currencies that are decentralized , like bitcoins , work ? 
  in portugal 100min/sms would cost you 10 $ a year ago . 
  that 's about ~ 14 $ . 
  triplicate that for a gig of data . 
  and you have to pay the phone full price . 
  and the average wage is 600 $ - 820 $ - after taxes . 
  on the plus side broadband ( 4g ) is very fast (  15mbits/s ) . 
   ps/2 port is a direct hardware connection, 
  i use my keyboard to boot my pc ( and have done so for years ) . 
  does this mean that on newer motherboards this function does n't exist anymore ? 
  ok , thank you very much . 
  i just discovered this forum but i 've had to write with a foutainpen for over a decade whilst in school in switzerland . 
  during that time i tried dozens of cheap , chinese made , pen . 
  my verdict : they all suck . 
  the nib will break or bend easily , the body might break whilst carrying , it will lose it 's colour and they have a tendency to leak ink .
