  either engineers that can `` terraform '' some areas ( extend rivers , build canals , plant mines , etc ) or strictly defensive units . 
  the later would work similarly to artillery except that , once deployed , they 'd get a defensive bonus ( or a malus when not ) and get to use forts . 
  another thing would be an upgrade to trade caravan in the form of road trains . 
  i think it 's another reference to sao . 
  ca n't explain in detail here because phone app does n't like the spoiler tag . 
  edit on pc : [ sao spoiler ] ( / s `` in the final fight scene kirito , the protagonist , fights the game creator and loses . 
  but he suddenly has a `` shonen '' moment and resurects via the power of love to kill the gm . '' ), 
  for some reason i get the message `` this item can not be installed in your device 's country . '', 
  when trying to install it on my galaxy s2 ( cyanogenmod , android 4.0.4 , country : pt ) . 
  i ca n't even wright portuguese properly for that matter . 
  all of my contacts speak english pretty decently so i have n't typed in portuguese on a phone or computer for over a year . 
  most company ask for an english c.v. and english motivation letter , too . 
  btw , is there a way to make the phone appear as * english * ( us/uk ) ? 
  it 's jailbroken ( which is legal here ) already so that should n't be much of an issue . 
  i can tell you that the scoring system ( csat , customer satisfaction ) of a large tech company is similar in it 's silliness . 
  it prompts you , the customer , to answer a survey of several criteria , including , on a scale of 1-5 , your satifaction with you adviser/person-you-talked - to . 
  however you are rated on the satisfaction with the company and are expected to get a score  90 % ( or you will get fired ) . 
  that specially fucked-up when you get to work with some particularly picky folks , like the french , that will grade you badly if they get the survey in english ( miss-configured account on the customer side ) , if they liked you but not the company and pretty much if they are in a bad mood . 
  how often do you see people coat their nuclear missiles with it nowadas ? 
  basic school ( 4-9 grade ) was utter hell for me . 
  it 's been almost a decade and is still is hard to talk about . 
  compared to this my adult life with a host of mental issues is actually pretty enjoyable . 
   are n't you bored already of the good cop , bad cop play of local politics ? 
  i find that to be true for many people , including myself . 
  however , one thing bothers me . 
  i see people up in arms about the `` liberal '' policies of our ( portugal ) government ... but mind you , they were elected . 
  i see people taking to the street , but then refusing to vote . 
  what folks , specially the younger crowd , needs to understand is that :, 
  - yelling about not being happy about the status quo wo n't change it . 
  - being angry at the status quo but , at the same time , being afraid of changing it wo n't get you anywhere . 
  i still have some hope that different ideas will come forth in the coming election with the be ( marxists ) , pcp ( marxists-leninst ) and cds-pp ( liberal ) getting more power . 
  i also invite anyone and everyone to learn about different ( and sometimes feared ) idea , whatever they may be . 
  i think the main reason is , like most things in switzerland , money . 
  effectively doubling the number of recruit , needlessly so , would be a huge burden on the confederation . 
  we already have a needlessly large military ( personal opinion ) so i see no point in adding even more to it . 
  disclaimer : i believe women to be just as capable as men , even physically so , and welcome them in any office . 
  i believe that most , if not all , addictive substances should be illegal to posses , trade , sell , give or manufacture . 
  the reason is rather simple : most people , at some point in their lives will be down . 
  at these times you become very vulnerable and can not be trusted to take care of yourself . 
  it 's at that point that you must have the protection of the state . 
  by rendering access to dangerously addictive substances very difficult you are effectively protecting the members of society that most need it . 
  as humans we do n't need those products and they do us and society more harm than good so i believe we must protect each other by eleminating them . 
  note : on phone , will expand later . 
  even if you are `` poor '' and provided with an opportunity not taking it does n't necessarly mean you are lazy or do n't want it . 
  in many cases people will be mentally unable to use such chances ( heavy depressions , psychotic breakdowns , etc ) . 
  there is also the situation where there are physical limitations . 
  lelouch lamperouge ( a.k.a zero ) , from codegeass . 
  yes . 
  not presently though . 
  i do n't personally subscribe to the idea that being able to do something must necessarly mean presently having the sum of all requiered elements to do it . 
  given enough time and dedication i believe i could solve them or other common mathematical problem solved regularly by university students . 
  and i believe the same applies to you , too . 
  or to my neighbour . 
  whether they ** want ** to do it is another story ( i presently have little interest in doing so , for example ) . 
  i believe i have n't expressed myself correctly . 
  apologies . 
  what i meant was to say `` limitation that are inherent to the reality of this world '' . 
  i include , of course , limitation of one 's body , mind and evironment . 
  i would n't expect someone without any way to access the internet to be able to learn as easily as we do in wealthier nations . 
   this post strikes me as a complaint disguised as a cmv . 
  yes , those people could have learned english if they truly wanted to . 
  this post seems better suited for / r/rant or / r/offmychest ... 
  i honestly do n't understand why you posted it in cmv . 
  sorry about that , it was n't my intention at all . 
  i may have gone a bit ranty , my bad the reason i am posting on cmv is that i 've often ( and for a long time ) been called out and criticised by people for holding this opinion but i fail to see anything objectively wrong with it . 
  thus , cmv , please . 
  in romandie ( french speaking part of switzerland ) we often say `` la vache ! '', 
  which would literally translate to `` the cow ! '' . 
  it is used the same way american use `` oh my god '' . 
   portugal - currently in deep financial crisis . 
  that does n't necessarly mean the market would really be much smaller . 
  given the price of the device it would only be bought by wealthier people which were n't that badly affected by the economical downturn . 
  ( check the social inequality for portugal as a good example of that ) . 
  however the fact that there is a huge piracy culture and absolutly no law ( enforced ) against piracy added to the fact that the masses wo n't be able to afford the device are obviously heavy factor . 
  finally , i 'd add that the economic situation of portugal is n't more dier than that of spain , nation where the console will launch . 
  albeit spain is a bigger market . 
  i was wondering actually , thanks . 
  fyi : what american call `` swiss cheese '' would in all likelihood not even be considered cheese at all by a swiss . 
  the closest thing to it there would be cheap-ass emmental . 
  actual swiss cheese , like emmental aoc and gruyere aoc are absolutely delicious . 
  but , unless you take a trip to the land of cows and chocolate , you are bound to pay a lot for it . 
  not only is it expensive in and out of itself , but the aoc means it can only be produced in switzerland ( among other things ) so you get shipping and taxes . 
  my advice to `` foreigners '' wanting to try swiss cheese at decent price would be to look for [ aoc products ] ( http://www.switzerland-cheese.com/en/home/swiss-cheese-know-how/aoc-and-pgi.html ) that they can important . 
  for example a common gruyere will cost about 18 $ / kilo ( 9 $ / lb ) + shipping and taxes . 
  eating out . 
  you get to try different foods , know knew places , socialize and , best of all , do n't have to clean afterwards . 
  if you are careful not to waste it 's actually cheaper than ordering pizzas ( at least here . 
  if anyone is interested i can break down the costs ) . 
  back when i had a job i used to do sushi often . 
  a few tricks if you want to avoid expenses :, 
  - get several people to eat together and divide the cost . 
  since you must buy a whole bag of rice , nori , fish and vegetables you are stuck with at least enough food for four persons anyway . 
  - choose diversity over quantity . 
  a mistake i often see newbies do is to get too much of any one ingredient . 
  sushi are small ( cutting them is an offence to the chef ) . 
  - if have rice and other ingredients left over you can make onigiri or , if you are feeling patient , a bento . 
  - regarding drinks it 's either ( japanese ) beer , sake ( rice wine ) or ocha ( tea ) . 
  at least i only see people drink those . 
  in my experience asian markets will carry pretty decent stuff , if you know what you are buying . 
  otherwise you may want to read a bit online and order some stuff .
