  the later had much better writing than the base game , imo . 
  they were n't perfect , but were not inferior to the main game . 
  if you liked fo4 , chances are you would enjoy some if the dlc . 
  if you do n't like fo4 , what are you waisting your time here for , go play ksp/civ5/etc . 
  i study the e.u. 
  . . yes , it 's an actual degree ... those posters ( and ukip in general ) make me want to strangle whoever is spewing this stuff . 
  objectively it 's not that bad of a propaganda piece . 
  a bit mild colour-wise , maybe . 
  but oh my is this a blatant lie . 
  propaganda often twists the truth , but this is n't twisting the truth as much as bending the truth 's head into it 's buttocks !, 
  anyway , rant asside , it 's an average piece of work . 
  but lying like this is a risk , as you are nearly guaranteed to loose informed voters . 
  that 's quite insulting for the brits honestly , if they believe this crap to work . 
  why are turbofan airline like crafts in the same category as the mirage or mig 25 ? 
  this maybe a bit of a noob question , but how does a plane incapable of combat fit in the same group as what seems like fighters ? 
  why are the f35 green at this stage ? 
  or is it some artifact of photography ? 
  in case the weapons were to fall in enemy hand how `` easily '' could they be destroyed ? 
  you 'd want the details of the design out of enemy hand even more than the bomb itself , probably . 
  would you detonate them at their lowest yield to avoid capture ? 
  and also : why have nukes on site when you have icbm/slbm/airborne missile ? 
  tactical nuclear warfare , specially this close to russia , is bordering on the suicidal and higher yield weapons do n't need to be all that close to the target , you just need the ability to launch them . 
  i would have guessed she was bio-mechanical . 
  an engineered human/human in android body . 
  they have the tech ( cloning , android , very advanced robotics , nanite , etc ) . 
  or maybe a cyborg ? 
  psychic seems a bit too `` magical '' in an otherwise scienscish show . 
  i worked in it for several years and i 'm politically on the left . 
  although i do believe the e.u. 
  is necessary i believe it has many short comings . 
  i oppose the austerity policies and in general the asshat at the ecb . 
  also , i do not believe being informed is necessarily corollary to intelligence , nor do i believe that informed audiences will necessarily support the eu . 
  however this poster is spewing blatant lies that take its target for fools . 
  that 's what i was referring too . 
  if you had a poster saying that thanks to the e.u. 
  everyone will get a free puppy i 'd criticise it all the same . 
  i study it from a historical perspective . 
  going from ww1 to the present , essentially . 
  although i 'm pro-eu this course is n't necessarily pro eu itself . 
  it 's biased towards peace and unity , things that can be achieved in many ways . 
  it does help you spot bullshit from politicians though . 
  which unsurprisingly is quite a lot . 
  good point , i agree . 
  maybe the white font on clear background as well as the format worked against them ? 
  has switzerland issued an official apology for dadaism yet ? 
  there are three big issues with nuclear bombs in enemy hands . 
  the first , most obvious , is that they may try use it . 
  but it 's not that easy to detonate them without proper procedure . 
  i 'm sure it could be done , but it certainly would take time and effort . 
  the second problem is the fuel . 
  fissile material is one of the hardest part to get for nuclear bombs . 
  and even in a conventional bomb it 's quite dangerous . 
  giving a nuke to your enemy is gift wrapping a potential dirty bomb . 
  the third issue is design . 
  it 's easier to reverse engineer a working nuke than come up with one . 
  essentially a nuke that falls in enemy hands would accelerate the development of their own nuclear arsenal as well as give them fuel . 
  they may not turn your own bomb against you , but it sure as hell does n't mean it 's a good idea . 
  it was meant as a joke . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of this style , but it 's personal taste , nothing wrong with it , 
  or maybe i got traumatised by the 15 years i spent in ~ ~ the nazi bank ~ ~ switzerland . 
  your choice . 
  there are still several details not easily available . 
  the exact shape and composition of the lens and so forth . 
  and , more importantly , miniaturisation . 
  `` any '' idiot can build a nuke , provided he has the raw materials ( gun design , fission ) . 
  but making a transportable , reliable and accurate device is another question all together . 
  that 's a great explanation actually . 
  i knew all this already ( the theory of bomb design is n't that complex to grasp , i found supersonic aerodynamics to be more of a pain ) . 
  but this is a great explanation of variable yield a hints at the difference between fat man and modern nuke . 
  so ... how likely is that a person/animal ( cow ? ), 
  would explode in a tartinoesque manner if struck by lightning ? 
  what about positive lightning ? 
  one : the pilots have gonads of pure brass . 
  two : this looks like the beginning of ww3 . 
  awesomely scary shot . 
  three : how safe is it to stand this close to the drop ? 
  is that stuff toxic ? 
  i 'm so going to slap some of these in the face of certain people . 
  no , government data ca n't be encrypted with a windows 7 password on a laptop . 
  yes , really . 
  i did n't backup your data ? ... 
  god damn i 'm so sick of ... hum ... 
  anyway , i love those . 
  one of the few propaganda/info piece i 'm definitely going to keep around !, 
  these things are awesome , in the `` huge engineering '' sense of awesome . 
  i saw a couple documentaries about them and they really are quite something . 
  butt ugly for sure , but a great feat of engineering . 
  `` guys , see this spinning death wheel of sharp blades we stick on our planes ? 
  yeah ? 
  well , we want to make it supersonic . 
  because fuck having limbs . 
  limbs are for pussies ! '', 
  but seriously , fighter aircraft with propellers , specially single pull propellers , are already scary enough . 
  you do n't need to make them supersonic on top . 
  kudos to the test pilots though , it takes big gonads to climb aboard something like this . 
  i have 200 + hours on my current map and i mostly do n't tear down older structures . 
  i just cannibalise the most valuable machines and leave the rest unpowered . 
  and because i use trains heavily i end up creating lovely abandoned industrial parks that are quite peaceful . 
  i call them ghosts . 
  truth be told i 've spent far more time around those ghost places than reasonable , but there is just something cathartic about them .
