  however they are good for bad writers ( like i was at the time , due to a wrist issue that was only discovered and fixed later ) . 
  the reason is that bad writer ( kids , specially ) tend to exert excessive force on the pen , possibly damaging it . 
  unless your nib is made of zirconium ( it is n't ) it 's better to keep getting 1-2 $ pen until they are more proficient . 
  ahh , a question i can answer with confidence !, 
  stalin did many thing and took many decisions . 
  some bad and other goods . 
  but there are a couple of things to have in mind before delving any further . 
  first you have to remember that he ruled 60 years ago , in a different time and culture . 
  what we may see as a terrible decision with insight might have been the best choice at the time . 
  you also have to consider that he was n't alone in command . 
  he did held a tremendous amount of power , especially during and after ww2 , but was not the sole responsible for everything that happened in the ussr . 
  that being said , let 's get to it . 
  a claim often made by people is that `` lenin wanted to remove him from power '' . 
  whether or not this is true is something neither i , nor anyone alive today , knows . 
  however there is no evidence for it and considering the tendency of reactionary to make stuff up i would take that claim with more than a grain of salt . 
  regarding the rapid industrialization of the country there are more than enough evidence for it . 
  there was indeed a very heavy cost in terms of human lives for it , both in goulags ( work camps ) and with free workers . 
  however it is hard to determine if this is due to negligence and abuse or simply because russia has very harsh living conditions ( weather and so forth ) and workers died due to normal ( for the time ) work accidents . 
  if someone has data from the time i would love to check it . 
  khrushchev did criticize the work condition in goulags , with eight hours [ source needed ] of hard labour a day and no family visit during your incarceration . 
  this was later change during his administration . 
  keep in mind that only criminals , as per the ussr 's laws , were sent there and that the common man had little to fear . 
  the peace treaty with germany was , in my opinion , a good decision . 
  i understand why it may disturb many people , but by doing so he managed to extend the borders and protect ( at least if hitler had respected the treaty ) a lot of eastern europe , converted many nations to socialism and , again had the treaty been abided by , saved millions of lives . 
  the war with finland was a disgrace , however . 
  his administration decided to invade a sovereign nation , which is against the idea of self-determination and dictatorship of the proletariat so important to communism . 
  i understand the reasons , but it was immoral to do so i believe . 
  had a strong proletariat requested help or had a revolution been underway and the ussr had provided help it would be a different story . 
  he won ww2 . 
  period . 
  the sheer number of human lives saved this way is astonishing . 
  regarding the claim that he abandoned his son into enemy hands : they are true , as far as i can gather . 
  however look at it this way : had he exchanged a soldier for his son , would n't this mean his son 's life is worth more ? 
  does that mean some people are better than other ? 
  i think you get the point . 
  in order to achieve the vast and rapid industrialization a class of bureaucrats had to be created . 
  they soon attempted to take power and had to be `` purged '' . 
  these so called purged killed an estimated 800 '00 people , in a worst case scenario ( far from the 50 millions claimed by the u.s. ) . 
  in order to avoid being considered dissident many people started to create a personality cult around stalin . 
  there are no evidence that he encouraged or discouraged this in any way . 
  he did promote lenin , the revolution and communism heavily though . 
  some say that this decision to create a class in a supposedly classless society ended-up bringing down the ussr . 
  it 's a far stretch , in my opinion , but not completely unreasonable . 
  ultimately it turned out to be bad for russia but i 'm uncertain as to how well the ussr would have fared otherwise . 
  finally on the topic of trotsky . 
  whether you agree with him or not the fact is he tried to destabilize the leadership in a critical time and had he succeeded the ussr would have been rolled over by the nazi regime . 
  had he been chosen instead of stalin from the get go is another story . 
  ultimately i would criticize him ( trotsky ) for pursuing his belief above the well being of the cause of the proletariat ( after stalin 's rise to power ) . 
  oh , another claim i also hear often . 
  the fact that the leadership got further away from the soviet ( worker groups ) and become a state dictatorship instead of the proletariat 's dictatorship . 
  i wo n't risque making a definitive statement on it because i simply do not have enough evidence one way or another . 
  i will do some research on it and try to come back to it at a later point . 
  and ... this should be it . 
  feel free to ask anything else . 
  unfortunately i do n't know enough to make a sufficiently accurate response to your question . 
  i know censorship occurred , especially at the time of ww2 , but it was mostly in the form of giving a brighter tone to the truth . 
  as far as i know there was n't a strong will at the time to censor people as much as there was to educate them ( russia went from on of the lowest literacy rate to one of the highest in record time ) . 
  i know there are several books and sources on the topic but i have n't had time to read them . 
  i 'll try getting back to this topic at a later point , once i 'm more informed . 
   the occupation of the baltic states, 
  the occupation was unfortunately made * manu militari * but it turned out to be for the best . 
  it ended-up protecting those states from nazi occupation and from fascism . 
  and , unlike with finland , was n't made through war but through `` diplomacy '' ( threat of war ) . 
   i think it would almost be criminal to return a nation to capitalism after you 've liberated it from fascist control . 
  i agree . 
   are there any principled pragmatic arguments for taking these countries though , just want to hear your thoughts on the matter . 
  the decision to occupy was surely a difficult one to take . 
  had the ussr not occupied those nation they would have fallen into fascist hands . 
  by occupying them they took the self-determination away from them . 
  i believe it was the right call , even if it was `` a good thing to do '' because it avoided a lot of suffering . 
  that 's something i often see happening under stalin 's administration : though decisions made for the good of the masses , even if sometimes it meant making having sacrifices . 
  i 'd conclude by saying that 1939-1945 were exceedingly tense and difficult time for anyone on the planet . 
  it took great courage and determination to be in any position of leadership at the time and you have to remember that nobody knew what tomorrow would bring . 
  except for the very late years of his leadership comrade stalin did very little , if nothing , for his own personal benefit . 
  he always acted for the sake of his beloved nation . 
  you may criticize and disagree with every decision his made but you ca n't argue with his intentions . 
  and for those calling him a `` sociopath '' remember that he loved his wife dearly . 
  a sociopath is incapable of love , at any time , towards anyone , for any reason . 
  my hd4870 w / 1gb still has to run into issues . 
  my cpu , a q6600@3.15ghz does help though . 
   like i was at the time , due to a wrist issue that was only discovered and fixed later, 
  the important part here is `` fixed '' . 
  as in `` it is now fine '' . 
  this argument is n't completely pointless though . 
  whilst many , if not most people could indeed never afford to buy what they pirate it is true that some people are lead to think that `` oh , i would never have bought x '' whilst they might just have . 
  to put it in another way : it is likely that a small percentage of the `` pirates '' would have bought the content had it not been freely available . 
  that is , however , far different from saying that every `` illegal '' ( depends on your country of residence ) download is a lost sale . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   imperialism , as defined by the dictionary of human geography , is `` an unequal human and territorial relationship , usually in the form of an empire , based on ideas of superiority and practices of dominance , and involving the extension of authority and control of one state or people over another . '', 
  in the case of the batlic states and , as far as i could gather , there was no unequal treatment of the population when compared to the rest of the union . 
  the people living in those nations were not considered by the administration as `` inferior '' or as otherwise different . 
  there often claims made by reactionaries regarding the `` satellites '' , such as the `` holodomor '' . 
  however , when looked closely , you see that the reality is far different from the claims . 
  [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/communism101/comments/1c4to0/is_there_a_different_aspectpov_to_the_holodomor/c9dcmra ) by / u/east _ river is a good source of informations , for example . 
   `` involving the extension of authority and control of one state or people over another '', 
  that last part is true for the occupation . 
  however i do not think that all occupation qualifies as imperialism , just like not all light sources qualify as lamps . 
  it is also important to note that , despite claims from reactionaries , these nations kept a lot of self-determination . 
  it is only later , with the choice to put poorly chosen persons as autocrats , that things got worst . 
  romania and the democratic people 's republic of korea ( north korea ) are good example of this .
