  feature wise it 's awesome . 
  it runs a lot smoother , but is unplayable . 
  i had to fix half the issues with custom bash scripts and even when it runs it hard crashes after 5-10min . 
  but ... 
  i paid for the 0.9 game and the promise of 1.0 . 
  i got a great , stable and fully functional game on my platform . 
  the fact that squad is releasing 1.1 for free is great . 
  and i 'm sure they will fix whatever issues i have ( they were all reported in the big trackers ) . 
  but then at the end of the day i got an awesome game already . 
  ca n't wait to play 1.1 , but for now : squad , stay awesome . 
  woaw . 
  i do n't usually like tattoos , but this one is awesome . 
  couple questions though , if you do n't mind : are you worried that the look will change with the skin ? 
  stretching , shrinking , etc. 
  and how well did you skin react to colour ? 
  i always heard bad stuff about colour on tattoos , specially red . 
  any problem so far ? 
  regardless , great artwork . 
  and it would work just as well for someone who might not know about d&d . 
  really ? 
  another city ... how ma ... 238 ?!, 
  two hundred and thirty eight fuckin cities ?!, 
  and all along my frontier . 
  fuck building a wall , i 'll build nukes !, 
  yes , augustus may have annoyed me . 
  a bit . 
  in every . 
  single . 
  game . 
  and he looks so ... discontent . 
  * sigh *, 
  neet artwork though . 
  but why , why oh why did you choose the crown prince of douchbags , his forward settling holyness augustus ... 
  how do scramjet get around those issues ? 
  the heat from friction at those speeds is in and out of itself amazing , but the stress on the intake must be awesome . 
  i 've been using ddg as my main search engine for a couple years . 
  i 'm not a programmer and no longer work in it , so i might not be the typical user , but it has worked boringly well and i 've got no reason to use anything else . 
  however i noticed that the quality of results dropped very quickly the farther from english i went . 
  it 's a none issue for me and most user , but it would be a sticking point for users in several countries . 
  regardless , thank you very much for an awesome piece of tech !, 
  they do say that the astronaut selection process is rough . 
  and the goo for the canisters has to come from somewhere . 
  awesome find . 
  it does n't look like the typical soviet art too . 
  what was the context ? 
  was it made to be displayed during a celebration ? 
  as a sort of positive message for the people ? 
  i 'd settle for having the same modding system for mac/linux as windows . 
  many mod broke on the first two and modding itself was a bit of a pain . 
  it has a shaft , an intake an no thrust vectoring , so i would say this is likely accurate . 
  a `` blower '' ( for snow and such ) would have a different intake . 
  it could also be used as a turbine to generate power . 
  though i do n't have enough knowledge to tell anymore , sadly . 
  i know that nuclear power was used ( and is still in use ) on civilian ships . 
  but it 's more of a specific use case than the norm . 
  is there a point where size/mass will make it a cost effective solution ? 
  ( for freight , i doubt passenger would agree to board a `` fukushima '' boat - even though it 's likely as safe , or safer , than a diesel ) . 
  personally the simpler my grub , the better . 
  i really dislike messing around with grub as it can quickly go very wrong so i try to keep it as basic as i can . 
  but burg is what i would install on a `` mom '' pc ( average , not tech-savy , user ) . 
  this might be a bit of a silly question , but it 's there a reason for the paint scheme 's name ? 
  such as being associated with a later , more powerful/lighter model . 
  it varies from country to country , but in most of europe it is illegal to insult someone . 
  however , afaik , spain ( and some other states ) do have additional protection for policeman and officials . 
  but it surprises me that english ( not one of spain 's official language ) is penalised . 
  how would you enforce the notion of insult for all languages ? 
  is there a database of insults ? 
  can i call a policeman a pig in japanese ? 
  what about french ? ... 
  police often have it rough and are under appreciated . 
  but this type of behaviour sure as hell does n't help . 
  this is beyond incompetence and falls into malice , which ends up reflecting poorly on their colleagues who are probably doing honest work . 
  what a shame ... 
  very nice . 
  i will not use it personally ( not because of any flaws , just personal preference ) but i 'll suggest it to all my players . 
  what licence is it under ? 
  if you have n't put one yet i 'd suggest cc ( by-sa ) . 
  on a side note to you and all who share such content , free of charge : thank you so much for making the d&d so thriving !!, 
  i 'm on 16.04 , nvidia proprietary drivers and 1.1 . x has been unusable since release . 
  the game crashes within a few minutes when i try to play . 
  oddly enough if i leave it running ( say a station in orbit ) it runs fine , but even creating a node might crash it . 
  on unity it crashed the desktop pretty hard ( only tried a couple time , unity is not what i usually use ) . 
  on gnome the game crashes , but does not affect anything else . 
  i tried several `` fixes '' , including messing with pulse , to no avail . 
  running the game from the terminal yields the same ( generic ) error message every time when crashing . 
  i 've also seen a lot of linux users with similar issues , and given the fact that my knowledge of linux is fairly limited , i 'll have to wait for some sort of official fix . 
  i personally do n't mind all that much that 1.1 does n't work - i payed for 0.9 / 1.0 - but it 's a bit misleading to advertise and sell it as working on linux when it clearly does not : /, 
  anyway , hope someone can find and share a fix . 
  till i 'll be playing some factorio . 
  from the taxpayer side ( my side , in this case ) i much prefer that our elected officials be frugal . 
  i have much more respect for a politician if he uses public transport/bike/efficient vehicle than one in a luxury german family car . 
  specially if the taxpayer is footing the bill . 
  but on the other hand it would be freaking cool to see the french president or his british homologue land everywhere in a concorde . 
  header corruption of an ( encrypted ) raid array by grub . 
  that came after i had to reinstall said grub after windows ( i used to dual-boot ) corrupted the bootloader . 
  essentially i mixed-up mdraid and dmraid , botched the install of grub and screwed everything . 
  100 % my fault , but i lost 1tb of useless data ( movies , anime , etc ) . 
  it is n't much of an horror story , but the fact is linux has behaved more or less like i 'd expect in these past 10y . 
  it 's been more of mater of knowing that i will screw up and baking up . 
  the dog i had when i was a kid used to do that .
