  and it is glorious for roughly 7 seconds . 
  at which point you are reunited with your husband/wife . 
  dovahkitty ? 
  at one point you are asked, 
  [ spoilers ! ], 
  by the institute directorate on what to focus , weapons or synth . 
  my guess is that the institute does very little serious fighting , counting on kellogg for over 200 years , for example . 
  as such they never invested in weaponry besides basic energy weapons . 
  they are light , efficient and probably cheap . 
  that looks very ... `` normal '' for an hovercraft . 
  it 's the best looking hover * thing * i 've seen , at the very least . 
  i finished the game ( with the institute ) , did i miss him somewhere ? 
  hey . 
  the jack on my phone is broken ; it can output sound through it ( with static ) , but as soon as you plug something into it random inputs are received by the cellphone until it turns itself off shortly after . 
  since i ca n't afford to replace it nor is it under warranty anymore the cheapest option to be able to keep using the device seems to be an external dac/amp . 
  sound quality there is n't a priority , simply because i listen to podcasts in an extremely noisy environment with a pair of px200-ii . 
  short of a shooting range listening conditions do n't get much worst . 
  the phone , stock nexus5 , is running the latest version of android . 
  any recommendation on a cheap , but not completely crap , dac/amp combo , that 's available in the e.u. ? 
  or any better alternative . 
  note : i have a perfectly capable flac/ogg portable reader , but it 's a huge pain to transfer new files to it , making it impractical to use for podcasts . 
  it works like a charm for music however . 
   try cleaning the jack . . 
  i 'm afraid it 's way past `` cleaning '' . 
  it 's physically broken . 
   was there a question i 'm this ? 
  err ... 
  i do n't think i understand what you are trying to say . 
  interesting . 
  what factions did oppose the full commitment to the war ? 
  the u.s. were supportive of the u.k. / allies very early but it took a pearl harbour for a full scale rollout . 
  i do n't suppose you have any more pieces against the war or supportive of the axis from the u.s. ? 
  regardless thank you very much for posting this !, 
  if you are in europe that may be because you can not sell at a loss * here . 
  this is really cool !, 
  when you mention cost efficiency are you talking about career mode/game currency or a more real world approach to cheap orbital delivery ? 
  provided you have the parts for it would n't an ssto be cheaper ? 
  considering the relatively small size and weight of your payload . 
  although your design is far more ... kerbal , 
  when in doubt : nuke it from orbit . 
  or in this case : mirv them from the roof . 
  interesting . 
  but i do n't think the parallel with switzerland is accurate . 
  historically swiss usually stays neutral more out of self preservation than apathy . 
  but i 'll conceded that assholes are a plentiful resource in switzerland  . 
  anyway , i 'll look around for some propaganda from the u.s. isolationists . 
  this looks quite curious . 
  is this movement related ( even if tangentially ) to nationalism ? 
  these posters look good , but very ... plain . 
  i 've been out of the loop of u.s. politics for a few years , but is this type of political propaganda common ? 
  they seem so ... weak . 
  the prints are very well done , but the choice of colours seems so ... uninspiring . 
  but then again i live ~ 6000km away from the us mainland , so it 's evident my perception will not be the same . 
  interesting read . 
  i was n't even aware that there ever was much of a debate . 
  polyglots are so common in mainland europe that i never thought twice . 
  thanks to linux i 've never paid for a laptop in my life :, 
  1 ) scavenge for `` broken/dead '' laptop, 
  2 ) fix it , install linux on it, 
  3 ) free laptop/server/whatever you turn it into ftw . 
  why is that ? 
  as far as i know cells ( unfortunately ) do n't come with neutron blasters and atomic twizers so my guess is that some life related process sorts up the isotopes . 
  but how and , most interestingly , why ? 
  actually the official spelling of portugal , in portuguese , is poortugal . 
  it 's relatively recent and came into force with the `` novo acordo ortogr\u00e1fico '' . 
  for some reason they decided to extend a few vowels ( like french ) , including in the spelling of the name . 
  but this has led to a bit of confusion , mostly because this change only affects the portuguese language and because there has n't yet been a generation that 's learned the new spelling . 
  as a result the now `` proper '' ( and deliciously ironic ) spelling is only seen on a few official documents and sings on public buildings . 
  there has also been a strong push back against this spelling from companies operating on the international level . 
  unfortunately i 'm on mobile , but i 'll provide links tommorow , including to the specific texts changing the spelling ( in portuguese ) . 
  but anyway , feel free to spell it * poortugal * . 
  if and when some complains just tell/remind them it 's the official and state sanctioned spelling and you are just so respectful of the nation that you use the portuguese language for the name . 
  lastly it is important to note that this is totally bullshit . 
  but please keep spelling it poortugal . 
  it 's so much better , 
  i beg to differ . 
  my pc has a microphone connected to it , can and does connect to the internet and yet does n't send anything i do n't want it to , including voice recordings . 
  now i 'll grant that it 's an increasing and worrisome trend that many network device record and broadcast things without properly disclosing it or being authorised to do so . 
  there are several ways to know this . 
  the most straightforward way is to look at what comes out of your pc . 
  how much data , if any , is being sent and received . 
  where is this data going . 
  because of what . 
  does this match with the data i have on in/outbound connection for this machine ? 
  essentially the idea is to see if what your pc is sending matches what you are asking him to send . 
   there is no way of truly know this , and i say that with my it security hat on . 
  it depends what you mean by truly , but it 's possible to get very close . 
  evidently being broke i built my pc myself ( cheaper ) . 
  i also run linux on it and almost exclusively free software ( with the exception of the nvidia drivers and a couple other small stuff ) . 
  now , as i stated in another comment , what i do is simply check what is coming out and if it matches what should be coming out . 
  i crosscheck that with the shitty , but functional , router i have and see if everything is good . 
  essentially what it boils down to is that over a period of ( x ) hours only ( y ) amount of data will be sent . 
  this amount and where it 's sent matches exactly what i except from my pc . 
  now it 's not * impossible * to get to my microphone , but it would mean hacking remotely into the router ( easy ) , changing it 's behaviour , then move down to hack into my pc ( much harder ) and changing it 's behaviour all the while never being detected , just for the sake of recording data . 
  whilst i reckon i 'm not exactly hack-proof , i 'm confident that the hassle of hacking me is greater than the benefit of whatever little my crappy mic can record . 
  and if i commit a crime law enforcement can just arrest me , seize the asset and require i divulge the password ( not in the u.s. , the authorities can demand your password here ) . 
   i did n't mean to say that all devices with microphones are transmitting/recording without permission, 
  sorry , did n't mean to misinterpret you . 
   but that it 's possible . 
  same with cameras .
