  they call us another race , but they seem to have long forgotten their own : humanity . 
  i 'm on the phone right now , but i 'll try looking around tommorow . 
  though , if i may , what do you plan to do that requieres proprietary drivers ? 
  in my exp . 
  it 's often easier to do anything but work with the amd drivers , so you might want to look for alternatives whilst you find a solution . 
  at first i fought this video was a parody because of how present and accurate some things are . 
  i may not know much ( or anything , for that matter ) about censorship in the urss but they did not seem to ( need to ) lie about the struggle of the american proletariat . 
  the american media in the video seemed much more false than the other way around , to be honest . 
  if anyone could post soviet news with translation i would love to watch/hear/read it . 
  damn you . 
  now i feel like it is my duty to do it . 
  and here i was , hoping for early sleep . 
  but if we destroy the ants , we destroy ourselves in the process ( what with the pesky ecosystem thing ) . 
  however , ants can live fine without us . 
  [ danshi koukousei no nichijou ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/11843/danshi_koukousei_no_nichijou ) because it could have gone on forever but did n't :(, 
  they aired [ okuto no ken ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/967/hokuto_no_ken ) ( and other anime , such as grendizer or saint seya ) at prime kid time ( before school in the morning or on the week-end ) in france back in the 80 's , but after many complaints ( mostly from the dubbers ) they censored it . 
  the results where hilarious . 
  i 'd love to see the japanese perspective of the dealings with europeans in the 16th century . 
  without any moe , needless fanservice or anything `` kawaii '' . 
  just a show about how japanese people felt about that . 
  i would also love to see an universe like that of code : geass or gundam 00 being more developed , with the interaction of different countries and geopolitical situations and all . 
  maybe something focused more on the mindgames like death note rather than the mecha like in gundam 00 . 
  one last thing , but that one is very personal , i would love to see an anime set entirely in a communist nation . 
  do n't think dprk or china , think urss at the time of the perestroika or at it 's inception ( what with being a direct democracy at first ) . 
  that . 
  in many ( most ? ), 
  latin based languages , there is no word for what you americans call `` cartoons '' . 
  we call them `` animated drawings '' ( dessins animes , desenhos animados , etc ) . 
  what companies like pixar and others have done to set themselves apart was to plaster `` 3d '' ( not the ridiculous glass one , the `` not being mario on nes '' one ) , `` animated '' , `` rendering '' , etc so that people would n't mix them with the `` average '' cartoon . 
  japanese shows never got that treatment . 
  they got the `` creepy cave dwelling nerd '' treatment . 
  unfortunately , most people over the age of 25 here ( portugal ) and 35 in france believe that you can not transmit emotions to an adult via an animated media . 
  you necessarily need a human of flesh and bones to do so . 
  that is the main reason that adult oriented anime ( and i do n't mean hentai ) is not taking of . 
  as far as i know , time 's `` man of the year '' means the person that has had the greatest influence and has brought the most change to the world in those years . 
  it does n't mean that the chosen person has done something incredibly good or bad , just that he has done something world-changing . 
  this may be an unpleasant question to answer , but given current rate of population decline how long would it take for the country 's population to simply disappear ? 
  are there any other known situation where a nation 's population gradually declined to the point where they simply disappeared ? 
  ( due to `` natural '' causes , not scarcity , war , diseases ) . 
  if so , what happened ? 
  yes , you could get a software terminal dysfunction . 
  just like home , only with less cheese and more cheesy . 
  ( i was born and raise in switzerland ) . 
  i was diagnosed with sever depression at the age of ten and never managed to get out of it . 
  when i was first told that obsessive behaviour or suicidal thoughts were not the norm , it came as a tremendous chock . 
  at that time , i thought that every one hated ( their ) life just like i did because i 'd always hear from the adults about how `` your life right now is awesome , wait a few year and it will become sucky '' . 
  that actually used to scare me quite a lot . 
  i just watched [ the trotsky ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1295072/?ref_=sr_1 ) this evening and really liked it . 
  it 's lighthearted but full of communists references ( flags , events , movements , etc ) . 
  i started researching into politics with the following idea :, 
  the goal of a ( hu ) man 's life is to achieve happiness . 
  since we are social beings , our happiness depends on the general happiness of the society we are inserted into . 
  given the global nature of mankind , a system that will achieve happiness for all ( or the very large majority ) must therefore be global and equitable . 
  it is also important to point out that all humans are equal in their suffering and thus it is never acceptable for a group of individuals to thrive on the suffering of others ( slavery , etc ) . 
  now that we have established that our goal is for virtually all members of the human race to achieve happiness we must turn toward the present situation :, 
  currently 1 % of the population owns 40 % of the wealth . 
  that is , 1 % of the people own 40 % of the work that is being produced . 
  the product of that work is not going toward workers ( who , by means of logic , should be the legitimate `` owners '' of it ) nor to the people who need it the most . 
  many arguments here are made by reactionaries ( people who aim at maintaining the status quo ) that the 1 % are legitimate in their ownership because they have worked for it . 
  casting aside any form of debate , ask yourself this : is it fair for a child to starve in the street of lisbon so that a banker , a lawyer or an engineer can buy jewellery to his wife ? 
  if you answered yes , read no further . 
  if you answered no , here comes the question : what to do about it ? 
  feeding that child is the solution , but you need money ( work ) to get food . 
  and who has the money ? 
  : the rich , the owners , the bourgeois . 
  so you take money from the bourgeois and give it to the hungry . 
  were this a magic world , the bourgeois would give away their money when asked and make no protest . 
  but this is not our world . 
  what will happen is that they will do all they can to strap on to their wealth , because they have been taught to do so by this culture . 
  and since they are the wealthiest they are also the most powerful ( see plutocracy ) . 
  so now you know we must take from the rich and give to the poor , because that will achieve the greatest possible happiness . 
  we also know that you can not easily take from the rich and if you try to do it alone , you will be cast by `` justice 's '' iron . 
  so now we get to the point of political parties : unions of people dedicated to promote a set of ideals . 
  keeping on with the idea stated above , there are two main parties in europe striving for that goal . 
  the name may differ , but they are usually as follow : the socialist ( or workers ) party and the communist party . 
  the socialist are moderate left-wingers ( closer to the center ) whilst communist tend to the far-left ( or radical-left ) . 
  so why go with the `` far-left nutjobs who eats children for dinner '' instead of the `` classy and moderate socialists '' ? 
  simply put , because radical times require radical measures . 
  not all countries are equal in this and it is my sincere belief that a country like sweden does not need ( and will not see ) a violent uprising but rather a peaceful transition . 
  however in portugal , spain , italy , ireland , etc. 
  the situation is quite different and change must happen now . 
  many people may not understand this , but each day that goes by and an old man starves in the streets of the old lisbon is too much already . 
  no living human , regardless of his creed or deed should be left to starve . 
  if he can work , he must be given work . 
  if he ca n't he must be healed and taught and offered work . 
  if he is a criminal , who wronged the human race , he must be punished . 
  so this is why i joined my comrades under a red banner , because i believe that our specie can achieve happiness for all and that we will never have that as long as there is a ruling elite of owners . 
  tl ; dr : simply put , it is inevitable that capitalism will fall . 
  it is also inevitable that the masses will rise and take what is theirs . 
  the question is : do we want humankind to go down with capitalism or do we want to thrive ? 
  i 've sure picked my answer . 
  robotron x ( or a similar title ) . 
  it was a top-down shooter written probably for one of the first color pc . 
  it was ported , via emulator , to windows 95 . 
  my sister 's boyfriend ( now husband ) had installed it . 
  i remember that the game did not have support for mouse but only for an odd-looking yellow port ( a mix between old printer port and vga ) to which one would connect a joystick . 
  before that i used to play a `` squash the bug '' type of game on the family 's apple ii , but i found other people who new about that game when i went to work for apple . 
  it wo n't be enough . 
  it will never be enough . 
   really , we are only as free as we can afford to be .
