  it 's been going amazingly well . 
  the big , manly warrior has gained butterfly wings , the elf will soon have a dwarven cannon and the sorcerer a pupil . 
  my players are currently amidst a total , continent wide , war . 
  but behind the veil of unity from the revolutionaries the reality of division and struggle of power is becoming apparent . 
  and their actions , willingly or not , have increasingly sided them , meaning they 'll soon face the ( literal ) dagger of political intrigue . 
  tl ; dr : if you are versed in politics and history i found this context a treat to work with . 
  op 's advise is a good one . 
  the advice on here are pretty good , but i 'd like to add that not everything yields as much science . 
  there is a chart of science/task on the wiki . 
  for example the science from a surface sample of the mun will be less than that of a sample of tylo . 
  bringing the science back is also ( often ) better , but harder . 
  i do n't entirely get this one . 
  the news text is in portuguese so i 'm guessing that this piece is from brazil . 
  but uncle sam is using the proper english onomatopoeia . 
  i 'm not sure of the message either , in terms of propaganda . 
  it 's not exactly a secret that chavez had bad relations with the us . 
  all i really understand is `` the us are happy chavez 's party is no longer in power in venezuela '' . 
  which is n't really propaganda as much as a statement of fact . 
  could someone clarify this one please ? 
  were these the original colours ? 
  it looks very dark , as though it 's lost much of it 's tint to time . 
  that asside it 's a really cool piece with a lot of history attached to it . 
  i 've been using this principle since 1.0 and it has serve me well ( when in doubt : add fins ) . 
  it has a couple limitation , however . 
  it increases drag and part count ( fps killers ) . 
  it also does not work in very low atmo or vacuum . 
  it 's a great way to make an odd thing fly , but proper rocket design should be preferred . 
  but it looks more ... kerbaly ? 
  cooler !, 
   stabilizing a first stage designed to blast through the lower atmo for deltav savings are the only practical uses i can think of . 
  this may be a bit of a noob question but is it more effective to blast through the atmosphere than a normal ascent ? 
  given that more powerful engines are heavier and drag increases with speed i would have thought that going slower would be more efficient . 
  but then again spending more time in the `` soup '' means your engine 's isp is lower and you ca n't use the most efficient ones . 
  that 's a very `` preaching to the choir '' piece . 
  it 's relatively well done , but will serve to strengthen your own ideals , not convert people . 
  i try to leave personal opinion out of this sub but for an e.u. 
  federalist like myself this piece makes me want to punch someone . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how much this applies to other people , however . 
  do you think this piece could help turn someone against the e.u. 
  i think of slovenia as a relatively quite and pretty place . 
  a bit on the chilly side . 
  but to be honest i know little about it besides several postcard style pictures and images of it 's large cities . 
  however i would n't associate it with the typical balkan stereotype * cough * bosnia * cough * . 
  sadly i 've never had the chance to travel to slovenia . 
  what little i know about it , including the weather , comes largely from slovenians i met . 
  they were remarking that winters are rather cold , but this is very subjective evidently . 
  i would agree that many are aggressive , to say the least , but they may be the product of their context . 
  these posters would be pretty bad at what they are trying to do in france or estonia , but the culture is extremely different than that of the us ( and , to some degree , the uk ) . 
  i think it really is dependent on you as a gm and on what your players expect . 
  personally i 've come to the conclusion that i want my player to be able to be what they like . 
  at first i was a bit too ... monolithic , but now even the rules of physics can bend . 
  i will let my player start the campaign however they like , but i will advise against certain choices ( tiefling , drow , etc ) . 
  the only thing is that the party must be somewhat balanced to avoid chain killing the same player at every fight or make fight dulls for everyone else . 
  one of my current players wanted to start with a nasty gangrene on his arm . 
  evidently he had to cut it off soon after . 
  but some times later the sorcerer taught him `` mage hand '' and he learned to change it into an ethereal arm . 
  this was his idea the entire way and was really cool , but not at all supposed to happen in that context , or even `` lore friendly '' . 
  tl ; dr : d&d is about everyone enjoying themselves . 
  if the best way for you is to forbid some races , go ahead . 
  if you want a free for all that 's fine too . 
  talk to the player , get everyone on the same page and have plenty of fun !, 
  oh this is awesome . 
  good thing i 'm paying 2month worth of wage per year , for three years , to the state university , for a degree to work for the e.u. 
  clearly this will never be a bad decision . 
  i 'll just trust ger ~ ~ nazi ~ ~ many to ~ ~ anschluss ~ ~ unite all of us in ordung . 
  as an asside portuguese do n't say `` hue '' . 
  i 've been living in poortugal for 10 years and i 've never read a portuguese use it . 
  haha . 
  thank you for giving me a good laugh . 
  and the confusion is understandable . 
  they are right next to us . 
  or are those the spanish ? 
  or it could bring back the moor ... 
  `` is it a rocket ? '', 
  `` yeah , but ... '', 
  `` is it on the mun ? '', 
  `` well , yes , but there is a prob ... '', 
  i recently started playing as dio , the metal bard !, 
  a gnome bard that plays power metal and attacks people by calling them the `` c '' word ( cameron ) . 
  he is n't an annoying trickster that 'll doom the party but a leather clad badass that wants to tell the tales of great heroes and foul creatures . 
  he 'll share the loot and help his friend , boosting their might through powerful voice and shredding guitar . 
  there where/are protocols in place for soviet/russian agents on what to do in case of a nuclear attack from their side . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't link to more details but the reality for those agents was pretty grim . 
  i suppose most nuclear capable states have similar provisions in place . 
  i think it 's perfectly proportionate to the task of bringing back the mun . 
  why bother with just landing there when you can have it all . 
  this looks like a very nice place to hold nuclear tests . 
  shame if anything were to happen to that city . 
   did you consider that maybe brazil is familiar with american onomatopoeia ? 
  they watch the simpsons too , you know . 
  i might , provided you consider that i 'm fluent in portuguese and taught english to brazilians . 
  that 's a fake !, 
  you can clearly see the flag is of canada , not minmus . 
  what now skeptics ? 
  check-mate !, 
  as an asside good job landing upright . 
  it 's always a pain to land on light ( mass wise ) bodies . 
  that 's an odd one . 
  the paris commune , important ( or not ) as it may be , was n't successful . 
  to pay homage to those that fell i 'd understand .
