  i did have a gameboy colour later , which was pretty cool . 
  i was a bit old when pok\u00e9mon came out , but still enjoyed the hell out of it . 
  ahh ... 
  my first pc was a macintosh 2 , around 1993 . 
  i played the hell out of lemmings , even though i sucked at it ( but to be fair , i was a kid ) . 
  the soviet space programm and general pro-peace propaganda is , too me , one of the best propaganda campaign of the past century . 
  it 's effect where so great that it reached far beyond the borders of the union and completely succeeded in shaping the though of the people . 
  i could go on about it for pages , but i 'll spare my fingers . 
  i 'll say that it always make me smile that one of the greatest and most effective campaign of propaganda was centred around peace , unity and science ( used , in reality , to serve other purposes ... sadly ) . 
  with the exception of the toy industry flag i thought the others were all quite good and solid contestant had they entered the contests . 
  i hope to see more of your work . 
  the message is n't all that bad ( for propaganda purposes ) . 
  it 's slightly funny but tries to make a parallel . 
  granted it 's two completely unrelated situations but then again : propaganda . 
  i do n't like the looks of it , however . 
  it 's not intuitive looking ( requires reading ) , is subjectively ugly and equally unappealing . 
  to be frank i 've never heard anyone bring up the native americans ( of north america that is ) in a political debate in europe . 
  it 's just not something that the average people thinks - or care about - i suppose . 
  maybe something along the lines of `` the roman empire was brought down by hordes of barbarian . 
  do n't let europe fall back to the dark ages once again . 
  vote for [ insert fascist party name ] ! '' . 
  not only is the roman empire more relevant in europe , specially italy , but it 's imagery is often ~ ~ shamelessly taken out of context ~ ~ used by far right groups . 
  it 's still completely bullshit compared to reality , but hey : propaganda . 
  very interesting . 
  my italian is a bit basic so i did n't do deeper research , but you brought a very good point . 
  that seems more like a civ5 mod or a poster for a bad 50 's movie than real propaganda . 
  it 's not badly done or anything and it 's decent for it 's time , but my modern eyes have a hard time taking it seriously . 
  not a timeless piece i 'm afraid . 
  piracy can and is also highly motivated by income . 
  a person in moldova with a median income will be far less likely to be able to spend the same amount of money as someone from switzerland with an equally median income . 
  i understand why the prices tend to be the same online , but it still irks me to hear a us 's company executive that makes  10 ' 000 $ a month in a country with a comparatively high average wage complain that eastern europeans are pirating his companies game when they are selling them at a prices close to a local month 's rent . 
  you can repurpose an old laptop . 
  i use  decade old hardware for almost everything i do . 
  my server is a '07 laptop with a dead gpu , that i got for free . 
  my personal laptop , for example , has 768mb of ram and a monocore 1.6 ghz cpu . 
  and so long as it works i have no plan on changing it . 
  if you are a bit creative you can put together something for the price of a few phone calls . 
  evidently it 's better to buy proper hardware , but you can do without . 
   what if you house burns down ? 
  is n't half the point of a cloud service redundancy ? 
  good point . 
  i 'm a special case but for most people you can either pay for a safe cloud storage or use a free one ( box , dropbox , google ) and encrypt yours files before uploading ( impractical , imo ) . 
  you can also go old school and make a hard copy that you store in a separate location ( also impractical ) . 
  note that this will not protect you from having your data captured by third party or against a targeted attack . 
  it will , if done right , protect against mass surveillance . 
  excellent point . 
  30 % of the time i wo n't be using more than a couple gig , leaving 10 free . 
  however i might want to have said gig free in case i need to run several virtual machines . 
  java is , for example , a great ram hog . 
  gaming , although i do n't do much of it , also takes inordinate amounts of ram ( ~ 8gb , depending on mods ) . 
  i already use my ram as swap , no point in purposefully and pointlessly filling it . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what your question is here . 
  very good one . 
  simple and clear message and appeals to positive values ( for the time and place ) . 
  honour , duty , manliness . 
  no fear mongering `` we are going to get stomped by stalin '' or provocation `` do n't be a sissy and join the army '' . 
  no guilt trip either . 
  i like it , very well done . 
  good find . 
   meanwhile on linux :, 
   `` do n't want to update something because reasons ? 
  fine , whatever , it 's your machine , do what you want , i do n't care . '', 
  there are many things i love about linux , specially debian . 
  one of my favourite is that , when something goes wrong ( which does n't happen that often in all fairness ) , i do n't need to look very far to know where the issue came from . 
  if and when it goes awry the problem and solution will invariably be between the keyboard and chair . 
  there are plenty of places like it in central europe . 
  provided you have e.u. 
  citizenship - or enough money , you can move to any one of them . 
  apple themselves run osx server inside virtual machines , with rhl running on the hardware . 
  is there some context for this piece ? 
  i imagine this being distributed to people `` on the fence '' or already active members , as it very much gives a `` preaching to the choir '' feel . 
  do n't worry , i had players get pissed off at a door or run away from a ac1 wearfrog . 
  ... or get handed a secret letter just to try to open it and break the magic seal , thus blasting themselves . 
  excellent piece on a terribly complex subject . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  so i just finished my first game with this civ . 
  it 's very fun and a great civ to play wide and just steamroll everyone . 
  it 's clearly overpowered on land but oh so much fun to play a blood thirsty destroyer of world 's . 
  thank you for making one of the most fun civilisation for the game !, 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i know the soviet did some advanced research into ekranoplanes but their design was quite different . 
  the wing specifically seem oddly shaped for this kind of craft , but then again fluid dynamics is mind bogglingly complex . 
  i also enjoyed black bullet , despite it 's many short comings . 
  a certain event near the end ( spoilers tag are a pain on mobile ) made me drop the show however . 
  i have a tendency for depression and kids are off limit when it comes to bad stuff happening . 
  good show , would recommend if you have a stronk heart and can look over a bit of loli . 
  this is definitely cool . 
  a question comes to mind however ... what 's that probe for ? 
  my guess is that it 's meant to land on laythe or eve , but i 'm not sure it would decelerate enough . 
  it 's also important to note that this emanates from the parliament , not the commission . 
  i wonder if the commission , at the behest of the council , could enact something superseding national agreements . 
  i do n't know exactly how much power the e.u has in this area . 
  although i doubt extradition would be easy , as it would infringe upon the eu charter . 
  his best bet is likely to be france ( though recent legislation - hadopi , lopsi , shitty - makes me unsure ) or a nordic country ( although they have been acting weird lately ... see tpb or wikileaks affair ) . 
  they did learn first hand the pitfall of taking bigotry and racism to it 's apex . 
  because of the nazi the german suffered tremendously . 
  it 's well that they are here to remind the rest of europe what those ideas bring about . 
  woaw . 
  i 'll have to test the gameplay tommorow , but the art i saw so far is gorgeous . 
  those splash screen ...
