  i then used said profit to spread chaos , commissioned a huge navy and wiped every one of those backstabbing warmongering back to oblivion . 
  i 'm going to guess that the name comes from how much time ( krono ) you spend on it . 
  nice room , if a bit too minimalistic for my taste . 
  8/10 would move to your house . 
  i would guess it 's illegal e.u. 
  wide . 
  it would be interesting to have a couple ( hundreds ) of mail arrive in the inbox of those company siting the legal article relevant to this , as well as a couple of legal cases . 
  unfortunately e.u. 
  law is n't the easiest to navigate so only someone with some knowledge of it could do that ( and post here the text so the masterrace can reuse it ) . 
  in france they ca n't . 
  but i 'm afraid this is country specific and not ( yet ) part of a bigger agreement . 
  i hope i 'm wrong though and it 's valid in the uk too . 
  size is overrated : with love from switzerland ( or nepal/the vatican ) . 
  i found that much of the joy and fun of linux is understanding it . 
  try new stuff , brake all the drivers , read ` man ' and fix it . 
  however once you know how to do something to the point where it 's mindless work then it 's just dull and you want to avoid doing it . 
  i 'm in no way knowledgeable about linux but basic things ( drivers , desktop , repositories and simple servers ) are more of a chore than anything . 
  personally i do n't mind buying early access games , so long as the asking price corresponds to what i 'm getting at that time . 
  that is : i do n't buy an early access game unless what i get at the time of purchase is , imo , worth the price . 
  in doing so you guarantee that , at worst , you got something that you wanted and felt was worth that amount . 
  of course that means i buy very few early access games . 
  but to be fair i buy few games in general . 
  as someone who is still often using a monocore p4 this hits right in the feels . 
  even my main machine 's cpu , ram & mobo are 7 + years old . 
  my 7 years old pc , at the time boosting an hd4870 , could run gtav . 
  even today , after a 200 $ gpu upgrade ( gtx960 ) , less than half the price of a console , it can run any game on the market with decent fps and settings , be it on linux or windows . 
   it also runs like a dog on my 3 year old pc which has never had a problem with any other game to date . 
  my 7 year old pc ( with an upgraded gpu , however ) runs it just fine . 
  you may want to check some of the settings , turn them down . 
  also checking the integrity on steam may be worth a try . 
  of course that ultimately depends on your setup . 
  a single 1080p is far easier to run than tri-4k . 
  checking the temperature and cooling might be a good idea too . 
  hope this helps . 
  ` tis but the kerbal way . 
  why did you bring so many solar panels ? 
  big enough that they needed a six wheel drive rally car . 
  oh dear god ... 
  this is almost as bad as ` murica . 
  this may be a bit of an extreme solution but i 've fixed all the crashes i had on ksp by switching to the 64bits version on linux . 
  the ( heavily modded ) game runs better on my ~ 7 years old q6600 than on most i7 with windows and 32bits . 
  obviously if you do n't want to use linux you could wait for a stable x64 version for windows and use it then . 
  1080p on console is worrisome . 
  that means it 'll likely feature ( comparatively ) poor graphics to be able to run at those resolutions . 
  then again when skyrim came out it did n't feature the best graphics but the game was gorgeous nonetheless . 
  and mods made it all the better . 
  edit : i was a bit unclear . 
  what i meant is that by pushing the res . 
  to 1080p on weaker machines it 'll likely mean than the pc version wo n't be as good - graphic wise - as it would be were it to be at 720p on consoles . 
  however the modding community will likely remedy this ( see previous bethesda games ) . 
  that 's more than a decent new car costs . 
  hell , a second hand bmw or audi is n't that expensive !, 
  the craftsmanship likely justify the price , but it 's still mighty expensive . 
  you genius . 
  brb , buying a car . 
  and paint . 
  lots and lots of paint . 
  at any good drydock . 
  or , more seriously , on fetlife/local fetish dating site . 
  so google had hired someone someone and taken the time to translate the page properly , something often overlooked , but instead of properly configuring their server to give a `` coming soon '' they bug out ( ca n't imagine it being intensional ) and give a 404 . 
  that 's an astonishing mix of good work , effort , screwup and laziness . 
  you are pretty much on point . 
  from afar they look quite similar , specially since their second model , but many small incremental changes make them ultimately different . 
  sysadmins ( engineers ) have a saying : `` if it ai n't broken : do n't fix it '' . 
  i guess the same is true here . 
  they have a design that works so rather than change radically and face tons of issues and costs better build on it . 
  just look at porsche . 
  next step will be to ally with russia , take berlin , cut it in half and give half to russia . 
   a coming soon would n't really be relevant since this particular style is not likely to ever come to european markets . 
  fair point . 
  however i maintain that 404 is not the appropriate message . 
  a `` not available in your location '' or something akin would be far clearer . 
  that 's ... well ... shirou could have been a women , or even genderless , it would n't change anything to the point . 
  i mean ... japan produces a lot of sexist stuff but this adaptation of ubw is n't a good example of that . 
  i 'm usually fairly open to cultural criticism and gender equality but this is ... silly . 
  it pointless , full of falacies and simply a bad representation or reality . 
  you ca n't translate values from north america into japan so easily . 
  this reviewer may have encountered angra manyu . 
   pirates seek to go the same route as portugal when it comes to drug policy . 
  poortugal can into relevant !, 
  i 'm not german but there is one trope about ww2 germany that i 'm very tired of : the `` evil '' german people being overly supportive of the nsdap ( nazi party ) . 
  yes there were plenty of nazi supporter before the war and a few still after but life in gernazi in the 40 's was n't all gay . 
  the gestapo was n't exactly a byword for `` ministry of fun '' . 
  to put it simply if i were in a position to either support the war effort by going to front/working in a factory/working for the party ( government ) or see my children shot in front of me ( or worse ) you bet your ass i 'm going to work in the bloody factory and even sing praises to hitler . 
  braver ( german ) people tried to take down the fuhrer , but regrettably failed . 
  so yeah , nazi were assholes , to put it mildly , but being a german in the 40 's did n't make you a nazi . 
  thank you a thousand time for posting `` us only '' in your title . 
  you saved many folks quite a bit of time . 
  have a well deserved upvote !, 
  the car , be it 2k or 20k , is only a sliver of the budget . 
  i wo n't go into details but filming their stunts was expensive !, 
  however they can do nearly the same for a far smaller budget , so long as they make some sacrifices . 
  smaller teams , no ( or less ) celebrities , smaller wages , less insanely expensive cars ( insurances ) , filming limited to one country ( uk ) or region ( eu ) , etc. 
  would you get a diplomatic penalty for capturing ( and keeping ) the city ? 
  you are n't exactly fighting a player . 
  i think a nuke could have also worked . 
  imagine : in order to cut costs wb thinks `` what if i just made one really big hole . 
  sure , many ( games ) will be caught in the blast and the area will be ( pr ) toxic for years , but it 'll be quick a cheap . 
  however they outsourced the nuke building and its 60sec . 
  timer got capped at 30 .
