  ca n't wait to try it out . 
  hopefully it will work fine ( on linux , running the pre-bison version ) . 
  that 's a bad one . 
  not easily understandable , in fact needs reading to understand at all . 
  ca n't be understood from far away and is n't compelling in the way out transmits information . 
  this is a bad poster and whoever approved it should feel shame . 
  this looks like something the soviet would have built . 
  need to lift a heavier payload ? 
  more engines !, 
  now just add some fuel for them . 
  and some more engines to compensate for the fuel . 
  and some more fuel for the new engines ... and so forth . 
  it 's impressive that you managed to put this fps guzzling beast in orbit . 
  what was the payload ? 
  it depends who the target audience is . 
  if it 's your average console player then they just want something simple , they wo n't care about linux or fps ( within reason ) . 
  the games are many , as much or more than most of the gaming consoles currently of the market . 
  and cheaper . 
  if the games work they do n't go looking at frame per second charts . 
  on the other hand the early adopters and more dedicated fan will likely notice and be , rightfully , disappointed . 
  i 've had a very positive experience gaming on nvidia on linux , but i learned to hate amd with a burning passion . 
  i do n't know if they could but recommending nvidia could have benefited the consumer . 
  good point . 
  even if , hypothetically , you create a perfect system for tracking and spying , it does n't make it beneficial . 
  the goal of a society should be it 's own well being and i very much doubt mass surveillance will be beneficial , even if it partially or totally works . 
  personal freedom must have limits , but also need to exist . 
  i believe it would ultimately be bad for a society to oppress itself into being `` free of crime '' . 
  and that 's how the cute little elf my warrior is eyeing is gon na end . 
  i 've had radeon cards ever since the 9500 . 
  i started running linux in 2006/7 and amd has been a constant thorn on all machines . 
  however i 've not had the opportunity to work on anything past the hdxxxx generation , so i can believe it 's gotten far better . 
  i 'm not interested in going back but if the new cards work then great , have at it !, 
  more options is always better . 
  and i suppose that prebuilt steam machines with amd cards must have good drivers , else it would be suicidal from a business perspective . 
  sometimes i ask myself of the anime are getting , in general , worst or if ( most likely ) i just got older . 
  in the early 2000 i would watch all animes i could get my hands on , no matter how poor the image quality . 
  nowadays with easy access to all shows , with quality translation and the fact that it 's hard to relate to characters half your age i find myself watching few shows . 
  this season , for example , i only picked one punch man . 
  the reality is ikely that there simply is more anime available in the west and that a lot of the bad stuff we never saw now appears . 
  but there are still plenty of awesome shows and i 'll punch whoever says that `` anime is dead '' . 
  and maybe , as one watches more shows made by one culture , one gets weary of some tropes . 
  very good post to link to , a recommended read . 
  good piece . 
  if i may wonder though , why the white circle ? 
  the netherlands has a long maritime tradition so something seafaring related could have been more interesting . 
  but then again this may be a symbol of the netherlands , so please excuse my poor knowledge if it is . 
  this is a nice piece . 
  easy to understand . 
  the image is not very striking from afar , however . 
  any idea how big the original prints where ? 
  i also find it interesting that there is n't a flag on the independence side . 
  would that be artistic or propaganda ? 
  my rogue try pickpocketing a random person in the street of the capital . 
  `` roll sleigh of hand : 15 '' . 
  ok , you get to steal under the guards nose . 
  roll loot `` 1 '' . 
  you get a half full bottle of wine . 
  he then rolls to know the contents `` 20 '' . 
  it 's piss . 
  and from it 's smell you know the men 's exact diet for the past week . 
  mostly alcohol . 
  i had a wood elf monk stab a weretiger . 
  in the buttocks . 
  with her long staff . 
  from below . 
  the beast was n't happy . 
  of what year ? 
  if it 's a local server that 's not connected to the internet that 's fine . 
  i came to discover that many people with a home server actually have then offline ( although this has been changing ) . 
  you can use it as a small heater . 
  or a fancy paperweight . 
  that 's quite interesting . 
  would you happen to have a few good articles/sources on the subject on hand ? 
  the law applies to all search engines . 
  in practice , however , only google will ( relatively ) easily remove content . 
  also , whilst some domain may not remove the content for now the e.u. 
  has that very issue in it 's scope , so that may come to change . 
  arch seems oddly popular for a distro that 's not so easy to get working . 
  but then again this is a poll on tech forums , likely with a large population of power users . 
  `` roll for sphincter diameter '' . 
  to be honest i had good l laughs seeing people 's reaction to fatal . 
  i 'm currently running the experimental build . 
  it 's not 100 % there but gives me d/v and creates nodes , which is pretty much what i wanted . 
  portugal can into poortugal ? 
  that 's ... unexpected . 
  from a propaganda point of view it 's pretty good . 
  however the idea of abuse against women is so tied to the perception of saudi arabia that it 's hard to take this piece honestly , at least from the outside . 
  it 's great that it exists and i 'm sure not everyone in the country is a woman abusing ass , but it just feels ... ironic . 
  choosing pre-podler netherlands as a map type may not have been your brightest move . 
  at least you should have gone with enrico and founded venice . 
  my poor old q6600@3.4 already cries tears of semiconductor blood when running the game . 
  it probably would vomit one of its core if i were to put any visual mods . 
  on the plus side my gpu ( gtx960 ) is understressed and i can allocate all the ram ksp wants to eat ( linux - hope you windows folks get 64 bits soon ) . 
  i 've been dming for a group , starting about 6 month ago ( ~ 200h play time ) . 
  when we started it was everyone 's first time with pen and paper rpgs . 
  i barely understood the rules or tools ( roll20 ) . 
  i was the noobiest of gms . 
  and they put up with me learning , showing up every week , largely on time . 
  they have been an awesome group . 
  we are now on our third campaign .
