  be wary that japanese tea is expensive !, 
  edit : spelling, 
  open areas to sit down and have a chat with random people . 
  i often meet cool new people by just sitting down at a table and starting to chat . 
  it 's pretty much what happens if gundam and star trek had a child . 
  whilst it is n't `` da best anime evar !! 1 ! '', 
  it 's one of the most enjoyable show i 've watched . 
  bonus points for the production value . 
  depending on the country you are in you can download a fansubed version ( or the original , if you are so inclined ) perfectly legally . 
  i know it does n't give money to the creators , sadly . 
  anyway , if they ever launch a decent version i can buy i 'll definitely check it !, 
  though unlikely , it has happened , notably in the soviet union where peasants were relocated to the city . 
   etuva spinning her illegally imported japanese junk food, 
  sorry if this sounds silly , but why is it illegal ? 
  the show i 'm waiting for the most is genshiken ... because i have no friends i can meet irl . 
  it makes my heart all warm and fuzzy for 20min . 
  then i spend one hour crying . 
  i 'd say the best way to meet new people interested in anime/cosplay/other are cons . 
  most country have at least one per year . 
  i , for once , love to just sit down at a table and hang-out with folks or just play some board-game/tgc with random folks . 
  you can also check on local forums for your nation/state or on fansub groups for your language ( unless it 's english , english being too universal ) . 
  finally , if you are still in school just try to chat around with people and see if anyone is interested . 
  one of the biggest university here has large and active minecraft & magic the gathering groups , for example . 
  thanks , 
  like most tgc you need three things :, 
  - money, 
  - people to play with, 
  - did i already mentioned money ? 
  check if there is a [ wizard of the coast ] ( http://company.wizards.com/ ) store near you . 
  and a bank to rob , too . 
  there is no portuguese word for tea . 
  when referring to tea they use the mandarin ( chinese ) word `` cha '' . 
  forgive my ignorance , but what exactly is `` knifrplay '' ? 
  well , if you can get me a job with a 42.1 % unemployment rate i 'd be happy to work . 
  i 'm sure the people in bulgaria with an average wage of 416 $ must be very lazy , too . 
  they really should work harder !, 
  i have the exact same card and another amd of the 4xxx line and have the exact same issues . 
  on 13.04 i have to use open-source drivers which do n't work too well with games or graphic apps ( no problem for videos though ) . 
  i 'm still immensely grateful to the dedicated people bringing those . 
  it 's tough work !, 
  on 12.04 the drivers work ... though i seem to have issues with some games ( killing floor , for example ) . 
  for some reason i can run tf2/l4d2 in full graphics without much issue but kf barely runs : /, 
  anyway ,, 
   i 'll be buying nvidia from now on . 
  i do n't know if this was mentioned already but sometimes `` low-level '' players can actually be quite experienced . 
  there is a bug , linux specific as far as i know , that resets xp gain upon leaving/finishing a game . 
  i almost always have to explain this when i go into hard servers as a lvl0 commando in order to avoid being kicked . 
  whilst i fully agree that commercial pornography needs to be ban because it is exploitation of humans , much like prostitution , i 'm not in favor of a complete ban on pornographic material . 
  it is often overlooked that people will choose to display themselves in sexual context without any financial need or interest . 
  so called `` amateur '' pornography does exist and , as far as i can see , is not exploitation of humans . 
  an example of this would be the question of nude paintings/drawings . 
  i see no problem with an artist creating from his mind an imagery that involves nude bodies , even in sexual positions . 
  it is a form of artistic expression . 
  it only goes against what communism stands for , as far as my understanding goes , if it promotes oppressive behavior . 
  the second example is about bdsm . 
  i 'm most definitely a marxist and have the greatest respect for all humans , male , female and others . 
  however i enjoy practicing , in the privacy of a bedroom , a dominant role . 
  in those moment i have probably done and said things , as a man to a woman , that could be seen as oppressive . 
  but it was hot and we both liked it . 
  and i would see no problem sharing that experience with others , even in video format , because none of the people involved are being exploited , victim of oppression or condemning the oppression of the weaker . 
  now , i realize the many possible abuse allowing for non-commercial/non-exploitative pornography can lead too , but i do n't see censoring all sexual imagery as the solution . 
  healthy education and decent standard of living for all is , imo , a better way to go . 
  tl ; dr : i 'm against commercial ( or any kind of exploitative ) pornography but i do n't see any reason to prevent people from sharing and experiencing their sexuality in a healthy way . 
  edit : grammar, 
   what you describe as the non-oppressive porn is usually called erotica , fyi . 
  til , thank you . 
  air gear - the show [ air gear tiny spoiler ] ( / s `` simply stops '' ) . 
  it was probably canceled due to low audience or something like that but i think it would have made a great shonen . 
  i 'd simply rewrite it by continuing it * a la * soul eater or bleach or just following straight from the manga . 
  i 've endured the past decade with depression . 
  it is not cool , edgy , quirky or otherwise . 
  it 's utter and complete shit and i 'll tear out the limbs of anyone of anyone who says they wish they were `` depressed '' and proceed to beat their arrogant ass . 
  hobby/enthusiast store owner , somewhere in northern europe or a safe area of the u.s. just spending the day nerding out with customers and nights building custom hardware ... what a dream ... 
  i do n't know how scientifically accurate this is , but i 've been told in med-school that condoms are n't very good at preventing pregnancies . 
  supposedly they are best at preventing std , but to avoid babies ( or abortions ) you should go with birth control . 
  can anyone with knowledge in the area ( no pun intended ) confirm this ? 
  thank you very much . 
  those `` comics '' are worth learning french in and out of themselves . 
  in the same way that manga are worth learning japanese for some people . 
  whilst it is understandable , too bad there is n't a linux version , would have definitely purchased the game . 
  oh well , to those getting it : enjoy . 
  nge - i originaly watched the french dub when i was around 14 and barely had heard of anime . 
  i thought the `` graphics '' were cool , but that was about it . 
  a decade later i rewatched it - subbed in english - and loved it . 
  do n't quote me on this , but i think mojang also had issues with them at the very beginning . 
  if i remember correctly they actually recruited someone who 's first job was to get that money `` back '' . 
  considering the progression is exponential i wonder how many more it would take to reach space . 
  whilst i would never buy an apple product myself i can understand the reasons behind some of the things you mention . 
   all that ` instinctual ' stuff - utter bollocks . 
  i 'd just like to be able to save my documents where i want to save them . 
  apple 's logic , as of 2011 onward ( maybe earlier , but i would n't know ) , has been that the customer is most likely not very computer literate . 
  they prefer to limit , drastically , your ability to tinker . 
  whilst this is indeed very annoying for some users it actually fits in perfectly with the majority of consumers . 
  the end result of this is a controlled experience where you 'll only ( or at least mostly ) get top notch quality ... provided you can afford it . 
  i would also add that apple 's customer support is quite above that of other companies . 
  at least when it comes to helping non-techsavy folks . 
   it 's such a crock - they make their products with a guaranteed shelf life and a built in obsolescence . 
  whilst i do n't have any evidence proving the contrary , my experience with a large (  1000 ) number of their products is that they do n't so much have a designed `` flaw '' as much as they are made to resist the `` normal '' use for a defined period . 
  for mobile devices that would be for a period of aprox . 
  3 years ( again based only on my limited experience ) .
