  those were exactly what i was looking for . 
  thank you very much !, 
   there probably are n't enough rukh on an entire planet to create any sort of substantial black hole, 
  this depends on what rukh is . 
  if the rukh has no energy or mass then there potentially a near infinite amount of it . 
  if you can gather enough of it and then convert it using gravity magic you can , in theory , create a `` large '' ( pebble sized ) black hole that would be enough to rip the earth into pieces , suck the moon in ( eventually ) and destabilize the entire solar system . 
   considering you need a giant stars worth normally, 
  you can create a black hole out of anything , in theory . 
  however a black hole too small would `` evaporate '' `` instantly '' . 
  creating a beam of gamma radiation to fry anything in it 's path would be need . 
  you can also create bio weapon with life magic . 
  another interesting possibility is to manipulate clusters of matter/atoms ( think strength + light magic ) in order to create chemical weapons from the soil . 
  for example extracting the chlorine from salt ( sea water ) to create chlorine gas . 
  it 's been several years since i 've studied physics but if my memory serves me right a black hole is never truly stable . 
  it takes more or less time to `` evaporate '' into hawking radiation depending on it 's size , but should , in theory , eventually be gone . 
  as far as i know black holes only occurs as a result of a very large star collapsing at the end of it 's life or at the center of galaxies . 
  all in hole i believe you are correct in stating that the smallest natural occurrence of black holes are star 's death . 
  though there are several very quirky way to create them ( you can , for example , accelerate an object near enough the speed of light where it will collapse into a singularity ) . 
  take this with a grain of salt though , it 's been a good five year since i studied that stuff and have n't touch on it since . 
  you may want to head to / r/askscience for a more accurate explanation . 
  on the [ frontpage ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1xszc4/what_started_out_as_a_protest_for_students_ended/ ) there is a post caliming that venezuela 's media are disallowed to cover the protests . 
  is this true ? 
  i would also like to hear the opinion of a comrade from the region . 
  i 'm far too uninformed about the situation in venezuela to understand what is going on . 
  it would not surprise me that young people in the country have genuine grievances as i would imagine life there might be harsher than in first world countries . 
  however i have a feeling that they are targeting the wrong `` enemy '' . 
  i sincerely hope the efforts of comrade hugo chavez are not going to be wasted through pressure from imperialist nations . 
  thank you for sharing this . 
  i had not seen it before . 
   `` would it matter ? '', 
  yes , most definitely yes . 
  as comrade / u/rabbimike pointed out , access to the internet is fairly limited in venezuela . 
  the `` mainstream '' media are therefore the main way for people to get informed . 
   media is a weapon in the class war . 
  this is most definitely true and very well exemplified in the early days of the ussr . 
   why are attempts by the venezuelan state to guide media wrong when their goal is to produce a narrative that advances the power of the less well-off ? 
  guiding media toward forwarding the cause of the proletariat is something i 'm a supporter off , but not of suppressing information . 
  the way information is presented is paramount and should always serve the proletariat , but information is itself necessary to the cause . 
  again , i 'm poorly informed about venezuela so i ca n't comment on the media there . 
  i would however be curious to know if indeed censorship has occurred and to what extent and purpose . 
  an example of what i 'm trying to say would be for the news agency to acknowledge and broadcast the protest as well as the authorities reactions to it but not in the way it is portrayed in most western medias . 
  simply showing that yes , some people are taking to the streets and here are their claims , why they are or are not valid , who their backers are and what the official response is . 
  how much of an issue was g.w. 
  bush ? 
  i heard he was a bit of a laughing stock from people working for the european side of nato . 
  how much of your job involves cleaning up the mess made by elected officials ? 
  that 's an easy one . 
  the french dub for saint seya '' * les chevaliers du zodiac * '' . 
  episodes cut in half because of censorship by the dub team , text changed because of censorship by the dub team and one of the worst translation work i 've ever seen . 
  * attaque electronique * ... seriously guys ... 
  it makes sense for companies to pay , however . 
  unless you are running an inherently secure system you 'll need some software and good free options are often only free for particulars . 
  you may also get support , which is good of you do n't have dedicated it . 
  and also some insurance/certification . 
  speed and network quality are n't the only important factors for consumers . 
  here , in portugal , we 've had 4g for years and our network is pretty solid but until recently very few could afford to use it . 
  in some cases one gigabyte of data could cost upwards of a million euro . 
  i think it 's far better to have an affordable slow-ish 3g network than a lightning fast 4g network that 's unattainable for most everyone . 
  is n't `` pain '' ? 
  its '' \u00e3o '' , to be precise . 
  a unique phoneme to the portuguese language . 
  it 's said to be one if the hardest to master and it took me at least a year to be able to use it naturally . 
  look for the pronounciation of words like c\u00e3o , p\u00e3o and jo\u00e3o , or on the wiki . 
  also check `` lhe '' , the hardest thing to pronounce i no off . 
  i 've been living in portugal for 7 years , it took me a couple of month to be fluent ... 
  but those damn `` lhe '' ... arrgg ... 
  i refuse to say `` pilhas '' ( if misspronounced it means `` dick '' ) . 
  i 'm fairly confident its `` pain '' . 
  french is my native language , albeit not my best , but you 'll find that the larousse ( a reputable french dictionary ) agrees with me on this one . 
  `` pila '' = dick , here ... got me a couple of weird looks that one . 
  and tell jo\u00e3o i sent a hug . 
  only 7 $ ? 
  last time i was there a menu would be ~ 20 $ . 
  forgive my ignorance , but what exactly is a trade school ? 
  it sounds like an apprenticeship , like they had ( and , presumably , still have ) in germany . 
  regardless , i remember reading an article about the fact that people with a 9-5 job where happier . 
  i personally far prefer to have an office job with fixed schedule than a higher paid job . 
  good on you for choosing life quality over money . 
  that sounds like you may be obsessing a little . 
  whilst i do n't condemn what you are doing at all , i actually think this must be pretty entertaining , you should be careful not to let things `` get out of hand '' . 
  having a time-eating ( chronophage ? ), 
  hobby is awesome but be careful not to let it take over your obligation ( eating , hygiene , etc ) . 
  keep in mind that what you are doing is fictional and if you feel it 's taking over you may want to consider asking for professional help . 
  ahh , that 's very much like apprenticeship were back when i was in switzerland . 
  the system was buckling however . 
  anyway , good for you . 
  i wish you all the happiness in the world . 
  i wonder why they put nutmeg branches for portugal . 
  i would understand vines or corck , or even aloe vera ( although i 'm not sure if it was already present in the nation at the time and how wide spread it was ) . 
  that 's a lot of snow for five degrees !, 
  does it get much colder during the night ? 
  if not is that common to have that much snow ? 
  usually with 5 degrees mid-day i only see a couple of frozen ponds in the morning and maybe some small pieces of ice here and there . 
  many countries , especially in the eu , mandate that companies provide a set amount of training every year , for free , to their employee . 
  it then makes sense for the company to offer their employ a training that 's going to help them with their job . 
  their could also be the situation where a new standard/system is going to be/is being implemented and you want all your employees to know how to work with it . 
  happened at ibm a couple of years ago . 
  do you think that companies being required to pay for mental treatment of employees would make them more likely to treat people humanely ? 
  one thing that surprised me when i moved here , to portugal , is that extra hours are n't paid . 
  ever .
