  to ignore/hide it for propaganda i could understand too . 
  but celebrating the victory ... of a failure ? 
  could anyone familiar with chinese culture enlighten me as to why this was made ? 
  it was n't my intention to speak ill of those people . 
  i was just commenting on the eventual outcome of the ordeal , which was n't anywhere close to what the communards hoped . 
  as far as my limited knowledge goes you are correct . 
  if you want to know more i 'd recommend / r/askhistorian, 
  what email provider would you recommend ? 
  and people still wonder why a swiss invented lsd . 
  linux : murder your problems away . 
  it 's actually fairly well know in france . 
  still an usual flag , that does a lot right . 
  and somehow still seems ... wrong ( to me ) . 
  simple fix . 
  use ablative shields . 
  and if that does n't work : more shields . 
  use more shields !, 
  good point . 
  i 'm too far from chinese culture to know if this was indeed the intent , but it 's a good explanation . 
  how was this distributed ? 
  newspaper , posters , leaflets ? 
  and where/to whom ? 
  it 's a cool piece , very european . 
  this looks like an overgrown hotwheels . 
  are all those fins useful or aesthetic ? 
  is it legal/trackable ? 
  preaching to the choir . 
  but i thought it was a bug , did n't know it was a feathure . 
  ... and then poortugal went into sesta for 800 years until fraulein germonies wanted us to pay dembt . 
  18cm is n't all that much for a pizza . 
  you american always exaggerate things . 
  like your elongated kilometres . 
  or your porn star 's ... err ... * florida *, 
  you may want to be mindful of copyright , maybe ask bethesda . 
  i 'm not sure what their policy is but many companies do n't allow for commercial use . 
  beware the dreaded cease and desist !, 
  in other news the price sounds fair for that kind of work . 
  very well done piece , 
  that 's the joke . 
  i guess text is n't the best vehicle of sarcasm , 
  * alright guys , we just finished building our new awesome plane . 
  let 's prep it for take off . 
  * err ... boss ? 
  i think we forgot the engines ... *, 
  * there is no way we ... crap . 
  just put them anywhere !, 
  i 'm sure no one will notice . 
  i 'll add that the ( poor ) justification provided by the far right party was that the `` black sheep '' was one of the few idioms common to switzerland three main languages . 
  but there is very little doubt that the udc has done a good job at propaganda . 
  in the nastiest , dirtiest , sense of propaganda , that is . 
  that 's not even accounting for the increased risk ( and cost ) associated with such a complex system . 
  even if you get it to work , which is possible but a pain , i honestly see little point to it . 
  this will likely go down in history as a cool but impractical and unfeasible idea , like so many others . 
  i 'm at level 62 and i 'm pretty much at that point . 
  there are still a lot of small quests to do , but i 'm at a standstill , where any mission i complete for anyone would antagonise someone . 
  so far i supported the railroad , because i play a sneaky sniper and maxson gets on my nerves , but i 'll probably end up helping the institute , since they are the only one to seemingly have any sort of solution . 
  you can insult anyone , from the pope to the president , no one gives a fuck . 
  football though , it 's the state religion of portugal . 
  i moved here 10 years ago . 
  the first question i was asked was n't about my foreign name , accent , or anything of the sort . 
  it was , and this is no joke , `` what 's your football club '' . 
  it seems to be more about europe speaking with one voice against territorial transgression than about military actions . 
  my take on it is that it 's meant to prevent a member state , say romania , condoning the hypothetical invasion of ceuta than about an alliance like nato . 
  in other words it means european member states recognise the legitimacy and sovereignty of each other 's territory and will oppose transgression against a fellow member state . 
  a diplomatic , not a military , alliance . 
  i was n't clear from the get go , my apologies . 
  i agree with you that this close is very weak and bare little meaning . 
  i was trying to find a practical interpretation to it . 
  that is to see what it actually entails , never mind how little it is . 
  as to why it was included , specifically in this form , i 'm afraid i 've no idea . 
  that 's a. . . bold poster . 
  the october revolution and lenin are a bit controversial to most of the political spectrum , but stalin is clearly hated by most on the right and only more radical communist still seem to support him . 
  it 's a good piece graphically . 
  but i 'm not too sure it 'll do much good in terms of gaining political support . 
  it really depends on the target audience i suppose . 
  was it specific to a certain region of italy or a nation wide piece ? 
  the feeling i got was that you ( the character ) must be clever . 
  if you ( person ) were to spawn in an alien place it would be a very poor choice to antagonise others . 
  so what i took from playing was that you ( character ) were supposed to play as someone whose goal is survival and finding her son . 
  unlike oblivion you do n't start as a random ( player selected ) character but as a person with a defined background . 
  as such you are not playing `` a '' character , but * that * character . 
  whether you prefer one or the other is something else entirely . 
  negative . 
  i accidentally overheated one by firing my engines to close to it ( 1.0.4 ) . 
  but it seems to take a large amount of heat to explode one . 
  the issue i have , in terms of difficulty , is that i always end-up as a glass cannon . 
  i play on pc and , whilst i 'm not a hardcore fps player i can still hold my own . 
  as a result my accuracy with most guns is in the high 80 , low 90 . 
  and about 60 % of my shots are headshots . 
  add to that a decent range from the good draw distance and sniper weapons and the result is that killing is way too easy . 
  so i simply raise the difficulty to very hard/survival . 
  but that brings two issues . 
  first the scavenging , which goes to insane levels , as well as the inventory management . 
  mods and console commands solved that . 
  the second problem is that to have mobs resilient enough to be challenging their dps output good through the roof , meaning a single supper mutant can one shot me with an rpg . 
  and dying so much is n't fun , specifically with long loading times ( 45-70s ) . 
  bottom line : i feel the game , specially the mobs hp and hitbox , were made with a gamepad in mind and that playing with a mouse , notably when used to it , causes balance issue . 
  `` sorry , i do n't understand much about windows . 
  best of luck though  '' . 
  they do .
