  much easier than either french or german to write though . 
  that 's pretty much kerbal in a sentence . 
  congrats on making it to the moon . 
  soon enough you 'll find it easy to make it there . 
  what 's your next step ? 
  good luck !, 
  a couple of tips , just in case you did n't know :, 
  provided you are in easy/normal mode you can ` terminate ' jeb 's mission ( it 's what it sounds like - poor jeb ) , but after some time he will respawn at the ksc . 
  also : many add-on , including mechjeb and scansat , allow you to mark a spot on a body ( the mun , in this case ) , making rescue missions easier . 
  alternatively you can plant a flag/target the pod . 
  although not as good , imo . 
  about the same reaction most of the world had to the first `` public '' one . 
  ww2-present is often referred to as the `` nuclear era '' for good reasons . 
  realistically it may be things like space fairing technology or mass economy that shock them the most ( providing for ( almost ) all the population a quality of life beyond that of their wealthiest noble ) . 
  i once ran the numbers on the price of data for sms . 
  back in 2011 , in poortugal , it cost roughly 1 ' 200 ' 000 $ per gigabyte of data . 
  i beg to differ . 
  your statement is very context dependent and does n't hold for a lot of cases . 
  for a second there i thought this was an abandoned early project ( vaporware ) . 
  then my brain clicked into place and i felt silly . 
  anyway , it 's great that there is an alternative , although neither steamos or any such os applies to me - i do n't even have a tv . 
  kudos to whoever is giving their free time for that project nevertheless , 
  you can also install a boot thingy ( grub in my case ) into all the drives . 
  has worked fine for me so far . 
  that 's mild compared to what 's ahead . 
  i played the game and ... well ... 
  it 's `` graphic '' alright . 
  but then you loose the pleasure of crushing your enemies below a metaphorical iron boot . 
  tell me : can you honestly say that 12 ' 000 measly pieces of gold are n't worth the jubilation of seeing true despair in the eyes of your foes ? 
  do i need to compile the engine myself ? 
  and what dashboard options are there ? 
  i currently have a diesel car , will it be compatible ? 
  it 's not often that i see propaganda where the africans are portrayed as hard-working and serious and the european as silly . 
  this may not be the best piece of propaganda i 've ever seen , but i quite like it nonetheless . 
  maybe in my top 100 . 
  you are correct in referencing soviet propaganda . 
  however they often , if not always , show europeans ( soviet citizens ) in support of the native africans . 
  they may also depict what you described , but the europeans in this case were associated with a certain ideology/country/union / etc. 
  it was n't just `` white '' imperialism vs `` black '' slaves . 
  it was imperialism vs oppressor . 
  an important distinction , that may not have transpired properly , as the ussr 's population was very largely fair skinned . 
  need i say more ? 
  the ubuntu one i believe . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but what your saying is that who/what we ( sexually ) like is defined by our brain . 
  if said brain suffers a traumatic event then it may be altered , with a tiny but real possibility that it might change said sexual preferences . 
  as a swiss i can say that we ( as a whole ) have many flaws ( enough that i ended up emigrating ) . 
  being late , however , is not one of them . 
  interestingly the us foreign policy have been used and abused for decades by large corporations ( whatever their origin ) to enforce domestic us laws outside it 's borders . 
  it would take the length of tolkien 's writings just to explain the basics , but the bottom line is that , for now , the common law rules over far more than it should . 
  on the other hand the e.u. 
  ( or lack thereof ) has been hugely aggravating factor in that . 
  but to be fair it 's not easy to unit people that spent the better part of the last 3000 years slaughtering each other . 
  that 's a very good idea . 
  as a new dm ( on my second campaign now , only about 40hours of dming so far ) i try to always give a result . 
  for example on an investigation/loot check if the role is bellow threshold i tend to give them something useless but funny . 
  - `` does this goblin have loot ? '', 
  - `` well , he has his dagger/sword and a sling that you can easily see '', 
  - `` and anything of value ? 
  gold ? '', 
  - * roll *, 
  - `` 3 ... mhh ... err , do i get nothing ? '', 
  - `` oh , no , quite the contrary . 
  you go throw the goblins cloths , looking for valuables . 
  suddenly something catches your attention : a brown piece of tissue/hide . 
  you pull it and it starts coming loose , revealing your glorious reward for this perilous fight . 
  you get a pair of ( used ) goblin underwear ! '', 
  japan has had terrorism before it was ( mutated into ) kawaii japan . 
  it 's interesting that a society seemingly so focus on fitting into the mild and group thinking has turned out to have many encounters with terrorist along the years . 
  switzerland has many special forces units , but i never heard of a swiss ksk . 
  esty is now into ugly of can . 
  thanks to glorious ~ ~ stalin ~ ~ putin russia can into ~ ~ disfiguration ~ ~ beautifying . 
  i do n't get the message . 
  `` we exist '' ? 
  i like the colours and i do n't think it 's badly drawn , but i think it fails at propaganda . 
  where the sun does n't shine . 
  and your wallet 's hell . 
  i suddenly feel like taking my mirv out of the vab for a spin . 
  `` when you ca n't land on target with your rocket ... bring more rockets '' . 
  the amount of light meteors emit is astonishing . 
  this is n't the first i see , but the clouds help make it clearer . 
  i wonder how close to it you would have to stand to suffer serious damage to your eyes . 
  this obviously would depend on a lot of factors : speed , size , material , etc. 
  that 's a really cool project , but i do n't understand a couple things : why have slim tires for an offroad vehicle and why do n't they feature some protection against mud ? 
  i 'm sure there are very good reasons , but my limited understanding of mechanics ca n't figure them out . 
  is this legal ? 
  my knowledge of french law is ... spotty , at best , but i was under the impression that you could n't use english words in advertisements , at least without translation . 
  or has `` device '' entered the dictionary ? 
  regardless , it 's quite a good find . 
  and it 's always nice to read some french . 
  in practice they use plenty of english words . 
  e-mail ( instead of courriel ) , btb ( business to business ) , most products ( iphone , not jet\u00e9l\u00e9phone ) , etc. 
  the culture is slowing changing towards more tolerance of foreign words . 
  at least that 's my feeling of it , but to be fair i 'm not french ( or in france ) . 
  a lot of add use english too . 
  lithobraking is still a valid form of landing . 
  and of making more goo for the canisters . 
  i get a recursive loop on this imgur page , on mobile ( latest android , reddit is fun ) . 
  anyone else with this issue ? 
  your post made me realise that the last time i played my ( only ) console was 7 ' 000 days ago . 
  poor old snes must feel all lonely .
