  ( keep in mind that louis pasteur was born in the 19th century , so at that time hygiene and understanding of illness spread was poor , at best ) . 
  whilst there are ways this could work , it seems like quite a stretch and i 'm doubtful that this weapon could have actually worked as intended . 
  i had somewhat different numbers in mind . 
  does anyone know the source and the population studied in the video ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's u.s. based which would explain the difference . 
  otherwise it 's quite well done . 
  i would definitely show this kind of video , provided the data is accurate , to teenagers in sex ed . 
   germany is horrible, 
  you guys are much , much worst off than the rest of europe . 
  even france 's hadopi is n't that bad . 
  i 've actually gone to the trouble of asking many people in the cultural industry ( from book editors to owner of cinema chains ) and i 've got several reason why netflix , hulu and other are n't here . 
  now , these answer are a couple of years old and are to take with a grain of salt since i have no idea how much true there is within them . 
  - `` we ca n't license a movie/tvshow for all europe at once , you must do it country by country and it 's a pain . '', 
  - `` the licensing in europe is very complected and the local government/media/etc refuse to let american competition in . '', 
  - `` some local laws make it illegal not to have a no translation and some market would kick you out if you do not offer ( expensive ) dub . '', 
  ( looking at you , france ) . 
  - `` local laws ( again ) make it so that you can not freely broadcast shows . 
  you may often need to wait several month , even years , before you can broadcast a show , rendering the service useless for most people . '', 
  - `` the european market is less likely to adhere so easily to new services , making implementation difficult . '', 
  again , to take with a large grain of salt . 
  if you have evidence proving or disproving any of those claims , please post them , even if it 's only a link . 
  assuming you smoke the drug you may be more prompt to certain behavior that can cause victims . 
  driving under the influence is definitively a good example . 
  if you consider yourself a potential victim you could even argue that it 's easier to hurt yourself . 
  inb4 : i 'm being a devil 's advocate here , not saying that i personally i 'm against or in favor of the legalization of marijuana in the u.s. 
  hey . 
  i do n't usually enter iama because i can often find the answer somewhere , but this time the situation is a bit different . 
  where i live there is a 42.1 % unemployment rate . 
  i 've finished high school but could n't afford any kind of education . 
  i 've got some job experience , but not much ( worked for a reputable i.t. 
  company as tech support ) . 
  i 'm also fluent in three languages and have a bunch of other skills . 
  my biggest issue is : how can i prove to my ( possible ) future employer that i posses the skills ? 
  the languages are easy enough , but it 's hard to prove you can manage large linux infrastructure without certifications . 
  i once got pretty attracted to a guy who was cosplaying mustang at a con . 
  was a bit akward though as i was ... err ... less than subtle . 
  nor in europe . 
  unfortunatly i 'm not into photos much so i did n't think to take a pic and the con . 
  has gone bankrupt since so there are no more official photos . 
  parisians truly tend to be jerks . 
  if you come to france i would suggest visiting other places too , not just focus on the capital . 
  i 've had racist comments made against me by folks in paris . 
  and my native language is french !, 
  though i love the folks outside of paris and would definitly go back to france some day . 
  that 's true for most of southern europe . 
  come visit portugal , specially the alentejo , some day . 
  i 'm not a 100 % sure , but i think it was in 2010 , in lisbon . 
  though this wo n't be much help i fear : /, 
  i 've been huging male relatives and friends for years now . 
  nobody ever reacted like it 's a gay thing . 
  maybe i was lucky or maybe people were being polite , but i truly do n't think that hug = gay is the norm in western europe, 
  [ tsubasa wo kudasai ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61uncgon4lo ) , from the group akaitori . 
  in particular megumi hayashibara take on it , which is part of the [ evangelion 2.22 ost ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkdaccket6m ) . 
  could they be part of the emission reduction system ? 
  i do n't know the english word for them but they are essencially platinum filters for the exhaust . 
  i know they are mandatory in many states of the eu . 
  i was lucky enough to meet most of them at the minecon in paris ( i `` worked '' as a volunteer ) . 
  they were all really nice , specially notch . 
  jeb seemed a bit shy at the time , but it might have been just an impression . 
  i also loved c418 , he was really humble despite doing really awesome stuff . 
  i only started getting into bear recently ; i mostly drink wine and liqueurs . 
  what affordable european ( my homeland and where i live ) beers would you recommend ? 
  i 've tried several and they mostly have 5-7 percent and are somewhat bitter with a `` grain '' flavor . 
  i would like something that is not as bitter , if it exists . 
  here carriers charge more for the device than the average price of the off-the-shelf phone . 
  since the bologne agreement i 've stumbled on software engineer who did not know what a cpu was , about ftp , ram cas and frequency , bsd and other basic things . 
  they did know a lot of very advanced math , however . 
  i would say that in the context of modern societies the idea of poor is relative . 
  i live arounf the u.s. poverty line and would n't consider myself poor knowing i have food , water and electricity when so many do n't . 
  what this study reflects is , i think , a growing awarness of social inequality and class stratification . 
  there seems to be , more and more , an anger building against the olygarchy . 
  it has probably been since the golden age of the cccp that such a sentiment was so widespread . 
  i 've recently started to question myself on wether civil movements ( such as the sufragette and the civil rights ) where not ultimatly devisive . 
  i however understand that it is not possible to focus every subject . 
  is there any light you could provide ? 
  i was n't there but i 've been told that communist parties throughout europe had their all time high in the 50s . 
  this being due to the obvious dislike for fascism , will for peace and because the red had just defeated the opressor . 
  to take with a grain of salt though , since i do n't , personally , have evidences of this . 
  in the sense that having * only * black people fighting for their rights and having only women fighting for theirs would seem to me like it would create antagonism . 
  for example i 've met a feminist , whom struggle i support , that had nearly given up on men because she felt like there was no redeeming . 
  i realize the many reason for this but i thought at that time that it would have been better for this person to join the local communist party ( or any marxist organisation ) as she could have had the support of all genders . 
  i 've started to question if it would not be better for these groups to join under the common banner of fighting against oppression . 
  i sometimes fear that ideas of `` black pride '' or `` women pride '' really divide black people into a group , women into another , men in still another , etc. 
  when in reality we are all people . 
  but then again , this history is far older than i am and i will not claim to understand it , just to thrive to . 
  thank you for this clarification . 
  you bring out many good points . 
  i definitely see where my reasoning was flawed . 
  i know there is a state regulation for the word engineer within the confind of the bologne agreement . 
  i 'm not sure how it applies if it 's used as a particule . 
  i was however talking about freshly formed engineers , that often lack any knowledge besides the strict minimum to pass . 
  it baffles me as how someone can defend a thesis in the field of it without being able to distinguish ram from an sdd ( visually ) . 
  that 's a bit out of context here . 
  thank you so much for answering all my queries , 
  the part about the leash pulling was specially interesting . 
  how did you keep your dog by your side ? 
  mine used to walk by my side ( slightly in front as walkways are too narrow ) until recently . 
  poortugal ... that one just made my unemployed ass 's day . 
  thank you very much for reposting this one . 
   you have a little lurcher there ( sighthound cross ),
