  lo and behold , here comes zinogre , son of attila , breaker of dream and reaper of hope . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know of any good and up-to-date tutorial and my knowledge of mj is too basic to produce a complete tuto , but if you have a specific question i can try to answer it to the best of my ability . 
  personally i use two shuttle design when playing stock . 
  either a shuttle atop a large plane ( think buran + an-225 ) , where the plane carries the shuttle to the edge of the atmosphere and then the shuttle goes to lko on it 's own . 
  or a shuttle with large wings , often in a delta shape , used for gliding and braking and a fueltank + engine on each side . 
  this way regardless of payload your twr will be  1 and your centre of mass will be in line with the thrust . 
  more expensive and wasteful than and sts/buran + energia design though . 
  it depends what you compare it too . 
  it 's cheaper than a fully expendable rocket but has a greater payload capacity than a true ssto . 
  it has drawbacks , however . 
  it has lower payload capacity than a rocket and the payload must fit in the cargo bay . 
  it 's complex and expensive to launch for the first time and ca n't be manoeuvred as well in the atmosphere ( during re-entry ) as an ssto . 
  it 's also more complex and more prone to issues and failures . 
  all-in-all it 's a pretty bad way to do most stuff beyond carrying many small-to-mid size modules to lko . 
  it can also deliver heavy satellites or small probes . 
  for small satellites , tiny probes and kerbals you have sstos . 
  for the rest just use rockets with some chutes and bare the cost . 
  however , using mods , you can get insane stuff . 
  my latest creation using opt is an ssto capable of delivering  10 ' 000deltav , with a very heavy and oversized cargo , ten kerbonauts and full science suit ( minus lab ) to lko . 
  that beast can go from the runway to laythe and back in a single stage . 
  and drop a permanent , inhabitable , base . 
  provided you use rng it 's as likely as any other number . 
  that 's a new one . 
  still , i very much approve of these pictures . 
  to be a world power you have to have influence/interaction . 
  they could very well be that one civ that spawns inside a mountain cradle and you only discover when you have satellites but by that time they are preparing their spaceship to go to alpha centauri . 
  this has more of an industrial look than steam punk , imo . 
  i imagine this as a promotional vehicle for a canned food brand in the 30s . 
  that aside though it 's quite neet . 
  it 's not extremely brash but rather seems to be a labour of love . 
  really nice one indeed . 
  be wary that even a small difference in altitude will make a big difference in atmospheric density . 
  what it means is that you do n't need to go down a lot to prevent flameout but drag and heat will increase pretty dramatically too . 
  in my experience air breading engines wo n't work past 20km on kerbin and most plane will stall at 15km ( when oxygen deprived , engines loose power . 
  loose enough of it and your speed wo n't be enough to stay flying . 
  it 's not a death sentence though , you can recover from it ) . 
  thanks for the info . 
  a lot of what little i know on mirvs actually comes from r-36 / satan as i 'm not a huge fan of the militaristic part of the space-programs . 
  what amazes me most about this icbm is how early it was put into service . 
  spoken like a true american . 
  many mods , such as kwrocketry , feature ( much ) larger part than stock . 
  specially 5m + protective shells and converter allowing to turn a single 3.5 / 5m attachment point into several 1.25 m points . 
  far more than equivalent stock converter allows . 
  they also have heavier and larger engines and tanks , allowing for more massive payloads . 
  you can also use more exotic design , some of which can ( theoretically ) carry over 20 vehicles , but sadly they tend to murder my fps , eat ram like there is no tomorrow and kill kittens ... ok , made that last one up . 
  my point is that the limitation i 've come to is technical , my pc simply ca n't handle more parts , and not with the mods . 
  meaning there is still more to explore , provided you have the umph for it . 
  i think that the greatest failure of russia 's military at that time were the catastrophic `` living '' conditions of it 's soldiers . 
  this , amongst other things , helped pave the way for revolution . 
  why is swiss signing in german ? 
  you should have had switzerland sign in all of it 's languages : kraut , frog , spaghetti and whatthefyckdidijustread . 
  or hold a referendum to decide who signs then hold another one to revoke the signature and then have a third to ... err ... you get the point . 
  i 've been using linux as my daily drivers for about 8 years and every year i have less of a reason to stay . 
  currently the only things i use windows for is to run civ5 mods and for pentesting , the later being in sandbox for ... obvious reasons . 
  that 's a nice and ambitious project you got there . 
  a while back i did something similar were i landed a kerbal on all the biomes of jool 's three smallest satellites : vall , bop and pol . 
  the way i did it was by having a very large fuel tanker stay in orbit and ferry the small lander around , refuelling when necessary and dropping empty fuel tanks along the way . 
  the issue of using a mirv for this kind of mission is that the conditions on laythe are radically different than that of pol . 
  as a result the vehicle will also be different and of different weight , which is problematic . 
  unfortunately i do n't have a solution that would allow a single mirv to carry out five missions on those five objects . 
  you would have to compromise or modify somewhere , enough that the usefulness of a mirv is lost . 
  but then again my knowledge is very much finite . 
  i hope you succeed in your endeavour and , if you do , please post it !, 
  i 'd love to see it . 
  ahh this might just work . 
  be aware however that landing requires a minimum twr so your landing may not be successful ( learned that the hard way on tylo ) . 
  separating the heavy moons from the small ones is the best option , imo . 
  best of luck . 
  note that with 1 . x minning is a good option for tylo . 
  this looks awesome . 
  however those small solar panel may not be enough to power the ion drive so far away from the sun . 
  i like the way you stashed two rows in the mk2 fuselage . 
  looks stargate like . 
  you forgot `` players who got it for free with their gpu but are still waiting for a linux port '' , 
  i did try it though , it really deserves the praise but is a bit too ... dark ... for my taste . 
  i 'll get to it , someday ... 
  poland can into poorland ? 
  still , polan has best vodka !, 
  it easier said than done . 
  couple questions : why are the airbrakes oriented this way and why do you have verner thrusters on your space station ? 
  ( note : i 'm not implying those are bad - or good - ideas . 
  i 'm just an average player trying to ~ ~ steal ~ ~ borrow ideas , 
  are you sure ? 
  if so that 's a neet trick , 
  cool one . 
  what was the idea behind it though ? 
  buy one machine , use it for everything ? 
  pointy thing a the top , pushy thing at the back , boomy thing in the middle . 
  that 's about the basis of rocket science . 
  and looks cool as an added bonus . 
  i never watched db as a kid - was a bit too old already when it came out in europe . 
  and when i tried giving a watch a couple years ago i did n't fancy it much . 
  turns out that , after all , it would be through db : abridged that i would learn about it . 
  i 'm actually discovering the db universe through the abridged serie and , somewhat , also thanks to dumplin . 
  so hats off to tfs . 
  ca n't wait for cell 's next form . 
  aesthetics , logistics ( lack of space , that kinda of thing ) , hygiene ( overkill , if you ask me ) and avoiding deforming the headset . 
  in my case only the second apply so i just hang them to my lamp . 
  did ... did rin ... 
  loose ? ... how ?!,
