  i just did a search for it and it 's indeed a copy-paste of my geek ( my dog 's name ) . 
  that i 'm still alive despite having been diagnosed with heavy depression over a decade ( 12y ) ago . 
  couple of very close ( suicidal ) calls along the way . 
  also wrestled a stray dog bare-handed to protect my puppy . 
  almost peed myself a little after that one . 
  i was actually surprised when i met football ( soccer , for you americans ) players and they turned out the be pretty clever . 
  they seemed stupid because they came from a very low social background , with very poor education and upbringing and even if they had a bit more money today they still hung out with uneducated people . 
  one of them was fluent in three languages ( portuguese , spanish and english ) and spoke a bit of italian , but could n't wright . 
  others were just plain stupid though . 
   newer versions of pc software will be designed to be more powerful . 
  so every time you upgrade a program to the latest version , it 's probably going to use a little more ram , for instance . 
  this is done because software developers know that computers are getting more and more powerful , and thus have more and more resources at their disposal . 
  contrast that with a console , whose specs are set in stone . 
  this one is the most important part , imo . 
  any people buying any electronic device that 's network enabled ( can connect to the internet ) should be aware of this . 
  if you happen to have old ( er ) hardware taking-up room , you can always run a lightweight linux on it ( puppy , elementaryos , lubuntu , etc ) , use it as a server for some lightweight application ( debian/centos ) , give it to a school/charity or , in case it has no redeeming feature ( it 's broken ) dispose of it via the proper channel . 
  i would also add that marketing is designed to make you look down on your current material and induce the idea it 's gone `` out of fashion '' even though it 's most likely working similarly as when you bought it , it 's just `` inferior '' to the present day models . 
  finally there is a phenomenon where certain chipset will develop cracks after repeated use and calculations errors will occur . 
  this is particularly visible in gpu given that the results ( artifact ) will appear on screen . 
  this is quite unusual though , at least in my experience fixing all kind of machines . 
  here is a beautifull word we do n't often see . 
  he ( kim jong un ) cuts his own hair . 
  suicide by nuke might be one hell of a way to go from 0-60 ( 100 ) though . 
  if you do n't have a mac you can use a linux distro . 
  it will work on virtually any computer . 
  i would add to that a function to tell you when a certain app become available for your region . 
  the `` not compatible for your device '' message is the thing i most often see on the play store ( i have an unlocked gs2 ) . 
  having given english lessons to brazilian folks ( and having met hundred of them ) i can confirm that the vast majority of the population is rather clueless when it comes to shakespeare 's language . 
  most of them only speak a heavily modified version of portuguese , which is often hard for me to understand ( despite being at a native level ( c2 ) in continental portuguese ) . 
  according to them this is due to a poor education system and a cultural bias that tends to translate and voice-over ( dub ) every cultural product . 
  they were however among the most , if not the most motivated and willing students i came across . 
   i have this impression that a lot of people in brazil feel that it is enough to learn just enough english to get by and to list it on their resum\u00e9s , not everyone is actually interested in becoming proficient in the language . 
  there is a very wide gap between getting by and being proficient . 
  most people , specially in regard to english , fail to see this , unfortunately . 
  too often folks list a high ( er ) english level on their c.v. (  b1 ) when they can barely make a sentence or understand speech . 
  i understand that getting a job is tough ( last i check unemployment for my age group was at ~ 42 % here ) but lying about skills on your c.v. is a very bad idea . 
  if you are caught in the interview ( which you will be , if this is a required skill ) you will lose all chances of being hired . 
  your best bet is to list what you have and insist on your willingness to improve , mention what you do to improve , etc. 
  the portuguese spoken in the capital city of portugal , lisbon . 
  whilst technically you would refer to it as `` portuguese '' only and specify `` brazilian portuguese '' or `` mozambican portuguese/creole '' i find it a bit incorrect to do that . 
  in a sense it implies that only the language spoken in lisbon is the `` true '' language , giving a feeling that the other languages would be `` bastards '' . 
  if you are from north america you may equate this to calling english the language spoken in england and whatever variant is used would become `` californian english '' or `` south-african english '' . 
  to go back to your question : saying `` continental portuguese '' is a way to distinguish between the fairly different breeds of portuguese found in the world . 
  i have no idea where the term come from but i 've found reference to portugal as `` the continent '' in fairly old documents ( dating to the sixteenth century ) . 
  my guess is that it was used primarily by navigators and then evolved from there . 
   if you think piracy should be legal , then obviously you do n't want to pay . 
  rereading on this post and i figured i should clarify one thing . 
  i 'm fairly confident i have spent more money , in terms of percentage of my income , on culture than the vast majority of people . 
  what i believe in ( and may have failed to express so ) is that you should not be , as a private individual , denied access to culture because of arbitrary reasons ( country of residence , wealth , xenophobia , etc ) . 
  rereading this post , so i figured i 'd clarify a couple of things i may have failed to express . 
   it seems like you 're saying that if a media company can not prevent its content from being pirated , then do n't blame the pirate . 
  if the company ca n't keep its product from being stolen without involving the legal system , it deserves to get stolen from . 
  this undermines a lot of basic assumptions about property , but fair enough , i 'll roll with it . 
  that is not what i hoped to convey . 
  i would rather say i do not consider copying for personal use to be stealing and that trying to control people 's access to culture based on arbitrary reason is not beneficial to society . 
  that is to say that no one , neither government , individual or company should have the right to prevent you from accessing cultural content . 
  this does n't mean they have to make all content available , however . 
  or , in a more practical situation , a movie theater does not have any obligation , in my view , to let everyone that requests it in . 
  however , if my friend buys a dvd and decides to copy it and give it to me ( the word `` give '' is important here ) then no entity has the right , i believe , to punish any of us for it . 
   so sometimes companies do cling to outdated business models or practices , and piracy forces them to adapt . 
  i get that , but why should n't a company have the right to be outdated and crappy ? 
  if i want to create a business which has a shitty business plan that is fine . 
  it is n't up to the government to intervene and correct my business plan , nor is it up to consumers to hurt my business plan by breaking laws . 
  what ought to happen is people stop using my business in favor of one that is better . 
  i agree . 
  the issue i take with you statement is that present day `` copyright '' laws were made by and for the industry and not by and for the people . 
  whilst i find completely ridiculous for a company to stick to outdated models , i agree it 's their own problem . 
  they , however , have no right forcing , by ways of lobbying and oppression , laws into the books . 
   those who can not adopt to the criminalisation of music by either paying or not getting caught must face punishment . 
  the issue is that sharing culture is a crime . 
  that is what i criticize . 
   similar to breaking the law . 
  you might skip a red light only if you absolutely need to get somewhere . 
  that is a bad analogy , imo . 
  breaking the law in this case can lead to very dire and direct consequences . 
  being in a hurry is no excuse to endangering the lives of your fellow humans . 
  downloading a piece of culture , however , does n't even compare to the life of a person . 
  that being said , i would also say that law must be followed and that , if you have an issue with the law , you should strive to change it rather than break it ( i never downloaded anything illegally - though this is due to a loophole in my country 's law ) . 
  ultimately this leads me to say that anti-piracy/copyright laws are , at the end of the day , detrimental to the well being of society , which is why i believe they need to change . 
   what you are saying with respect to the free market system [ ... ], 
  on a side not here , but i 'm very much against free market . 
  though this is a topic for another post . 
  this is a slippery slope fallacy . 
  many artists have put online cultural creations for free and gotten money from it , in various ways . 
  there are also many way for creators to get resources , not only direct sells and contracts with majors . 
  patent law is a bit more ... complicated . 
  i wo n't go into to much detail because i have n't structured my thoughts on it fully . 
  i 'll simply say that i do not approve of it 's current form but recognize it 's necessity . 
  in the same way that creators are entitled to the ip of their creation , designers ( word ? ), 
  are entitled to the ip of theirs . 
  it would be beneficial to society to protect creators from having someone gain wealth from their creation , but it is also beneficial for people to be able to access them for non-commercial use . 
  an example would be that it should be legal for a charity to use `` your '' design in order to help people , such as a water purifier for africa or asia . 
  it would , however , be illegal for someone to gain any kind of wealth using your design though , like selling it in stores in europe or the u.s. 
  on a side note - whoever accepts patent application in the u.s. should have some sense slapped into them . 
  a black rectangle should never have been accepted as a patent . 
  this is a case of the [ begging the question ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/begging_the_question ) fallacy . 
   op needs to question what/whose culture ( s ) he 's buying into if that 's the case . 
  keep in mind that income and costs vary wildly in the world . 
  a 15 $ game for someone making 300 $ a month is a luxury ( 5 % of the income ) . 
  a 20 $ game for someone making 1000 $ is less so ( 2 % of the income ) .
