  i never knew some universities allowed drinking on their ground . 
  i know many tolerate it , and it is n't unusual , but to straight out be allowed is surprising . 
  oh , i 've actually been there . 
  twice !, 
  it 's quite small , but oh so gorgeous . 
  it 's a shame the rest of the building is n't in such good condition . 
  the gardens are gorgeous though . 
  it 's also more efficient , as you do n't need to sort what to shred and , as an added bonus , you are far less likely to forget to destroy something . 
  [ fate series spoilers ] ( / s `` it took me a bit to go back and see where i got things mixed-up . 
  so first off , you are absolutely correct , angra mainyu ( servant ) is indeed the weakest servant summonable . 
  but that really was n't satisfying for me , because i was fairly confident he was some sort of world ending , humanity slaying , creature of doom and darkness . 
  and i found out where this perception i had came from : i was thinking of angra mainyu as this evil-gooy-thingy inside of the grail . 
  `` the materialization of angra mainyu brought forth by truly opening the holy grail is an ichor that will consume every human being , 6 billion curses flowing out from the gate to hell '' '' ) source : http://typemoon.wikia.com/wiki/avenger_ ( fate/hollow _ ataraxia ) #all _ the_world .27 s_evils . 
  portugal has had many flag over the years - it 's a ~ 800y old nation , after all . 
  most were white and blue , but the current flag colour were introduced only recently , about a century ago . 
  i always like to think that the crimson part stands for the socialist republic of portugal , but sadly this is not the case - as far as i know . 
  for once we did n't get the shaft in europe . 
  i got gravity for free . 
  a gorgeously beautiful movie . 
  1 ) the designs are great , specially considering the limits of the colour/resolution . 
  2 ) if you are going for a political/diplomatic theme you may want to use the official name of the nations . 
  dprk instead of north korea , for example . 
  give the game that extra touch of nerdiness . 
  3 ) best of luck for the future , 
  if you do things properly , you 'll not break the game . 
  however i understand your doubts so my advice is to :, 
  1 ) use the steam version, 
  2 ) run the game on windows  vista . 
  there are many reasons for that , but the bottom line is that you can backup all your saves . 
  even if you break the game - which is unlikely - just fix it by checking the integrity on steam or reinstall it . 
  and even if you corrupt your latest save at worst you lose about 10min of gameplay . 
  if you have questions feel free to ask - i 'm on mobile atm but i 'll try to answer as best as possible . 
  yes . 
  it 's the best temperature to serve it indoor - possibly - but if drunk a this temperature it will cause damage . 
   a ~ ~ laptop ~ ~ with a gtx 980 ? 
  an electrical heating unit with a gtx 980 . 
  i usually see joint hands , palm against palm , pointed toward the sky , in places were it is appropriate to indicate a place of worship or a religious related space but without affiliation to a specific set of belief . 
  i do n't know - i doubt it in fact - that this is universal , or at least standardised . 
  this is much in the vein of adult people saying that `` x is gay '' to mean `` x is behaving in an idiotic manner '' . 
  and yes , i am talking about human adults - people who can legally drive ( some ) vehicles , act in a pornographic feature , enrol in - or be forced into - the army ( a task involving dealing with dangerous equipment and , possibly , having to take lives ) and so on . 
  i seriously expect that a person that is considered old enough to do all those things and boasts a master degree knows better than calling someone an '' homosexual sissy '' ( roughly translated ) as a derogatory term . 
  so the 9xx is only a kitchen oven where the 7xx is a full fledge plutonium powered fission reactor . 
  i also have two hd4870 , a desktop one which outputs around a mere gigawatt of heat and one in a laptop i got for free - which is so well optimised that the laptop will shutdown due to overheat if you attempt to run windows on it - or anything that stresses the gpu . 
  to be clear : out of the box this computer would not work for more than 30min . 
  no wonder i got it free . 
  you know , i think that you are sadly right . 
  i am not a racist person - i do not acknowledge the concept of race for humans . 
  races are for dogs and horses , not people . 
  i 'm part of a political party that 's outspokenly against `` racial '' discrimination and has made huge advances for equality . 
  i have liked and dislike people of all creed and belief . 
  and yet , no matter how much i wish this was n't true , i will still have far less attraction - sexual/physical attraction that is - to black guys . 
  i will never look at a men 's intellect differently because of his race , but somehow my `` nethers '' are a couple of racist ~ ~ dicks ~ ~ balls . 
  i may be missing an awesome bf because of it , but somehow i ca n't get over having grown up in a discriminatory society . 
  so to my possibly missed awesome dark skinned sexy boy/lady friend : sorry , my balls are dicks . 
  archer says he `` lost an arm the first time '' . 
  did he ... make a new arm ? 
  i installed it today , but it 's way past reasonable hours so i 'll be heading to morpheus 's embrace . 
  i do like the idea of striping a millennia old , freshly resurrected and killed zombie priest of doom , wearing it 's armour and cape , holding his staff all the while prancing around the freshly `` desouled '' body of a supposedly immortal god . 
  ahh , sweet is the life of the dragonborn !, 
  this one is n't new at all and has been talked about quite a bit , but would be very hard , nigh impossible , to implement :, 
  for npc and mobs to , progressively , respect your power . 
  by level 60 , for example , my tiny little breton had become the closest thing on nirn to a god . 
  she would shoot down a dragon atop the college from dawnstar with a single arrow !, 
  ( in my dreams ) . 
  but it really feels strange to be a walking death dealing demon of doom and destruction , ( barely ) kind enough not to slaughter markarth because some drunk guy looked at it funny and yet be treated like either a random stranger or an annoyance by most . 
  not to speak of the suicidal rogues , thieves and bandits . 
  the girl i 'm winterhold that sells flower must have been able to buy a proper store thanks to you !, 
  this is an awesome way to play , but were i to do this it would spell the doom for flowers in skyrim . 
  i 'm trilingual . 
  i have a very close friend who speaks the same three languages . 
  however the level of proficiency is reversed between us . 
  so when we are chatting we do it in english . 
  when i get annoyed i default to my native language ( which he speaks , but not nearly as well as the other two ) . 
  when he gets annoyed he defaults to his native language ( which i speak , but not nearly as well as the other too ) . 
  we also sometimes may throw some latin and japanese in the mix , depending on the topic ... 
  all in all what we usually achieve is annoying everyone else . 
  but it does allow us to actually engage the issue , rather than just get annoyed . 
  poortugal ca n't into comics ? 
  too many poors for internets ? 
  thank you for this post . 
  whilst i took the time to study the facts on my own ( would you believe stalin did not eat babies ?? ), 
  i struggle to explain them . 
  however i now have a good article to link to , thanks to you comrade . 
  so this poster was meant to tell people who were thought to have ( and likely had ) the power to cause drastic changes in society that the current status quo is/was in their best interest ? 
  if this is indeed the meaning i find it quite interesting . 
  i personally prefer the looks of jk 's stuff . 
  he has a certain ... something that makes think gorgeous , yet believable . 
  however i personally recon it 's down to preference , so chose which ever you prefer . 
  etac is slightly more demanding ( only lightly so ) and possibly more ironed out , probably thanks to it 's age . 
  at the end of the day they are both awesome . 
  i have an hd4870 with 1gb of gddr5 and i can run it fine , so if you have something similar or better you should be fine . 
  but additional stuff - 2/4k textures , enb , etc will add heavily on top , so you may have to compromise . 
  the joys of spending countless hours optimising . 
  i run optimised 1k textures for everything ( vanilla is 512 for reference ) , then a bunch of technical stuff that changes the game . 
  with the exception of enbs 2/4k and grass i can run everything . 
  i also have 0.3-0 .5 ctd/h . 
  now what is important to know is that the card is not stock . 
  it has an aftermarket cooler , is dusted twice a month to prevent overheating , has custom noise dampening ( rubber bands ) and is in a high airflow case without anything obstructing airflow . 
  it 's also slightly overclocked . 
  the whole pc is actually extremely optimised .
