  far fewer from the `` staying alive '' point however . 
  it resembles an early delta wing , with focus on speed and agility . 
  was this placed in the cities or rural areas ? 
  my guess would be saint petersburg and moscow , but i do n't know enough to be sure . 
  it has writing ( targeting the small percentage of literate ) and seems a bit too modern for the rural parts . 
  the sun never sets on the empire of the err ... 
  rising ... err ... . sun ... 
  til that they used ksp logic in the ussr aircraft departments . 
  good to know . 
  - comrade , our engine too weak !, 
  we need bigger engine . 
  use 30 engines , much cheaper !, 
  when you reach that point you might just want to strap yourself to the top of an arianne5 or a soyuz and call it a day . 
  this is beyond `` thrust to weight '' ratio and into the `` thrust into walls '' ratio . 
  but an awesome piece of work , however . 
  if a touch impractical . 
  what was the goal of this work ? 
  convince people to eat corn ? 
  or show how the great soviet union fed the common man ? 
  was the appearance of the woman a purely artistic choice or was it aimed at a specific population/done with a specific intent ? 
  blonde hair , smaller than the male scientist , on the younger side . 
  given the size of the ussr it had an impressive diversity of feature in it 's citizenry , so i was wondering which , if any in particular , of those group was being targeted . 
  i 'm a bit of a neophyte when it comes to economics but why is this an issue specific to the current us economic model ? 
  could n't this kind of thing have happened with almost all other models ? 
  it seems like incompetence/very poor management rather than an inherent part of the system , but i might be wrong . 
  so if i understand correctly the incentive of the state is greater control over it 's population , a goal for which it is training terrorists . 
  my limited understanding was that these people were trained with the idea that they would target `` enemies '' of the us , but ( unsurprisingly ) used those skills against the us instead . 
  am i missing something ? 
  but i do agree that private companies want to make money , not control people ( unless they can benefit from that control , evidently ) . 
  so yeah , i do n't see microsoft or nestle fostering domestic terrorism in the us or switzerland . 
  `` hey outdoor cat , i 'm indoor cat '' . 
  how far was deep diving when this came out ? 
  where there functional submarines ? 
  was it the evolution of a large diving vessel into a suit or something new for it 's time ? 
  what was the inspiration for the swiss ( imperial ) flag ? 
  are the colour random or do they have meaning ? 
  this is really cool , thanks , 
  ok , this looks awesome . 
  seriously awesome . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  it looks like it 's in decent condition . 
  did it suffer any catastrophic internal damage ? 
  regardless , how long has it been inactive for ? 
  i ca n't imagine that it would have been rentable to run a steam engine for anything but tourism in the past 60y . 
  but then again steam engines were still up and running until pretty late in the uk . 
  were n't there some still around when the deltic started running ? 
  how did they capture them in working order ? 
  considering that they did n't feature heavy armour i would have guessed that even small explosives such as grenades would cause great damage . 
  i 'm guessing crew surrender , but why would the crew surrender a fully functional vehicle in the context of ww1 ? 
  this is exactly the kind of bullshit that causes so many suicide at christmas . 
  you should be ashamed to make fun of america like that . 
  sure , he is `` special '' , but he is still family . 
  jesting asside : great comic . 
  it 's very good for how short it is . 
  why is portugal seemingly supporting russia ( or at least against this proposition ) . 
  what do they stand to gain ? 
  i checked who the portuguese mp are and most are moderates , split roughly evenly between left and right . 
  so that means that both the left and right agreed on this . 
  as much as an easy reason as `` evil corruption '' is appealing i 'm guessing it 's likely more complex . 
  anyone with an idea ? 
  why is it ( seemingly ) this tall ? 
  also , how much faster than a tracked vehicle does it go ? 
  i have a gs2 with replicant on it . 
  the 3/4g antenna is dead though . 
  also the battery is unusable and i do n't have a wifi dongle ... 
  i essentially use it as a clock ... 
  point is : ask away , but i 'm not sure i 'll know the answer . 
  huh , so they are homegrown ... 
  i do see these every now and then , but they are n't common either . 
  anyhow , thanks to op til about another portuguese car . 
   very unconventional aircraft, 
  that 's quite the understatement . 
  the only reason for this design i can wrap my head around is that it 's somehow mean to accommodate the pilot 's gonads ... 
  i quite like this one . 
  although the art is n't super striking and it 's more witty than memorable it does illustrate the point of view of both parties very simply and clearly . 
  the administration sees this as a betrayal from one of theirs , whilst the people see it as a betrayal from the administration . 
  it 's obviously an overly simplistic representation ( it is in a propaganda sub after all ) . 
  by far the friendliest community of any mcserver i 've ever visited . 
  i 've had folks walk through my base and storage many times , had never had anything stolen , diamonds or otherwise . 
  this is the wrong server for competition , the right one for collaboration !, 
  thank you very much for your answer !, 
   get rid of the cooler, 
  it used to be that the stock cooler was so inadequate that it would either bottleneck the cpu , reduce it 's lifespan or be noisy as hell . 
  is this no longer the case ? 
  if so it 'd be a great way to save some money . 
   sell the case, 
  unfortunately i do n't think i could sell the case for much . 
  it 's neither very new ( does n't have usb3 , for example ) or in a very good condition . 
  and i need to somehow accommodate the 8 or so drives , so a u-atx is n't really feasible . 
  note on the drive : to be more exact with my storage setup i have 4hdd for the raid5 , a permanent one for back-up , a hot-plug for back-up and one for installing exotic os on their own without screwing-up the whole pc . 
  and the ssd for the main os . 
  like this it looks like a slightly sleeker tu-160 . 
  it almost look more modern . 
  how effective is the payload for it 's cost ? 
  or is it meant for tactical nukes ? 
  thank you very much for your answer !, 
  it 's quite anticlimactic , however . 
  would be any chance know the origin/original usage of the word ? 
  yeah , that 's what i meant . 
  after reading a few chapters on mittlewerk ( wages of destruction by adam tooze , amongst other sources ) i figured this claim could be true , but it 's hard to prove an absolute so i was hoping someone would come and say :,
