  avoid picking wines that are too cheap ( bottom 10 % of the market ) or too expensive ( unless you already know them ) . 
  expensive wines may be very good , but if you know none of the wines and do n't have access to a sommelier then it 's less of a `` gamble '' to go with cheaper ( not cheapest ! ), 
  bottles . 
  clearer and lighter ( lower alcohol percentage ) bottles will tend to have lighter taste , better suited for people not used to drinking wine . 
  usually the label ( on the back ) will state the alcohol content and type of wine . 
  for example `` brute '' or `` dry '' wines are more `` bitter '' ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  your best options are still to do some online research , ask a specialist or , the best ( but most expensive ) is to buy several wines and try them . 
  that 's how i discovered what i like ( white wines , from sunny regions , with low alcohol ( < 10 % ) and fruity/sweet flavour ) . 
   9:25 - add french to the list of kirito 's weaknesses . 
  kirito 's voice actor ( matsuoka , yoshitsugu ) did very well saying those words . 
  whilst far from perfect they were easily understandable and distinguishable from the japanese . 
  much better , in fact , than most english native manage . 
  however the name of the place was nonsensical . 
  the mistaken was a small one though and given how bloody hard french is it 's perfectly understandable . 
  this is probably more correct indeed . 
  i 'm not used to talk about wine or alcoholic beverages in none latin languages so i came up short for words . 
  i noticed an unusual lack of kim related imagery and propaganda . 
  why would the future of the dprk , from a propaganda perspective , not include the kim ? 
  the same goes for portuguese , italian and french . 
  might work with romanian too , but this would go beyond my knowledge . 
   i 'm still laughing about how he asked for a `` mille filles '' instead of a `` mille feuilles '' . 
  given a choice i would rather have the former than the later . 
  arthuria 's first sword from fate ? 
  i never played a zelda game so i would n't be able to tell . 
  but the sword from fate were indeed more ornate , at least in some versions . 
  it 's unfortunate that only one of these games runs ( natively ) on linux . 
  humble bundle usually provides at least a beta version for tux . 
  although i 'm happy that civ : be will run on it . 
  noob question : what is art ? 
  so art is the `` new '' java vm for android . 
  got it , thanks , 
  they hired two persons to manage `` communications '' . 
  i met both , marc , a friendly and hard-working guy and a lady whose name i do n't recall , with funny hair and very energetic . 
  they do n't do classic advertising but invest quite a bit in the community . 
  i loved it . 
  considering japan 's history of domestic terrorism ( [ aum shinrikyo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aum_shinrikyo ) and the [ japanese red army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_red_army ) ) , the own peculiar way they socially deal with this and the current mood due to the decision taken by the current pm ( 2014/07/11 ) i think we are in for a great ride . 
  for people in smaller , less economically powerful country , the ads are sometimes very annoying . 
  at some point there was only one , one ! , add for the region i was in . 
  for a whole week almost every time i wanted to watch a video i had to hear the same 5sec voice . 
  i should mention i only had my unrooted phone and headset , to add to the joy . 
  personally i do n't much mind add ( so long as they are not misleading like this one ) , but i wish i could choose the region for the ads , not have it ip based . 
  i speak enough languages that at least some company somewhere will want to market to me . 
  was there not , at some point , a common `` spanish '' and portuguese flag ? 
  hundreds of years ago when the same person held both crowns . 
  although plausible , a larger video game , or in this case ep , does n't necessarily mean that less time and/or money went into making it . 
  refined mechanics , bug fixes and the likes are fairly lightweight compared to images , for example . 
  in this case though , it 's likely it 's just less content . 
  i do realise that . 
  this part of my post was n't meant to be taken like a suggestion . 
  i was also thinking in terms of the eu , where it 's not unusual to have bilingual people . 
  depends on how close and a few other factors , but it 's not so unlikely that someone unfortunate enough to be t close to it would suffer from a bad case of death . 
  although on a much smaller scale that 's the same spirit as [ conchita wurst ] ( https://encrypted.google.com/search?q=conchita+wurst ) . 
  i like the last paragraph you wrote . 
  using ones material wealth , may it be big or small , to further the cause of the proletariat is a great thing to do . 
  i would also personally recommend that , if able , one consider helping those around you who may suffer from capitalism and , if applicable , imperialism . 
  obviously depending on where you are this may not be possible/applicable . 
  because it is safer , lighter , cheaper ( 200-600 $ less ) , more stable , customisable , private ( unless you choose otherwise ) , handles encryption much better and runs anything i want it to . 
  i can decide to run a raid 5 with ssds for my os and i 'll be able to do that in less than an hour , assembly and installation included . 
  and virtualization is great on it . 
  i just love it . 
  the only downside i can think of right now , for me , is that it may not be as optimised ( as windows ) , or even compatible , with some gpu . 
  these look strikingly similar to real ones . 
  although the one on the left , on the second images , makes little sense to me . 
  usually they depict the usa 's flag being turn . 
  the japanese , or even nato 's flag , would have made sense , although i do n't recall seeing anything like it from pyongyang . 
  could you provide some examples so i can read up please . 
  beyond the one discussed here . 
  the french lawmaker are astonishingly stupid when it comes to technology . 
  on either side of the political spectrum ( although the right wing takes the cake with hadopi , imo ) . 
  the amazon one , as explained to me , was because they were exploiting a loophole . 
  supposedly books are to be sold at a standardised price . 
  however amazon was trying , and managing , to sell at a lower price than others by selling the book at the right price but then taking the price of shipping off . 
  this , however , is very much what was explained to me . 
  it may be false , so i recommend you do further research in case you are interested . 
  i 'm not in favour of legalising all drugs in my country or in most places , but i do n't think being a victim should be a crime . 
  `` addicts '' should be treated as any other sick person , not as a criminal . 
  decriminalisation of hard drugs is the best way to go , imo , with a programme to help users , not punish them . 
  on a side note , congratulation on being `` clean '' for a decade . 
  i can only begin to imagine the willpower that would require . 
  this anime is scaringly precise . 
  for example , if you were building a nuclear bomb , you would want plutonium much more than the more uranium . 
  a dirty bomb , enough to cover one or two km2 , can work with uranium 238 . 
  but a proper bomb requires uranium 235 or plutonium , both very hard to get . 
  however , once you have the fuel , creating the device is somewhat easy , in comparison . 
   watanabe did his research before making this show . 
  to say the least . 
  whilst i found this episode a bit on the slow-side compared to what i was expecting i enjoyed having good character development . 
  i would also like to thank daisuki for providing an `` all-platform compatible '' youtube link that is not , as far as i can see , region locked . 
  almost all anime-related service are partially or entirely blocked here so having one available is a nice change . 
  their website does n't seem to work for me though . 
  oh well , i 'll try to see if i can fix that somehow . 
  this scene is a bit odd all the way through . 
  plutonium itself is very heavy , so swinging it around like they do seems ... unlikely , especially with a protective case . 
  now , regarding the shooting part . 
  plutonium is bad . 
  very much so . 
  it can kill you in a tone of interesting and awfully painful ways . 
  whilst shooting it would unlikely ( read : would not ) produce a fission reaction it would be a huge pain in the butt for all involved . 
  i 'm sorry if this is how i came off as . 
  i was praising the overall details of the show , reference to security software , websites , locations , techniques and so forth .
