  yet those two people have a wage that is around their respective 's country minimum 's . 
  and both of those country are still among the top half of the world 's richest . 
   well i ca n't afford a ferrari , should i be justified in stealing one because i do n't want to be left out of the ferrari club ? 
  you do n't have the money for a product , well then you do n't get that product . 
  ** tough luck ** . 
  given that you study music i 'm sure you are aware of how big a role it plays in intercultural communication . 
  it is wildly beneficial for people to be able to share common frameworks . 
  the internet and torrents allowed many kids in europe to become fluent in english and understand the usa better . 
  the sharing of ideas through culture is hugely important in the development of an individual and society . 
  so , ultimately , i firmly believe that for a person to be denied access to culture , for arbitrary reason , is bad for us all as a common specie . 
  a simpler example , though a bit fallacious i 'll admit , is that of the kid with the poor parent who was left aside growing up because he had little common cultural ground with the rest of the group . 
  an exhaustive list would take far too long to read , but i can give you a couple of example . 
  - having government/central entity tax and redistribute, 
  - creating a community of fans through the sharing of culture that are willing to support your production, 
  - using services like ulule or kickstarter to finance a single project, 
  - make advertisement contracts with a company ( youtube style ), 
  - sell physical goods, 
  - and many more, 
  there are ways , some are somewhat discouraged by the current status quo , but it is , i believe , coherent with the change i propose . 
   i do n't actually agree with op , though . 
  copyright laws are important , especially to me as a game designer . 
  just a clarification , since i might have expressed myself badly . 
  i 'm not against ip laws as a hole , just against their present form . 
  if you create something your obviously have some right in it 's regard . 
   i completely understand this . 
  however , in this day and age that is a terrible reason . 
  if you have access to the internet ( which i understand some places do not ) then you can use streaming services which are free . 
  not to mention , these streaming services give the artist some money back . 
  it 's a terrible percentage but it 's something nonetheless . 
  if you do n't like ads use grooveshark , if that service is n't up your alley use spotify , if that is n't hip enough for you there 's hundreds of other streaming services poping up everyday not to mention youtube . 
  all these services allow you to access music for free . 
  i agree with you on this part . 
  if you have access to culture for free ... then do n't f **** n pirate . 
  the issue is that many of those services are not available worldwide . 
  spotify only came here recently and hulu , crunchyroll and netflix and not available here ( at least their full library ) . 
  a lot of the content is blocked on youtube in germany , even if it was posted legally , even by the author himself . 
   if you are against paying for music and want to pirate [ ... ], 
  just to clarify that i 'm all in favor of paying for music and i probably have spent more than the average person , relative to income , in cultural content . 
  what i 'm against if the current status quo of ip laws . 
   free market does not equate to the theft of materials or goods , which is scarily similar to what you 're suggesting . 
  i know the usual justifications , `` oh they 're massive firms , they barely lose anything '' , but think about it , there 's possibly millions of people who think like that . 
  each dollar/cent/ruble / euro/pound lost to that line of thinking deprives young and upcoming artists from getting the support they need from these sorta companies . 
  it also deprives young fledgling companies , producing good movies and music of their earnings , which in a free market system , is required to continue functioning . 
  my point , poorly expressed as may be , was that the current status quo of ip laws is safeguarding the antiquated model . 
  this being detrimental to the advancement of society i henceforth believe the status quo needs to be changed . 
   if you can not afford it , why should you have it ? 
  because it is beneficial to society as a hole . 
  in much the same way as education , for example . 
   also , before anyone argues that `` culture '' in the form op is suggesting is n't a luxury , consider the exact media through which it is transmitted ; solid discs , downloads etc. 
  that 's a damn luxury . 
  you pay for that like everyone else should . 
  p2p download , the most common form of data sharing , does not entail any cost to the artist or creator . 
   once again , a luxury . 
  you do not have rights to that . 
  movies , music and everything in between is not needed . 
  it 's not a neccessity . 
  it kills businesses each time someone detracts from their earnings . 
  if the product is not available , then no money is lost . 
   it really does nothing for international relations . 
  simply because a movie is produced with a powerful message , and sure , people will get behind it , does n't mean it 's going to make a tiny shred of difference to the global scheme of things . 
  this is a bit of an oversimplification . 
  the importance of a common , or partially common , framework of cultural reference is invaluable when it comes to intercultural ( and international ) relations . 
  having a better understanding of that which is xenos is a big step in bettering relationship . 
  it 's not a magical cure-all though . 
   i really do n't know what you mean by that last one though , sorry op . 
  it was probably poorly worded . 
  i meant that artist and creators should be protected from having someone else claim they are the creator of their work or have a third party benefit economically from it . 
   if you do n't like it , change the rules , but do n't kid yourself that violating the rules is okay just because it 's easy to do . 
  i 'm not in favor of people breaking their nation 's law . 
  striving to change them is what i defend . 
   [ ... ] and copyright law ceased to exist [ ... ], 
  i 'm not in favor of the abolition of ip laws , just for a change in their present form . 
   nope . 
  the goal of copyright ( in the us at least , as far as i understand it - i 'm not there ) is to promote the useful arts . 
  i have no idea about the u.s. either , so i ca n't really comment there . 
  i have a basic understanding of the bern convention , the eu copyright laws and my nation 's law ( s ) in that matter . 
   say you 're harbouring a fugitive in nazi germany ? 
  or very simply knew that your friend was gay and you live in russia ? 
  or your mother talked shit about kim jong while in north korea ? 
  saying that the law must be followed is a naive worldview . 
  i can only speak within the constrains of the law of my countries of birth and residence , respectively . 
  in those contexts i see no case in which breaking the law would ultimately be beneficial to the group and the self . 
  if i am found in a situation where the interests of the group and the self are shifted so that they go against the present paradigm of the law and immediate action is required then in such circumstances the best course of action would indeed be to break said law . 
  that is , fortunately , very unlikely to happen to me in the near future . 
   if you like it , then you drop the $ 10 ( that 's as much as a pizza , and people are totally willing to spend their money on that even though it lasts once ! ), 
  to go buy the album ( that lasts forever ! ), 
  if you have 10 $ to spend on a pizza , you have 10 $ to spend on culture . 
  if the cultural product you seek ( or any content you would `` pirate ) is available to you for that price then you have no excuse pirating stuff . 
  your action would , in this context by immoral , imo . 
  that is to say : go buy the damn thing !, 
  the sad reality is that there are many people who do not have 10 $ to spend . 
  those people should not , however , be denied access to the content because of that reason , as doing so would be detrimental to the well being of society . 
  just to clarify , i believe firmly that the law should be a framework that benefits the entire group and not a tool to permit an individual to oppress . 
  in other words , the law should not allow for your personal gain to be detrimental to the rest of society . 
  that 's just a clarification , that topic is for another post . 
   in those contexts i see no case in which breaking the law would ultimately be beneficial to the group and the self . 
   i 'm confused - are you saying it is better to turn over your mother or your friend or your fugitive ? 
  i was referring to the set of law of both my country of birth and of residence . 
  i admit my sentence was a bit misleading , my bad . 
   legality is a method for disincentivising illegal activity - that is all .
