   i guess we were poor too but these guys lived in a shack . 
  proletarian hug to you . 
  i 'm fortunate enough to still have food , clean water , electricity and a roof , something a large portion of mankind does n't have . 
  it 's only a 15 year gap , probably far less than what you meant , but i 've noticed that kids ( ~ 10y/old ) are actually interested in learning , and not just using , technology . 
  could i afford it i would have definitely offered you gold for this comment . 
  in lieu of it have an upvote and all my approval . 
   `` nevada court says '', 
  mentioning the country would be slightly better , i believe . 
  virtually everyone on the planet knows about the u.s.a. ^ ( source needed ) , but far less about each individual states . 
  i thought holand ( current president of the french republic ) had the internet blocking part of the law removed and that hadopi , following the `` rapport lescure '' , is moving towards another direction . 
  i 'm a bit outdated on the subject though , so i might be wrong . 
  since we are on the topic of france , a silly example of legislation is that , on medias , every word ( trademarks aside ) that is not in french has to be translated . 
  by law . 
  i find it odd that it 's a legal requirement . 
  the concept of having legal regulation over a language has always been a been odd to me , to be honest . 
  whether it 's a newspaper getting fined for misspelling or a government deciding to dramatically alter a language 's spelling ( see the `` novo acordo ortografico '' of portugal ) . 
  when it comes to translation i find it that over translating and focusing on national language pride is ultimately bad for a country , as it hinders the learning of foreign languages . 
  i understand the reasoning behind it , i just personally do n't agree with it and find the concept strange is all . 
  ultimately it 's for each sovereign nation to do as they will . 
  mhh ... how about `` a u.s. state court ... '' ? 
  i 'm not too familiar with u.s.a. law so i 'm not sure what the best wording would be without being unintelligible for someone outside the states . 
   america has none of that , and yet we rarely speak anything but english, 
  english is the lingua franca so that changes everything . 
  suppose that french still was the lingua franca . 
  i would be confident that far more of an emphasis on learning it would be put in the u.s.a. 
  sidenote : i 'm really glad french is n't the world 's language . 
  it 's my native language , i studied it for 15 years ... and i still ca n't write it without misspelling every three word . 
  i 'm ... not sure what you disagree with . 
  do you mean that the world 's language is not english ? 
  i suspect mandarin is probably used by many people , too , but for many reasons it would not qualify . 
  would you mind clarifying ? 
  ( tiny ) switzerland alone has 26 cantons ( semi independent regions ) . 
  i lived there 15 years and i 'm not sure i could pinpoint all of them on the map . 
  france has it 's departments ( there are over a hundred of the bloody things ! ), 
  and portugal it 's councils ( i just have no idea how many of those there are ) . 
  and the list goes on ... 
  damn europe is complicated . 
  is this attitude specific to the u.s. fans ? 
  i 've met some huge lovers of the show and like it a lot myself but have never encountered the type of behavior that is often attributed to this group . 
  i liked oreimo 's second season , too . 
  but its ending made me want to fly to japan to slap whoever wrote it . 
  [ spoilers ] ( / s `` for lack of better wording , it felt very unsatisfying . 
  despite being a somewhat lonely person i love romances and for one to stop so brutally was frustrating . 
  to be frank any romance option would have been fine but the idea of having these poor two souls live out without being able to fulfill their love is just frustrating . '' ), 
  older edward elric from fma . 
  also allen walker from d grey man , though he could use a hand , literally . 
  how did i forget about him !? 
  definitely a gorgeous one . 
  irish republican army ? 
  gnome 3 : an anime about desktops and lack of power off buttons . 
  i originally watched the french dub when i was around 14 and dropped anime altogether for a couple of years afterwards . 
  after getting into anime more heavily i ended-up rewatching it ( in japanese this time ) and actually enjoyed it quite a bit . 
  my rewatching of it was mostly due to a mal recommendation . 
  [ nope ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1i8val/i_believe_that_piracy_shouldnt_be_illegal_and/ ) . 
  the reasons are the same for anime as they are for other cultural content . 
  i do n't have access to free streaming services here ( no crunchyroll , funimation , etc. 
  ) , i do n't have a t.v. 
  ( and as far as i know they do n't broadcast anime ) nor do i have a dvd or bluray player . 
  anime is not sold here . 
  importing a bluray/dvd would cost me the price of the disks , plus a 23 % tax , plus shipping , plus tax on shipping . 
  and i would still need to buy a reader ( and it 's 23 % tax , obviously ) . 
  my income is far too low for that ( i can barely eat each month and ca n't afford heating , much less buy anime ) . 
  finally : `` piracy '' is legal here . 
  i watched the entire show . 
  i still wonder why to this day . 
  it 's hard to say the exact nature of the damage based solely on the visual , but the arm alone could have been fatal . 
  even if the bone was not crushed by the bite it 's most likely cracked due to pressure , before being effectively broken in multiple points . 
  the arm was left exposed to a non-sterile environment with several gaping wounds , discarding the massive blood-loss as a potential cod . 
  by the visual the impact at ~ 05:14 would cause broken ribs and possibly punctured lungs . 
  there are also the several violent accelerations and impacts which surely have caused internal hemorrhages . 
  it 's safe to say that a `` fall '' from  300cm with an acceleration of more than 1g is a pretty bad thing . 
  see ~ 05:21, 
  simply put , suspension of disbelief is pretty vital here . 
  in all honesty i am fairly hateful of the status quo that led to the state i presently am in . 
  however that is the source of my motivation . 
  if i believe something is wrong i will , to the best of my ability , strive to make it better . 
  i researched political movements and parties for years until i found what i hope is the best bet and focused on this , trying not to think to hard about other unpleasantries . 
  i 've been using textsecure for ~ 1y on cyanogen and can report it works great . 
  it 's not very `` mom friendly '' , but then again , most `` mom '' would not use an android device with a custom rom . 
  great move from the cyanogen community . 
  cheers to them . 
  if it makes it any better i have n't gotten an sms in the past 6 months , and i 'm perfectly fine - now , where is that sneaky rope ... 
  nope . 
  seen it happen in switzerland and it 's alleged to be a big problem in asia . 
  my humble guess would be that it correlates with how culturally competitive a nation is . 
  i 've never heard of `` zero tolerance '' in this context . 
  could clarify a bit what most people are talking about , please ? 
  it depends on the nature of the fight . 
  in a death match i would have to go with a long staff . 
  not many people still know how to use it properly so that might work in my favour . 
  otherwise , if the opponent is bulkier than me ( which is n't hard ) a typical chinese sword would do , though i 'd rather avoid swordfight if possible . 
  it 's actually available here ... that was unexpected . 
  they can come spend a week with . 
  i do n't think i 'm poor , but wealthy i ai n't for sure . 
  no cellphone , car , ca n't afford public transport , holes near the windows , no heating , not spending a dime on anything not related to a basic need . 
  shower 3/4 time a week . 
  sick ? 
  walk to the hospital . 
  need medication that is not fully covered by uhc ? 
  tough shit .
