  they tend to use custom everything and not be very lore friendly , but fairly friendly in terms of the game mechanics . 
  you might also check the steam workshop , if you use the steam version that is . 
  i would add to this great comment that , for a novice , it 's easier to install windows first and then linux . 
  oh gaben this is painful to read . 
  * hacking * on a windows cli ... that must be what awaits naughty black hats in hell . 
  great comic though , gave me a good lough , 
  this may be perspective , but the engines on the right wing look different ( bulkier ) than those on the left wing . 
  my uneducated guess would have been that the engines of the left wing failed and had to be replaced and a `` make do '' with smaller engines was done so the plane could go home . 
  the last engine was then added as failsafe/decoration/ballast / the new guy forgot it there . 
  your explanation is more likely though . 
  although i do n't see how this would be the best way to carry an engine . 
  it seems like a lot more trouble than needed . 
  my `` guess '' was not meant to be taken seriously in any way . 
  i should have been more clear about that , my apologies . 
  the second part was serious though , as i do hardly see how this could be the most efficient way to transport an engine . 
  i 've often mentioned this when talking about jk 's stuff , but the reputation it has for needing a quad titanz sli is not true . 
  i 've ran all his mods , with another 100 or so mod , @ 1920p , with graphics at max , on my ati hd4870 1gb . 
  it 's true that my gpu is somewhat overclocked , but nothing close to a gtx970 . 
  it does cause some fps drop , but nothing that makes playing uncomfortable . 
  it 's more an issue of optimising the game and mods than of raw power . 
  the french language used in the show is very accurate . 
  not only is it properly spelled , but it 's actually clever and used correctly . 
  might as well have been written by a native . 
  the weapons portrayed were all in use at that time . 
  conscription and mobilisation of the general populas was only introduced centuries later in france , however , but it 's not unthinkable that some fit man would be dragged into war . 
  / r/askhistorians would be a better place to ask this . 
  i did recognise some of the banners and their symbolism , but it must be a good decade since i last read on the french h\u00e9raldique , so i 'm bound to be very rusty . 
  finally the battle was actually quite well portrayed . 
  they were chaotic , mercenary did take inconsiderate risk for profit and were looked down on ( at that time ) . 
  mud was also a big part . 
  spears , also . 
  very good indeed . 
  not perfect , but very good . 
  finland : modern day 's sparta . 
  except colder . 
  and with more invoking the devil through death metal and coffee sacrifices and less rapping of boys . 
  true . 
  three years ago a gigabyte of data could have cost upwards of a million euro , now it runs at about 15 $ / g. 
  let 's hope it continues this way . 
  i do n't think the windows logo is very fitting though . 
  not all in the master race bow down to micro $ oft 's tyranny . 
  gaben though , he is a benevolent dictator . 
  microsoft is a company and is therefore greedy . 
  where a free and open source system ** may ** be greedy . 
  nothing against the folk that run windows , to each his own , but i 'll stick with my debian . 
  did the more advanced martial techniques of japan and china also caused the portuguese to think twice before acting ? 
  how about the jesuits ? 
  i know they were present and active in japan , although their mission ultimately ended tragically . 
  did they try to influence against ( or in favour ) of slavery ? 
   the west african states could also defeat any portuguese attacks during most of the period of the atlantic slave trade . 
  til , thank you . 
  in fact i knew next to nothing of what you wrote , so thank you very much for taking the time to write down an answer . 
   different systems have their pros and cons . 
  a company driven by profit will yield different results than an open sourced system . 
  the best thing is diversity and choice . 
  i agree 100 % with you on that one . 
  as a guy i actually love to find a potential companion , be it friend or more , that is more knowledgeable/more skilled than i am . 
  being an ass about it is n't really helpful , but if you want me to get into your bed just tell me about quantum physics and you 'll melt my heart . 
  somehow i suspect whatever the equivalent of riaa/gema/etcetera on mars is wo n't let netflix come . 
  they 'll just loby the ~ ~ little green ~ ~ man . 
  on the plus side i 'm sure there is already a porn stash hidden inside curiosity 's pod . 
  it 's interesting to see this pop-up . 
  yesterday i was discussing substance usage education and we arrived at the conclusion that messages like this do n't work or are possibly detrimental . 
  i personally believe that the best way to dissuade younger (  13y/old ) audiences to use those products is explain how they are made , what they are made off and what the effect are ( and look like ) . 
  it 'll also help demystify some substances i hope . 
  i believe [ a movie is in the works ] ( https://hummingbird.me/anime/girls-und-panzer-movie ) . 
  live in portugal , can confirm . 
  discovery channel will not have topgear s22 for now ( no date announced ) , nor has any other local channel bought it * afaik * . 
  if you have bbc2 try your luck there . 
  considering the same channel broadcasts for both spain and portugal it 's likely the show will not be shown in spain either , at least not on discovery . 
  although it 's possible an other channel bought the license . 
  you might be able to watch it online , if you are willing to put-up with flash and proxies or just wait a couple hours and it should be on torrents . 
  the show ends at ~ 21:00 ( gmt , obviously ) so soon after on torrents i imagine . 
   the first episode of season 22 to be aired live on iplayer worldwide !, 
  as long as your `` world '' is restricted to the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enxw0ieckzk ) ? 
  i do n't know if this is the case on all gpu and psu ( i strongly doubt it ) , but in my case i found that the cpu plug and gpu socket would not fit together , thanks to clever `` angled '' pins . 
  instead of all the pins being square some on both the socket and plug are octagonal . 
  but only the gpu plug matches the gpu socket and cpu plug the cpu socket . 
  i have an ati hd4870 ( gpu ) , a p5q3 ( mobo ) and a gs700 ( psu ) . 
  in case this matters . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what gpu are you running ? 
  i have two gaming pc , a desktop ( that i built ) and a laptop ( that i got free ) . 
  both have an hd4xxx gpu ( 4870 on the desktop , a mobile version on the laptop ) . 
  in both case the drivers are shit . 
  depending on the situation and the flavour i 'm running i either have sub-bar performance on games , tearing and can run source ( but not steam ) or have shit performance in game and ca n't run source ) but can run steam ) . 
  ( that 's on the dekstop btw ) . 
  so currently ( and ever since i 've had this gpu ) i 've been using linux for almost everything but a small drive is dedicated to windows for games - and that 's despite the fact i hate using windows , with a passion . 
  and i 'm not going to talk about macosx to avoid being rude ( but i hated having to use it ) . 
  tl ; dr : linux is great for games so long as you do n't have and amd gpu . 
  who needs rockets and science when you 've got giants ? 
  fastest way to reach leo since 11/11/11 !, 
  order your giant lift-off now and get a free lydia voodoo doll !, 
  * nasa ( nirn 's aeronautical space agency ) denies all responsibility for damage or death occuring during or after launch . 
  the swastika looks a bit tatami-ish . 
  maybe if it were a bit bigger or featured wider lines ? 
  you may want to mess around with inverting the colour , too . 
  one major feature of the nazi flag was it 's striking red ( possibly to gain support from `` socialist '' factions ? ) . 
  regardless , i think this is a good flag . 
  just not `` in your face '' enough for the nazi .
