   what if you said to the waiter that italian food is better than french ? 
  `` some people just want to watch the world burn '' . 
  it wo n't be putin or china that sparks ww3 , it 'll be some mischievous redditor by the name of / u/guppyscum ... you sadistic scum ... 
  the two symbols on the character 's chest look ... odd . 
  like stickers put later on or ( nowadays ) a very bad photoshop . 
  i actually think the idea of this poster is interesting for it 's time period ( and considering the ... less than positive [ relationship china had with the uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opium_wars ) ) . 
  the execution however is rather poor . 
  the only element i thought was good is the fat `` uk '' , quite a good caricature . 
  in my experience there is n't much difference between a decent and affordable media player like the sansa clip or fuse and a very expensive player , sound wise . 
  unless you use specific technologies or high impedance equipment , the sansa should do just fine . 
  as i rule of thumb dac are amongst the parts that will yield the smallest benefit in terms of audio for the money . 
  not that upgrading is n't worth it , but it 's a small benefit in terms of audio for the money . 
  dac devices are pretty decent nowadays , at least in portable devices and fixed computer and sinking a lot of money in them will , again , only yield a small benefit . 
  they will help greatly fix hissing noise , however . 
  you may also want to give . ogg ( or another lossy format ) a try . 
  i personally ca n't tell between a decent mp3 / . ogg and a flac / . ape . 
  some people seem to be able to do so , however , so your mileage may very . 
  this is quite a good piece . 
  the shape , scales and ... well , most of it look actually very real . 
  it does n't look so much like a piece of a cosplay as much as an actual helm . 
  the metal shits on top look slightly odd though . 
  did you use some sort of plaster that was stretched ? 
  maybe it 's from the light or the type of paint , but it sticks out a bit . 
  anyway , i 've seen quite a lot of good custom cosplay parts and this one is really top notch for its category . 
   yeah , sure , i 'm probably over-thinking it , but other than that i think it was meant to show as if the soviets are doing 50 % of the battle while the us and uk share the other 50 % . 
  the american intervention against the nazi was overplayed over the years . 
  the nazi regime was doomed to failed , with or without the direct military intervention of the us . 
  however the american played an extremely important part in preventing `` uncle jo-jo '' from repainting the flags of the west in red . 
   also the metal shits ? 
  i meant the metal sheets . 
  not shits ... sorry . 
  that 's what happens when i speak my forth language at two in the morning . 
  it really puts consoles into perspective , when you think they ca n't match the resolution of portable devices when using them for their intended purpose . 
  obviously portable devices have less power , but they are actually better at doing what they do . 
  this feels homely to me . 
  i still see several of those windmill everyday . 
  most are n't working though . 
  it 's maybe a bit of a silly reason , but that 's enough for me to like this one . 
  oh how jeremy 's opinion of the f150 changed . 
  a few years ( well , probably over a decade ) he said it was the worst car he 'd ever driven . 
  and at that time , on that model , i 'd agree . 
  maybe it 's down to the guys at hennessey ? 
  or maybe ford has improved their pick-up a lot ? 
  both ? 
  interestingly a study had shown that labrador and lab-mutts were responsible for the greatest number of dog related injuries ( in the e.u. ) . 
  however , regardless of the veracity of this conclusion , you ca n't draw from it that labs are dangerous . 
  a bigger , stronger , heavier dog - no matter his breed or gentleness - carries a greater risk of injuring a person enough that they seek medical help ( and thus register as a dog-related injury ) . 
  on a side note i would also point out that many people choose a dog that is not ideal for them . 
  a small , lightweight , older women should not adopt a very powerful and energetic big dog . 
  my dog and i have been attacked several times , albeit we never were seriously injured . 
  all of those happened because the owner of the dog did n't have enough strength to hold their dog . 
  even i , a fairly strong and fit young-ish guy have to be respectful of some of the bigger dog sheer strength and be mindful of that when walking one so an old lady should not adopt an ovcharka ( true story that one ) . 
    a study had shown that labrador and lab-mutts were responsible for the greatest number of dog related injuries ( in the e.u. ) . 
  however , regardless of the veracity of this conclusion , you ca n't draw from it that labs are dangerous . 
   what is bad about this statement is that there is no perspective in your post as to what the percentage of labs and lab-mutts are of the total dog population in the e.u. 
   for instance if labs / lab mutts were a total of 5 % of all dogs in the region and account for 90 % of all injuries , then that would point to the breed being susceptible to injuring people . 
  however if the breed represents 90 % of all dogs in the region then obviously it would be responsible for most of the injuries . 
   this is like the bermuda triangle ( where there is a high concentration of ship and aircraft traffic ) or why most car accidents happen close to home ( this is where most driving is done ) . 
  complete statistics give the clear picture . 
  that 's the point i was trying to convey . 
  or at least one of them . 
  statistics are very useful , but it 's very easy to draw false conclusions from it . 
  whilst i would `` only '' rank code : geass in my top ten , it 's ending is the best ending i 've seen for any anime i 've watched in the past decade !, 
  all hail lelouch !, 
  [ code : geass r2 ending ] ( / s `` do n't you dare tell me lelouch is dead !, 
  he is n't ! ... please ... please do n't be dead . '' ), 
  in my experience dealing with brazilian it should be `` energia e progresso '' . 
  i love you brazilian folks , but order is not your strong suit . 
  but you make for great english students . 
  regarding ati/amd drivers on linux : in my experience they do n't work very well . 
  depending on their mood they : cut gpu performance to ~ 25 % , cut vram to 25 % , cause screen tearing , etc. 
  i 've never encountered these issues together and simply going from a card to another or a distribution to another will change problems , but never have i once seen amd drivers work as expected on tux . 
  as such i would not recommend getting an amd gpu if you plan on running linux . 
  you should be specially mindful of crossfire config . 
  nevertheless you should do some research before hand , specially when running multiple gpu with a gui . 
  i would be curious to see the percentage for ( wan ) servers . 
  i suspect it would be reversed , with tux at the top . 
  still , i 'm glad minecraft runs on tux . 
  shame about scrolls though . 
   amd 's open drivers can be quite decent but still are n't perfect , though they are very stable . 
  over the past ten years or so i 've tried many different gpu from ati/amd on linux , starting ( if i remember correctly ) with an ati9500 . 
  both with proprietary drivers and open-source drivers ( when , and if , available ) . 
  they 've systematically been problematic . 
  usually the open-source are stable , but are also buggy . 
  the proprietary tended to be less buggy and slightly more efficient , but still far behind their windows counterparts . 
  i 've stopped using amd gpu on linux with the 5xxx gpu series . 
  nvidia has had issues too , specially being slightly less efficient on tux than windows , about 66-80 % . 
  still much better than the 20-25 % of amd . 
  again , this is personal experience and it does not include all ( nor most ) gpu or gpu combinations . 
  other brands , however , were nightmare-inducing . 
  anything outside of nvidia/amd/intel that was not specially designed to work with linux simply did not work at all . 
  in fact i 've got an older laptop whose gpu is unusable . 
   go with amd is you care about open source, 
  oddly enough i 'd tend to agree with that . 
  whilst amd is n't necessarily an open-source company , [ they are friendlier than nvidia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iywzmvlj2rq ) . 
  thank you for your nice answer . 
  i 've got an hd4870 , a trusty card that i still use to this day . 
  however performance on linux has been catastrophic . 
  i use the open drivers for it and on both debian and ubuntu i get less than 1/5 of the performance i get on windows . 
  the proprietary drivers are terrible too , although they did get slightly better with time .
