  he would go to drink water , but being a dog he 'd shove the entire nose in . 
  then try to breath ( because dog ) . 
  that would make bubbles . 
  he would then want to catch and smell the bubbles ( because dog ) . 
  as a result he would put his face further into water and make more bubbles . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  tl ; dr : because dog . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  in this case i was n't at all thinking about the u.s. but about european officials . 
  i should have made that clear . 
  but my point was about luxury , not safety . 
  many heads-of-state use public funds to finance unnecessary ( and often very expensive ) excesses . 
  on the road a german family car is n't much safer against a ied than a prius . 
  if security experts ( which i am not ) believe it is necessary to have an armoured vehicle , i have no qualms . 
  however luxury should come out of the officials own fund and not the public 's . 
  in much the same way i would never complain about the cost of having eurofighters escort some official 's plane . 
  quite the contrary . 
  but quality led are designed to last , because it 's a huge selling point . 
  they are rather expensive as an initial investment , so they are ( for now ) largely sold to companies . 
  household led can vary a bit , even two seemingly identical lamps in similar environment can fail at vastly different times . 
  i dislike the white border on the star , but otherwise a pretty good flag . 
  easy to draw and identify , pretty stricking . 
  a bit too aggressive for my taste though . 
  better episode . 
  the do n't like the new stiarpc but then again i did n't like it before either . 
  this new series feels like a less thrilling , softer , quieter top gear . 
  any show and not `` the '' show , if you will . 
  pretty , glossy , watchable and relatively entertaining , but not `` omg a new season is here '' . 
  however , is it me or did they announce they are going to have a review of the tesla model x ? 
  considering tesla sued the bbc last time i 'm surprised . 
  wait and see i guess . 
  til there is such a thing as refueling in flight for helicopter . 
  and much like everything helicopter related it seems absolutely nerve wrecking . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
   nerve-racking *, 
  or wracking , according to the dictionary . 
  anyway , thanks for the correction , always nice to learn something new , 
  relatively recently one of my player 's character ( with an awesome , but very bulky armour ) died . 
  i gave him the opportunity to come back `` for a price '' . 
  he took it . 
  now he is an empty armour . 
  he got a couple of new strength and weakness and a lot of weird looks . 
  but he seems to enjoy playing this character more now . 
  anyway , my point is that i try to adapt the `` curse '' to the players . 
  much more fun this way . 
  nope . 
  but his nickname is fullmetal . 
  along `` bosslayer '' for the sorcerer and `` glasscannon '' for the rogue . 
  amazon prime is n't available for most of the world 's population . 
  granted the people most likely to pay for the show are in those countries . 
  now the fact is people will watch the show . 
  and if no legal ( and easy enough ) option is available then the show will get pirated much more . 
  personally , if the show is available legally , i will have no problem paying to watch it . 
  but i very much doubt it will be the case ( top gear 's current `` travesty '' is n't available , for example ) . 
  nor is netflix , crunchyroll or hulu , for that matter . 
  gorgeous design . 
  i shamefully admit i know nothing about milwaukee , but if this becomes official i 'll at least know that it has an awesome flag . 
  simple , striking , to the point , easy to understand but with smaller details to stimulate curiosity . 
  overall a very well done piece , i like it . 
  noob question : why use the proton instead of the more modern ( and reliable ? ), 
  i 'm sure there is a reason , but besides ksp and youtube i do n't know much about rockets . 
  portuguese is an ungodly abomination to pronounce and enunciate . 
  i like how it sounds , but by heaven it is a pain to get right . 
  source : had to learn portuguese . 
  i still ca n't say `` pilhas '' ( or the `` lhe '' phoneme ) . 
  this may be a bit basic of a question , but how do you stir/fly a balloon across the globe ? 
  montgolfi\u00e8res are ( seamingly ) a pain to move around properly and winds at high altitude are notoriously strong . 
  this look fairly modern . 
  i 'm by no means knowledgeable on the history of steam , but from my layman perspective it looks like a modern interpretation of an old design . 
  but it could be an exact copy or even an original . 
  do you have any more info on it by chance ( besides tales of charred buttocks ) ? 
  this is all kind of awesome . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  you could say it 's a stellar success ! ... 
  hum ... 
  but i have to give credit to paradox for making the game run like butter on linux . 
  i wonder how much the big football thing ( euro foot something ? ), 
  affects the ratings . 
  it seems like a bit of a shot in the foot to broadcast the show during this period . 
  on a side note i really liked chris harris . 
  he was awesome before , awesome on extra gear ( better than the main show right now ) and really awesome on the big show . 
  * facepalm * that 's what i get for typing on my phone in the middle of the night . 
  appologise for the aberration i wrote , it should be fixed now . 
  i was taught in high school about imaginary numbers and other highly abstract concept in math class . 
  things my classmate that went to engineering courses never used . 
  the reasons for teaching this always baffled me and the teacher themselves did n't know them . 
  i 'm not complaining about my high school education , it was cheap enough ( public school ) and quite good . 
  but i do wonder why certain very specific skills were chosen over more common ones . 
  i 'm sure there is a good reason though . 
  this was probably made under orders ( or even by ) the third reich . 
  it looks like it came from vichi so my guess is that it 's a pro-nazi work targeted towards the french population . 
  these things are pretty common . 
  they do n't really look that unusual to me . 
  but regardless , thanks for sharing . 
  it 's always interesting to see that what one may consider unusual is common place for someone else . 
  i had no idea . 
  i live ~ 6000km off the american continent . 
  that must take some nerve to pull off . 
  i already find getting aligned with a landing strip to be a challenge ... 
  on a side note , why does a relatively small plane like this have four engines ?
