  ... and if so , does it sound similar to that of other people ? 
  hello ,, 
  i 've noticed that in many countries one needs `` only '' to share pedophilic material to be concidered a criminal ( which , imo , makes a fair aumount of scence ) . 
  however i have not yet found a clear answer in lawbooks regarding the voluntary exposition of oneself . 
  is it just concidered voyeurism ? 
  also , if a minor posses picture of himself naked , can he be accused of detaining child pornography ? 
  i realise these questions may sound odd , but they are things i genuinly wondered about while going through high school . 
  hello ,, 
  this is a tricky question that 's been on the back of my mind and despite talking it over with hundred of persons ( including many psychologist ) i have it to form an educated opinion . 
  the question is as follow : when one undertake a cosmetic surgery for no medical purpose ( that is , put aside sex changes , reconstruction , etc ) , do they really , as they often claim , do it only for the pleasure they take from looking `` good '' according to themselves or do they actually do it to change , or at least believe to change , the outlook other persons have on them ( even inconsistently ) . 
  note : by stating `` for one-self '' i do not mean for one 's happiness , but for one 's happiness and well being that is taken for the outlook one has on him or herself , regardless of society 's opinion . 
  for example : having a very high iq . 
  most people do n't realise the hardship these people go through . 
  imagine the following experiment :, 
  you shoot two identical projectile inside a fluid ( air , for example ) , at the exact same velocity , with very little interval . 
  discarding gravity and any obstacle and/or change in density , would the second projectile go faster than the first ( not than it 's initial velocity , but rather would loose less momentum ) , since it would be taking advantage of the decreased air-pressure ( and thus friction ) created by the first object . 
  if this would indeed happen , what would be the limits of it ? 
  ( `` transformation '' of the fluid into plasma due to friction , projectile with specific shapes that do not create low air-pressure , etc ) . 
  thank you for your answers , 
  i 've been having this internal debate with myself for quite a while and wanted your take on it . 
  if you buy/use products such as windows/os x ( i am going to use the os `` war '' as an example because i worked in i.t. , replace it with whatever fits better for you ) i am actively contributing in reinforcing the strength of the corporation producing this products and thus contributing to capitalism . 
  however , in many cases , there are no alternatives or the alternatives is impractical . 
  in i.t. 
  there are the oses based on linux kernel ( fedora , arch , etc ) , but that 's not always the case . 
  were would you define the limit between not contributing to the growth of capitalism and large fortunes and simply not being able to participate ( if i print 300 communist flyers with an epson printer i bought , is it okay ? ) . 
  edit : thank you all for your answers . 
  you did reinforce my idea that boycott , unless done in a very large scale are vowed to fail but working on alternatives is always good . 
  my conclusion would be as follow : as long as there is no alternative to the tools you are using to live and promote the revolution , keep using them . 
  however , always choose to promote free and crowed sourced alternative to option owned and controlled by large corporation ( understand : use linux instead of windows/mac , but do n't go crazy and build your own computer with cooper you and your comrade mined ) . 
  good morning ,, 
  this is a question i 've had for a long time that 's been bugging me . 
  i can best describe it with an example , it goes something like this :, 
  say i am a person in a free-market society . 
  i decide to create a site/journal that reviews chocolates . 
  through my hard work only ( i have no employee ) i manage to get my review to the top and everyone trusts me ( or the site ) when it comes to chocolate because i 've been honest and thorough . 
  now , my site make me a decent wage and i can live fine , but i want a bit more because i just married ( fair enough ) . 
  what i do is , using some money i saved-up , build a chocolate factory/chocolate company but do n't tell anyone it 's mine . 
  using my site , that has a near monopoly on the market because it was genuinely better , i tell everyone that these chocolates are the best and build a huge hype over them ( apple style ) . 
  those chocolates are actually fine ( average ) but priced high . 
  at that point what happens is that i have a company that sells average products by the buckets because i falsely told everyone they were good . 
  now , surprisingly , the issue i take with this is not a matter of honesty or the sort , but rather the way competition would deal with this . 
  since everyone now trusts my site that says to buy my chocolate , other company that would want to start a business will have a near insurmountable disadvantage . 
  would it not be fair to have a law/rule that state that one person can not use his/her power in a certain business ( chocolate reviewing ) to promote another business ( my chocolate making ) in order to promote fair competition and thus promote better and cheaper products ? 
  note : i realise this exampled is flawed , but please try to grasp the idea . 
  my point is simply to ask if competition should not be levelled by who works the hardest/in the most cunning way rather than by who has the most power/wealth . 
  also , chocolate is harmless ( and delicious ! ), 
  but such a scheme could be used in harmful way . 
  thank you for your time and for ( hopefully ) answering . 
  good [ insert time of the day ] comrades . 
  i was reading [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1c49ev/one_of_the_largest_mass_killing_of_humans_in/ ) on / r/askhistorians and saw that the top voted comment had this statement `` with ukraine during the holodomor , joseph stalin dynamited the levees , summoned the hurricane , and shot those who tried to escape '' . 
  i did some light research ( googled it ) and it would seems that the `` losses due to the famine amounted to 10 million , with 3.9 million famine deaths , and a 6.1 million birth deficit . '', 
  ( wikipedia ), 
  is there any true to this ? 
  and if so succeed , were the cause purely involuntary or did the soviet official knowingly caused the starvation . 
  thank you for your attention . 
  ps : you have my most sincere apologies for the awful spelling and lack of accents . 
  i have a uk keyboard and am not fully familiar with the pt layout . 
  as stated in the title , it is my most sincere belief that piracy , as in `` thepiratebay '' piracy , should n't be illegal . 
  there are several reasons for this . 
  - for better or worst , we live within a free market system . 
  that entails that business need to adapt and live with their time . 
  protecting outdated ways will slow the progress of mankind as a hole . 
  - many people , including myself , can not afford culture but should n't be left out of society for that reason . 
  barriers like access to computers or other devices is already enough of a limit . 
  - people living in countries without access to foreign culture . 
  access to movies , music , shows , paintings , etc from different point of the globe is often difficult for people living in smaller , more isolated nations . 
  - it allows for cultural exchange , contributing to world peace and forwarding the cause of humankind . 
  it also allow many people to learn foreign languages , like english or japanese . 
  - by allowing for non-commercial usage of cultural production only , artist are still protected from abuse and from having their creation stolen . 
  which , mind you , is the goal of copyright . 
  - finally , i 'd conclude by saying that it 's been proven that people are more than willing to pay for culture . 
  websites like ulule and kickstarter are good examples of this . 
  a while ago i got into a discussion with a comrade about the situation in belarus . 
  he defended the official position of the local communist party , stating that actions against the government of the country was an aggression against the sovereignty of the proletariat . 
  i , on the other hand , defended that only imperialist action by capitalist nations where bad and that i had strong reserve regarding how much power the proletariat has in belarus and how socialist it 's government is . 
  i do not question that , at some point , belarus was a socialist nation but it is very hard for me to believe it still is . 
  so , my question is , as communist , where do we draw the line between what is imperialism and counter-revolutionary and what is helping overthrow oppressive regimes ? 
  it is my understanding that the expansion of the univers redshifts light and that , relatively speaking , it expends ftl . 
  does that mean a photon will continuously be redshifted down the light spectrum ? 
  if so is there a limit to wavelength ? 
  as i stated in the title , i 've got my first dog recently . 
  i grew-up with dogs and my family had one , but this is the first one i must care for alone . 
  he is a 7 month old male , mini greyhound crossed with an epagneul breton . 
  he weights 11kg and is 50cm tall . 
  he can run at speeds greater than 30km/h , which is getting troublesome . 
  i 've been buying him `` puppy '' dry dog food and it 's the only type of food he can eat without getting stomach problem . 
  here are the things i 'm not sure about :, 
  - i would like to sterilize ( castrate ) him but i 'm unsure when is the best time to do this . 
  - he needs to be vaccinated against rabies , but i 'm unsure when is the best time frame , with the sterilization in mind , to do that . 
  - he has started not answering when called and pulling strongly on the leash . 
  given his speed it 's very hard to catch him when he does not want to come . 
  what solutions are there ? 
  - he has always been obsessed with food . 
  if i 'm around he will be calm and respectful and wo n't touch anything or even stare , but as soon as i 'm not around he will run for anything he can catch ( and considering he can jump three time his height ... he will `` catch 'em ` all '' ) . 
  as soon as i get back he will cower away . 
  - if he poops in the house , which is rare , he will eat it and get sick/vomit . 
  is there any way to teach him not to do that ? 
  i 'm also concerned about how much physical exercise he needs . 
  i 'm not exactly fit , but i can walk 40km fairly easily ( and he loves it ) or play with him alot if needed . 
  i never seem to be able to get him tired tough .
