  does that make irishmen potatoes ? 
  and the swiss into cheese ? 
  if so i 'd love to eat some melted swiss on top of some boiled irish . 
  as others have said that 's a nice application of an old concept . 
  i like the minimalist approach , specially in saturated urban environment . 
  but the execution is n't all there yet . 
  the text is n't easy to read and does n't flow fully naturally . 
  maybe a color gradient towards the `` you are '' ? 
  i appreciate the point you make . 
  it 's not entirely about trust , i believe , as most of the data ( including how it was gathered ) is available . 
  if one issue ( say gmo ) is very important to you it 's possible to acquire a large enough body of knowledge and evidence to establish a good degree of certainty . 
  in the case of gmo , for example : monsanto wants to make money . 
  not kill their customer , slay puppies or murder your mom . 
  they are a ridiculously over regulated company ... 
  however i will agree that on most issue you do have to `` trust '' the body of experts . 
  but it 's also important to understand that an overwhelming consensus is almost always correct . 
  i believe in this case you might have had a bad personal experience with the people , but this does n't change the science . 
  i have no doubt about climate change . 
  i was fortunate enough to learn the details of how and why , at ( literally ) an atomic level . 
  at the time there was n't much talk about climate change though . 
  but the reality of climate change is not the question , imo . 
  the way policies are written around it is the big question . 
  i have personal opinions on how best to address climate change and i hope people on this sub also do . 
  and i vehemently encourage you to fight for what you believe is the best way and against what you see as wrong . 
  if you believe nationalising everything is good , go for it . 
  since i do n't agree , i 'll oppose that . 
  tl ; dr : when there is no consensus it 's about trust or personal research . 
  but a consensus ( such as climate change or gmo ) is almost guaranteed to be correct and we should act in accordance to evidence and do policy based on that . 
  they are legion in europe . 
  one of the most common cars around . 
  bit of a running shoe of the cars . 
  is n't classy , is n't all that cheap and wo n't make you go fast , but are comfortable and looks cool . 
  so that 's why . 
  i was trying to think how the hell they mixed that up . 
  `` put up the flag that has red and a big star '' ? 
  but that 's a new one . 
  still , could be worst , like using taiwan 's flag . 
  that would have been quite a lot more ... interesting . 
  i was a bit disappointed by the fact they did n't use the android/rand ( ) . 
  if you enemy can , with reasonable accuracy , assert your next move , then make your next move random . 
  or better yet : use the android . 
  the seers think she is just a machine so they could have used the chip to make her human like and exploit her unpredictable nature . 
  even if they know she is n't human computers can be random enough . 
  an opponent overconfident is begging to be tricked . 
  that nitpick asside i liked this episode . 
  i do n't like nyx much , not sure why . 
  she seems like two without leadership . 
  and she did n't seem all that moved by finally getting her brother back at first . 
  the show is really enjoyable . 
  it 's like i 'm 15 tuning in to stargate again . 
  and bonus : it 's the only show i watch that 's broadcasted over here ( within 3y of realese ) , so i can watch it legally . 
  a couple things i noticed . 
  first this was originally published in november 2011 ( to give so context ) . 
  secondly it seems to focus exclusively on the u.s. ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  thirdly i would need to see the sources and methodologies to be able to make an informed opinion about this article . 
  as a side note social inequality is growing rapidly and is a huge issue for any group or society . 
  the current system in western countries as well as china is failing to address that . 
  whatever the future holds it is something that must be dealt with . 
  this is great propaganda . 
  not too `` in your face '' , easily readable and understandable by its target audience and technically , mostly , sorta , true . 
  it ignores the complexities , subtility and details of reality to make a strong and striking point . 
  i love it ( as a piece of propaganda ) . 
  thanks for sharing it . 
  it 's not exactly the best piece around . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of the colour scheme and it 's not that easy to read . 
  it 's not very attractive either . 
  on the other hand it managed to make me laugh , which goes a long way into conveying a message and making it stay . 
  u.s. politics is n't my specialty , but my guess is that this is meant to either use a preexisting perception to gather love/hate and generate revenue ( click bait ) or to galvanise the `` not trump '' side . 
  maybe hoping to make people who would be `` on the fence '' or that just do n't care come to your side . 
  i do n't think this is a pro democrat or pro hillary work . 
  more a `` trump is silly and can make us ( host site ) money '' . 
  and noisy . 
  very , very noisy . 
  they are lifesavers . 
  i live in portugal and i 've been relatively close to forest fires several times over the years and the drops firefighting planes make are amazing . 
  it 's astonishing that the wings do n't shear with some of the stunts these craft pull . 
  i have the utmost respect for firefighters , wether they are manning a fire lance , working as a mechanic on a plane or piloting an aircraft . 
  this beast is one of my favourite planes . 
  it 's up there with the sr71 , mig 25 , edit : ~ ~ mig ~ ~ su 47 , valkyrie and concorde ( the planes that were seen as awesome when i was a kid , before the b2 ) . 
  it 's so ... big ... and yet so swift . 
  i 'd love to be able to see one some day . 
  the heat from those furnaces must be quite something !, 
  although you might disagree with her you might want to actually try to learn as much as possible from her . 
  if this professor has achieved a certain recognition and influence in your country it may be useful to understand why . 
  terrible ideas often become popular and understanding why is very important . 
  the phenomenon of echo chamber and `` us versus them '' can be a trap . 
  as such i would advise you to listen to her , try to see what seems wrong about her ideas and build from there . 
  in doing so you 'll refine your own knowledge and rhetoric . 
  as an asside , and if you do n't mind me asking , where do you live ? 
  if the specific country is problematic the general region would do ( just so i can get a sense of the cultural background your teacher is coming from ) . 
  unfortunately i do n't know enough about the philippines to comment on local policies . 
  it does seem ideas are floating around and debate is happening , which is good . 
  regarding your own pursuit just remember to check why people might disagree and try to find either scientific data or historical evidence . 
  where there case of similar legislation being implemented ? 
  maybe in similar nations ? 
  how well did they work ? 
  there are historical ( and contemporary ) examples where the lack of regulations had awful consequences and many other examples where regulations have had terrible consequences . 
  so long as your reasoning is n't fallacious and does n't go against the evidence your position will be easily defendable . 
  and this will have the added benefit of preparing the terrain for any thesis you might have to write . 
  anyway , best of luck with your studies !,
