  i 've been to all those countries , i speak , to some degree , the local languages and i 've read about their history and some of their literature . 
  and i ca n't really see how they would be particularly related to antisemitic or antizionistic ( spelling ? ), 
  feelings . 
  many european country have different modern relationship with the jewish community : france , germany , the u.k. , poland , etc. 
  do you mean any of those ? 
  i 'm afraid i do n't really see what you are talking about . 
  would you mind going into a bit more details ? 
  polan has best `` vodka '' . 
  i do n't know what in the name of beelzebub they put in there , but it was n't clear , made me very drunk and , by god , was delicious . 
  like ... coffee that has had sex with strawberries and birthed a million rainbows of creamy chocolate . 
  or it was lsd , guess i 'll never know . 
  still , polan has best vodka . 
  my `` fatherland '' ( switzerland ) 's far-right sounds something along the line of `` sieg heil kill all the niggers burn the commis only arians are true people '45 never forget '' ... 
  so , you know , kinda well known . 
  on the plus side it 's not like they are one of the larger party in the country * cough * * cough * . 
  i love this one . 
  it 's perfect for its time , well made , clear , clever and sports the best design of `` comrade stalin a.k.a. 
  uncle jo-jo '' . 
  if you have any more in the same style , specially with stalin era soviet leaders , i would love to see them . 
  i do n't really like this one . 
  the gun on the bottom jumps at you , the `` think '' tends to antagonise people who are leaning or already `` against guns '' , it 's a poster with english text that does not take into account the culture of the people involved in the event it refers to and , personally , i find it off bad taste . 
  whilst this is subjective i would say this is the worst poster i 've seen this year so far . 
  i still have to see any wireless phone charger being sold in a brick and mortar store where i live ( pt ) . 
  but then again the nexus5 was being sold locked more than twice the unlocked price from google . 
  people here can be a bit ... reactionaries , often choosing to stick to whatever they have rather than risk new ideas . 
  they are also a bit...nation-centred , so the average bloke wo n't pick up on trends and techs from outside until major local companies or media pick them up . 
  an example of that was that hi5 was the most popular social networking site , unlike the rest of europe ( eu ) who was using myspace . 
  and then facebook bulldozed all . 
  i got my current chair second hand for 15 $ . 
  it was perfectly clan and barely used , cost around 45 $ new . 
  whilst i definitely agree with the benefit of getting a good chair , it 's hard to justify spending upwards of 100 $ on an item that can so easily get damaged ( kids and dogs ) . 
  obviously , if you can afford it , buy a nice chair , but i personally would recommend you focus your limited financial resources on hardware and use cheaper , or possibly second hand , furniture . 
  for example my 2m square desk cost me , with included library and storage , about 120 $ . 
  i got 14 compartments , plus all the workspace for that . 
  you can also , provided you have access to the tools and space , built your own stuff . 
  it 's likely going to either be cheaper or the same price but much more durable . 
  dear / u/wikipedialyte ,, 
  it has come to our attention you used the words `` copyright violation '' in your following comment :, 
   im terribly sorry , but the small text `` i did '' is my intellectual property and you are in copyright violation germoney . 
  i demand you take this comment down , as you could retransmit my property to others unwittingly . 
  unfortunately ( for you ) the usage of those words is intellectual property of gema ( germany 's assholes ) . 
  as such we have frozen all your asset ( s ) , taken your facebook account ( s ) , appropriated all your bases and fined you and your descendants for three generations , for a total of 5 ' 000 ' 000 ~ ~ marks ~ ~ euro . 
  if you believe this is an error , tough luck , pay up ( * look it up , that 's true * ) . 
  best wishes ,, 
  gema : serving the german people since the * machtergreifung * . 
  they are interesting and well written , just not very ... useful . 
  try installing them one by one , to their latest version , making sure no incompatible mods are around . 
  jk 's mod have a reputation for needing quad titanz ( s ) , but i 've been able to run all his city mods on my hd4870 , albeit with some fps drop . 
  i do n't get any crash either ... somehow ... 
  also , it 's not uncommon for people to overload their visual stuff . 
  i personally recommend using as few 4k texture as possible , keeping at 2k or below , depending on your hardware . 
  npc script are also a big source of issues . 
  in my case deadly mutilation would cause ctd . 
  i should have explained this , apologies , but npc script does n't necessarily mean npc mods . 
  any mods changing ... well ... anything non visual ( to simplify ) ... to npc can add npc scripts . 
  a practical example : you install interesting npc + inconsequential npc , works fine . 
  add deadly mutilation , ctd freak show . 
  reason : not only do you quadruple or quintuple the number of npc , you add additional script on top . 
  so you have to lower the number of scripts , usually by removing the script adding mod . 
  my point : keep trying from the ground up , but keep in mind that it 's not always the most obvious of mods that causes issues . 
  praised be his holiness torvalds , all kneel before the holy trinity . 
  ( if you get all those three i 'll give you an imaginary cookie . 
  telekinetic shipping cost may apply . 
  i do n't really see what is wrong with the pcf 's statement . 
  i do n't mean to defend or support them , i genuinely do n't see anything in there that struck me as chauvinistic . 
  i actually went to check the original text and saw nothing much there either . 
  although i understand someone not familiar with the french language may find the usage of the word republic odd . 
  what must be understood is that in france the word republic , specially in this context , is used as a synonymous to the word `` france '' or `` hexagone '' . 
  it does n't carry political meaning . 
  in much the same way the united states of america are often called `` the states '' . 
  comrades , would you please explain what i 'm missing ? 
   cookie , pls . 
  stallman , torvalds , turing , of course . 
  i 'd also posit that there 's another holy trinity to be had with ken thompson , dennis ritchie , and brian kernighan . 
  now now , i obviously follow the teachings of turing the great , but in the open-source cult we worship another alan . 
  may his holiness [ alan cox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alan_cox ) live on forever . 
   garriott , torvalds , and turing ? 
   i 'm guessing the first one , but he was one of the key people behind ultima ( key enough to be listed by wiki as the creator , anyway ), 
  richard garriott is no doubt a great man , but he is known for ventures other than bringing freedom ( of software ) to the masses . 
  the correct answer would have been rms , richard matthew stallman , the holy father of opensource . 
  may his highness live a thousand years . 
  for alan turing , whilst no doubt a great man and a personal hero , he lived in an age before our great prophet came and gave us the code . 
  the correct ( so to speak ) answer would have been his bearded mightiness [ alan cox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alan_cox ) . 
  would n't a small to mid size company be able to solve the dmca issue by moving out of the u.s. ? 
  most country have copyright laws , but surely there must be viable places to host your headquarters and server that do n't suffer from this ridiculous piece of plutocratic legislation . 
  there are many , very cheap and effective , splitters available for 3.5 mm jack output . 
  input however is much trickier , but fortunately you do n't seem to be using any . 
  so , if i understand you correctly , you have two headset with speakers and mic , so you have two input and two outputs , but your soundcard only has one of each ? 
  if this is the case then you may have more work than expected . 
  what are you planning to do with the two microphones exactly ? 
   so one is a wireless and the other is wired . 
  how does the wireless one connect to the computer ? 
  also , handling two microphones simultaneously may require additional software , unless you plan on using only one at a time . 
  if the wireless one connects via usb/bluetooth/other-than-jack you may have your work cut-out . 
  if they are both using jacks , two jacks per set , but are used separately you may want to look at kvm switch with integrated audio , or whatever the equivalent for audio only is . 
  another , more elegant , solution ( but likely more costly ) would be to get a soundcard ( onboard or outboard ) with multiple input . 
  finally i do vaguely remember seeing around dual jack 3.5 mm input , single output thingies , but they were n't being used for audio ( around 15y ago , give or take ) . 
  this last solution * may * work , if you found one , but i can see quite a lot of problems with it straight away . 
  anyway , hope this help , feel free to shoot any more question you have . 
  mxr on youtube often reviews mod by asian creator that are not featured on the nexus .
