  also , are all the piston 's heads broken or am i just seeing things ? 
  not a question , i just wanted to thank you , both as individuals and as a party , for the work you have been doing over the years . 
  a great and loud cheer from portugal !, 
  they are , by far , my favorite metal group . 
  the leader ( singer ) is very passionate about war history and all the songs are historically accurate , at least in regard to the information i 've been able to get . 
  they recently released a new album , heroes and are now on tour . 
  check [ their website ] ( http://www.sabaton.net/ ) if you want to know when they are in your area . 
  i could go on for hours about their songs , but i 'll spare you that . 
  feel free to ask any question about the songs though . 
  i 'll try my best to answer . 
  this is a bit of a tricky question , because what a physicist or a mathematician understands as chaos theory is very different from the laymen use that is given to the name . 
  the answers i 've read so far are excellent at tackling the `` correct '' , or `` jargon '' , meaning of chaos theory . 
  however i 'll try to explain in the most eli5 way possible what this theory means in laymen terms . 
  chaos theory is the idea that , as time goes , `` energy '' ( read : potential energy ) is lost . 
  imagine that you have a stretched rubber band with a piece of paper at the end of it . 
  you have potential energy . 
  if you let go of the rubber , it will go back to a `` resting '' state ( how it looks when you are not touching it ) and launch the paper . 
  the paper will hit a target , change shape slightly and fall down . 
  so now you have a rubber band that 's not stretched , a piece of paper that 's gone and a target hit ( or missed ) . 
  you have done a `` task '' ( read : work ) and time has passed but in doing so you have caused the loss of potential energy ( the rubber band ) . 
  chaos theory is this idea that in doing `` work '' you will systematically convert potential energy into `` not useful energy '' ( not a real physics concept , in physics terms you convert potential energy into kinetic energy ) . 
  tl ; dr : as time goes by the universe loses useful energy . 
  note : i tried to make this explanation as simple as possible without sacrificing facts . 
  if you have anything that you feel is misleading and/or straight out wrong let me know please . 
  is there not an unbroken line of latin speakers to our days ? 
  i 've met many people who spoke latin fluently , albeit never as a native language ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  very good point , albeit contrary to the case of latin texans are geographically isolated from their linguistic mainland . 
  it still does make good sense . 
  very good idea . 
  i had n't heard of slax before but it 's exactly the sort of thing i was looking for . 
  i 'm no fan of kde so i 'll swap it for something else though ( openbox , maybe ) . 
  thank you very much for your help , i 'll be testing slax later today ( hopefully ) . 
  i have no idea who either of those person are and why one is blowing unto the other . 
  i do know why blowing into a cartrige can make it work though . 
  as a dnd gm once told me : it 's magic . 
  more seriously though , the dragon could have gotten there before the building was completed or it 's bones could have been transported there individually . 
  maybe some religious burial by the dragon cult . 
  cathodic touchscreens ( or however this technology is named ) were still fairly common within the swiss train stations 7years ago ( and might still be ) . 
  they were relatively imprecise but would work with gloves , grease and dirt or at low temperatures ( -20 c ) . 
  tbh i find them better suited for this application than the current touchscreens used in outdoor equipment ( vending machines and so forth ) . 
   mashed on by children, 
  they are also easier to clean ( think spray can paint ) than plastic and you actually need a tool to damage the glass ( knife , screw-driver , etc ) . 
  obviously they are very inaccurate , even the modern ones ( with a flat plastic screen ) and are impractical for daily-use . 
  you 'd be surprised at the technology we presently have , is usable and affordable but simply is not marketable . 
  are the crabs nervous system capable of pain ? 
  the pain mechanism must be extremely old in term of evolution so i wonder how far from primates we need to go for it not to exist anymore . 
  note : i 'm not trying to make an argument for boiling crabs . 
  just a genuine question i 've had around for awhile . 
  `` results for your location are not available yet '' . 
  oh well , i guess i 'll just wait for google , they usually get around eventually . 
  regardless , internet access in metropolitan areas is pretty decent here . 
  the proposed eurasian flag is purple . 
  simply put : yes . 
  change state ( in the eu ) : new price tag . 
  change in the taxes : new price tag . 
  change in the price : new price tag . 
  peugeot/renault are n't in the u.s. ?!, 
  although , to be fair , you do n't see many dodge or chevrolet around here either . 
  and definitely no `` gm '' cars ( that 's to say that there are no car with a general motors badge , does n't mean there are n't rebadged gm cars ) . 
  i doubt this law would still be in effect but it would n't surprise me so much knowing the french 's government propension to be overtly protective of it 's companies . 
  however seeing renault and peugeot associated with poor quality is surprising to me , at least in my experience . 
  there were a lot of issue with fiat and alfa though , specially with rust . 
  the situation seemed to have improved quite a bit since . 
  with 1.63 $ / l gas and a 8000 $ / 1000c.c . 
  tax , u.s. cars are a very rare thing around here . 
  ford being the exception with their neet little cars . 
  i distinctly remember seeing propaganda pieces from the urss depicting homosexual ( `` gay '' ) couples . 
  some also featured mandarin text , although in an art style more typical of stalinist russia . 
  i 'll try digging them up and finding a date for them as it would seem , to me , counter intuitive to promote an illegal act from the part of the leadership . 
  do you know anything about the official policy ( de jure , as de facto is a bit murky here ) ? 
  provided the leadership is to serve trial , how would their capture be handled ? 
  i imagine invading the dprk is n't exactly on the table , unlike it was for germany in 45 . 
  and just like germany ( and berlin ) , north korea and it 's people are n't going to be keen , at first , on accepting an invasion . 
  urss is the latin form , ussr the germanic . 
   if you 're thinking about the posters with male soldiers kissing themselves , i believe the reason is that they were not homosexuals : in russia kissing in the lips between men was traditionally a sign of respect and friendship . 
  this is most likely the case . 
  good point . 
  your experience does not match mine when it comes to french car , but then again my experience with french car is limited ( only post 1990 cars , most turbo-diesel , and a limited number of them ) . 
   honestly , really shitty cars . 
  hate to say it , but euro spec & built fords tend to be pretty decent right across the board in terms of reliability performance styling and tco . 
  euro spec ford are pretty neet , no doubt . 
  they have one of the best price/quality point on the market , just shy of the japanese . 
  they look terribly in my opinion , but to each their own . 
   why do you guys seem to get such poor offerings in comparison ? 
  in europe we have a lot of choice of car . 
  the french ( peugeot/renault/citroen / etc ) are only a tiny spec . 
  you also have the germans ( volkswagen , mercedes ( awesome cars ) , audi and so forth ) . 
  the japanese , of course , are very popular here , probably second only to the euros . 
  also the italian , eastern european ( dacia , for example ) and so forth . 
  the european market is a tough one , our roads are small , many of them old ( albeit well cared ) , gas is very expensive and so are taxes ( they can be  100 % in some cases ) . 
  regulations are very strict , particularly in the swiss market . 
  all in all , good cars , a hard market . 
  i just sifted through over 4000 soviet-era posters but unfortunately i could n't find the one . 
  i had some hdd issues and lost some stuff ( three hdd failed simultaneously in a raid5 ) . 
  your best bet is to ask the mods of / r/communism . 
  sorry for not being of further help . 
  all hail sweden !, 
  yes , as far as i know . 
  but they are still sold with an opel badge , not a `` gm '' / `` gmc '' badge . 
  i concur with / u/g33kdad95330,
