  who the hell even is that yukino chick and how dare she face against best girl . 
  fuck all about her . 
  ahhh ... 
  such salt ... fuck you guys . 
  fuck everything ... * sigh * ... at least it 's saber who 's gon na win . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  it made me think back to `` tiffany '' appraising the sword , saying it `` would n't be easy '' . 
  maybe for the blackblacksmith it was hard , but looked easy on the outside . 
  this is just my two cents but you may want to look at this enigma as an anime and cultural product . 
  that is : mc+b est girl will stick to the end because they 've had quite a bit of time/animation/money put into them , therefore i doubt they 'd waste that by making them bad guys . 
  five left . 
  flamie is n't it , because same reason . 
  four left . 
  now i doubt it 's cat guy because he offers a good balance to the `` innocent '' princess and mc . 
  and he is n't an interesting addition . 
  may be a bad guy and be tricking everyone though , but only revealed down the road ... 
  still , unlikely, 
  three left . 
  so either no one is the fake and it 's a fluke or one of them is . 
  the issue here is that none of those characters seem vital to the story ... the most interesting one would be goldov so that it sediments mc as the saviour to best girl . 
  also all that duality with mc and whatnot . 
  not my bet though , he has still plenty of use down the road . 
  and mc need rival . 
  mother earth ( the blue milf ) is a bit too blend so it may be her , but the group would gain in term of story telling to having a mother/adult figure . 
  also she has interesting powers and knowledge that mc does n't have . 
  finally annoying op brat . 
  it would make sense . 
  in the story she arrives alone , kills the evidence but comes too late to kill just one discretly . 
  then to have an op character that forces the other to fight together is a good trick to start forming a group ( meet mc , mc forms group , group unite , adventure ) . 
  plus having an op char . 
  in the group is n't all that interesting . 
  and they are building her up as mean and teasing her powers whilst also showing little of her in the op/ed . 
  she would get my bet . 
  my only doubt however is ... she is a loli . 
  and this is a japanese show . 
  or , as i said , none is and it 's something else . 
  looking forward to next week . 
  i did that as a kid on several occasions . 
  you have to be in decent physical shape and either be used to altitude and what it implies or read-up on it before going , but it 's worth it . 
  it 's astonishingly beautiful and fuckin ' godamn cold . 
  40 \u00b0 c temperature delta ... screw that , 
  been there . 
  can confirm . 
  35 \u00b0 c during the day , -11 \u00b0 c at night . 
  lies !, 
  finland does n't have summer , only cold winter and not-so-cold winter . 
  and vodka . 
  in soviet russia ... err ... you get the point . 
  still , i wonder if those `` sanctions '' are n't only `` sanctioning '' russia 's own people . 
  can they have a `` we hate the king day '' if you remove a luxury ? 
  this gave my heart a boner . 
  i 'd go see it in theaters if it was showing in my ~ ~ town ~ ~ country ... 
  not really . 
  ubuntu is the most `` mom friendly '' of linux distributions . 
  use it as you would your mac . 
  be aware that , like mac or windows , ubuntu does not come preinstalled with flash . 
  you might also want to try a few different software . 
  clementine for music ( alternative to rhythmbox ) , vlc for videos ( alternatives to totem ) , chrome ( alt . 
  to firefox - comes with flash ) and deluge ( alt . 
  to transmission ) . 
  note that none of those are necessarily better or worse than their counterpart , just different . 
  they almost all also have a mac version . 
  as / u/impracticalnametotypeonmobile implied , it 's synergy . 
  if you think of skyrim as a math problem you can grow to god-like powers . 
  i once tried that . 
  it got to the point where i would one-shot alduin at the highest difficulty . 
  i was n't immortal but my dps ( or damage per hit , rather ) was higher than the hp of any npc in the game . 
  it did make the game pointless and dull but it was an interesting math exercise . 
  i actually had nightmares about one legged giant cows after playing minecraft . 
  since that day i banned photorealistic textures from my game . 
  no , you are not !, 
  i do n't have ad-blocking on my phone . 
  besides the adds on youtube all the adds i see , including on imgur , are malicious in one way or another . 
  i have n't seen a single honest add for a single honest product . 
  and i use my phone a lot . 
  on youtube , for many years , the adds would be generally one add and often for an irrelevant product , in a foreign language ( that i speak , mind you ) and a product i often could n't even buy . 
  over the past year youtube got much better in that regard , to the point i would consider whitelisting on my pc . 
  is the `` tall and blue eyed blonde '' definition that is often used nowadays to define the nazi `` aryan '' what they would use in the official propaganda at the time or is it something that came up over the years ? 
  if not , what was the definition of aryan at the time ? 
  as you mentioned it was required to have christian grand parents and i suppose have lighter skin . 
  was there anything else ? 
  if hungary can into sads and lonely then georgia can too !, 
  also , georgia can into man of steel . 
  and of much gulag . 
  on a side note i find fascinating how the lack of advanced siege weaponry shaped castles . 
  i wonder what the greatest factor where that ended resulting in this design . 
  i 'm far more familiar with the typical european style star shaped citadel used to protect from iron balls and general artillery fire . 
  not necessarily true . 
  for some reason it seems that most portuguese speaker can read some spanish and even understand it when spoken , but not the other way around . 
  although , were i to make a guess , i 'd say it 's because of the ungodly sounds in bloody portuguese ( learned it as my fourth language - it was painful ) . 
  does your pseudo have any relationship to this story ? 
  or your wife ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i wonder where the issue is . 
  cross play had always been an issue - that is to play the same game , on the same `` party '' but on different machine architectures . 
  the younger may not know but getting something like a 3 . x windows to work with your macintosh for the same game was akin to wizardry . 
  as far as i can recall this has always been an issue . 
  thankfully i learned the `` original '' or `` european '' portuguese ( ptpt ) . 
  still a pain to speak .
