  i honestly hope more of africa and asia becomes safe to visit in my lifetime , as i love to travel ( but not so much get robbed ) . 
  the translation for borda dura is correct . 
  it 's just a weird name . 
  thank god it 's no longer the lingua franca . 
  french is bloody hard !, 
  - i should know , it 's my native language . 
  you have my sword !, 
  and my axe !, 
  and a few others , for good measure . 
  although `` modders '' does n't really do them justice . 
  the work they produce is nearly on par with official civilisations , minus animation . 
  so , to sum it up , sound is only affected by gravity because gravity affects it 's medium . 
  is this correct ? 
  that would also mean that sounds propagating through a medium not affected by gravity would itself not be affected . 
  although i bid you good luck finding something through which sound can travel and yet ignore gravity . 
  having had experiences with both , i must concur and say that the later is far worst than the former . 
  considering the source material i think ( hope ) we may see more `` action '' with the best girl . 
  thank you for this link . 
  i had actually seen it already , but the question focused on something different than what i seek . 
  my hope is to find photographs or drawing of actual , battle-worn ( or at least ready ) , pieces of equipment . 
  and yet the passenger area ( not sure of the english name for it ) maintains a fair amount of structural integrity . 
  i 'm confident that the average car i see on the roads today would n't fair so well , which really speaks in favour of `` recent '' eu regulations and technological advancements over this last decade and a half . 
  the best scenario is to place a rune underneath him and cut him loose . 
  he will due an instantaneous and far too painless death . 
  that 's a good question . 
  i recon it 's likely for aesthetics , but i recall reading an ( extensive ) study showing that copper was great for items regularly used as it is hostile to bacteria . 
  i would need to go back and check , however . 
  that 's an awesome bot of i ever saw one . 
  i agree with it , too , i 'll have to get around to checking that when i 'm not on mobile . 
  i often get criticised by my mother for not knowing enough portuguese/knowing too much english . 
  what she tends to forget is that despite the fact that portuguese is my fourth language i know it as well as most native and that it only seems poor when compared to my other languages . 
  her biggest problem is that i `` wasted '' time getting so good in english or learning japanese when i already had french and german . 
  and i keep reminding her that portuguese is simply a tool for communication whilst the english language is something i truly enjoy . 
  i actually teach the bloody thing , might as well enjoy it . 
  the first thing that struck me about this episode was the drop in animation quality at certain points . 
  overall it felt much more ... mundane , dare i say boring , than other episodes . 
  the second thing : i 'm convinced zekken is agil 's wife . 
  a hardcore mmo player , with a skill to rival or even surpass that of the one true god ( his holiness kirito ) and that 's a women ( because harem ) . 
  yup , agil 's wife , no doubt . 
  all the case i 've had , from the cheapest to the most expensive , could support my weight ( 50-60kg ) . 
  included are 25 $ steel case to my current cm trooper . 
  what kind of g does the pilot ... or madman ... experience ? 
  it must take quite a bit of strength to keep one 's body in a equilibrium . 
  i was under the ( seemingly wrongful ) impression that sending nuclear material to space was forbidden by a series of treaty . 
  and that those directrix treaty were slowing down the development of nuclear engines . 
  now , i clearly wrong , but would a kind soul explain to me what i 'm getting mixed-up ? 
  so a `` democratically '' elected warmongering madman is moving against a democratically elected orwellian madman . 
  this should be interesting . 
  nice of you to have done ( and shared ) some research . 
  i like that shield is accompanying the avengers but are still doing their own plot and story . 
  i only regret that they make no appearances , even short ones , in the movies . 
  but then again that 's good , because i can follow shield on a week-to-week basis , where i have to wait ~ 3 months before being able the see the movies . 
  a small [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/divine_comedy#earliest_manuscripts ) to wikipedia for more informations . 
  this wikipedia page is unfortunately quite slim in it 's content , so if you are interested in knowing more i 'm afraid it wo n't really satiate your curiosity . 
  if you accept they 'll become your friend . 
  useful for a certain ... sword . 
  it 's raining khajiits and dragons !, 
  definitely another enjoyable episodes . 
  i found it interesting that papa midnight was speaking creole , more specifically in this case a ... `` bastardized '' ... version of french . 
  the incantation is barely understandable though , as the words are more or less randomly ordered and papa midnight has quite the accent . 
  unfortunately a byproduct of the current monetary system is that a lot of currency is virtual . 
  chances are that during a period of change the incoming power structure will be able to seize control over whatever tangible resources and infrastructure are left . 
  however it 's pretty much impossible to seize virtual assets , such as bank accounts , because any and all `` value '' will be long gone by the time any sort of order is back . 
  it would literally take minutes for most of the assets to run out . 
  and without international cooperation , which you wo n't get , you will never see this capital again . 
  however , the way i see it , there are two way to mitigate that . 
  either you run your economy with something a bit more physical than ones and zeros or you compromise with the bourgeoisie , allowing them to exploit your nation 's whilst under `` control '' . 
  but considering that this is / r/communism101 and i 'm a marxist i 'll let you guess my opinion on the second one . 
  finally keep in mind that revolutions , even peaceful ones , are n't easy affairs and even though , historically , they generally turn out for the better in the long run the early years are usually quite harsh . 
  i have ~ 10mbyte internet , with a home brewed 100mbyte intranet . 
  but my computer runs a q6600 @ ~ 3.2 ghz and an hd4870 whose fanmount is held by rubber bands . 
  the joy of unemployment . 
  actually a lot of what i own , specially tech stuff , i scavenged . 
  with the exception of my desktop pc and gs2/nexus 5 everything else - hdd , server ( s ) , cables , printers , routers , etc - i got for free ( and legally ) . 
  can an electric engine actually explode ( in the physical sense ) ? 
  i can imagine a thousand scenarios were it would tear itself to pieces , but i ca n't figure out how it could explode . 
  but then again , my knowledge of electricity is n't all that good . 
  i currently play on legendary , i 'm at level 66 , and it feels quite easy right up to the moment i die in two hits . 
  legendary actually made me appreciate how much power difference between mobs there is . 
  it also forced me to swap my increased damage with increased protection . 
  i 'm not using mods to make myself stronger either , with the exception of an enchanted cloak . 
  honestly it 's been fun . 
  it takes me an evening play to do a couple of quests , but damn it 's rewarding . 
  what amazes me is that i can run skyrim on a 5 + year old rebuilt laptop ( by me ) as well as run it on a gtx 970 and , in both cases , use most of the available processing resources . 
  thank you a thousand times to the modding community . 
  a particle accelerator is , as a result of the way it operates , a sort of time machine . 
  unfortunately it only allows travel forward into the future , not backward ( at least to my knowledge ) . 
  it 's also cool to know that many of the cern staff are into anime . 
  unfortunately the last i was there steins ; gate had n't yet aired and i knew little about anime besides dbz and saint seya . 
  designing `` something '' is easy . 
  designing something ergonomic and yet ~ ~ playing ~ ~ pleasing to the eye takes years to learn . 
  the issue is that most people will think that because they can achieve the former they can make the later too . 
  is that the proper name for this type of garment ? 
  i would have called it a `` hide cloak '' . 
  ( not a native english speaker , so apologies if this is a basic question ) . 
  also , the lady on the right , judging by the ( sorta ) french flag she is carrying , is she jeanne d'arc ? 
  in which vn/game does she appear ? 
  ahh , thank you , i 'll be sure to check it out . 
  were can i read/order this ln ( preferably in english , but any latin language would do ) . 
  i actually thought of the `` anarchist flag '' ( quite a paradox that one ) .
