  interesting . 
  do you know how big of an impact that has on fuel consumption/range ? 
  at least the pain signals do n't have a brain to reach . 
  and that makes for a cheaper casket . 
  although this is great i would take it with a grain of salt . 
  the enforcement of this might be very subjective , either by incompetence or corruption . 
  bulgaria ( amongst many other ) has had problem enforcing some of its laws . 
  the popular attention is more worried about improving quality of life and with security ( from russia ) , which does n't help . 
  but it 's definitely a step in the right direction . 
  so anchorage is an actual place ? 
  i heard of it in fallout and always assumed it was part of the game 's lore . 
  i understand the gaping mouth , but why is the rest of the plane so ... `` fat '' ? 
  it looks like it 's pregnant !, 
  or is it just an illusion ( i 've got no idea how `` round '' it is when compared to other similar fighters ) . 
  appearance asside the capabilities of modern planes always amaze me . 
  that something like this or the su47 fly like they do is so counter intuitive to me . 
  that looks like a prototype ssto . 
  at least it reminds me of the skylon and it 's `` dark magic '' based engines . 
  edit : i do n't know what craft that is , it just made me think of an ssto . 
  might be a supersonic potato peeler for all i know . 
  no longer shall the machine be oppressed by the capital . 
  the consumerist fetish is to end !, 
  take arms for we will become the future . 
  long live the red banner of revolution , down with the human slavery !, 
  i 'm surprised at the lack of wildlife . 
  it looks like it 's 6month old , not 6 years . 
  where are the birdies/brushes ? 
  ( i know a lot more about postapocalyptic games than i do about biology , however ) . 
  would n't that imply digging into her belly ? 
  it 's not a perfect comparison , but the rough equivalent of male 's testicle on a female would be the ovaries , which are internal and located , roughly , in the belly . 
  so for a female to `` lick her balls '' would imply some pretty gory stuff . 
  that 's awesome . 
  how do they compare to the airbus and avro ? 
  i 'm surprised car like this were still made in 1940 . 
  i would have thought the steel , factories and technicians would have been recruited for the war effort . 
  i know there were restrictions on buying some luxury products , but i do n't know anywhere enough to tell how it affected bentley and it 's customers . 
  i know it does n't really matter on trains , at least not at that time , but this must be the least aerodynamic design possible . 
  it 's a giant air scoop !, 
  on the other hand it looks mean and unique . 
  wonder how `` easy '' it was to work on ... 
  anyway , thanks for sharing !, 
  i feel the goal of this is to galvanise already `` converted '' people , rather than incite change in the other camp or bring people in that are undecided . 
  it 's fairly typical of provocative pieces , with likely the same goals . 
  still , nicely done piece . 
  not the best i 've seen , but by far not the worst . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  although i appreciate the points you make i really was n't talking about so wide a question . 
  i was only talking about this piece of propaganda in a ( hopefully ) neutral manner . 
  i evidently have a bias , but i do n't think this is the right subreddit for it . 
  however i 'd love to hear what you think of this piece of propaganda . 
  i have an outsider 's perspective on the us so i always appreciate more knowledgeable/involved people 's views , even if i disagree with them sometimes . 
  how expensive is a fast food meal compared to a home cooked meal in the us ? 
  in most of europe it 's quite more expensive at a fast food , not counting transport . 
  in my case it 's ~ 4 times more expensive to go to a fast food than eat home ( for a decent meal with enough calories , that is ) . 
  classic , but good . 
  reminds me of the soviet mir/peace posters . 
  sodium chloride is used as anti-freeze , contains chlorine and yet most restaurants put it in your food without even asking you !, 
  stop putting chlorine in our food !, 
  it has been proved to give children unnatural appetite for sliced potatoes !, 
  yeah , i learned that stuff a long time ago , in another language . 
  probably should have checked myself . 
  thanks for letting me know . 
  it 's like using citric acid instead of `` lemon acid '' or cutting oxygen with nitrogen on air planes . 
  corporations can be , and often are , huge jerks . 
  but they do more than enough nasty stuff without making up ridiculous and stupid crap to go after them . 
  go after a corporation because they treat employees like shit or underpays them , not because their logo is red instead of green ... and consider praising the few decent ones , too . 
  anyone knows why there seems to be a small hole at the back of the cone ( opposite to the fan , facing the camera ) ? 
  anyways , turbofan are awesome !, 
  they do n't look as cool as turbojet , but there technology in them is , to me , so much more fascinating . 
  what ... again ? 
  god damn snow eating vikings , ruining cheese and wine for everyone . 
  now where will i go to be insulated , whilst also being on a luxury vacation ? 
  this is awesome . 
  it was a bit distracting that what the character said did n't match the subs ( duh ... ) but it 's done well enough that it 's not entirely out of context . 
  honestly i wish the japanese would produce more stuff making fun of themselves as a whole ( parodying their own culture , rather than individual behaviour ) . 
  in a sense that 's what one punch did , with great success in the west . 
  what would the advantage be for such design ? 
  less drag ? 
  and also , how common was it to have water cooled engines on a fighter ? 
  seems like a complex , heavy and fragile system that could easily and catastrophically go wrong . 
  this seems like good old nazi propaganda and revisionism with a bit of fresh paint in the form of gamification . 
  even the font for the right/wrong is reminiscent of a other era ... 
  i 've seen worse , but i agree that this is n't exactly a master piece , to say the least . 
  might work on some obscure conspirationist facebook page . 
  simply because having a more highly educated population is beneficial to any society . 
  there quite literally hundred of historical examples . 
  however whether all education should be paid for by society is another question . 
  only paying for engineering courses , for example , would create a massive boost in the numbers of engineers . 
  for example all e.u. 
  nations finance to some degree the teaching of english , yet i believe only ireland has english as a native language ( might be wrong , do n't have the list in mind ) . 
  personally i would love to see a character/family obsessed with nuke-a-cola . 
  \u00c0 l\u00e1 children of atom , but with just one or a couple nutjobs . 
  he is way too mild and boring for my taste . 
  i want a full on [ spoiler ] cabot [ / spoiler ] level of crazy , accompanied with an altar to the bubbly god in the form of a giant dispenser . 
  maybe an old factory like on [ spoiler ] far harbour [ / spoiler ] ? 
  and this is why the soviet signed the beer-vodka pact with nazi germany , with a secret close allowing for the annexation of estonian distillery and latvian potato fields . 
  famously many chemist fled german beer dominated regime to the safe haven of soviet vodka . 
  but most regrettably died in 1941 , during the great stalinist ethylic purges . 
  interestingly many conspiracy surround the great ethylic purges , often suggesting that the german secretly infiltrated poorly copied polish vodka in the soviet market in order to stir confusion and get the german traitors falsely accused of working against the proletariat . 
  i quite liked the robot dlc and far harbour .
