  that calls for an experiment !, 
  volunteers ? 
   i like to think they were forced into government work programmes . 
  nonono , they were volunteers who worked voluntarily in ~ ~ gulags ~ ~ ~ ~ camps ~ ~ happiness centres for willing volunteer . 
  with happiness and good wages and free will !, 
  unless you go with freedom ideology , in which case they 'll just sell their organs/bodies to ~ ~ black market ~ ~ well meaning folks . 
  i quite like this one . 
  moderate ( in opposition to radicals ) tend to give me an impression of dullness in their propaganda , so i quite like the tone of this one . 
  portugal : just walk on the road , the walkway has more cars than free space ( which happens to be ~ ~ great ~ ~ dangerous for wheelchairs ) . 
   this is also why your local mechanic gets annoyed when you ask why they ca n't begin working on your car immediately ... 
  just pour some cold water on it , after all what could go wrong ? 
  i only play vanilla minecraft . 
  the only mod i 've ever really enjoyed is world edit for larger projects . 
  to each their own i suppose . 
  so if the distance increases , does n't that cause the potential energy from gravity to increase ? 
  does it mean that dark energy is `` creating '' new energy by expending the universe ? 
  how does this not break conservation of energy ? 
  it 's the first time i hear the expression `` down to fuck '' . 
  it 's meaning is readily obvious though . 
  and get some cash this way , too . 
  i 'm a swiss , i was born there and lived roughly half my life there . 
  this post had me learned a lot about my fatherland , so thank you for the effort you put into it . 
  `` the * american * internet '' in 1996 . 
  i do n't have pictures of that time but there was the minitel ... and memories of dialup and windows 98 later on . 
  then there was adsl in the early 2k , downloading real player videos , emule ... 
  memory lane ... 
  you can citadel it , but unless you use mods you wo n't get any benefit from it . 
  if you want the wonder you 'll have to get the city . 
  this mechanic has already been explored in other game and i believe it would fit well in civ . 
  to have spies act as saboteurs . 
  the chance of success being a mix of defence , anti-spy stuff , spy level and the building being sabot\u00e9 . 
  42 % unemployment rate for this age group , in portugal . 
  jos\u00e9 saramago is a compatriot , so i figured i might as well look into this quote . 
  it was apparently in `` cadernos de lanzarote -- di\u00e1rio iii , pg . 
  the original language is even stronger , to my surprise . 
  the translation is quite good , too . 
  so it appears this great man did indeed make this statement . 
  i 'm waiting for the day where he defuses a mirv whilst inside an vrmmo . 
  one of the most important battle in history , the battle of midway , was fought for a piece of land much like this one . 
  i doubt we will soon see a civ type of ai capable of making plans so complex as to invest in an otherwise useless tile for strategic reasons . 
  i will move heaven and earth to have my cities connect via roads/railroads , even when harbours would make more sense and cost far less . 
  i even build roads between cities on colonies , when they all have harbours . 
  the upshot is that i 'm almost impervious to onslaughts , using a mix of fast moving range units , pikemen and burnt earth . 
  i only got defeated/dominated once , as germany , when egypt invited me to attack augustus , waited for me to move all my units to his territory and then back stabbed me . 
  took berlin and my second city before enough unit came back . 
  i lost on level 4 when i 've played 1000 + hours and won on immortal ... 
  since then i never trust ramses . 
  they are pushing suspension of disbelief a bit too far with this one . 
  granted that having studied physics does n't help , but still ... this one is off the charts . 
  where does the mace comes from ? 
  for the moon to has it 's `` weight '' multiplied by 6 ( roughly ) without any source is just ... and even so , what would killing little baby dragon achieve ? 
  it would n't make it 's mass go away . 
  granted that at this distance chunks of the moon would likely set humanity back to prehistoric times . 
  rahh ... this episode made no sense !, 
  it 's a shame , too , because the acting was great and the visuals stunning . 
  but they seriously pushed the bullshit level too far . 
  the writers should have read courtney 's book and be done with it . 
  on the plus side i enjoyed many aspects of it . 
  the visuals , as mentioned , as well as the little references to the present era , the tie-ins to our times and so forth . 
  clara speech at the end `` you are breathing our air and walking on our earth '' was really nice , too . 
  that is modeliciously awesome . 
  the nazi had such strong imagery and propaganda and insane ideas that there is an almost endless supply . 
  and it would be a break from the monotony of moderate factions , to have war crazed space nazi running amok . 
  good answer , although i would add a couple of notes . 
  some motherboards may allow for the storage of data on it , but only in minimal amount . 
  i ca n't imagine a scenario where anything of value to anyone would be stored there , in terms of forensics . 
  i would n't worry about it at all frankly , but i thought it was interesting to know . 
  also , be sure to remove any sdcard , usb pen and so forth . 
  too often do i see `` clean `` computers with private unencrypted stuff on external storage . 
   if only they did n't cap the fps at 60 , that is handicapping it since most times when its capped at 60 you hover around 55 ~ and i bet you if they took the cap off it would be much higher for people with a decent rig , ubisoft optimisation for ya . 
  why does capping at 60fps cause the game to render slightly below , but capping at , say , 120 would allow it to go , in the same conditions , at 60 + ? 
  so it appears the gateway to hell is in finland . 
  and was build by the finnish . 
  who sacrifice coffee and vodka to their gods . 
  and chant death metal lyrics on hallowed grounds . 
  finland is modern day sparta , with sweden being athens . 
  i live natural water , specially rivers ( i use them as canals ) . 
  however having work with water is still somewhat annoying , however i feel it 's been improved quite a bit . 
  my biggest issue is that water wo n't naturally level or feel holes . 
  i used to use a mid that did that , but i have n't followed it for a couple of years . 
  i live in poortugal , where football is the main religion ( followed closely by catholicism ) . 
  i strive to do as much during games as possible . 
  walking the dog , groceries or even booking restaurants . 
  it took me a while to understand what you saw as wrong with this logo . 
  at first i thought it was the fact that `` caf\u00e9 '' was wrongly spelled , but quickly figured it was n't that . 
  i had to go through a great a number of comments before understanding . 
  thing is the word nigga is n't common in europe . 
  many european do n't know about the word neggro or the slang version of it . 
  this logo would really only be a problem in the usa , because your brains will default to nigga due to it 's commonness . 
  however in latin countries or , in this case , in germany , the default thoughts associated with this type of business and font are of latin countries ( italy , mostly ) . 
  tl ; dr : it 's not a bad design for it 's location and audience . 
  i 'm sure you meant / r/hentai . 
   nazi germany 's many horror summer camps instead . 
  that 's an ... interesting ... way to put it . 
  that sounds like a low budget horror films that will become huge on the internets after some funny bloke reviews it . 
  `` the vacation of a lifetime '' . 
  it can charge both iphone ( 2 ) , ipad ( 1 ) and samsung ( 1 ) , never mind that the iphone and ipad share the same connector or that there are likely thousands of micro usb devices . 
   where do you live that you need to be strapped at all times , mogadishu ? 
  this is quite unrelated to this faq but it 's really sad that this city is in the state it is . 
  it 's actually quite lovely in terms of architecture and location and , were it not for the humanitarian situation it would be a great place to visit .
