  you just got to love it when your office equipment doubles as weaponry . 
  tape dispenser/mace , keyboard/bulletproof shield , trashcan/mortar . 
  how are the engines powered with nuclear power in this case ? 
  do they run jet hot air pipes around the whole thing ? 
  i have n't seen dbz . 
  dragon ball came out in late 80 's i believe and at the time i was too young for it ( literally a baby ) . 
  so much like the urss when i was a old enough to understand i was too far removed from it temporarily . 
  until i found tfs i had no clue who freezer was . 
  i 've been following dbza ever since they landed on namek and that 's how i got to know db . 
  i did try to watch super but ... yeah ... 
  you french bastard ! ... 
  this is perfectly accurate . 
  love it , 
  but that 's on a much smaller scale . 
  although producing heat like that from a nuclear reactor is reasonable the logistics of moving it around is what baffles me . 
  that ekranoplane-planecarrier is huge !, 
  and it 's not a static thing . 
  and there are people and equipment moving about . 
  i just look them up on the dragonball wiki . 
  but yeah , i 'm sure some jokes are all but lost to me . 
  as a half-swiss i just have to love this song . 
  it 's somewhere in the laws , along eluveitue , cheese and mild xenophobia . 
  unfortunately i could n't listen to all of it right away . 
  i 'll take the time tonight . 
  from what i heard so far i think they make a very good point , if not a new one . 
  i study europe/the e.u. 
  and one thing that 's painfully obvious is how negative european have gotten over the years . 
  life has consistently gotten better ( the past decade has been a bit of an exception however , with some important factors showing decline ) . 
  whatever the reasons for these improvements ( science , politics , technology ) they are undeniable and it is something people should realise . 
  yes , a lot of work remains to be done and there most certainly is a very real deadline on some issues . 
  it is also certain that some issues are very hard to even improve . 
  but what europeans ( and humans in general ) have accomplished , specially over the past two hundred years , is absolutely astonishing . 
  and so are the sacrifice that were made so that we can now have what we have . 
  i understand why people have this outlook but i most sincerely believe that a brighter future awaits most of us and that we should work towards it , both for ourselves , for those that are to come and to honour those that came before . 
  ps : re-reading myself this text sounds like a bullshit motivation speech from a crappy sports movie . 
  sorry about that . 
  [ please accept this silly whippet as an apology ] ( https://i.imgur.com/isjaaoa.gif ) . 
  excellent advice , thanks . 
  should be on the wiki , 
  it does n't really apply in my case however , as i 'm going to be living there for only three years . 
  thank you !, 
  any advice in terms of ap ? 
  ideally i 'd like it to have at least a 30m radius of good signal . 
  it can be up to 15m up , in the centre of the terrain . 
  this works and is well within budget . 
  thanks again , 
  his excellency , lord cat the third . 
  praise by thy name , oh feline one . 
  may your hunt be bountiful . 
  unfortunately it is n't . 
  you might get a very low circular orbit , but that as good as it gets . 
  `` landing '' on jool will result in an ... untimely demise . 
  it is , in fact , rumoured that jool is in part made of crushed proto-kerbals , resulting in its green hue . 
  you may find that the kraken might , at times , allow you to traverse through or land on the planet . 
  but do n't hold me accountable for any damage or losses incurred . 
  although i got witcher3 day one ( came with my gpu ) i have n't been able to play it yet . 
  whilst i did n't directly pay for it , it 's still somewhat sad that cdprojecktred has n't commented . 
  they are a fairly open company , but have been bad in this regard . 
  i would understand if they were to say that linux is n't coming when the game came out , but silence is n't very correct towards their community . 
  from this post , and what little i know of the us nuclear arsenal , it seems like a rather `` safe '' approach was taken . 
  in the sense that the system seems setup so that i would be as hard as possible to have an unexpected or unauthorized strike , even if it means loosing part of the retaliatory capabilities ( emp would jam wireless com , for example ) . 
  is this just my perception ? 
  if i 'm wrong what was/is the plan to communicate the launch codes to places without wired connection ? 
  this looks like the sick and twisted fantasies of a coprophagic torture porn connaisseur ... and therefore the most accurate u.k. map i 've ever seen . 
  all jokes asside this is very well done . 
  this is quite well done ... and terribly ugly ( imo ) . 
  to be fair i do n't like the spanish flag to start with . 
  couple reasons :, 
  1 ) i prefer simple flags , with basic designs . 
  the french flag , the e.u. 
  flag , the republic of china 's flag ... 
  2 ) i do n't really like those colours, 
  3 ) the spanish republican flag is a personal favourite and yet you iberian are stuck with this ugly thing . 
  this is really cool ( well , as cool as organised crime can be ) . 
  but why did they use six small gasoline engines instead of a large diesel ? 
  or even a diesel electric combo ? 
  anyway , i wonder how much this thing cost to make and how long it took to get their investment back . 
  and you can attach to it a refinery that makes fuel that you will burn to heat water that will spin a turbine that will generate electricity to power your well . 
  this way you are producing an endless cycle of ~ ~ pollution ~ ~ magical rainbows that will last until the end of times !!!, 
  or about as long as the average factorio playtime . 
  considering how heavy this file is i 'm curious as to its inner workings . 
  are there 6 full versions of ubuntu in there ? 
  i imagine many , if not most , of ubuntu and ubuntugnome are redundant , for example . 
  how well optimised is this file ? 
  is it even possible to use a single copy of a file for all installs ? 
  anyway , that 's an interesting initiative , even though it 's not useful for me . 
  good luck to the folks making it . 
  noob question : is n't cryptography considered a weapon of war above a certain `` difficulty '' to decrypt in most western nations ? 
  i vaguely remember hearing about enigma machines being gifted by britain to it 's ( former ) colonies , and somewhere in there being restrictions to civilians . 
  to be fair by this logic if you give your password at gunpoint you do it willingly too . 
  i think the issue here is more about being tricked/coned into `` giving '' access than about the physical act of typing . 
  is this an apc ? 
  the backdoors look quite weak for a tank , but considering how little i know about modern tanks i might be very wrong . 
  is it not also a `` making more money from music/drm '' issue too ? 
  sony has a pretty big stake in the music industry and an history of nasty drm . 
  could this not be a way for them to further control the content ? 
  the biggest limitation is temperature . 
  above 1200m/s at sea level you tend to turn your craft into mush . 
  so my personal record on 1.1.3 ( 1.1.1 and 1.1.2 did n't work on linux ) is ~ 1200m/s on land . 
  this looks light it was full of good ideas from an aerodynamic perspective .
