  it 's unfortunately something that takes time to learn , but is very rewarding in the end . 
  this is , obviously , a very impressive mod . 
  evidently i 'll want to play the final version . 
  a couple questions or remarks :, 
  1 ) how on the nine 's green nirn did you do all that in 150h ?!, 
  time dilation ? 
  drugs ? 
  gallons of coffee ? 
  cheese ? 
  2 ) i noticed you used the eldergleam . 
  whilst i understand the reasons , i personally would be a bit bothered by it . 
  this tree is a central part of whiterun and i very much associate with it . 
  easy solution would range from changing the hue/colours to retexturing using modders resources . 
  3 ) are you set on using only certain assets and working alone/with certain people ? 
  if not you should really check some of the resources available for modders as they could add some great little details . 
  4 ) in the continuation on the third question i 'll ask on this last one if you need help ? 
  if so try asking on reddit and the nexus . 
  if you need help specifically with texts or translations feel free to pm me . 
  and on that i 'll conclude by wishing you the best of luck !, 
  is this in portugal ? 
  i swear i 've seen these keyboard before ... 
  if so the layout of the numbers is standard keypad and the colored keys are fine , too . 
  the label on this side is all wrong though , no idea how it got there ( but if this is indeed portugal i 'm going to say it was `` do n't care , for 500 $ / m the bank can go f *** themselves and fix this shit '' . 
  i found that part particularly anxiogenic . 
  it 's not usual for top gear to finish on a darker note . 
  as someone who 's worked for a large tech company as a ~ ~ grunt ~ ~ tech support i may be able to understand where this employee was coming from . 
  many customers will ask for something which is n't at all what they are looking for . 
  for example a customer may ask for an amd8350 , but in reality they want a pc with this cpu and if you bring them to the hardware parts area they 'll be confused . 
  a couple of example i had : a person not knowing that in the usa it 's english , and not american , that 's spoken . 
  a browser was `` the internet '' , google was `` the internet '' , electricity was n't necessary for hardware ( yes ... really ... ) and it goes on and on . 
  also , racism . 
  lots and lots of racism . 
  note : i do n't think that 's what happened in your case . 
  i 'm just trying not to loose all hope in mankind tonight . 
  why would the isis flag be nsfw ? 
  ( genuine question , i ca n't imagine any of the bosses i 've had minding ) . 
  he looks very green , this `` typical irish red '' . 
  and as someone who found the history of irish communism quite fascinating i always like seeing things about this topic . 
   since when is there a history or irish communism ? 
  the first marxist political party in ireland dates back to 1896 i believe . 
  there were partisans before , however , possibly as early as 1864 . 
  one of the most prominent comrade was james connolly , a great and fascinating man . 
  if you to learn more check / r/communism101 or simply google . 
   it has been marked as such on here before when people are posting redesigns and such . 
  much akin to nazi and other fascist flags . 
  well , i understand and agree it 's better to be safe than sorry . 
  if i were looking at communist flags or islamist ones nobody would care ( i 'd think ) . 
  but it 's true that a single flash of a swastika is enough to get into trouble . 
  different cultures . 
  except quarks . 
  but those taste funny so they do n't really count . 
  you are kahjin , cat born !, 
  you would make trainwiz prowed . 
  whilst i liked you writing and found it funny , there is something about the rhythm ( pacing ? ), 
  that felt off . 
  otherwise , nice tale , 8/10 would read again . 
  i love the idea and i find the technical execution quite nice , specially considering the limitation of skyrim . 
  so far i did n't find the story too compelling , not because it 's poorly written but rather because it feels a bit on rails . 
  i realise making multiple stories is a huge amount of work , but i would love it . 
  a good mod considering the game it 's in , but it suffers a bit from its over use of tropes ( some characters feel like characters , not persons ) and limitations . 
  with a bit of polish this could be one of the best quest mod , imo . 
  the reason is , i think , that either they do play games `` casually '' and think it 's a mundane thing to do or they do n't play games and find its something boring . 
  objectively looking at someone play , not the game , the actual gamer , is exceedingly boring . 
  so for someone who actually did some hardcore gaming at some point they 'll actually think it 's nice to spend an evening raiding out with your guild or reaching the end of a dungeon in diablo . 
  but for the average person they 'll think of a bloke in front of a small screen playing mario kart when they could have been out ingesting excessive amounts of a poisonous substance . 
  i like hanging out with people as much as the next human and a night in a nice jazz bar with my bf or a group of friend is quite cool . 
  but it 's equally awesome to spend a night venturing in azeroth . 
  how do you keep dust out of the case ? 
  or do you clean it often ? 
  i 've always loved those `` exoskeleton '' style case , custom or not , but always went with closed ones instead because of dust ( and price ) . 
  this is something i 've always wondered about us election : can you only vote for two parties ? 
  what i mean is , in the ballot , do you only have two choices or are there independents taking part in the election . 
  i know there are other political parties in the usa but i 've never understood if they could run for elections . 
  i personally use ssh for almost every networking thing i do . 
  not so much for security , specially on local , wired networks , but because it 's easy to setup and use . 
  i do n't run any windows machine on the network , so for almost everything i need to do i just grab ssh from a repo and use it . 
  ssh is one of the things that made me use linux many years ago . 
  it 's a piece of software i really think is useful , despite its many shortcomings . 
  that and the storage management . 
  even as a complete noob ( well , i 'm still a novice , just slightly less so ) i quickly realised how atrocious file management on windows was . 
  yes and no . 
  it depends on how you go about adding windows . 
  if you grab an existing hdd with windows already on it and plug it into an existing computer with ( properly configured ) grub on it you will see the drive in arch , but you wo n't be able to boot from it . 
  you 'll need to make grub aware of it . 
  if you install windows in this system then , in all likelyhood , your computer will boot straight to windows , bypassing grub . 
  a tool like bootrepair may help you some this issue . 
  if you have a choice i would recommend you install windows first , or disconnect all linux drives during installation . 
  you may need to point the bios the right way though . 
  i hope this helps . 
  feel free to ask any further question or request details and or links , as this is a fairly basic answer . 
  it 's at 1.6 $ ( 1.92 $ ) / l here . 
  on the plus side i 'm quite healthy thanks to all the walking . 
  thank you for sharing the back story . 
  it 's always interesting to see modern propaganda on sensitive topics . 
  i know that anti-zionism , anti-scemitism and racism are all sensitive subject in france . 
  oh that 's why . 
  [ fate/zero spoilers ] ( / s `` i thought he used all remaining seals in order to release saber from the grail '' ), 
   southern europe in general has yet to get over that shit, 
  i am not entirely sure what you are referring to . 
  southern europe usually refers to portugal , spain and italy .
