  you ( op ) should check / r/distrohopping and / r/homeserver too , for some ideas . 
  there are also plenty of things you can do with it , like having it as a secondary pc ( backup/when you have mate over ) or as testing bench for softwares . 
  i have an extensive experience repurposing old hardware ( i live in poortugal , so that helps ) . 
  just pick whatever is your fancy and ask away , i 'll try to help out . 
  do n't worry , attacking finland always [ worked out well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war ) for russia . 
  in the video they clearly say that this ... thing has 11 wheels and two , not three , engine . 
  this information may be incomplete or incorrect , however . 
  if you need further translation feel free to ask . 
  it would happen on older hardware ( 15y . 
  i remember that you could nuke your screen by missconfiguring the way some of the early linux version displayed stuff ( early 90s ) . 
  back when i was working as a grunt ... 
  i mean , phone tech support for technologically impaired folks ... we were told that any mention of using the product with an unsupported anything was to refer the cst to figure it out himself . 
  failure following that rule would lead to firing . 
  i had no idea you have to pay for that stuff with a us isp . 
  here ( poortugal ) they give/borrow it to you when they install the service . 
  including a landline phone , wiring and tv setup box . 
  however , until recently , you had to pay full price for cellphones . 
   everything is more expensive in the eu than america . 
  well , except healthcare . 
  i ca n't seem to understand why bolshevism is unknown to so many women . 
  it 's a political term so i would assume , seemingly naively , that it 's not gender specific . 
  this is a fairly good point . 
  the study asked if one was or not aware of the meaning of a word . 
  however in order to limit the effect you mentioned they introduce a lot of false ( but real sounding ) words . 
  if you say you know a false word you get heavily penalised . 
  [ here is the test used ] ( http://vocabulary.ugent.be/wordtest/start ) . 
  it often comes up in cold-war era movies and entertainment as well as in video games . 
  the term is often ( almost always ) misused , unfortunately . 
   really , it does n't make sense for anything to be gender-specific , except for biological stuff . 
  i wholeheartedly believe that this is how it * should * be . 
  unfortunately it 's far from being the case . 
  in this context i was surprised that a political word was more gender specific as , indeed , opposed to engineering or computer terms which are , unfortunately , male dominated areas of expertise . 
   the u.s. [ ... ] are making much ado as if they are interested in the denuclearization of the korean peninsula, 
  you can be certain that the u.s. would be more than happy to have a nuclear free korean peninsula ( specially for the northern `` axis of evil '' part , more politely known as the dprk ) . 
  they have enough icbm to nuke the world twice over but having other nations own a nuclear arsenal make theirs all the less effective . 
  the day when the u.s. gives up it 's own nukes though , that day i 'll be surprised . 
  a gui without having to run x11 . 
  as an amateur i love this ( i only use the advanced networking stuff at home or for friends , never worked in the address ) . 
  franco-iberia . 
  as a native speaker of french and having moved to portugal i could hardly be happier . 
  only a nuked paris would be better . 
  the first time i see an onion article underestimating reality . 
  this reminds me of the warehouse in warehouse 13 . 
  cock-showing is one of the longest held tradition of mankind . 
  the phallic shaped minaret and obelisks being only a couple of examples amongst thousand . 
  you are one of the most popular , if not the most popular , porn actor with women . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  thanks to you i was able to talk about sex and porn with both male & female friends ( and sometimes slightly more than friends ) . 
  that 's a problem for only a small minority of nations . 
  most societies , specially `` first world '' states , do not rely on private healthcare . 
  the us and switzerland being notable exception . 
  fortunately i live in a country where communism is seen as a political current/opinion and not a disease . 
  however when i go back to my natal switzerland thinks are different , to say the least . 
  in all honesty it takes a strong will to be a communist in some countries [ edited following comrade ash_tree_lane 's comment ] . 
  however there are brave people who do what is right . 
  the best advice i can give you is to try and find comrades around you . 
  a party of one is doomed to fail , unfortunately . 
  there are plenty of marxists organisations . 
  i whish you the best nevertheless . 
  and if you ever find yourself near lisbon i 'll introduce you to the pcp ( portuguese communist party ) . 
   one would think it takes a strong will to be a communist in places where communists are hunted and killed by government forces . 
  i am not sure teasing at school is comparable to what naxalites go through . 
  very true . 
  i deed not meant to downplay the courage of our comrades who faced torture and death for the cause . 
  i wrote this hoping to inspire the readers oversees but i understand how it can be unfair to the many who suffer from imperialism . 
  teasing at school is no joke though , and it still does take courage to face it . 
  and to face it for a cause like communism , that 's benefiting the community and not for ones selfish need is something i do respect . 
  thank you for pointing this out . 
  have a bright red upvote . 
    did you have to jump through many hoops to be able to legally publish those tankobons uncensored or was it fairly smooth sailing once you had the, 
    do you intend to expand with a european store ? 
   i had n't thought about it actually , are there are a lot of perverts in europe ? 
  yes . 
  hentai is amongst the preferred `` fetishes '' of the french ( source : [ pornmd ] ( http://www.pornmd.com/sex-search ) ) . 
  they are also the largest consumers of manga after japan . 
  the rest of europe also has a keen interest in hentai , either because they know and like it or because they are perverts ( looking at you , eastern europe ) . 
  although some countries may have annoying legislation ( uk , just to name a good example ) . 
  it 's sad to think of how true this is . 
  if the intention was to help the people of the dprk then i could understand , albeit not agree , with a will to go to war with the north . 
  but uninformed privileged idiots who know nothing of the struggle of the korean people , on both side of the dmz , to wish a genocide just infuriates me . 
  portuguese here . 
  carriers do n't give you a phone with a contract . 
  problem solved . 
  love it . 
  absolutely love it . 
  japan looks ... fixated ... to say the least . 
  this is a made by a french group called suricate . 
  they make independent videos sketches on youtube . 
  not all of them are translated , but most are . 
  if you like this style check out the golden moustache channel and the visiteur du future . 
  i ( try ) to drink country related drinks to the civ i 'm playing . 
  portugal = mazagran , china = green tea , etc. 
  to each their own i guess . 
  non native speaker question : does `` to map '' necessarily mean to have precision ? 
  i 'm wondering about the exact same . 
  thank you ( and / u/combuchan ) . 
  picking a good wine in a store is somewhat of a gamble . 
  my knowledge is limited to the southern european market ( portugal , spain and italy ) , unfortunately . 
  keep in mind that what applies to one market may not apply to the next . 
  however a couple of things are pretty universal .
