  you are n't really expected to take extra hours ( at least in my experience ) and in fact most people do n't , but when you do all you get is a tap on your shoulder and a `` thank you '' . 
  sometimes you may get a gift basket , but there * seems * to be no legal obligation . 
  why some people volunteer to work for free is a bit beyond me . 
  edit : there is the case of a manager at my old workplace who , despite earning at least 50 % more than me ( after taxes ) would get paid less per hour due to how much he worked . 
  in his case work had become a bit of an obsession however . 
  i recently saw a black women walking around with a far right symbol on her handbag . 
  she most likely had no idea , however , as it 's not a commonly use imagery . 
  this maybe a bit of a silly question , but why did the product freeze at  0 degree temperature ? 
  i would imagine , erroneously so probably , that the freezing temperature of a chemical compound would be below that of water , not above . 
  i 'd have to brush-up on it but was n't part of northern china under the tutelage/administration of the then soviet government ? 
  that before the `` first '' cino-soviet split during stalin 's administration . 
  the mongolian people 's republic also maintained close relationship with the ussr , so you could argue that it was part of the soviet sphere of influence . 
  unfortunately i know next to nothing about uyghur , so somebody more knowledgeable would need to comment on it . 
  i 'm not too familiar with windows ' networking ( i 've been running debian for the best part of five years now ) , so if the issue is on that side i wo n't be of any help i 'm afraid . 
  that being said : let 's get to it . 
  just to simplify if any step work stop there , if it does n't : proceed . 
  first of is trying to reboot your router . 
  then your computer . 
  then check that the computer is indeed on the same network as the router . 
  then check that the computer 's ip is indeed the one you are forwarding to . 
  try with both udp and tcp at the same time . 
  then try connecting your router straight to the modem , redo the previous steps with this setup . 
  try resetting your router to factory ( check the manual , but it should be a tiny switch on the back that you need to press for 10sec ) . 
  couple of things too . 
  make sure the software/game is compatible with windows 8 and if it is n't run it in compatibility mode . 
  why is your internal address 192,168.1.10 x ? 
  do you run a cascade of routers ? 
  if so you need to setup port forwarding all the way . 
  if nothing works ... i 'm afraid the issue is on the machine side . 
   soviet occupation of dalian/port arthur, 
  that was what i had in mind indeed . 
  more precisely the [ soviet occupation of manchuria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_manchuria ) . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  i do n't think it will . 
  looks were never an issue with most u.s. cars . 
  it 's got more to do with the approach to supercars and power than anything else . 
  this corvette , for example , has a 6.8 l supercharged engine . 
  that 's absolutely humongous , but here , in europe , that 's not really seen as a good thing in a supercar . 
  as far as i can gather the type of things people fancy here are originality , fanciness , efficiency ( as in `` how much fuel per unit of power '' and not `` how much fuel overall '' ) and cornering ability . 
  now this is only my personal experience running around forums and talking to people , i 'm sure you can find people with a completely different experience . 
  as for my opinion on the z06 , i think it looks great but i like small , highly efficient , engines . 
  some of my favorite cars are , for example , the honda s2000 , lexus lfa and nissan gtr . 
  as a portuguese seeing salazar like this is ... unsettling , at best . 
  still , i love the work and details that went into this . 
  from a european perspective the democrats are center-right and the republicans are `` crazies '' . 
  even the udc , the swiss far-right , border-line neonazi and the single party i most despise , is n't as far on the right as the last republican candidate was . 
  how does a radio requires so many wires ? 
  three for power , one antenna and 2 to 4 for the sound . 
  the notion of far-right is n't ironclad . 
  for example , in europe , the right wing can be pro-christianism or laic , racist or not care about origin , patriarchal or in favour of `` natural equality '' , etc. 
  in the country i currently reside , portugal , there is no far-right to speak of . 
  the furthermost ( elected ) party to the right is the cds which is pro-catholicism but defends a laic state , not racist but opposed to `` excessive '' immigration and promotes `` natural equality '' ( the idea that the state should not favour any gender and that society will sort out men/women inequality issues on it 's on ) . 
  back in switzerland the udc , the second largest party , is outspokenly racist , pro-religion ( so long as it does n't go against business ) , patriarchal and hyper-nationalist . 
  all-in-all it really depends what you think of as far-right . 
  i thought it was `` incontinence '' , because ** old continent ** . 
  now to have portugal/spain/greece dressed-up as a slave . 
  was n't really expecting an answer to this post 4 month later . 
  in this case i was making a comparison between european nation 's administratives regions and the ones in the u.s.a. 
  in this context the top level administration below the ( federal ) state would correspond to the larger administrative regions , i.e. 
  departments , cantons , etc. 
  however you are entirely correct in saying that there are several `` level '' of division . 
  famous last words . 
  i recently watched [ rin : mnemosyne no musume-tachi ] ( http://hummingbird.me/anime/mnemosyne-mnemosyne-no-musume-tachi ) ( or rin : daughters of murder-porn ) . 
  whilst the plot was ... interesting at best i loved the approach to `` time travel '' and immortality this show took . 
  this is a relatively little known show that really deserves more attention , in my opinion . 
  if you want to see more check [ this review ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xibfmnoxng ) by arkada . 
  where did you get this info ? 
  i 've seen plenty of fast cars ( and some tuned ) whilst living there . 
  why on earth is this not available in the eu ? 
  how much incompatibility can there be on plastic ... ( probably has to do with shipping and/or taxes ... 
  but still ) . 
   i mean there are smaller litre v8 's from europeans that are actually larger in size and heavier then the ls engine . 
  plus the extra litres make the engine better for on the road driving with all the low end torque . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  it 's my personal opinion that the ls engine is a great engine . 
  i was trying to explain that for most europeans ( at least in my personal experience ) having a large , naturally aspirated , engine is something that 's seen as a bit `` barbaric '' . 
   the corvette gets better gas mileage and less emissions then most european supercars . 
  i have no idea if this is true , tbh . 
  seems slightly counter intuitive to me , however . 
  do you have any sources ? 
   however . . 
  needs a nsfw tag , that 's straight up porn . 
  probably banned in the uk , too . 
   the fines are based on your * ability to pay . 
  i was no longer in the country when this went to vote so i do n't know if it came into law , but it seems reasonable to me . 
  but yeah , swiss like fast cars as much as anyone else , they just do n't like noise , smells and pollution ... and fast moving cars in the countryside ... and large cars...shut-up , it 's not true ... 
  many ( most ? ), 
  communist parties in europe are actually associated with their respective local green party . 
  for example the pcp , portuguese communist party is associated with the pev , partido ecologista `` os verdes '' . 
  on elections if you want to vote for the pcp you have to vote for the cdu , a union of both parties . 
  there is also the case of cuba , one of the very few ( or only ) sustainable ecosystem . 
  in terms of theoretical analysis of marxism i 'm afraid you 'll have to read a more well read comrade than i am , but practical example show that communists worldwide actually care quite a bit about ecology . 
  never before was i so glad i took physics instead of i.t. 
  in the context of an anime . 
  awesome episode !, 
   cerebrally challenged leaders !, 
  in switzerland a law ca n't come into force without the population 's approval . 
  any law or large budget change has to be submitted to popular vote . 
  now that does n't mean the population is n't cerebrally challenged ( i hate swiss politics so much ... ) . 
  how else are you gon na wash your car ?
