  ... and kids , that 's the story of how i became bisexual . 
  i would not `` fuck '' you . 
  i would gently feel your hair and tell you how beautiful of a human being you are . 
  then i would gently caress your lovely chicks and kiss you gently and , yet , passionatly . 
  then i would tell you to be quiet and slowly undress you . 
  i 'll slide one off my hand down your smooth skin down to were you are most sensitive and would tease you until you start shivering . 
  and then , only then , would i make love to you . 
  boys : this is how you please a lady !, 
  ps : sorry if that sounded creepy somehow , i 'm just in a very sensitive/romantic mood right now after watching a movie , 
  edit : grammar, 
  say no to gmo !, 
  say no to gmo !, 
  you have beautifull fingers . 
  do you happen to play any instrument ? 
  american parking places are huge !, 
  i was walking by the train station when i saw the news . 
  i started crying in the middle of street . 
  this may seem ridiculous to some ( most ? 
  ) , but i know hundreds of people who lived under dictatorship , i heard them tell the story of how their brothers died , how their sisters were silenced . 
  it is thanks to great sacrifice that we gained freedom of speech and crushing that for the sake of a few 's fortune would be an insult to all who died for it . 
  so , today , more important than anything else , we respected our elders who lie `` 6 feet under '' . 
  apple.inc . 
  yes , as in `` iphone apple.inc '' . 
  and for one very simple reason :, 
  the only goal and the only way for employee to be rewarded is by having good results on csat ( customer satisfaction survey ) . 
  if your are  80 & but < 90 % , you keep your job , but no bonus and no promotion . 
  if you are  90 % , you ( might ) get a bonus ( usualy around 10 % of your income ) . 
  if you keep up at  90 % during a year , you get a promotion ( tier2 ) . 
  also , apple never respects local employement laws , so in `` socialist '' europe you have a contract that is the same as the one in the u.s. 
  this combined with the fact that often apple 's advisor are provided with a good tech formation leads to a service were the employee is desesperate to make you happy at all cost because his very life may depend on it . 
  150 years ago my family ruled over large lands . 
  50 years ago they were member of the political elite and helped europe go toward socialism . 
  5 years ago ( and until recently ) i lived with 300 $ per month for two people , without any help from the states , despite being a citizen of two nations , one of which is nearly the richest in the world and the other a member of the largest and wealthiest economical union . 
  so : no , for some of us in the western world things were better 50y ago . 
  this looks like the car that was built by video bob and was sold for `` only '' 55000 $ in an auction ( a steal , considering it cost 60000 $ to build , without including work or fees , only material ) . 
  can anyone confirm ? 
  `` there seems to have been an error initializing or updating your transaction . 
  please wait a minute and try again or contact support for assistance . '', 
  please steam , i beg you , take my money . 
  take it all !, 
  i was in science class , back in 7th grade and the teacher asked `` when someone opens a parachute mid-flight , do you think they slow down or go up ( as in stop going toward earth but rather toward the infinite ( and beyound ! ) ) . 
  half the class , that is : all the girls , said yes . 
  now , this is not a big deal , until i tell you that this is was in the early 2000 ' in switzerland ( the place where the motherf ***** g cern is ) . 
  the other thing to note is that only girls ( but almost all of them ) got it wrong . 
  this ties in with the fact that sex equality in switzerland is fairly relative . 
  i am a socialist , atheist and pro regulation of prostitution and soft drugs . 
  i am the walking foxnews stereotype of a european . 
  also , i love chocolate , cheese , always wear a watch and own gold . 
  i let you guess that one . 
  dear government of the usa ,, 
  you and your copyright laws can kiss our multicultural asses . 
  sincerely ,, 
  europe . 
  very nice work . 
  i consider that nature is the hardest thing to build and you did an outstanding job doing so . 
  one remark , however : real beach are rarely followed directly by tress . 
  due to the wind and tides , a large portion of the shoreline will not have trees , unless they are much higher than sea level . 
  for example , in the second picture , there is a tree near the water . 
  this seems very unlikely to happen , or even impossible , considering the harsh weather conditions of the island . 
  you can solve this by deciding to impose a `` buffer zone '' were if you are closer than x blocks in regard to the sea , you can not plant ( yourself ) a tree . 
  ( note : disregard this if this island is supposed to be in the middle of a lake or large body of saltless water . ) . 
  a few ideas i would love to see in this already amazing world :, 
  - abandoned structures , old shrine and temples , camps , wreckage . 
  anything that could give the sense that this island was once inhabited ( like the village you already have ) . 
  - easter eggs and , maybe , a reference to a redditor ( you could do a contest , or a hunger game still pre-realese and then built a statue/shrine honouring the winner ) . 
  anyway , i hope i could help you , even a little and wish you all the luck !, 
  your work is stunning and i ca n't wait to download it !, 
  you must be running windows vista . 
  here is your problem . 
  technically speaking , unity is built on top of gnome . 
  but if you do n't like it , you can install many ( many ! ), 
  as some people said , you have gnome3 , gnome classic ( very similar to gnome2 ) , kde4 , lxde . 
  xfce , cinnamon and mate ( on mint ) and many others . 
  agreed . 
  whilst i understand pirating a game like swtor ( 60 $ for the game + 13 $ per month when you make 500 $ a month ( average income ) is a bit steep ) or old games like worms that are not on sale , i fail to see why someone would pirate a 1 $ ( or 2 ) app . 
  i mean : prepare your coffee at home instead of having someone do it for you and you can buy an app every week !, 
  you also have tons of free app . 
  i am the first on the side of the pirates and against large corporations trying to bully laws into the textbooks , but this is as long as they adopt a business model that is not correct . 
  now , if you sell your software for a price that is not 20 % of my income and without swooping my device for all my data without asking me , i might actually buy it . 
  therefore i think all `` pirates '' should follow at least those rules ( or a similar set ) :, 
  - if a software is free with ads or paid without apps , use the free version or pay for the other one . 
  you `` can '' pirate a software if :, 
  - it does not have any drm or requires any special type of hardware/internet access . 
  ( like creating your own mac osx lion pendrive ), 
  - it is compatible with a maximum of platforms ( or strive in that direction ) . 
  - it is reasonably priced considering the current economical paradigm of your region, 
  - you can actually buy it *, 
  * this one is the exception to all that i have said . 
  if you can not purchase the software , just pirate it . 
  for example : a person with no credit card or a product that is not available in your region . 
  the people in switzerland are just like i guess . 
  americans could learn a lot in that regard from us , 
  and we could learn a lot from the u.s. too ( having more enterprise spirit , for example ) . 
  i would just add one more thing : whilst gifs do take more time to load , they are kinder on the cpu . 
  for those of us who remember the old days ( macintosh ii and 56k router ) , this was actually interesting . 
  note : obviously , nowadays that is meaningless , with gpu enhanced steam-powered chemicomagicly supercharged interclocking capacity of vlc . 
  i , too , am swiss and i can vouch for this comment . 
  i would also add that statement 5 is misleading . 
  whilst it is true that you can go around with a firearm , you can only do so under certain circumstances . 
  if you walk on the street with your sig in civilian clothes people will give you funny looks and the police will quickly come to ask you a few questions .
