  and this matches my experience with previous ati/amd cards i 've had . 
  however your commentary on the hd5xxx series is interesting . 
  was there a significant improvement from previous generation ? 
  how about the current gen ? 
  is it realistic to play games on linux with a current amd card ? 
   with the french revolution france wanted major change [ ... ] during the 1800s more and more european countries realized that having thousands of measuring systems in europe was hopeless, 
  do the napoleonic war play any role in this ? 
  did the conquest ( forced conversion ) or perceived might of france at that time lead to an easier transition ? 
  i always pictured the fins as a pagan cult , sacrificing vodka and coffee to their food whilst chanting death metal . 
  thus they gained unmatched might ( to the finnish : when you see a tank the normal human reaction is to run the fuck out , not towards it ) . 
  but this heathen power they call sisu comes at a price , as the people of finland can no longer feel joy , doomed to a life of striking fear into the heart of lesser mortals . 
  so , dear awesomely terrifying people of finland : it is not that we do not pay attention to you , we are just scared to death ( literally for the russians ) !, 
  your username really does not match the content or style of your post . 
  not that it takes away any of the interest or value of your post . 
  it 's just ... well ... really ? 
  my sister ? 
  i mean ... * sigh *, 
  rated r for reich ? 
   but the capital was saint-petersburg . 
  moscow was just the most populous city . 
  i 'm sure you meant glorious leningrad , comrade . 
  da , da ... would be shame if anything happened to family . 
  such pretty wife . 
  da ... gulag time now . 
  i live in poortugal . 
  our jobs are few and shitty , our wages so thin you can see through the checks , our taxes high and we ca n't afford much . 
  the food though , it 's heavenly . 
  most places will have a market with local produces at walking distance . 
  and even the supermarket have decent food . 
  and it 's cheap-ish ( i realised i gained 10kg after i got an income , so it 's not free food either ) . 
  if you ever come near spain or poortugal be sure to try the food . 
  some of it is a bit strong or unusual so you may want to be open-minded . 
  as an immigrant to poortugal , til . 
  thank you . 
  although good looking the flag 's meaning is very ... mundane . 
  still , better than a bloody white cross on a red square . 
  dear denmark , your flag is n't square . 
  i was referring to the dullness of the swiss flag , my birthplace . 
  still for all their amazing achievements the nordic really are n't too creative when it comes to flag . 
  there is a bit of a pattern . 
  or linux . 
  with an nvidia card and the great many games released on it recently it should work like a charm , be more stable , lighter and safer than windows . 
  but then again , windows has other advantages , so it boils down to what you need/want i guess . 
  there are plenty of those . 
  512mb of ram is a good breathing room , most distro would run on it . 
  lightweight linux version are plenty , from lubuntu ( and other lighter ubuntu ) , crunchbang to tinycore ( or tinyboot ) . 
  it really depends on what you want to do . 
  for gaming i 'd recommend ubuntu , because everything runs on it out of the box . 
  or running linux ... 
  all historians , and in fact all history classes regardless of age , in the eu follow this pattern for centuries . 
  so the 10th century goes from 901 to 1000 . 
  this is both the de facto and de jure scale . 
  however when it comes to decades things get ... interesting . 
  because centuries have a year zero , decades are counted from x00 to x09 , so the 7th decade of a century - the seventies - go from 60 to 69 , with the last decade ending in x99 . 
  but if you count from 001 , then the 125th decade goes from 1251 to 1260 . 
  so , to sum it up , within a century a decade goes from nought to nine . 
  hope this clarifies a bit, 
  i agree . 
  i 've always been in favour of `` uniforms '' for schools but it 's just beyond me why they would be drastically different for men and women . 
  some small differences are going to be necessary ( broader shoulders for men , larger chest area for women , etc ) , but beyond that it 's not fine . 
  recently i was watching a show where us military personnel appeared . 
  i noticed that many off the women - soldiers mind you - that worked in offices wore long skirts . 
  why ?!, 
  they are bloody soldiers and , in that context , engineers on top of it . 
  they carry a tool designed to kill , are trained to fight and live and work like any men so why on earth would the uniform be something impractical ... 
  anyway , my point is , in your daily life , be you men or women , i do n't give a flying fuck if you have a tiny skirt or walk around naked . 
  and whilst i believe institutions can have a dress code they have no right to impose any kind of discrimination in said dress code . 
  people are people before anything else . 
  this thing makes my 32kg ( ~ 64pounds ) full size case look like a midget !, 
  pretty cool build though , but it 's shape would make me nervous about nocking it down . 
  socially inequality ( wealth gap ) is also absolutely catastrophic . 
  south africa is one of the worst , if not the worst nations in that regard . 
  the country is relatively wealthy , but it 's wealth is far too focused around a small group . 
  granted socially inequality alone does n't disqualify you from being developed , else many countries would get downgraded fast , chief amongst which the us . 
  it may however play a huge part in relating relatively high metrics with poor hdi , as the average south african is n't very wealthy ( median income instead of average ) . 
  but the real question is : will it work with kerbals ? 
  nice touch with the tesseracts for the jewish physics . 
  funny and scientifically accurate !, 
  heating ? 
  what 's that ? 
  what strange inventions did you devil worshipper create ? 
  - with love , from poor ( but oh-so-warm ) tugal, 
  in all fairness poortugal can get chilly too . 
  the biggest issue is n't temperature itself , rarely does it go bellow 5c in populated areas . 
  however the ambient moisture during winter is very high , between 85-100 % . 
  combining that with houses that lack any sort of insulation or heating and it gets chilly . 
  add the fact that heating is n't all that cheap ( most people use natural gas heaters inside ) plus the economic situation and you start to get into issues . 
  it is n't a problem to a healthy adult , but old people or sensitive ones can get into trouble . 
  in comparison in my native switzerland temperature could seriously drop , getting to -20 c at sunset , lower during the night . 
  albeit that 's unusual , most of the time it was around -5 c. 
  however the moisture was extremely low , work places were prepared for it and the schedules were adapted to it ( most kids would be home from school by nightfall ) . 
  combine that with properly made houses and central heating and the cold was n't much of a problem for the average man . 
   japan for example can get quite cold during winter and they need kerosine burners etc inside . 
  great success !, 
  japan is a really extreme case of that issue . 
  they have very high moisture and cool temperature , specially in the north . 
  i have much respect for them for enduring that , but on the other hand i ca n't comprehend why they do n't remedy this ridiculous situation . 
  as a follow-up question : does a democracy have to be associated with bourgeoisie ? 
  was n't the role of the soviets ( worker groups ) democratic , in the early days of the ussr ? 
  landing on tylo , much like eve , is n't the hard ( est ) part , coming back is .
