  a white `` a '' on a black background . 
  it depends in which country you are . 
  in the small republic ( of portugal ) that i presently call home i believe that police officer should have a ( much ) higher pay and many more benefit but also be held to a much higher work standard . 
  but then again the police here is quite different than it is in most state . 
  not to speak of the military , whom historically have defended the people against dictatorship or illegitimate coup-d'\u00e9tat ( in terms of popular support ) . 
  if it looks stupid , but works ... 
  why is the enter key upside down ? 
  that 's about right . 
  although i do n't think that it makes much sense for thalmors to wear dunmer armour . 
  you know what my small , cute looking , breton , dragon murdering sociopath like to do most of all ? 
  hunt thalmors . 
  she just hides , grabs a daedric bow , scope and slaughters those jerks !!, 
  and then go on her merry way to save some damsel by killing some draugr . 
  as far as i know , from watching speed runs mostly , you can not . 
  the start is a fully scripted and can not be skipped , at least not this part . 
  it all depends what you mean by `` worth '' . 
  running your own server means that all the data on it not exposed to the internet will remain private as long as your machine is secured . 
  however , on it 's own , that will not prevent your isp from reading your mail . 
  it will also be quite a hassle due to spam filters , where your mail will most likely end up . 
  if you want better security you should use encryption , but that requires both party to cooperate , which is not easy when your most tech literate friend barely knows how to install a software . 
  tl ; dr : it will prevent google/yahoo/other from owning your data and , if combined with encryption , will make it a hell of a lot harder for anyone besides you and your recipient to access that data . 
  however it requires that everyone you mail be slightly tech literate and willing to cooperate . 
  my advice : get a mail from an independent entity located entirely in central europe , preferably switzerland , with support for encryption . 
  if you need help considering hopping on the swiss pirate party 's irc . 
  in and out of itself humidity is n't very dangerous to computers . 
  the humidity where i live oscillates between 80 % -100 % during most of the year and only causes damage to computers on the long run . 
  however temperature differences can be deadly , as they cause condensation . 
  in other words : if you get air inside your computer cooler than the ambient air you are going to have a condensation problems . 
  that 's actually an issue for some smartphone . 
  all you need now is to replace the music with tracks from nekrogoblikon and you are good to go . 
  and most quest in the game rely on instancing and triggers . 
  open cities is a great mod , although i admit that the way or works is witchcraft to my mind . 
  also , a mod to allow for a truly open world would n't be feasible . 
  it would essential mean recreating skrim from scratch . 
  there are , however , ways to reduce loading time . 
  reducing graphics , removing the auto save on `` travel '' , ssds , raids , maybe drr4 ( depending on what the ram is used for - if someone more knowledgeable would be kind enough to confirm/deny ) . 
  in switzerland i had to go to school on the 24th and in portugal i worked on the 24th and 26th to 31st . 
  however i enjoyed two holiday per year , 25th & 1st . 
  this machine , known as `` the devil 's trailblazer '' , is actually a creation of finnish cultists , who sacrificed coffee and russian blood , whilst chanting death metal . 
  fueled by the nightmare of children , this plow crossed the ocean into canada , where it carved away into ~ ~ mordor ~ ~ the tar sands . 
  they say that , at the coldest of night , in the void of the engine 's cylinder , you can hear the echoes of dead dinosaurs , forever cursing their dreaded fate . 
  temporary , sadly . 
  but oh so cool . 
  dg is n't , as an add-on , as good as db , but the main quest is far , far better , imo . 
  for the price i would recommend you get ( and play ) both , but if you can only buy one , get db . 
  i do n't really watch much porn ... but they surely must use lube . 
  even if it 's not shown they must ... just the idea of how painful that must be without lube ... 
  seriously , tell me they use lube . 
  i have no problem with the isp offering a blacklist or whitelist for customers . 
  mine offers the former , although i 've never met or seen anyone with it activated . 
  what is beyond me is how incompetent or straight out ill meaning the people who decided that this should be the default are . 
  i honestly believe that this stupid and backward law was n't written with the intention , or at least sole intention , of protecting the children/moral values . 
  i truly believe that it is meant to be used , in the short or long term , to control information access . 
  if this map is accurate for portugal :, 
  - i have a much bigger wand than average, 
  - all the guys i 've been with ( not many , sadly ) had even bigger sausages . 
  my conclusion : because scientific data ( or `` scientific '' , depending in your standpoint ) does not match my tiny personal experience it is entirely wrong . 
  portuguese sausage is big sausage !, 
  although the guys are small , which is quite nice . 
   wow , gender bacalhau !, 
  are ... are you saying i 'm a gay fish ? 
  cause i 'm not . 
  gay , that is . 
  ahh , i get it  unfortunately i 'm not portuguese , i just happen to live here . 
  my nationality says swiss and culturally i 'm a weird mix of french and * american * . 
  so i guess i 'm a gruy\u00e8re ? 
  after having watch the late 80 's / early 90 's french dub of anime i do n't think anything dubwise can surprise me for the worst . 
  also got me to hate dubs some much i learned two new languages just to avoid dubs . 
   its the users choice to have no advertisements . 
  this is entirely true from a technological standpoint and would be similar to sueing a television manufacturer because the customer can turn the tv off during adds , or switch channels . 
  the issue is that , historically speaking , the french and german government have a habit of passing [ ridiculous ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hadopi_law#enforcement ) or [ down right stupid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gesellschaft_f%c3%bcr_musikalische_auff%c3%bchrungs-_und_mechanische_vervielf%c3%a4ltigungsrechte#from_users ) laws . 
  it would not surprise me particularly if they won a local victory in their respective countries . 
  however i doubt that an eu court would ever go for that kind of bullcrap . 
  `` want to download but ca n't access websites ? 
  find out the miracle solution by dr.arvinja md , guaranteed free * and safe * . 
  law enforcement hates him !!! '', 
  you guys are lucky to get gift at christmas . 
  it 's been a couple of years since i last got one . 
  edit : to however downvoted me : go play xbox you peasant . 
  it 's shitty enough that me and my ( closer ) family are too poor to give each other gifts whilst other relative exchange 6 month worth of ( our ) wage in front of our eyes without even caring to give us a hug . 
  so , most sincerely , go shove a ps3 up your psu . 
  it 's got two 6pin connectors ( with 4pin compatibility on both ) . 
  i ca n't remember the exact power output , but the psu is pretty recent , unlike the rest of the machine . 
  it should support most single gpu on the market , with the possible exception of more extreme stuff . 
  thank you for pointing this out , btw . 
  i would not have remembered to check . 
  that does seem like the best option . 
  thank you for the feedback . 
  is this really widespread ? 
  do you have any `` source '' or example for that ? 
  i 'm finding this odd , but then again i learn something new about japan almost everyday . 
   a neuron is not a binary machine and emulating its behavior using binary components is far from ideal while this could enable a closer to reality emulation of the brain . 
  i have spent hours debating whether it is even possible to emulate the brain process via binary computing . 
  i actually designed a damn working model of pattern based computer with a binary adapter , just to help figure this out . 
  and the result : we had no idea . 
  i personally recon it is impossible , but simply do n't have enough evidence ( and knowledge ) to `` prove '' it . 
  what is certain and has been known for decades is that binary machines suck at pattern recognition . 
  and , if i got this correctly , she ( saber ) was summoned incompletely so it would stand to reason , otherwise [ fate/stay night and fate/zero spoilers - possibly to the end of both shows - and also of the vn , obviously ] ( / s `` she is the second or third strongest servant , with only gilgamesh , hercules and , possibly , angra mainyu . 
  servants being already a good order of magnitude stronger than even the strongest of living humans - which is in part why emiya is stronger than ... well , emiya '' ) . 
  i. . . what ?
