  as time goes , you grow older , you can apply for further licenses that would allow you to have higher calibres , more guns , etc. 
  of course , that would not prevent anyone from shooting any legally bought gun in a private propriety , but what happens then would be the responsibility of the shooter and the owner . 
  all in all , that means only people how are passionate and dedicated would get guns and these people are the less likely to misuse them . 
  it would n't prevent dedicated crazies from getting them , but would prevent a random bloke from having an access of rage and pulling a gun . 
  could you maybe give some feedback on that and if you think whether or not it 's a good compromise ? 
  note : i know some states and countries have laws similar to those , but from my very limited understanding of u.s. laws , gun ownership is pretty easy there . 
   ( 1 ) not everyone is a `` bro '' , `` he '' , `` him '' , `` guy '' , `` dude '' , etc. 
  please do n't assume gender unless you are certain . 
  instead , use gender-neutral pronouns . 
  when addressing a general crowd , we are comrades and not `` guys '' . 
  the first point is , in my opinion , the most important . 
  since birth until we leave school ( and regardless of language i think ) we are taught that a group of both men and women is to be referred as a male entity . 
  a neutral pronoun is much more appropriate for this . 
  however , in several languages , such as french , there are no neutral words ( safe for very peculiar exception that do n't apply in this context ) . 
   ( 3 ) pornography is exploitation and oppression against women , queer people and children . 
  do n't be a creep . 
  the third point bothers me a little though . 
  whilst i agree that some pornographic actors are not participating out of free while , in mainstream movie most are . 
  you should check podcasts such as [ sex nerd sandra ] ( http://sexnerdsandra.com/ ) or read ama of various pornstars/sex workers on reddit . 
  this `` issue '' is neither black or white and one should form an informed opinion on the matter . 
  that being said , it is unacceptable to contact anyone on reddit asking for any kind of sexual favour or imagery unless that person has clearly stated their interest in doing so . 
  i know it 's not much , but despite disagreeing with your third point , i still `` upvoted '' your post . 
  agreeing with someone on all issues is impossible and that 's why debate exists . 
   why does this happen ? 
  people living in capitalist countries are , from birth , indoctrinated with certain values . 
  men are tough , with a beard and show no emotion or are skinny whimsy pinky dancing fragile things with weird accent . 
  women have to be sexy , strong ( but still satisfy their husband ) and after a certain age ( 30 's ) should stay at home with the kids and/or take care of them . 
  now , giving positive ideas to young people ( respect others and the earth , etc ) is good , but shoving them with manufactured idea just for the sake of perpetuating a failing system ... not so much . 
   most tell me that they are afraid/hate `` radical feminists '' . 
  europe , more than any continent , has witnessed dramatic changes in it 's ideas and government and built into the very soul and body of european are the images of war and bloodshed . 
  radicals idea are pushed away out of fear , not only from the ruling class but by every member of the society . 
  concerning the u.s. 
  i 'd say it 's more an issue of image . 
  many people do n't want to be seen as `` the crazy chick '' or feel less desirable ( as many men would refuse to date a women who is too feminist ) . 
   how do i even engage them ? 
  as long as you are not talking about politics , that 's up to you . 
  if the subject of politics and/or feminism comes up , try making them think . 
  be friendly , hear about what they have to say and simply ask `` do n't you think your husband could take care of children just as well '' or `` if you had all the money in the world/if you were going to die tomorrow , would you still do this ? '' . 
  one advise : most communist i 've encountered are too blunt about their ideas . 
  in the same way that / r/atheism can be perceived as a bunch of jerks by the outside but do n't see themselves as such , communists tend to jump into politics and be very vehement about their ideas . 
  that does not work irl . 
  try simply talking gently , inviting people to tag along with you to meetings as they get closer and more interested , etc. 
  i hope this help you a little , 
  i think the point is rather to free oneself from the history of women 's oppression that gave genesis the language habits we have now and also make a statement against the status quo . 
  this , however , does not work in every languages ( case in point ) :, 
  french : un/une camarade ( camarade is a male word which has a feminine version ) . 
  if you are calling a person `` h\u00e9 camarade '' you ca n't distinguish , hence being neutral until you determine who you are talking too . 
  if you use it 's plural form , as for all french words with both a feminine and masculine version , it becomes masculine ( spelled differently than the singular version though ) . 
  it 's a similar story in portuguese . 
  there is , unfortunately , no easy way around it . 
  if you are dealing with a small group , you can try and call the group out using a pronoun with the gender of the majority , but this is impractical . 
  if anyone has an idea , i 'm taking . 
  hahahaha ... hum . 
  objectively that would be terrible , but you had me laugh quite a bit there . 
  i think that we will need a good group of mods that will stay true to the rule and ideology . 
  otherwise :, 
  `` beard or gtfo '' , `` like , yeah , i am a neo-comm , it 's quite underground , i 'm sure you 've never heard of it '' or `` i used to be a capitalist , but then i got a sickle to the knee '' . 
  i , for once , do not identify myself as a communist or a socialist . 
  the only ideology i strictly adhere to and will not , under any circumstances , change my mind about is kindness . 
  that very simple idea that as a specie we should be kind and help others led me to the left , to socialism and to communism . 
  the later is , as far as i could find , the `` less terrible/best '' idea on how a society should operate . 
  that being said , the ideas of karl marx are the ones that stroke me the strongest and seem to me as the best , but i do n't have nearly enough knowledge of the respective ideas of the other great thinker to form a truly informed opinion . 
  anyway , welcome comrade !, 
   i refer to myself and my so ( cis man ) as `` n\u00f3s duas '' ( two of us , feminine form ) istead of the grammar correct `` n\u00f3s dois '' . 
  i 've learned portuguese as a foreigner , but i was under the sincere impression that the rule for number was the same as for the rest , that is : if you are speaking about a group of people composed of male only or male and female you use the masculine , but if the group is made exclusively of women , then it becomes feminine ( elas duas ) . 
  please , correct me if i am wrong so i can have my `` til '' of the day . 
  that 's nerdgasm material right there !, 
  though i see one problem : dust . 
  m ********** n dust !, 
  everywhere . 
   thanks exclusivied, 
  that is quite true . 
  since i started playing gw2 on gunnar 's hold i 've been given ( and gave ) many item to other people , received help at the beginning and helped newbies and most player will risk death to help you . 
  however , that has a side effect that you can not afk anywhere near monsters ( which is fine by me ) because you will get chained rez and your gear will be nuked into oblivion . 
  sorry , i thought from the way you spoke that you were from portugal . 
  i was referring to jose socrates ' ( former prime minister ) government in which he legalised ( or de-penalized , however you want to look at it ) abortion and allowed homosexual marriage . 
  as far as i know homophobia is considered a crime here , though i 've never seen or heard of any blatant case of it with people past the age of 20 . 
  the guy has been on fire lately !, 
  first it was nvidia , then laptop screens and now engadget . 
  it 's great to have someone with a respected voice kicking things around a bit . 
  not sure if this really counts , but when someone accuses me ( rightfully or not , does n't matter ) of having done/touched something ( say : eaten their food , touched their computer , etc ) i simply shrug and stop touching or interacting with anything that 's theirs . 
  after awhile , they will ask for something ( can you make me food , fix my pc , etc ) i 'll simply reply that i wo n't touch their stuff . 
  for some reason , people get really mad at that point , honestly never understood why . 
  but then again , if someone asks you not to do something one day and then asks you to do that very thing the next day ( do n't touch my pc ; please fix my pc ) , what were they expecting ? 
  my experience with the green parties outside of portugal is very limited , so could you clarify a little why they would qualify as bourgeois ? 
  here , since they are very small , they were `` absorbed '' by the communist party and adhere to it 's ideal . 
  it might be ( and most likely is ) different elsewhere . 
  i agree with you . 
  in the u.s. ( and as far as i know , from my european perspective ) you are left with two choices at this point . 
  sure , it 's a bit like choosing the `` shiniest of two turds '' , but then again , it 's better than having a religious crusader leading the first military power . 
  also : is n't obama on the right-wing ? 
  he would qualify as a `` social-democrat '' rather than anything remotely on the left . 
  then again , my view as a european might be different than that of an american . 
  that 's ... odd . 
  i do n't see anyway a capitalist system could lead to actual preservation of the environment . 
  then again , i understand that they 'd prefer to avoid being mixed with what is often seen as `` extreme '' views , so that they can get a foothold in a more right-winged country . 
  that site seems great . 
  this job : http://www.careerforum.net/job_detail.asp?jobno=10740&amp;lang=e would seem perfect for me as i 've worked for apple before . 
  what do they mean by `` business level '' though ? 
  i can speak japanese on a b1 level , but i ca n't read anything with kanji ( s ) , is that enough ?
