  agreed , provided they have some sort of network access . 
  for those it might interest the usage of the swastika is n't ( only ) a reference to the nazi . 
  in switzerland there is a growing neo-nazi movement , that evidently support this kind of things . 
  there is also a major party , the udc ( french name ) , a far right entity that is often accused of or compared to the nazi , by ( some of ) the opposition . 
  note that i do n't mean to say they are or are n't pro nazism . 
  so the use of the swastika is also a ( not so subtle ) jab at some of the supporters of those initiatives . 
  there is little doubt that switzerland has a serious xenophobia problem . 
  but please remember that a nation is made of many different folks and that fear often ( donald ) trumps reason . 
   you and i may not agree how they run their country but its not our country to run ; its theirs . 
  i 'm a swiss citizen , so i still get to vote . 
  i moved away quite a long time ago however , and i 'm swiss more on paper than anything else . 
   besides , switzerland has a robust direct democracy system which reflects the will of the people better than most other `` democracies '' . 
  yup . 
  good point . 
  some of the content was cut from the final release ( synth husband/wife , for example ) . 
  not so much because of `` evil dlc monies '' i think , but because of time , budget or technical constraints . 
  it 's true that if you do n't make settlements the game feels a bit `` last man on earth '' . 
  but with all settlements active it feels very much like a post-nuclear world . 
  i like this decision but i can see why some people do not . 
  i did n't understand everything , but what i got is that some us local rulling/regulation now requires manufacturer to add some `` protection '' to some devices . 
  does that mean devices purchased outside the u.s. are still unlocked ? 
  and what exactly is the purpose of this decision ? 
  is it just lobbying/cartels or is there a legitimate reason which has the regrettable side effect of preventing what would otherwise be a legitimate use of a device ? 
  apologies if these questions are a bit basic , but i 'm a complete noob when it comes to wireless anything . 
  awesome find . 
  thank you for sharing it . 
   no , because we have an equivalent law in europe . 
  i was n't aware of this . 
  do you have a link for it ? 
  it would seem strange to have the e.u. 
  championing laws restricting consumer rights , but not unheard of . 
  honestly any official documentation on the subject is fine , so long as it comes from the e.u. 
  this is pretty cool but could be made more readable by , for example , having one map for former/changed capital of present-day nations and one for capital who 's nation no longer exists ( but the city still does , like venice ) . 
  thank you !, 
  i had already a few of those but the more the better . 
  those poster are actually a great tool when studying european history , as they serve as an excellent example of the evolution of the perspective the common people have on sex and homosexuality . 
  that 's the coolest way to get dismembered i 've ever seen . 
  there is so much to go wrong * when the machine is working fine * it 's astonishing it did n't somehow kill all engineers past , present and future . 
  that usually settles things pretty quickly for me . 
  that 's actually a good point . 
  why was stalin ( and only stalin ) represented in this attire ? 
  i 've seen images of `` uncle jojo '' in other clothing , but this grey army suit is the most common . 
  anyone knows more about this ? 
  why was this affair handled by a londonian tribunal . 
  or rather i understand why the bank could want that but how were they able to do that ? 
  would n't a national ( portuguese ) or international court be designated instead ? 
  i know the eu has entities capable of dealing with these types of issues . 
  lo , behold , gaze , for i am the horde !, 
  bask in my presence , in peace , for your fps will be few . 
  my mound is wealth , my treasure is power , but great care you must , overheat your computer you risk . 
  also , neet , but would kill my pc and run in diaporama mode . 
  orbital assembly , without lights , with three docking ports . 
  right , easy as pie , no problem . 
  first though , i 'm going to get a bit of practice finding this droplet of water in the ocean , just to get back in the game a bit , start small . 
  joking asside , even if pointless , your assembly was awesome , 
  i do n't think that 's accurate . 
  if i 'm not mistaken the relationships between japan and russia have been pretty tense over the past hundred years , with many conflicts and skirmishes . 
  i 've had zhukhov spawn in berlin . 
  fun times . 
  that 's an interesting artwork . 
  what was the goal ( or goals ) ? 
  show the pla in a positive light , promote the training of the population ( something the ccp was always keen on ) or something else ? 
  did it relate to any practical programm ? 
  anyway , thank you for sharing it . 
  so you saw something that says it ca n't survive atmospheric ( re ) entry and you decided to make it enter not one , but two atmospheres . 
  how very kerbal . 
  anyway , well done on going to duna . 
  it 's my favourite planet , personally . 
  you should check the poles two , it 's quite something to drive around on them . 
  i think the question is about how much the bullying played a part in his rather tragic death . 
  he was clearly sick , but as with most depressions/mental disorders it 's not a clear cut what is what . 
  i 'm of the opinion that those responsible should be held to some degree of accountability , but i understand it 's not an easy issue . 
  bit out of the loop , why is this lawnmower racist ? 
  i just use the thousands of logs i have to power my vehicles . 
  huge trunks for storage , too . 
  this is really cool . 
  i 'd love to see a small video of what it looks like when walking around . 
  the original was a damn maze to navigate . 
  how much of a mess is this one ? 
  i find it 's always hard to make good anarchy when designing . 
  yes !, 
  i have been waiting for a proper revolutionary style civ . 
  since bnw . 
  i ca n't wait to play it . 
  thank you kind modder overlords . 
  history is vast . 
  i study history and had never heard of this . 
  but to be fair i study `` recent '' european history . 
  it 's great that a kind redditor shared it though , always nice to learn more , 
  you keep using that term , `` simple '' . 
  i do not think you know what it means ... 
  anyway , this is really cool . 
  how long did it take to make ? 
  how did you go about designing it ? 
  did you plan everything ahead or go through trial and error ? 
  honestly this patch has been a mess , bug wise . 
  i 'm on linux , 64bits . 
  so far ( 0.9-1 .0.5 ) the game was super stable , if a bit inefficient . 
  aero effect were and are an issue . 
  but then again my pc is no beast , only a 960 , so there is that .
