  of course `` rougher '' user ( families with kids , careful people , folks living in high moisture areas or with rough temperature delta ) will have their device fail likely before that of someone who use them very gently . 
   if you think that 's much , then why having a pc for gaming in the first place ? 
  one may have bought his pc a couple years ago , when he had a part-time or his parents were working or he got it as a gift . 
  couple of years down the road you may have no money . 
  for someone with an average income in the u.s. or even with a minimum-wage part time for someone living with it 's relatives 20-40 $ is n't much . 
  but 20 $ for a `` kid '' in spain , with  60 % youth unemployment is a big deal . 
  and if you go to eastern europe : it 's worst . 
  so yes , it 's hypocritical , borderline immoral , for a teenager to refuse to pay 30 $ for a game and then buy 100 $ shoes . 
  however it 's as hypocritical and definitely immoral to apply your notion of wealth and monetary value to everyone around the world and judge people according to said notions . 
  though the murder rate , number of incarcerated people , and large number of guns may contribute heavily to that . 
  i wonder if , once those factors are removed , the numbers would n't get much closer to that of other countries , like switzerland ( which also does n't have free healthcare ) . 
   2 ) my wife and i pay over $ 400 a month in `` heath care tax '' so i guess it is not all that `` free '' . 
  how do you know that this is the amount for healthcare ? 
  are taxes in germany divided into categories ? 
  i only have a limited knowledge of taxes though , as they are automatically removed from your salary here ( portugal ) and i never really looked into it . 
   3817 $ brutto, 
  holy ... that 's alot of money . 
  how common is it for people to get paid that in germany ? 
  depending on your answer i might dust off my german ( hard to believe i once could speak it somewhat decently ) . 
  many third world country have universal healthcare too . 
  a friend of mine is actually in [ mozambique ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mozambique ) helping out the local doctors . 
  he told me that you can get a consultation with a well trained professional for a few cents , though many people chose not to go ( or ca n't , due to transportation issues ) . 
  why does the company release it later ? 
  whilst i 'm confident it wo n't hurt the sales i also do n't really see the point in delaying by only 15 days . 
  considering the type of product it is i doubt much translation/legal stuff/other will be handled in this time . 
  delaying several month i could understand , but so short a time is ... odd . 
  any kind soul with more knowledge than i do would be willing to explain ? 
  i would n't recommend razer products for linux . 
  to be precise , i would n't recommend any external device that relies on proprietary drivers to work , unless said drivers are available for linux . 
  that being said , there is a wide range of mouses , keyboard and other controllers that will work on linux , such as many logitech products . 
  in my personal and unscientific experience i find that both classical and metal music are very powerful . 
  whilst many type of sounds and genre can talk to someone i find that only the two aford mentioned types truely provide a sense of greatness and power . 
  this post deserves more visibility . 
  have an upvote on me . 
  i 'm most definitly going to overclock . 
  so if the h60 is overpriced/overrated what would you recommand i get as a cooler ? 
  a custom watercooling is a bit out of my budget so it would be either another wc kit or aircooling . 
  agreed . 
  though for some reason the add shown on the mobile app are substancially less attractive to me than those on the desktop . 
  for example the mobile app will display a non-english commercial for a dance/rave/thatsortofthing party where the desktop will show an english add for a samsung ssd . 
  my japanese is really poor , so excuse any mistake - `` kimi wa totemo kire desu !, 
  cool to see western style bondage practiced by japanese folks . 
  do you prefer this type of restrains or do you like kinbaku more ? 
  gendo ikari ( neon genesis evangelion ) - because i want to know once and for all what his goal is ( and a bunch of other stuff ) . 
  all anime . 
  as a kid the only anime i was exposed to was a french dub of dbz . 
  i henceforth assumed that all anime was about teenager on steroids yelling silly things very loudly ( the dub is n't all that good - masenko being translated to `` magic laser beam '' , for example ) . 
  couple of years down the road i watched naruto , death note and so on and it blew my mind . 
  only regret i have is not having discovered it sooner . 
  i believe they are very good shows for their target audience . 
  i also like the fact - at least for bleach and naruto - that they do n't seem to have licensing into accounts when or if to introduce new characters . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that they are objectively good shonen - whether you like that type of show or not is another story . 
  i was unable to follow a state sponsored course for this reason . 
  officially my file was lost - three times . 
  the course was for childcare . 
  i have no regret though . 
  this is possibly a cultural thing . 
  in my experience it 's not much of an issue in central and southern europe . 
  in my experience it 's pretty ok for women in france to have casual sex . 
  i imagine it 's the same more to the north-east , but only a person living there would really confirm . 
  edit : since i 'm getting down-voted i 'll clarify that i grew up and lived most of my life in the midst of french culture . 
  what i wrote here pertains only to my personal experience and is , obviously , not a social study . 
  finally i 'll say that it 's been years since i last heard someone call a lady a `` slut '' or other such term for engaging in `` allot '' of sexual activity - bar from people from very religious background , especially fundamentalist of the catholic and muslim ( used here broadly ) faith . 
  pretty much . 
  just to clarify though : they 'll only replace it for free if it 's under warranty ( 1y u.s. , 2y europe - you may have to `` remind '' the advisor of that fact ) , it has n't got sign of water ( rust , etc ) and is damaged only near the base . 
  a cut cable wo n't cut it either . 
  if you have an app it also extends the warranty for the accessories . 
  finally it may happen that they 'll replace the cable outside of warranty , though i 'm not fully sure under what conditions they do so . 
   i think theyre given a lot of leeway to make customers happy . 
  it 's true . 
  though there are some conditions to it - for example how many devices the customer owns , for how long he has been a customer , if he had previous issues with this device , etc. 
  if the cord came with an idevice you can just call support and they 'll send you a new one - in exchange for the old one , provided it 's under warranty . 
  otherwise you will have to pay the cost of it . 
  in any case , if i remember correctly , it 's often cheaper to replace a cable than buy a new one . 
  as a swiss i confirm that , to my knowledge , everything in this post is accurate . 
  learning . 
  if i spend a day without learning anything i get cranky and moody . 
  if this continues i start having headache and belly pain . 
  ultimately i 'll fall into a near mental breakdown in the space of a week if i 'm not fed any information . 
  just a friendly reminder that one should be mindful when discussing revolutionary actions on the internet . 
  do n't take this as legal advice , but a good `` rule of thumb '' in the eu is `` you can do pretty much watever you want to anything you fully own as long as it is within the constrains of your private property and does not affect a third party '' . 
  germany is a bit of an exeption though ... for reasons beyound me . 
  as a follow up question : if someone comes into your proprety illegally/without your knowledge and permition are you still responsible . 
  if so , why ? 
  noted . 
  thank you ( and everybody else ) for answering . 
  did anyone notice the dyson fan ? 
  back when i was studying quantum physics i remember encountering an issue with electrons quantum leaping below a certain threshold . 
  was any commercially viable solution found ? 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  in the article they mention plans for 7nm chips . 
  any idea how they plan to achieve that ? 
  just as a reference , how much does a car like this cost in the u.s ? 
  that 's cheaper , though not massively so , than it would be here . 
  about 30 % so . 
  ( talking about the expected price ) . 
  you would shell out about 30-35 $ here . 
  i 'm skeptical to the real world application of an 18th century bio-weapon . 
  it may have been really good at killing population in enclosed spaces , like fortresses and citadel , but so where other known method at the time . 
  and in case it was far superior to the current weaponry , how would you prevent , if at all possible , the spread of the decease ?
