  - and , finally , [ mars of destruction ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/413/mars_of_destruction ) . 
  imao ( and that of mal ) , the worst anime ever . 
  it 's so bad it 's not even funny to laugh at . 
  ps : special place for sonic the hedgehog movie and super mario anime , both really sucked . 
  this is ... paprica !, 
  considering the anime you 've already watched , i would recommend fairy tail . 
  like most it 's a shounen , but has a lighter story than fma or ttgl . 
  good show to watch when you are a little bit down , it will pump you up . 
  if you want something romantic you should look at clannad , it has a deep ( and yet incredibly cute ) love story . 
  it 's really not as clich\u00e9 as some anime are , with original character and lot 's of creativity ( and comedy ! ) . 
  the second part , clannad : after story is much more dramatic and sad and you should easily relate to it . 
  if you want something strong and dark , you should definitely see elfen lied . 
  it 's a very strong show with very mature content ( not as in `` sex '' however ) , but definitely a good reflection on the weakness of the human nature . 
  puella magi madoka magic and steins ; gate are both really unusual anime . 
  they are , imao , on the top ten of the best anime of all time . 
  and , as an added bonus , they are fairly new ) . 
  i do n't see any advantage to using this over backtrack . 
  it has less tools and is not as well built ( apparently ) . 
  it does have tor by default , but then again , it 's not so hard to install tor . 
  i do n't see why anyone would use this . 
  aside from script kidie to say to their mates `` yeah , i run the anonymous os on my netbook , 'cause i 'm so hardcore '' . 
  but then again , that might be it 's selling point . 
  i love linux and i support any initiative that , i believe , can beneficial to it . 
  i am not , in any way , saying that they should stop making this distro , but just that , imao , it 's fairly pointless and can give a rather bad name to linux ( fox news : the worldwide socialist group created by linus torvalds joins forces with hacker group anonymous . 
  could the mayan have been right all along ? ), 
  but , then again , freedom is also accepting that people might do thing you disagree with . 
   penis is turned inside out . 
  nope nope nope !, 
  does having a scholarship means you will , automatically , get accepted or is the scholarship just about the money ? 
  i work for a large tech company , as phone support , in portugal ( that 's important ) . 
  once a french customer called me complaining that his smartphone was n't working . 
  i probed and then asked him to do some troubleshooting steps . 
  he refused and asked me to go at his house and solve the issue myself . 
  i responded with the usual `` sorry , but i 'm currently in portugal and it is , therefore , impossible for me to physically assist you '' . 
  to which he promptly answered `` well , that 's not my problem '' . 
  quite an ode fellow that one . 
  whilst reading it , the only thing that came to mind was the song from team america . 
  fyi : in portugal , philosophy is mandatory for two years in high school . 
  among the things studied are logic , reasoning , skepticism and religion ( in a critical manner ) . 
  also , on the subject of critical thinking , in biology , creationism is studied ( albeit briefly ) : they teach the student why it 's wrong and why some people still believe in it . 
  in a word : yes . 
  when you are a member of a more socialist society , each individual shares parts of the burden of this society . 
  tax are paid in function of income , etc. . . 
  considering that the collective pays for your treatment , you should avoid being a burden to the collective , as this will lead to more suffering . 
  in other words , your one selfish action of recklessness will lead to the suffering of other , which , in my view of ethics , is wrong . 
  that does n't mean people ca n't indulge in dangerous activities , as long as they are not proven to be overall detrimental . 
  for example , extreme sports have many positive feature and only a handful of issues for society , however smoking is terrible for a society . 
  drinking is fine , as long as it is not exaggerated . 
  remember : once freedom ends were someone 's else starts . 
  tl ; dr : indulging in self-destructive activities to be patched-up later at the cost of your fellow men is morally wrong . 
  i like your point !, 
  my opinion needs to be clarified :, 
  whilst one has indeed a responsibility toward the collective , one is also an individual and has rights within that society . 
  those rights extend pretty far , but self-destructive activities should be banned ( smoking , hard drugs , etc ) . 
  those activities will , overall , decrease happiness of the individual and thus that of the society , so banning them make sense . 
   especially when the individual has an obligation to reduce suffering of the other individuals within that collective through self-sacrifices ( such as living a lifestyle they would otherwise not want to live ), 
  as i see it , you are not enforcing a lifestyle on the individual . 
  one can , indeed , still do almost everything you can do currently in america , with the exception of activities whose outcome is clearly negative to society and the individual ( smoking , overeating , etc ) . 
   would n't more socialistic societies actually guarantee the suffering of every individual in it ( and thus be immoral in and of itself ) ? 
  that reminds me a little of mainland china . 
  it is true that a society which looks only and the success of it as a whole is morally wrong , as it disregard the suffering of it 's members . 
  however , you can have a socialist society with a high degree of freedom . 
  sweden being a good example of that . 
  you can also implement direct democracy ( like switzerland ) were the collective chooses it 's own rules . 
   its rare to find someone on reddit that can be of an opposing perspective and still be respectful . 
  so , let me say before i continue `` thanks for not being an arrogant i 'm - right-you 're - wrong jerk . '', 
  you welcome . 
  until proven without a shadow of a doubt , my opinion is not more or less valid than yours , at least that 's how i see it . 
  concerning the war on drugs i 'd say you have to look at it in a certain paradigm . 
  in it 's prevent form , it 's a failure . 
  first , mixing all drugs in one bowl is definitely not the way to go . 
  then , rather than being comprehensive a helpful they are violent and aggressive . 
  in this time and age , `` weed '' should be legalized , as well as prostitution . 
  none of those are really detrimental to a society , as long as they are under a certain amount of control . 
  concerning other harder drugs , such substance are generally negative for both the individual and the society . 
  they should be outlawed , but rather than punish it 's users , they should be helped . 
  education about drugs should be reformed . 
  drugs are not black and white , it 's a grey area and education should reflect this . 
  finally , on the topic of drugs , i find the current cigarettes that people smoke to be much worse than weed . 
  they have a much more negative effect on their users , are more addictive and sold legally . 
  i believe the production , sells and usage of it should be banned . 
  however , the consumption of tobacco , as long as it is submitted to correct control , is fine by me . 
  on the topic of direct democracy , it 's a system that only works with educated masses . 
  whilst people will vote for what is more beneficial to them , they wo n't simply say `` well , let 's vote to legalize the trade of slaves if they are black/asians '' because they were educated with moral and ethic . 
  it 's a good system for country like sweden , finland , norway , switzerland , denmark or germany , were the people are educated and open-minded and there is state regulation on political campaigns . 
  in the u.s. it would prove to be a catastrophic failure , for many reasons . 
  democracy is n't a good system , it 's simply the best one so far . 
  first page : ok, 
  second : right ? 
  third : i do n't get it , what seems to be the problem ? 
  forth : well that 's unusual , but still, 
  fifth : nopenopenope !!, 
  self-note : read comment first before clicking link . 
  important . 
  i have trypophobia , so i do n't think that 's wise . 
  would you happen to remember the name of documentary ? 
  the pirate bay is beeing sued in sweden , which is n't like the us ( see frank_hitler comment ), 
  loved amagami ss , liked yosuga no sora ( but is n't really what i am looking for ) , will definitely watch rec and rumbling hearts . 
  ai yori aoshi sound lovely . 
  will check onegai teacher .
