  so it ended blowing up in poor wb 's face , killing his pr department and causing him to become radioactive , so no one will approach anymore . 
  the epilogue is that poor little wb , trying to out do big bro ea and sister ubisoft ended up at the bottom of a hole he nuked himself into . 
  rest in pieces . 
  south park on pc was similar . 
  it did n't explicitly say that you need a gamepad but the game was a huge pain to play on keyboard/mouse . 
  that 's not fine . 
  either you warn ahead that you need/should have a gamepad ( super meat boy ) or you give proper support . 
  gamepad ( or other controller ) only game are perfectly fine but it must be a `` required hardware '' part . 
  also , south park had no in game way to remap keys so my gamepad ( which is not an xbox gamepad ) did not work . 
  `` connect land '' ? 
  you mean you do n't kill their soldiers , slaughter their people , burn their cities , salt their fields and raze everything in sight ? ... 
  what a lost opportunity . 
  - with love , from aaaaaaaaaaaatila . 
  unfortunately siarpc was one of the show 's most popular segments . 
  however i do n't remember clarkson being overly enthusiastic about most . 
  source : behind the scenes , available on youtube . 
  i understand , however i invite you to check the `` behind the scenes '' available on youtube . 
  you 'll find that it corroborates what i wrote . 
  unfortunately , at present , i can only access reddit on mobile so i ca n't easily find the link ( ca n't open youtube - 200mb datacap ) . 
  every one of those bell-like metallic `` ding '' was him levelling-up . 
  i believe the requirements are n't correct . 
  there is a native linux version of the game . 
  is xp also officially supported ? 
  anyway , that aside ( it 's a new site , mistake are bound to happen ) , i agree with the rating . 
  however it might mean the rating chart may need to be reworked to include all games , not just ports . 
  regardless : thank you to all the people involved for your hard work . 
  have you considered posting a to-do list so that community member can help you on small things ? 
  it might lighten your workload . 
  i thought he meant the empire . 
  he already thinks like a pre-christian barbarian , might as well use the same map . 
  the earth is swarmed with debris . 
  however their size and number is almost meaningless when compared to how big space , or even the earth , is . 
  in a 1:1 they would be invisible for a human , but they are there nonetheless and can be dangerous . 
  just strap a laser ( polyut 2 ) to a big rocket ( energia ) and be done with it . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  i do n't think you quite know what `` typical '' means . 
  this ... thing ... is n't typical . 
  it 's awesome , gorgeous and just appeals to my inner 8y/old , but it 's not typical . 
  you can already do it . 
  i discovered it accidentally when i pulverised an asteroid by firing my engines towards it rather than away ( think `` pulling '' rather than `` pushing '' ) . 
  although drilling a charge into it sounds like a cool idea . 
  dealing with a heavy and relatively sensitive explosive payload might be interesting . 
  perfect point . 
  the performance of my hd4870 , with 1gb of vram , whilst no doubt decent , is far bellow what a gtx650ti can achieve , despite having the same amount of vram . 
  in much the same way that a gtx660 ( with 2gb ) simply ca n't compete with a more modern gtx960 , both with the same amount of vram . 
  slightly tangential but i noticed the other day that linux has more games than any console currently on the market . 
  and that 's without taking windows emulation into account . 
  i also like to say that i 've never gotten any berating for gaming on linux , even on this subreddit . 
  most of the time i 've been asked to host the server ( s ) actually , largely because of the better x64 support . 
  if you like it , great for you . 
  buy and enjoy it . 
  just keep in mind it does n't do anything to cure/treat anything . 
  i buy plenty of food that advertises itself as `` all natural , contains no chemical ( how is that even possible ?! ), 
  and is antioxidomagicofixeverything '' . 
  the reason ? 
  : i like fruit juice and not all fruit are always available . 
  i actually agree . 
  i strongly doubt it will be anywhere near our now dead top gear and i even have reserve on whether or not it 's going to be entertaining enough to watch it , but i will give it the benefit of the doubt and watch at least one episode . 
  that 's when you use your `` high tech pushy thing pointed at the sky '' . 
  or , in other words , put a ( tiny ) engine on the roof and burn towards the floor . 
  warning : may cause you to teleport inside of gilly . 
  is n't it somewhat correct ? 
  beer , specially in the 18th-19th century , must have been a relatively healthy drink . 
  it 's boiled , so the risk of contamination is lowered and it 's somewhat nutritive . 
  and alcohol must have been a nice bonus . 
  i still would n't recommend it to pregnant/breastfeeding women . 
  this just goes to show how poorly trained and prepared security staff is . 
  tibetan is n't anywhere close to arabic ( or other semitic languages ) and it 's unlikely those are going to be the signs a potential suicide bombers shows ( read interviews with captured/surrendered bombers and trainers ) . 
  terrorist are a threat . 
  less so than bathtubs , tobacco , alcohol or cars , but a threat nonetheless . 
  however fighting fanatical people with stupidity does n't work . 
  tl ; dr : instead of a thousand unprepared and poorly trained `` security '' put a hundred properly trained ones , or multiple your budget . 
  either is better . 
  portugal here , same . 
  `` this video contains content from sme , who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds . '', 
  windows has more games than any other platform , there is n't much debate about that . 
  however linux has more games than any console currently on the market and you do n't often hear console player complain that they `` have no games '' . 
  yes , windows has more games but linux has plenty of choice and ( in my limited experience ) they work somewhat better than on windows ( provided you have an nvidia or intel gpu ) . 
  whatever the future holds for greece , i wish them the best . 
  with that out of the way i 'll say i quite like this one . 
  it 's well done , easily and internationally understandable and is n't `` in your face '' . 
  that last one is , imo , a big issue with propaganda and opinion pieces nowadays , as they often overdo it in trying to stand out and end-up antagonising many people , preaching only to the quire . 
  this one is funny and light enough that it might make one think twice instead of digging their hills , unless they are already completely convinced to their '' side '' . 
  a good one for folks `` on the fence '' . 
  huh , i got a working , complete and in good shape copy in the attic . 
  might consider selling/donating it . 
  i only ever bought one of those , nexuiz . 
  cheap , had nice graphics and enjoyable gameplay but terribly bad at competitive or balance play . 
  also , why was dragon age 2 removed ? 
  it was n't brilliant but was still decent enough . 
  that 's ~ ~ a dick ~ ~ an ea move !, 
  is n't that illegal actually ? 
  it seems very uncompetitive and very much a huge conflict of interest . 
  they could give the peasants auto-aim . 
  i 've seen this options in some pc ports . 
  in a small map , with limited size , you would n't have render distance issues . 
  they would still get their asses handed to them though , be it only for how long the fps tradition has existed on pc . 
  i still see several of those ( non modified ) on a daily basis . 
  not my cup of tea as they are too tangy , but i still appreciate their uniqueness . 
  they seem reliable enough to have lasted this long , but then again they are lemons ( citron , play on word in french with the brand 's name , citroen ) so they might be a pain in the ass .
