  there is also a big part of the population who is against the current gun laws in switzerland and wishes for a complete ban on their sell to civilians ( mostly represented by the socialist party ) . 
  finally it 's worth noting that whilst there are common cultural aspects to all swiss people , there are big cultural differences between the romandie , the german speaking region and the italian speaking region . 
  '' `` guns kill people . '', 
  response : alcohol kills more people . '', 
  whilst this is true , i would have stated things like this : alcohol or weed do not cause much harm when used in their inteded purpose . 
  if you do not over use any of them , you will not suffer . 
  now , guns are slightly different in that you can kill someone if you missuse them but will surely kill someone if you use them correctly and in their intended purpose * . 
  when using the argument `` guns do n't kill people , people kill people '' always keep in mind that this argument is rendered useless when you remember that guns are designed and intended to kill people . 
  * talking about lethal weapons only , obviously . 
  first off , thank you for replying in a polite and constructive manner . 
  it 's unfortunately too rare on the internet these days . 
  now , regarding my statement , i would clarify saying that guns are not designed to put holes in paper , they are just used to do so . 
  ( most ) guns are designed to kill or severely injure humans and other living creatures . 
  unlike dynamite that was designed to save people ( yes , you read that right ) . 
  so , the intention and original purpose of a gun is to kill humans , whether or not it is used to do so is another topic . 
  however it is my sincere belief that you should not give people simple access to tool designed to murder others . 
  regarding knives , that depends a lot . 
  for example a traditional kitchen knife is a crappy weapon : it 's heavy , will get slippery with blood and you will have as much chance of hurting yourself than someone else . 
  now combat ( tactical ) knives are designed ( at least partially ) to kill , just like swords or bows and these are much more efficient at doing so . 
  conclusion : you can kill someone with a kitchen knife and cook with a sword , but let 's be honest : it 's not a good idea . 
  also , i advise you read this article :, 
  it 's very interesting a fairly neutral . 
  ps : regarding my experience with knives , i 've practiced sword fighting for about a year now ( prior martial training , obviously ) and have trained in fighting with small knives ( over 10cm is illegal here ) . 
  ok , now seriously , the left one is on a console right ? 
  ps : yes , this is a shameless troll . 
  it 's thanks to people like this i kept my job ( tech-support ) . 
  would you mind getting a closer picture of your eyes and smile ? 
  you seem to have beautifull features and i think this picture does not do you justice . 
  this . 
  i would n't say that 's the case for all , but most people with that `` predicament '' i have met so far have been dealing with a lot of suffering . 
  one case i witnessed ( and still see almost every day ) is pretty bad :, 
  depression , psychosis , sociopathic tendencies ( anti-social personality disorder ) and add . 
  not pretty , not pretty . 
  funny you mentioned this . 
  far from being from royalty , i still hold a title of nobility ( well , technically i am second in line to it , but it 's just a murder away , * hum * ) . 
  what is interesting is that this is completely pointless in a country that is not a monarchy . 
  you do n't get any wealth ( since it was all taken from the family during revolution ( s ) ) or respect ( nobody gives a crap about it ) . 
  on the other hand , you do n't really have any downside to it , aside from some boring dinner twice a year with many people you never heard of before ... much like a normal family , really . 
  - the cow !, 
  swiss expression to state a great surprise . 
  our version of omg if you will . 
  `` fuck no ! '', 
  in answer to this : `` this call will be charged 35 $ , are you ok with that ? '', 
  i make around 12000 $ ( after taxes ) a year and i consider myself lucky . 
  i live just fine with that . 
  i also do n't have the right to social security ( unemployment checks ) , 
  i was born in switzerland , but the `` noble '' part of the family is from portugal . 
  my great great grandmother was , if i am not mistaken , a countesse . 
  the problem is that the only person who knew the entire story died a few years ago . 
  i think there might still be salvaged book with more details at my grandma 's house . 
  i 'll have to check it . 
  that 's the [ jetlev ] ( http://www.jetlev.com/ ) for you . 
  that would make for a perfect gift for my little brother ( well , not by blood , but i still see him as my brother ) . 
  he is deeply passionate about computing , but we do n't have much money so we ca n't afford cool stuff . 
  i got my phone from my last job and we scavenged most of our pcs , but cooler stuff is out of the question ( for now !, 
  [ the journal in the pic is french ] ( http://www.metrofrance.com/ ) *, 
  this is madness !, 
  no , this is ... 
  otaku !!, 
  steins ; gate . 
  i am a physics nerd and i have my own place , but unlike okabe , rintarou i am lonely ... so lonely . 
  so having friends with whom to spend time nerding around would be awesome !, 
  the content seems interesting , but the blog is not really comfortable to read . 
  imo ( and for what it 's worth ) , you should check to have your blog hosted at wordpress . 
  otherwise , press on !, 
  i just wanted to say thank you for having made a linux version of torchlight 1 for the latest humble bundle . 
  that too , was my take on the issue . 
  i wonder what the ppp ( partido pirata portugues ) will have to say on this . 
  kerion , a french power metal band . 
  i was very into the machinima seen a few years back and someone had posted a video ( that was not very good ) , but the soundtrack was cool ( despite terrible audio quality ) . 
  i contacted the author and he sent me a bunch of musics that were apparently recorded so that the band could get a label/concerts . 
  they have since gotten quite larger . 
  their site : http://www.kerion.net/ ( in english ), 
  3.9 $ here ( after taxes ) . 
   if you 're not bullshitting us ( you 're definitely bullshitting us ) then you could probably sue your employer for not meeting minimum wage , or should hire a tax attorney to get your money back . 
  or you just assumed i was in the u.s. ( granted it 's a fair assumption ) . 
  i live in portugal , 
  thing is , the dollar is more ubiquitus on reddit so i convert before posting ( ggg : converts currency to dollar so that redditors do n't have to ) . 
  to avoid further missunderstanding i 'll post in $ first and then in brackets the $ equivalent . 
   have a couple upvotes, 
  same to you for being nice/polite ( and also `` til '' about minimal wage in the u.s. ) . 
  location location location . 
  i would also add that higher tax on the rich means that either the state has more money or the lower class ( majority of the population ) has to pay less . 
  whilst wealth does not correlate directly to happiness , it would n't surprise me that a population which can enjoy economical well being ( whilst far from spending money recklessly , having a little at the end of every month/year goes a long way in terms of happiness ) . 
  that also means there will be less incentive for the majority to avoid taxes , break laws and can even lead to people having a healthier work-life . 
  all this , of course , contributing to the economical growth of said population . 
  i still have a women 's voice , despite having left high school quite some time ago . 
  never had the slightest issue with it . 
  i look like your average bloke , really . 
  i mean , i do have soft skin , soft hair , childlike face and women 's voice , long and skinny fingers ... and frankly a women 's body from the waist up ... damn it ... 
  at least i have a strong , dark , piratish , beard that looks completely out of context . 
  f * you genetics , f * you !, 
  til that spain has aircraft carriers . 
  that case . 
  you ca n't even imagine the things i would do to that case !, 
  i 'd screw in a e-atx board , plug her with a crossfire and fill her up with a nice and warm water cooling kit . 
  i 'd insert two hdd at the same time , finger the back to plug the cables and finally a good , long and strong power supply . 
  then i 'd just press the magic button at the top and watch the magic happen as she lights up . 
  i 've always been very close culturally to france and ended-up working for 9 month in tech-support for french customers . 
  2-3 times a day , we would receive a call that went like this :,
