every single tsundere ... i hate tsunderes . 
  also , inoue orihime from bleach ( until the defeat of aizen ) : has godly ( healing ) power and an entire army ready to fight for her , still give herself up to the enemy and help him achieve full power to save her love that she knows will risk his life to save her . 
  tales of the past iii by martin flash . 
  whilst technically not animation but machinima , it 's one of my favourite movie and definitely worth watching ( even more if you are into the warcraft universe ), 
  kyouya , definitely . 
  he is perfect for a relationship with me : knows what he wants , strong and straight headed . 
  if i ever meet a boy like him i would love to spend one day ( and night ) with him . 
  but then again , i need someone with an extremely strong mind as a lover . 
  i here all your grief , americans and just wanted to share a little about portugal . 
  as you might know , portugal is in `` critical economical conditions '' and dramatic cuts had to be done . 
  currently a worker has the right to 22days of vacations ( in total , a worker can , if authorised and at the expense of the company , leave for 30days straight ) . 
  time and date of the vacation are to be negotiated with the employer . 
  note : the days of vacation are paid double if you 've been working for at least a year . 
  that means that , if you go on vacation for 5days , you will get paid 10days . 
  you also get paid double on christmas . 
  by law !, 
  if you are sick , you can have a medical leave , you are paid , by the state , 60 % of your income ( caped at 1200 $ / month ) . 
  you can not be fired whilst on vacation or medical leave . 
  medical leave can be for years in some cases ( note : if the company closes , you still get paid by the state ) . 
  finally , if you are fired , you get up-to two years of 60 % pay of you last job ( maxed at 1200 $ ) . 
  unemployment rates is at around 10 % . 
  my economical case , to give you an idea : i currently work in a callcenter , for applecare techsupport . 
  they pay me around 800 $ a month or 11 200 $ a year . 
  that 's 14,784 $ . 
  i live with someone with the same pay-check ( together we get around 1600 $ / month ) . 
  that 's enough to pay for a small apartment in a good part of town , food and stuff . 
  even some money left to pay for small gifts . 
  tl : dr : my point is that you government has more than enough money to provide you with all the benefits ( i call them rights ) you need !, 
  i wonder why people wo n't bother a strong , half naked , man , wielding an axe and harbouring what looks like a ( not-internet-related ) pirate symbol on his right arm ... maybe because it 's sunny outside and people are happy ? 
  you misspelled , you probably meant `` so you think you have a passion ? 
  bitch please ... '', 
  careful , you could be considered a terrorist for this :, 
  you did not pay the right to the orchestra playing for listening to this performance , you filthy pirates !, 
  in portugal you can download anything from the internet , so long as you do n't share/sell pirated content . 
  megaupload ( r.i.p ) was , therefore , completely legal . 
  what happens if a minor `` signs '' ( agrees ) with a eula ? 
  is it still valid ? 
  also , if there is clause in the eula stating that you can not sue the company , does this really prevent you from filling a lawsuit ? 
  can the lawsuit be rendered null due to this ? 
  in this case it was simply an anonymous forum focused on `` grey '' hacks . 
  small , borderline legal , hacks that could help you out . 
  they also taught a few things about tricking company into your benefit ( getting a new , rather than refurbished iphone after exchanging it , that sort of things ) . 
  that 's actually pretty interesting !, 
  sounds like the plot of a dexter episode . 
  i actually saw that and that 's what peeked my interest . 
  the top post actually questions the implication of a eula , but i did not find any answer after reading 200 comments , so i thought it could be interesting to go into the specifics of eulas . 
  that 's actually useful when studying science . 
  i remember having to use it quite a few times in highschool . 
  nevertheless , thank you for trying to help a fellow redditor , that 's always appreciated . 
  edward elric and winry rockbell . 
  i 'd like to be a lonely smart guy with mad hacking skills , age 20-22 . 
  i 'd live isolated , living of the money i make out of hacking . 
  i would have worked for a secret organisation in the past , in exchange for walking free after getting caught hacking . 
  in december 2012 , a massive internet failure leaves the world in a chaotic situation . 
  a few days later , a cute young girl appears at my dour . 
  wounded , famine , but not dying . 
  i 'd give her water and some food and start talking to her [ insert sad story here ] . 
  later , on the evening , the same secret organisation knock at my door . 
  they ask for my help . 
  i agree , in exchange for shelter for me and my companion . 
  obviously things do n't go as planned and we both go on a mad adventure in this post-apocalyptic world . 
  during the course of our adventure she falls in love with me and vice versa . 
  for the first time , i actually feel love for another human being . 
  at the end of our adventure , we end-up by restoring peace to the world and decide to go live in a small village in the highlands of japan . 
  the end . 
  i personally never had issue with this while in high school . 
  but then again , i was the `` cool kid '' in the class , i 'd often watch anime/read manga during class . 
  sometimes even hentai or yaoi . 
  anime in general . 
  before watching i thought all anime were like dragon ball ( which i really do n't like ) , where characters yell all the time . 
  after getting into it ( with death note , elfen lied and code geass ) , i was amazed at the subtility and the quality of the shows . 
   why ca n't the official releases do this ? 
  i am not sure for your case specifically , but for the eu in general and portugal in particular , there are norms for subtitles . 
  here ( portugal ) you have to use a maximum of x words , you can choose between only a limited number of fonts and the subs must be a the bottom or top of the screen , in either white , yellow or , in some cases , black . 
  there , possibly , similar rules in the us , dictating the use of subtitles . 
  note : if there is any portuguese reading this and thinking `` wait , i 've seen subtitles differ from this '' , they were either in another language ( sometimes happens with english or spanish subs ) or broadcast by a foreign television channel ( happens with brazilian subs ) . 
  well , this is portugal . 
  so long as you have good grades , you can do whatever the fuck you want . 
  i had classes for a few years with a girl that looked completely sweet and normal on the outside , but was actually a lesbian dominatrix inside . 
  it was almost has thou she had two personalities , that was sometimes quite scary . 
  i could picture her perfectly in a manga like nisemonogatari . 
  i put all the yaoi/hentai manga on the bookshelf and do not hide anything on the computer ( it 's either in / home/kaheil/videos or in / media/videos/japanimation ) . 
  it 's been like that for the past five years and only close friends ( mostly girls ) ever bothered looking for it . 
  not hiding things and not giving a fuck when found is , imao , the best way to go ... 
  but then again , i used to read and tread yaoi in high school , so i 'm no reference . 
  moe is fairly hard to define , but in this context i would define it as such :, 
  dying due to a strong/violent attraction/love for a cute ( as in kawaii , not hot ) character . 
  that is : seeing something or someone so `` kawaii '' that it causes death . 
  as in , `` it 's so cute i could die '' . 
  you might want to check the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moe_%28slang%29 ) and other websites . 
  the best definition i found for it was on a french hentai website , of all the places . 
  i actually remember reading a doujinshi were , after engaging in intercourse , the `` loli '' character kills it 's partner . 
  it was fairly disturbing , i must say . 
  still , no a bad way to go . 
  best anime death , alongside [ lelouch ( code geass ) ] ( / spoiler ) . 
   ( are you really dead if your mind lives on ? ), 
  without going into too much philosophy , i usually define death when the body stop existing as a whole ( not as in amputee but rather as in atomised ) , when brain function stop or when the person is fully unable to interact with the outside world . 
  from `` less horrible '' to `` my eyes ... it burns !!!, 
  - [ asu no yoichi ! ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/4999/asu_no_yoichi !, 
  ) , i know many people will disagree with this , but i have to say i really disliked this show .
