  i prefer to think of the process as a bio-kinetic anti-gravity system . 
  using the latest and thoroughly tested techniques in * mammoth cheese * powered technologies nasa guarantees a rapid acceleration with minimal g forces ( once top speed is reached on a linear trajectory ) . 
  thanks to intensive breeding techniques to find the perfect balance of strength , precision and digestion as well as a rigorous selection to make for the best blunt accelerator we are proud to be number one in orbital launch ( suck it elon ! ) . 
   but , would n't it be tcasa ( tamrielic club assault space agency ) ? 
  or is that too obvious ? 
  tamrielic association of kinetic oribtal launch ? 
  ( takol ) . 
   i 'm not sure where you are at , but i ca n't think of any place where you legally have to give notice before leaving a job . 
  it 's just a courtesy . 
  i believe most of the e.u. 
  states have provisions in the legislation for requiring advance notice . 
  it seems only fair as the company is also required to give you a heads-up . 
  i know that i my last contract i had two give a few weeks , so did the company ( two , i believe ) . 
  failing to do so would lead , on my part , in loosing some or all the indemnities or other benefits and failing on the company 's side would lead to me being able to sue them without having to put a dime on the table ( except for my own transportation ) . 
   month of vacation time , then called in sick until they were out of sick days , then sent an email saying they quit . 
  in my specific case ( and i believe this is more or less the norm too ) you could indeed take one month straight of vacation . 
  several colleagues of mine did that , and the company was more than happy with it . 
  regarding sick days ... there were none . 
  you either were sick and had a legal document proving it or you were missing your job and could be fired for it ( seems logical ) . 
  however at the time i started employment i discovered that you would not get paid during short medical leave ( less than 3days ) and would only get paid a small amount ( 40-50 % of your normal income - again , in my case ) for longer periods ( ~ 1month ) . 
  were it got worst was that i discovered you could get fired whilst ( legally ) sick and would stop receiving any income , both from the company or state ( you 'd still get paid by the company for any vacation day not taken ) . 
  the final nail was discovering that for ... reasons ... a relatively young ( below 23 at the time ) person was ineligible for unemployment , because ( quoting the state employee ( s ) ) i talked to : `` i 'm sure you have family that 'll house you '' . 
  as an immigrant : that went well ... 
  those were `` interesting '' couple of years . 
  only had two suicide attempts , so , you know ... on the plus side both the situation and myself got better . 
  i now have a warm house , food and a dog  i 'm relatively poor compared to the average european , but i 've got all i need . 
   what does n't the ** u.s. ** government know about us ? 
  as a non-us citizen it does bother me that a foreign government spies on me openly . 
  at least have to curtsey to be discreet about it , like the chinese , or the russian ... or the french ... or german ( speaking of which , hey gema : go fuck yourselves ) ... 
  to be fair i doubt my government spies on me - to expensive a program to run ( and they are too incompetent ) - they just request the info . 
  from the states in exchange for allowing/partaking in the illegal capture and transport of citizen of various sovereign states , as well as allowing torture and possibly murder to occur . 
  all jolly good really . 
  now where did i put my cyanide pill ... 
   unless you are some sort of international actor or involved in the highest levels of defense contractor weapons development , foreign nations are not interested in your activities . 
  it 's not really an issue of them [ foreign nations ] being interested and more an issue of mass surveillance . 
  all the nations i 've mentioned , plus many others , interecept part or all the internet traffic that goes through them . 
  that means , to give a slightly silly example , that someone from spain accessing a website/server in belgium may have his or her data stored by the french government . 
  realistically i doubt that this data would be used for anything against `` you '' personally , unless you are , as you put `` some sort of international actor or involved in the highest levels of defense '' . 
  however i believe it 's a violation of privacy , rule of law ( innocent until proven otherwise ) and , in international politics terminology , a `` dick move '' . 
  obviously this is my own opinion and the future might , hopefully , prove me wrong and the present programs of data gathering and mining will not amount to anything . 
  i 'm a relatively normal and healthy guy , but i 've always had trouble reaching orgasm on my own . 
  the technique op mentions does work , to a fairly good degree , and i would definitely recommend it . 
  another thing : i recently bought my first more powerful vibrator . 
  it 's improved my ( sex ) life quite a bit . 
  it 's an egg style vibrator that i press on the frenulum . 
  if the batteries are full i can manage to cum in 10min . 
  or less , which is about half to a third what the methods described by op does . 
  my hope is to be able to get a hitachi wand style vibrator , but sadly those are more expensive and my meager budget does not allow for it . 
  although i 've talked with my bf and he may be gifting me one , 
  tl ; dr : ( m ) have difficulties reaching orgasm , op 's techniques works rather well . 
   maybe try one of those before dropping the cash on the hitachi ? 
  that actually was my idea , i should have been more clear . 
  the main reason i want a wand type vibrator is that they plug into the main , instead of using batteries . 
  the batteries for my egg last less than a week ( two aaa ) and i often end-up replacing them before they expire because of the power loss . 
  i tried using rechargeable batteries , but they do n't have the `` kick '' normal one have ( they are old-ish though , about 2y ) . 
  new rechargeable batteries being on the expensive side . 
  if you 've got any recommendation for a wired vibrator ( noise not so much of an issue ) that 's on the cheap side i 'm all ears . 
  sadly my local sexstore does n't carry one : /, 
  boy , what an ugly thing . 
  disgusting , really . 
  those perfectly braided cables ? 
  gorgeous watercooling ? 
  awful !, 
  you should get rid of it asap . 
  i mean , i could take it off your hands if you want - as a favour . 
  jesting aside it 's quite a beautiful thing . 
  it 's not the best build ever , but as an all rounder i would put it in my top ten . 
  only two things i do n't like : the top water tube is too long for me , gives me an impression of weakness in an otherwise extremely solid built and the rear window . 
  i do n't like rear windows . 
  so much so that i moved . 
  2000km away . 
  still , you wo n't find better cheese , chocolate or knives anywhere ( sorry japan ) . 
  i think you do indeed have some white dust near the pci-e slot . 
  otherwise , nice paint job . 
  apologies if this question sounds silly , but what exactly is an `` ethnic person '' ? 
  is n't everyone more or less part of some ethnic group ? 
  but then again , english is my forth language so i still have a lot to learn . 
  i live in the e.u. 
  ( probably a couple hundred of kilometres from the company 's headquarters ) and i get the same message . 
  i believe it 's a generic `` sold out '' message that 's a bit buggy . 
  it 's a shame they do n't ship to switzerland , but i 'm sure you 'll be able to get one from france or germany ( depending on your location ) easily enough . 
   you could n't choose switzerland as a country in the afternnoon slot . 
  assuming they sell only in the e.u. 
  that makes sense . 
  i imagine it 's the same for norway ( anyone care to confirm ? 
   `` well , all the communist countries so far have failed '' ( referring to the soviet union , china , north korea , etc. ) . 
  i 'm too young to have known it myself , standing at only a quarter of a century , but i imagine a lot of the propaganda in the post-war era must have painted all more-or-less `` bad '' groups as communists . 
  * someone murders in the street of america ? 
  he was a soviet worshipper ! * . 
  is there any truth to this ? 
  there are also groups that have claimed to be communist or socialist but were simply using the name to gain support or sympathy . 
  one of the most infamous one would be germany 's `` nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiterpartei '' , i.e. 
  the * nazi * party . 
  i 've also heard pretty strong criticism of the `` khmers rouges '' , but my knowledge of them is very lacking , so i do not know of their veracity . 
  my point is , in `` tl ; dr '' version , that the `` western '' propaganda succeeded in associating most evil and failures with communism , regardless of whether or not there was any relationship between them . 
  i like the cross , typically associated with portugal , slapped in the middle . 
  the whole design is also somewhat reminiscent of the [ old portuguese flag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:flag_portugal_%281830%29.svg ) combined with elements of the [ republican flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/flag_of_portugal.svg ) . 
  whilst i find this flag ... ugly ... for lack of a better word i do like the way it was designed , building up on existing elements . 
  it uses parts of it 's nation history , with present events ( at the time ) and was quite meaningful for the young nation . 
  but then again i have quite a bit of sympathy for the nation of brazil and it 's people , so i 'm more than bias .
