  having studied physics , 90 % of the shows get fundamental stuff very wrong . 
  material physics blows out the window and nuclear weapon act as overpowered tnt . 
  and boobs somehow would serve as a better protection than carbon alloys . 
  what i meant to say and i again apologies for not being clear about it was that i was pleasantly surprised by the research quality of the show . 
  it 's not perfect but it 's a lot damn better than most . 
  quite an interesting read . 
  as a follow question : how did weapons/armours cost affect the choice . 
  i imagine a nobleman would be armoured , mounted and carry a sword , whilst the average soldier could only get mass produced gear ( basic armour and spear ) and the peasantry would be lucky to feature actual weapon as opposed to repurposed agricultural equipment . 
  so hollywood and video games lied to me . 
  anyhow , thank you very much for taking the time to answer . 
  elected official are supposed to be educated individual . 
  i do n't mean formal education , as i honestly think degrees have little to do with ones leadership ability in terms of a country , but in terms of personal education . 
  learning english is n't particularly hard . 
  most people can do it , if willing . 
  now , i do n't censor the average folk for being too tired to do it from scratch , but i sincerely believe that whoever i chose to elect to represent my interest should be able to speak the lingua franca . 
  however it 's far too close to four in the morning so i 'll adjourns further conversion to later tomorrow . 
  i 'll just end by saying it 's nice to see someone , specially a swedish person , interested in french . 
  whilst i make no pretention towards mastery of this beautiful , yet annoyingly archaic at times , language i still find it 's time uniquely poetic . 
  or wine . 
  although the drivers are a bit fiddly . 
  how so ? 
  i 'm fluent in both portuguese and english and i ca n't seem to see anything wrong with it . 
   a communist country, 
  the dprk is not a communist country . 
  de jure it 's a socialist state ( it 's in their constitution ) . 
  de facto it 's closer to a fascist state , although classifying the complex nature of the north korean government and society is very tricky , nigh impossible . 
  an important piece of information and very well put . 
  i might use that in the future . 
  thanks comrade . 
  your first picture does n't do justice to your work . 
  i thing you did something great , however , and i 'm sure your kid will love it . 
  until the a.i. 
  decides that you have land , city-state and/or wonders that they want and sends you an army large enough to encompass the moon . 
  that 's why i always get at least two cities . 
  one of them to pump-out units . 
  ps : no , i 'm not at all traumatised by genghis khan ... but just in case let 's start another game without him . 
  it looks curiously built around the engine . 
  as though someone wanted to give that engine a purpose , not so much build a ride . 
  it does look very interesting though and i would love to see the bowel of the beast , do to speak . 
  babylon is good for defending , specially in the early game . 
  the a.i. 
  almost always has a big advantage at the beginning , so the walls help to counter balance that quite well . 
  the bowman will also help greatly . 
  that makes babylon one of the best civ . 
  to start with . 
  however it 's ability is somewhat inferior to others so you will need to snowball your way to victory . 
  all in all babylon is one of the most reliable civilisation , but i would n't say that it 's anywhere near being the best . 
  that title belonging to ethiopia , imho . 
  essentially , and according to this article , the police may take your recording device away if they deem it would be use to something illegal ( all this in the context of a protest ) . 
  now , unless you decide to throw your camera at an officer 's head , how exactly are you going to do something illegal with a camera at a public protest ? 
  i imagine , assuming the article is accurate , that this is to avoid films of police abuse . 
  however the ... `` logic '' ... the government is allegedly using is ... baffling . 
  anyone has other sources for this ( in english or spanish ) ? 
  i would be curious to know what pro-bourgeoisie publications make of this . 
  babylon is probably amongst the best of you take a thousand games . 
  however , in the right circumstances , there are many civ that would surpass it . 
  iroquois in a forest/jungle covered map , for example . 
  and i love ethiopia because it combined defence with culture and religion . 
  unless you screw-up diplomacy or spawn next to aaaaatila !!!, 
  you should be able to have a fairly decent game . 
  but then again , this is completely and utterly subjective and to each their own . 
  take me in a fight and i 'll role ethiopia any day however . 
  i. . . why ?!, 
  how on earth did they justify that ? 
  if it 's true then i seriously worry about spain 's future generation . 
  let 's hope my beautiful portugal does n't go the same route . 
  try amazon + wet + hot with iroquois and jungle thingy pantheon that gives +2 culture per ~ ~ forest ~ ~ edit : jungle . 
  you become an all terrain beacon of cultural annoyance . 
  cheers . 
  really great work . 
  the smile of a kid truly make all the work worth it . 
  if it 's not the case yet you should post this on / r/diy too . 
  why does the cpu 's name features `` 300.00 mhz '' when the service is capable of far more ? 
  or is this the value before the multiplier is applied ? 
  that 's the point i was trying ( and seemingly failing ) to convey . 
  civ5 is a well crafted enough game that you do n't have `` one civilization to rule them all '' . 
  given the right conditions one civ may outshine all others , but will otherwise be somewhat inferior . 
  the ones you mention , however , benefit little from these `` extreme '' conditions but are in general far more reliable and , indeed , powerful . 
  so i would indeed pick one of those more reliable civ in a game with many unknown but in the instance i knew exactly what may come then some other civ may be far more adequate . 
  thank you comrade . 
  whilst i do n't speak spanish i can read it easily enough . 
  this law is a bit disturbing indeed and i 'm glad it never came into being . 
  it does not surprise me that the authorities tried , however . 
  it makes sense for a bourgeoisie backed government to want to silence critics . 
  a word of warning for anyone clicking : the article feature an image that was somewhat disturbing for me . 
  if you are in a sensitive mood turn away or deactivate image loading . 
  ahh , that does make more sense . 
  thank you . 
  beautiful . 
  not over the top , simply pretty . 
  is it standard practice for tire to be made in this way ? 
  i always thought that they each layer was a single part , so to speak . 
  this looks more like a diy lego type tire . 
  quite a nice little setup you got there . 
  a bit small for my taste , but to each their own . 
  however , based on the pictures , the screen seems a little low . 
  you may want to raise it a bit to avoid back pain . 
  very clean all around . 
  i really like it , so much so that - given the budget - i would make something similar for myself . 
  if you have pets/lots of hair/dust you may want to get something to protect the floor from the chairs .
