  in fact tylo , laythe and eve are the three solid objects i only send unmanned missions onto the surface . 
  i recon i could manage laythe with a bit of work and aero engines and tylo with unreasonably large rockets/orbital assembly . 
  eve though ... it 's a one way trip . 
  you sadistic purple mistress . 
  do the box versions of games like team fortress 2 count ? 
  you still had to buy it , but steam/valve does n't know what ( or if ) you paid for it at the time . 
  neophyte here but ca n't the same engine display radically different qualities ? 
  if they do do n't say `` in game footage '' but `` engine footage '' is n't it technically correct ? 
  albeit very misleading . 
  i 'm thinking of skyrim , for example , where some people games looks radically different ( and better ) than when the game came out , despite using the same engine . 
  i suppose it was thought as an anti piracy measure . 
  but it 's a bit odd to have it nagging you in game without and to use it . 
  it 's like having a great add for a great service but not letting you but it . 
  crunchyroll , netflix : please come to the whole e.u. 
  is there a way for the hud to display data in metrics . 
  i 've seen screenshots around with kilometres , for example , but no explanation on how to do that . 
  i 'd be interested in knowing how much impact on the market the release of newer model has . 
  sometimes i wonder if the biggest issue ati faces is n't with driver issues and compatibility giving them a bad name rather than hardware . 
  in sum : amd 's problem may be marketing , not products . 
  but then again , i studied physics , not marketing , so i may be ** very ** wrong . 
  that sounds like the title of a summer slice of life anime . 
   even better is to steal their workers to repair their own tiles for you to pillage, 
  so not only are you marching through their ancestral land , burning their constructs , starving , killing and enslaving but you also want to add oil on the fire of injury by having the slaves toil just they can watch your soldiers burn down what they just finished , only to do it all over again . 
  you sick , sadistic , baby eating genius . 
  if you were an ingame leader you 'd be the son of attila and alexandre , with ghandi being your teacher . 
   there 's enough energy involved to make * something *, 
  that , surprisingly , sums up most of modern physics . 
  how cpu intensive is the game ? 
  i 'll be upgrading my gpu next week thanks to tax return , from an hd4870 to a gtx960 , but i 'm afraid my q6600 , even with it 3.2 ghz overclock ( stock @ 2.4 ) is going to bottleneck the game . 
  although the game runs on my current system , it 's not very ... playable . 
  are those game good enough to make that a loss ? 
  what little i 've heard of them was fairly negative . 
  but then again i do n't know anyone who would know what the nhl is , nor is basket particularly popular ( badminton and volleyball are more popular , for example ) . 
  if you have not installed life support ( mod ) your kerbals will be fine . 
  maybe a bit homesick . 
  to put it simply , once you get something on eve , it stays . 
  theoretically it 's possible to fetch them . 
  in fact it has been done and i plan on doing it ... someday ... 
  however it is amongst the hardest things to do in game at this time . 
  the best way to do it , i figure , would be to get a craft into orbit with a shuttle to go to the surface and back ( 12k delta v ) . 
  using parachutes to land will negate any need for fuel usage during landing . 
  now for rescuing ... 
  i guess your best bet is to land a rover along your shuttle , fetch the kerbal ( s ) with it , come back and fly home . 
  a bit of a pain if you ask me . 
  or use mechjeb ( mod ) to land on the perfect spot . 
  good advice , though i had figure that much on an earlier expedition . 
  it 's specially good if you play career mode . 
  i like / u/stormthegates point , but i 'm not entirely sure those are the best points for a younger audience . 
  i figure you are likely in the u.s. so i 'll assume the audience you are talking to is aware of the problems such as environmental issue and poverty but never experienced either directly . 
  and has also some degree of anti-socialism inbuilt . 
  first you may want to avoid pounding on capitalism more than necessary . 
  most people are relatively aware of the shortcomings of this system , but tend to think of it as the `` least bad '' system . 
  you may also want to distinguish socialist and communist ideas ( in general ) from what was specifically implemented in the ussr . 
  the ussr was socialist but the policies followed a certain ... ideology/doctrines/philosophy ( probably not the best words ) that are only one way to try achieving communism . 
  there are other ways to implement socialism , the ussr was simply the first really successful example of a revolution . 
  since you are talking to christians you may want to mention that communism is n't anti-religion . 
  a good example of that ( and that is near and dear to me ) is the pcp , the portuguese communist party , with most of it 's member being catholics . 
  they poll at around 10 % in the past couple years ( far more in the 80 's ) , with a significant increase hoped for in the next elections . 
  not exactly a small marginal party by any means . 
  for racism , if it interests your audience , you may want to pursue the angle that under socialism there wo n't be a `` white guilt trip '' or `` race '' specific compensations . 
  everyone being relatively equal it becomes pointless to even think in terms of race . 
  you might want to talk about the benefits of social equality . 
  a good example of that are the nordic countries , specially sweden , which despite not being socialist have very low social inequality ( compared to the rest of the world ) and benefit greatly from it . 
  they are not perfect and their model wo n't work everywhere and depend , in part , from the capitalist exploitation , but are still and example of the benefits of having more equality . 
  anyway , this post is getting huge and there are a thousand more points . 
  the `` tl ; dr '' of it is that socialism is a viable alternative to capitalism because it promotes things that were proven through the entire human history to ultimately be beneficial . 
  it 's not a perfect , utopian , system , nor is communism , but it 's one of the best we 've got . 
  if you need example of successful socialist states look at cuba ( compared to similar sovereign states ) , the successful policies in the early days of the ussr , specially pertaining to education . 
  democratic examples would be venezuela , with ballots , elections and strong political opposition . 
  there is also the [ carnation revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnation_revolution ) , as an example of a revolution largely induced by communist efforts . 
  hope this helps and good luck !, 
  i would put a grain of salt on that . 
  speeches are very time and place sensitive and may not be best for talking to a younger audience in the middle of an imperialist state . 
  it 's very interesting from a personal education standpoint , however . 
  as opposed to dogs who go from proud and dignified to complete derp in 0.26 seconds . 
  fair point , i agree with you . 
  in the e.u. 
  `` eula '' have very little legal power . 
  whilst not all contract have to be signed eula are the bottom feeder of legal documents . 
  so unless the modder has in any way agreed to anything whilst speaking/writing with valve then he should be able to safely pull his own stuff ( arissa ) . 
  the fishing mod is slightly more complex , however . 
  then again , this works assuming the content creator is in the e.u. 
  it would not work , for example , in australia or japan , afaik . 
  i hate to break your fantasies but ... it 's not a ghost . 
  also we do n't have jude gold . 
  all swiss are good people . 
  we love all ... unless you are a black minaret building sheep . 
  damn that place was pretty but i really do n't miss the chauvinism or xenophobia ... 
  is n't that religion called scientology ? 
  maybe i 'm mistaking it with some worldwide , money grubbing , manipulating , immoral and downright crazy cult of despicable inhuman ... hum ... some other `` religion '' . 
   [ ... ] the specific issue falls under eu law or that of another area [ ... ], 
  very good point . 
  in an overall good post , i might add . 
  it 's most likely that valve ( or any other international company ) would try to bring any legal actions against them `` home '' , for obvious reasons . 
  however , historically , e.u. 
  courts - or national courts - tend not to be excessively friendly to the idea of giving-up the lawsuits to another nation ; for `` internet '' related issues at least . 
  a relatively recent lawsuit in france , against facebook , demonstrated that when a court decided against facebook 's eula , deeming it abusive . 
  as such it not only created a precedent ( which are n't as important in latin/roman law as in british law , but still ) and demonstrated that eula really have little biding power . 
  tl ; dr : `` internet '' law and `` eula '' are a nightmarish clusterfuck and nigh impossible to truly understand for a layman - including myself . 
  however it is more likely that the local law - or whatever applies where you are physically located - is what 's going to be decisive .
